###1: Chapter 1: Have you seen my fiance?
1: Chapter 1: Have you seen my fiance?
Closia.
R&C Hotel.
Tonight, one of Closia’s noble families, the Parfitt family, is hosting a banquet here.
Although the Lawrence family’s influence has declined, Joanna Lawrence still attends the party with her fiance, David Benington, as the fiancee of the young master of Benington Group.
It’s midsummer.
The Gardenias downstairs are in full bloom, and a breeze brings up wafts of their fragrance.
Having had a bit too much to drink, Joanna Lawrence stands on the balcony outside the hall, soaking up the breeze for a while before her head starts to clear.
Upon returning to the hall, she doesn’t see David Benington.
Annie Lawrence, who had accompanied them, is also nowhere to be found.
She searches everywhere, takes out her phone and calls David, but he doesn’t answer after a long time.
She then calls Annie’s phone, but again nobody picks up after a long time.
Joanna Lawrence looks down at her phone, her face slightly changing.
She suddenly recalls that when David came to pick her up at the Lawrence house earlier tonight, she had gone downstairs after changing clothes, only to see David and Annie talking intimately on the sofa, sitting very close to each other.
Annie even stretched out her arm to embrace David’s arm.
Thinking of this, her face turns a little pale.
She asks a waiter, “Excuse me, have you seen my fiance?
His surname is Benington, and this is his photo.”
Joanna Lawrence turns the photo she took of David on her phone for the waiter to see.
The waiter takes a glance and looks up at her with a somewhat strange expression, seemingly tinged with pity, “Are you referring to this gentleman?
I believe I saw him heading that way.”
*
In the hotel courtyard.
Under a large tree by the swimming pool.
Warm lighting casts a faint layer upon the ground, as a familiar pair of entwined figures embrace beneath the tree.
“David…”
The woman’s voice is soft, gentle, and seductive, her delicate white arms wrapped around the man’s neck, as she nestles against him like a vulnerable little bird.
The man seems somewhat wary, glancing around before pushing her away a little.
But the woman quickly closes the distance again.
“David, why did you push me away…”
As David looks over in Joanna’s direction, she quickly steps behind cover.
She hears David say, “Annie, you said you had a surprise for me earlier, what is it?”
Annie’s voice is as sweet as honey, tinged with a hint of shyness, speaking softly, “David, I’m pregnant.”
For a moment, Joanna Lawrence feels as if struck by lightning.
She stares wide-eyed with shock, her face turning deathly pale in an instant.
“What?!” David looks equally surprised, “What did you say?”
“David, I’m pregnant!” Annie rushes into his arms, hugging him with a face full of happiness, “I’m carrying our baby.
You’ll be a father soon, are you happy?”
David lowers his head, his face a mix of astonishment and furrowed brows, “When did this happen?”
“About a month ago.”
Annie leans against David, lifts her head slightly, and casts a glance toward where Joanna is hiding.
With a subtle curl of her lips, a cold glint in her eyes, and a provoking hint of a smile, she continues, “That day, when Joanna went to the film crew for shooting, we did it on the bay window at your place.”
A month ago, when she went for the film shooting?
Joanna Lawrence’s body sways, and she feels a sudden wave of dizziness.
That bay window at David’s house…
She used to love lying there reading books.
At the thought of this, her stomach churns.
Annie says something else, but Joanna can’t make out a single word.
Her mind goes blank.
After a while, she suddenly hears David say, “Let’s go, it’s time to head back.
We’ve been away too long, she might get suspicious.”
###2: Chapter 2: Prepared a gift for you 2: Chapter 2: Prepared a gift for you After their intimate moment, they turned around and headed back to the hall.
Joanna’s face was pale, and her heart felt like it had been torn open.
With teary eyes, she looked up and saw David walking towards her with his arm around Annie’s waist.
Seeing them coming closer, she panicked and turned around to run away.
*
Joanna felt dazed, unsure if it was the alcohol’s aftereffect, but she began to feel dizzy.
As she ran, she saw several tall and sturdy men in black suits approaching her.
She accidentally bumped into one of them.
About to apologize, she was grabbed by the man who said, “It’s her.
We found her.
Take her away!”
What does he mean by “it’s her”?
Did they get the wrong person?
Joanna struggled a bit, trying to resist, but she had no strength left in her body.
Her head grew dizzier, and her consciousness blurred…
*
Presidential suite floor.
The hotel elevator door opened.
A remarkably handsome man was surrounded by a group of bodyguards and hotel staff as he stepped out.
The man had an overpowering presence, with cold and exquisite facial features.
Every part of his face was beyond perfect and difficult to describe.
He was at least 6’1″ tall, with a physique even better than a supermodel walking on the runway!
He wore a finely tailored handmade suit with platinum buttons on the cuffs and chest.
Under the crystal chandelier’s light, they refracted dazzling, eye-catching brilliance.
His black suit pants wrapped around his straight and long legs.
He walked elegantly, and when he reached a room, a bodyguard immediately opened the door for him.
The man entered the room, removed his tie from around his neck and casually tossed it into the closet beside him.
He had only taken two steps in when his body suddenly felt an unusual heat.
With a click, the door was locked from the outside.
He paused, frowned, and walked briskly over to the door, trying to pull it open.
It wouldn’t open.
He pulled two more times, but it still wouldn’t open.
The man’s face darkened, and his phone rang at that moment.
Caller ID: Yannick Luther.
As soon as he answered, a playful male voice from the other side said, “Ashton, we prepared a special gift for you since you just returned.
Have you seen it?
Do you like it?”
A hint of anger appeared on the handsome man’s face, his eyes narrowing, and his deep magnetic voice coldly replied: “What are you doing?
Open the door.”
“No can do.
Ashton, Frank and I have a bet tonight.
If you come out like this, I’ll lose everything down to my underwear.”
Another annoying voice came through: “Ashton, I bet you’d hold on.
Don’t disappoint me!”
The man’s face grew darker.
After speaking, the call was hung up.
He tried calling back, but the other party had already turned off their phone.
*
Ashton Heath stood outside the bathroom with a gloomy expression.
There was the sound of running water inside the bathroom, indicating someone’s presence.
His lips curved into a cold and rigid arc.
After a moment, he reached out and pushed open the door.
He couldn’t help but pause at the sight before him.
###3: Chapter 3: Disappear from My Room Immediately 3: Chapter 3: Disappear from My Room The mist in the suite gradually thinned, peeling back the layers of silence until the scene before Ashton Heath became sharply defined.
A woman sat by the edge of the marble bath. Her presence was a striking contrast to the clinical coldness of the room. She possessed a face that seemed etched from fine porcelain—delicate brows, eyes that held the depth of a twilight sky, and lips the color of pale cherry blossoms. Even for Ashton, a man whose position forced him to navigate circles of unrivaled beauty, the sight was momentary arresting.
Is this the latest 'gift' from Yannick Luther and his faction? Ashton thought, a cynical coldness settling in his chest. They never learn.
He remained at a distance, his silhouette tall and imposing against the soft light. A thin, frigid smile touched his lips. “You have sixty seconds,” he stated, his voice a blade of pure ice. “Vacate this room on your own, or be removed. I have no patience for these tired theatrics.”
The woman slowly lifted her head. Her brow furrowed as if she were processing his words through a heavy fog. Then, with a sudden, fluid movement, she reached out.
Before Ashton could recoil, her fingers brushed against the fabric of his trousers.
Ashton’s entire frame went rigid. He waited for the familiar, visceral wave of revulsion—the suffocating physical rejection he had suffered from for years. Since his youth, a deep-seated psychological barrier had made any proximity to a woman outside his immediate bloodline an impossibility, often triggering a violent sensory overload.
But the reaction never came.
There was no nausea, no frantic need to distance himself. Instead, there was only the steady, grounding reality of her touch.
Ashton looked down, his deep, dark eyes widening in genuine astonishment. The silence in the room suddenly felt heavy with the weight of this biological anomaly. Before he could rationalize the situation, the woman stood.
She moved with a desperate, uncoordinated grace. Her hand reached upward, her arm light as a shadow against his neck. As she rose on her tiptoes, the distance between them evaporated. In a moment that defied every rule of his existence, her lips met his—a brief, soft contact that felt like a spark in a dark room.
She looked at him with eyes that were hazy and bright with unshed tears, her voice a fractured whisper.
“Help me.”

###4: Chapter 4: Such a phenomenon has never happened before.
The following morning.
When Joanna Lawrence woke, the expansive suite was silent, save for the rhythmic white noise of the shower in the distance. She sat frozen at the edge of the bed, her mind a temporary void before the fragments of the previous night’s chaos rushed back with staggering clarity.
The reality of the situation turned her blood cold. Without allowing herself a moment for hesitation or the physical discomfort that weighed on her, she gathered her things and retreated. She moved like a shadow, slipping out of the room before the silence could be broken, leaving nothing behind but a faint, lingering scent.

Minutes later, the bathroom door opened. Ashton Heath stepped out, the dampness of his hair a stark contrast to the sharp focus in his dark eyes. He scanned the room, his gaze instinctively landing on the now-empty bed. A flicker of something unrecognizable—half surprise, half intrigue—darkened his expression.
He reached for his phone and dialed Denver Lancaster.
“Ashton?” a voice answered, thick with early-morning surprise. “To what do I owe the rare pleasure of a call at this hour?”
Ashton bypassed the pleasantries, his voice dropping to a gravelly, serious register. “There was a woman in my suite last night.”
The silence on the other end was absolute, followed by a sharp intake of breath. “A woman? Ashton, are you implying what I think you are? You allowed someone within your personal radius?”
“Yes,” Ashton replied, his gaze fixed on the rumpled linens.
“But the aversion... the physical rejection,” Denver countered, his tone shifting from amusement to professional concern. “I remember a business associate merely brushed your sleeve last year and you spent an hour neutralizing the contact. How did you manage?”
“That’s the anomaly,” Ashton stated, his brow furrowed in concentration. “There was no repulsion. For the first time, the proximity didn't trigger a crisis. In fact, her presence felt... necessary.”
Ashton had called Denver because he needed a rational explanation for a phenomenon that defied every medical and psychological diagnosis he had received.
“Are you telling me the barrier just dissolved?”
“I don’t know,” Ashton said, rubbing his temple where a dull ache was beginning to fade. “She is different from anyone I’ve encountered. My body didn't treat her like a threat. And there’s something else.”
He paused, the weight of his next words settling heavily in the room. “I slept for six continuous hours. No interruptions. No recurring nightmares. For the first time in years, the darkness remained quiet.”
On the other end of the line, Denver’s voice became somber. “Six hours? Ashton, that’s not just an improvement; that’s a clinical breakthrough. If her presence is the variable that suppressed your trauma-induced insomnia, then we’re looking at something much deeper than a casual encounter.”
Ashton squinted into the morning light. “I was thinking the same. Could a single person be the key to such a systemic change?”
“There’s only one way to verify the hypothesis,” Denver said, his playfulness replaced by a strategist’s focus. “You need to find her. If she is the only exception to your condition, then this woman isn't just a passerby, Ashton. She’s your catalyst for a normal life.”
A catalyst. Ashton hung up the phone, the word echoing in the quiet suite. He looked again at the space she had occupied—a ghost in his meticulously controlled world—and knew that the hunt for Joanna Lawrence had just become a matter of survival.
###5: Chapter 5: I Plan to Give Birth to This Child 5: Chapter 5: I Plan to Give Birth to This Child His world had been dark for twenty whole years, and he thought he had become accustomed to the darkness.
If he had never experienced light and warmth, he would continue to be accustomed to it.
But after being exposed to such beauty, he no longer wanted to return to the darkness.
If she really was his savior, this woman, he would have her no matter what.
*
Joanna Lawrence, dragging her exhausted body, walked out of the hotel.
As soon as she stepped out, she received a call from Annie Lawrence.
“Joanna,” from the other end of the phone, Annie’s voice was soft and gentle, “let’s talk.”
Joanna clenched her phone tightly, and after taking a deep breath, said coldly, “I have nothing to talk to you about.”
“Really?” Annie chuckled, “and if the matter has to do with Jeremy Lawrence, would you still not want to talk, Joanna?”
Jeremy Lawrence?
Joanna’s face suddenly changed, she gritted her teeth and said, “Annie, what do you mean?”
Annie Lawrence, however, did not respond directly, but laughed lightly, “Joanna, I’m waiting for you at Radiant Hotel.
No show, no breakup.”
*
When Joanna arrived at the restaurant, Annie was already sitting in the private room waiting for her.
Her face was adorned with exquisite makeup, she wore a tight little black dress that accentuated her figure, her hair was slightly curled, and when she raised her hand, there was a faint smell of perfume wafting from her.
Seeing Joanna, she smiled slightly, her voice gentle, “You’re here, Joanna?
Please sit down.”
Joanna stood by the table, her gaze cold as she looked at her.
Annie Lawrence didn’t seem to mind, and calmly and elegantly took out a check from her purse and placed it on the table.
“Joanna, here’s ten million dollars.
I believe this amount of money is enough for you to be worry-free for the rest of your life.”
She raised her head, her eyebrows and eyes containing a touch of arrogance and a sense of superiority, “I know Jeremy’s illness has been a big burden, and now you can only make money by doing minor roles in the film crew, which is quite tough.”
“With this money, both you and Jeremy can live a little easier.”
Joanna looked at the check on the table, her face expressionless.
“Joanna, let’s be straightforward and not beat around the bush.” Annie Lawrence flicked her lips, stroked her belly, and then said, “Last night, I guess you heard everything.
I’m pregnant with David’s child, and I intend to give birth to this child.”
“Before that, you’ll have to divorce David first.
Otherwise, my child with him would be illegitimate.”
“You know, David is about to take over the Benington Group, and he can’t afford any mistakes at this crucial moment.
So, I’d like you to take the initiative and go to the Benington family to propose the dissolution of your engagement.”
Listening to her say such shameless words, Joanna didn’t even feel particularly angry anymore.
Perhaps it was because all her emotions had already been vented last night.
Now, when she heard these words again, all she felt was ridicule and irony.
She mocked with a smirk, “Annie, does David know about what you’ve done?”
Last night, when Annie mentioned her pregnancy, David hadn’t seemed very happy.
Obviously, this child was an accident for him.
He was about to take over the Benington Group, and before that, he certainly wouldn’t make his relationship with Annie public.
After all, it wasn’t honorable, and it would affect his personal reputation.
David must not know about Annie approaching her privately.
As expected, Annie’s face immediately changed, her face showing a hint of anger, “Joanna, let go, David loves me.
He hasn’t loved you for a long time.
If it wasn’t for the engagement arranged by both families since childhood, do you think he would choose you?”
“Joanna, is it worth it to hold onto a man who doesn’t love you?”
###6: Chapter 6: Sorry, Joanna 6: Chapter 6: Sorry, Joanna Joanna Lawrence’s expression was indifferent.
Hearing her utter these shameless words, she became even more calm: “The matters between David Benington and me are not the business of a third party like you.”
Annie Lawrence’s face stiffened, and became darker.
She gritted her teeth: “So, you won’t propose to cancel the engagement voluntarily?”
Joanna laughed coldly: “If you’re talking to me just to discuss this, I’m not interested.”
Having said that, she turned around to leave.
“Stop!”
Annie stood up, grabbed Joanna’s hand: “Joanna Lawrence, how much money do you want to leave David?
If ten million dollars is not enough, how about fifteen million dollars?
Don’t be too greedy.
The price I’m offering is already enough…”
“Slap!”
Joanna couldn’t bear it any longer.
She turned around and slapped Annie.
Upon the slap landing, five bright red finger marks appeared on Annie’s sweet and innocent little face.
That slap left Annie stunned.
She covered her face, looking incredulous.
When she came to her senses, she raised her hand to slap back.
Her gaze suddenly caught a familiar figure outside the door, her face changed abruptly, and she quickly withdrew her hand, stumbling back two steps.
Before Joanna could react, she saw Annie looking terrified, as if she had been frightened, her face white as she screamed, “Joanna, I’m sorry, I know I’m wrong.
But I really can’t control my feelings.
I really love David.
Joanna, please forgive me, please don’t hurt my baby.”
She was about to fall to the ground.
With a “bang,” the door was pushed open by someone, and a tall figure rushed in: “Annie!”
The white figure swiftly passed in front of Joanna’s eyes and rushed to Annie’s side like lightning, tightly holding her.
“Annie, are you okay?”
The person who came in was David Benington.
Annie leaned weakly against him, raised her head, her eyes full of tears, and called out pitifully, “David.”
“I’m so scared.
Just now, our baby almost…”
As she spoke, her body began to tremble, and tears streamed down her pale face, “David, I know I’m wrong to Joanna.
I don’t dare to ask for her forgiveness.
It’s okay if she hits me or scolds me, it’s what I owe her.
But our baby is innocent, how can she…”
Annie, having just been slapped, still had a swollen face.
The finger marks hadn’t faded yet.
Her teary eyes were also red and swollen.
Her face still held an expression of fear, as if she had been badly frightened, and her fragile body trembled in his arms.
Seeing her like this, David became even more affectionate towards her.
When he looked at Joanna again, his eyes became darker, even containing deep disappointment and disgust, “Joanna, Annie’s baby is just over a month old, and this is the most unstable period.
Do you know the consequences of the push you just made if she had really fallen to the ground?”
“I thought you were always kind and gentle.
How can you become so vicious now!”
“I’m vicious?”
Joanna’s body swayed, unbelievingly looking at the man standing in front of her.
He wore a white shirt and white pants, his face handsome, with a gentle temperament, like a noble young master from a distinguished family.
She loved this face for many years.
But at this moment, seeing this face again, she felt an unprecedented sense of unfamiliarity.
She was his fiancee.
They knew each other for a whole decade!
But he chose to believe Annie right away.
After ten years of affection, was his trust in her just like this?
In his eyes, was she, Joanna, really a woman with a vicious heart?
Seeing him holding Annie protectively and looking at her with accusing and dark eyes, her heart cooled, her eyes full of mockery and disappointment, “David, have you forgotten who your fiancee is?
And who is the woman you’re holding in your arms?”
David was stunned for a few seconds.
His eyes met Joanna’s sarcastic and sad gaze, and his eyebrows tightened.
Finally, a hint of guilt appeared in his eyes, but he still held the woman in his arms tightly, “Sorry, Joanna.
Annie is pregnant with my child, and I must be responsible for her.”
###7: Chapter 7 As you wish, we will break off the engagement 7: Chapter 7 As you wish, we will break off the engagement “Ha.” Joanna Lawrence felt like she had heard the biggest joke in the world.
“You must take responsibility for her?
What about me?
David Benington, what am I to you?”
David tightened his lips, looking down at Annie in his arms, her face pale from fright and her body still trembling.
He tightened his arms, holding her securely against him.
Annie held onto him as well, looking extremely dependent on him, her soft, weak voice calling out, “David.”
David patted her head, then looked up at Joanna again.
After a long silence, he croaked, “Joanna, I’m sorry.
The one I love is Annie.
I can’t deceive myself, and I don’t want to deceive you.”
Hearing his apologies, Joanna’s heart grew colder and more disappointed than ever.
Now, she just wanted to laugh.
Because she thought all of it was just a joke.
Initially, he said he would share his life with her, never letting her down.
He insisted on fulfilling their marriage contract, saying he loved her and wanted to marry her to be his wife.
It was also him who said he would only love her in this lifetime.
But what about now?
What did all these mean?
He actually said he fell in love with Annie Lawrence.
Joanna’s lips curled up in a mocking smile, laughing out loud, but her eyes were filled with sorrow: “You said you fell in love with Annie Lawrence?”
David’s eyes flickered, full of guilt, and he couldn’t look her in the eyes anymore.
He lowered his gaze and said, “Yes.”
In his embrace, Annie turned her face, slowly curving her lips into a triumphant smile.
She mouthed something without making a sound, but Joanna understood her lip language.
She said: Sister, I’ve won again.
Joanna looked at the two embracing each other, and the disappointment and sorrow in her eyes gradually faded away.
A moment later, she nodded, “Alright, David.”
She looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar face before her, her eyes devoid of any emotion.
Coldly, she said word by word, “As you wish, we’ll break off our engagement.”
David suddenly looked up, “Joanna…”
“Shut up!”
Joanna gave him an icy glare, her eyes devoid of warmth.
“David Benington, from this moment on, let’s go our separate ways.
If we see each other in the future, we’ll be strangers!”
Facing her icy eyes, as if looking at a stranger, David’s heart inexplicably panicked.
It seemed… at this moment, he had lost something important.
An empty space emerged in his heart.
His heart ached dully.
Joanna didn’t look at him again and turned to walk out of the private room.
Her steps were resolute, with no trace of attachment.
David hadn’t had a chance to think about why his heart ached.
His body moved before his brain, and he started chasing after her.
“Joanna…”
“David!”
At this moment, Annie’s painful groan came from behind him, “My stomach suddenly hurts so bad…”
David’s face changed, and he quickly turned around and hurried to her side.
He held her, “Annie, what’s wrong?”
Annie covered her stomach with one hand, her brows furrowed, “My stomach suddenly feels uncomfortable, it hurts so much.
David, is there something wrong with our baby?”
Hearing that their baby might be in trouble, David’s attention was entirely focused on Annie.
He didn’t think about Joanna anymore.
Worried, he said, “No, there’s no way.
Annie, don’t think too much, our baby must be healthy.
I’ll take you to the hospital right away.”
Joanna reached the door.
Hearing the commotion, she paused her steps.
But then, she quickly went out the door.
*
Leaving the restaurant.
Joanna stood by the side of the street, looking at the bustling road, her mind a bit dazed.
Just a week ago, David had taken her to the Benington family.
Collin and Mrs.
Benington were discussing their wedding date and planning their marriage.
At that time, who could have imagined that she and David would break up so soon?
Betrayed by her childhood sweetheart, and the one he cheated with was her stepsister, Joanna felt that her life was so messed up, so dramatic!
She thought, even if any man could be snatched away by Annie, that person wouldn’t be David.
However…
Only now did she realize how naive and ridiculous her thoughts were.
Reality had slapped her in the face, waking her up completely.
Her phone suddenly rang, it was a call from the hospital.
She quickly picked up.
“Hello.”
Just saying one word, her face turned pale instantly.
###8: Chapter 8 Ashton, Are You Looking for Me?
8: Chapter 8 Ashton, Are You Looking for Me?
*
After getting out of the taxi, Joanna Lawrence rushed towards the hospital.
She was running so fast and so anxiously that she almost tripped and fell on the ground when climbing the hospital stairs.
Not far away, a driver in a parked black Rolls-Royce saw her hurriedly running into the hospital.
After thinking for a moment, he picked up the phone and made a call.
After the call, the driver respectfully said, “President Heath.”
“What is it?” On the other end of the phone, a man’s voice was deep, cold, full of texture, like the sound of a low-pitched cello.
“Per your instructions, I’ve been following the young lady, and it seems something has happened at her place.
She just took a taxi to the hospital.
Her face doesn’t look good, and she seems very anxious.
Do you want me to notify our acquaintances at the hospital?”
Normally, the driver wouldn’t dare to meddle in such matters.
This was the first time President Heath asked him to follow someone, and it was a woman nonetheless.
Moreover, this woman had come out of President Heath’s room just this morning!
Based on this alone, she had a unique significance to President Heath.
Prior to this, there hadn’t even been a shadow of a woman around him!
The man on the other end was silent for a few seconds before saying, “You go over and check.”
“Yes, President Heath.”
*
At the hospital, outside the Emergency Room.
When Joanna arrived, Jeremy was still being treated inside.
She waited outside in despair for over an hour before the tightly closed doors of the Operating Room finally opened.
Doctors came out one after another.
Joanna quickly walked over and anxiously asked the first doctor who came out, “Doctor, how’s my brother?”
Taking off his mask, the doctor said, “The patient’s vital signs have stabilized, and there’s no immediate risk to his life.”
Tears streamed down Joanna’s face, “So my brother is safe now, right?”
“That’s correct.”
“Thank you, doctor, thank you!” Joanna was overjoyed, tears falling onto her pale cheeks one by one.
*
Sinovision International.
CEO’s Office.
“President Heath, here are the details about the young lady who entered your room last night.” Cody Aberton, the CEO’s assistant, placed the newly-investigated information on the desk and respectfully moved aside.
A man was sitting in front of the black desk.
The man was wearing a black dress shirt, the buttons at the cuffs and collar were undone.
The buttons on his chest were unbuttoned, revealing an exquisite, sexy collarbone.
Further down, one could catch a glimpse of even more alluring chest muscles.
He lowered his head, flipping through the files Cody had just given him.
From this angle, his divinely handsome face still had deep, charming contours, whether it was his high, three-dimensional nose bridge, or his tightly pressed thin, seductive lips.
Every part of his face was top-notch, absolutely captivating.
His hanging eyelashes were long, thick, and curled, an effect many women couldn’t achieve even with multiple coats of mascara.
Cody stole a glance at his boss and involuntarily swallowed his saliva.
Even as a man himself, he was sometimes stunned by his boss’s beauty.
A moment later.
The man finished reading the file and looked up.
His incredibly handsome face had a very mild expression, and his eyes were cold and detached.
“Ashton, you were looking for me.”
At this point, the office door was pushed open, and another man walked in.
###9: Chapter 9: I swear, everything I say is true.
9: Chapter 9: I swear, everything I say is true.
The man who walked in was wearing a pink shirt, with his hair done in the currently trendy dirty braids, and a pair of gleaming black diamond earrings adorned his ears.
There was a flicker of nervousness on his strikingly handsome face, looking extremely uneasy.
He took a few steps inside and balked when he was about to move forward.
He stood slightly forward with his head bowed, about five or six meters away from Ashton Heath.
With his hands folded in front of him, he stood like a young schoolboy waiting for his teacher to scold him, “Ashton, I was wrong.
I was blinded by my greed last night and committed such an outrageous act!
Ashton, you can hit or yell at me, but please, don’t send me back to the old man.”
Ashton Heath lifted his head, uttering a silent cold laugh, “Grady, you’ve got quite a nerve!
For what you did last night, a good beating would be letting you off easy.
You deserve to die a hundred times over!”
“Ashton, I really know I was wrong!” Yannick Luther’s handsome face was pale with fear.
He walked over to Ashton Heath, suddenly threw himself to the ground, clutched his thigh and broke down, “Ashton, I won’t dare to do it again.
Let bygones be bygones, forgive me just this once!
Plus, you didn’t lose your chastity last night after all…”
Ashton Heath glanced at him distastefully and kicked him away, “Grady, you better come clean about every last detail of what happened last night.
Otherwise, I’ll make sure you leave the way you came in – but horizontally this time.”
Yannick Luther trembled with fear.
He continued to sob uncontrollably, then he confessed everything while sobbing and sniffling.
After finishing, he pleaded: “Ashton, in consideration of the beauty who had a car accident, forgive me just this once.
I swear, I’ll never do this again.”
Ashton Heath’s expression changed suddenly, his eyes revealing a flicker of surprise, “You said, she had a car accident?”
“YesYesYes.” Yannick Luther would have happily revealed everything about his ancestry now, “She’s still in the hospital.”
Despite Ashton Heath’s seemingly calm exterior, turmoil raged within him.
Grady probably wouldn’t have the nerve to lie anymore.
So, if the woman they had arranged got into a car accident, then who was the one who appeared in his room and tangled with him all night?
His brows furrowed deeply.
Upon seeing this, Yannick Luther was terrified and began sobbing once again, “Ashton, Ashton, I’ve confessed everything.
I swear, every word was true, not a single lie!”
Ashton Heath cast his gaze downward, staring intently at him for a moment, then he kicked him in the leg and said, “Get lost.”
Yannick Luther scrambled up from the ground as if he had escaped death, turned around, and fled at top speed, “Ok!
Ok!
Ashton, I’m leaving right away.”
Before the blink of an eye, his figure had disappeared without a trace.
Cody Aberton: “…”
He didn’t know that Yannick Luther was so timid, yet dared to plot against President Ashton last night.
But, from what Yannick just said, it seemed the woman who went into President Ashton’s room last night was not someone they had arranged, but an outsider?
As he was mulling over this, a chill, deep voice resounded in his ears.
“Find out who the woman in my room was last night.”
“Yes, President Ashton.”
*
Hospital.
Jeremy Lawrence awoke.
Joanna Lawrence was holding his hand, looking at his pale, wan face and said with concern, “Jeremy, how do you feel?
Shall I have the doctor come over and take a look at you?”
“Joanna, I’m fine now.”
###10: Chapter 10: Hurry up and take Mr.
Lawrence to the VIP ward 10: Chapter 10: Hurry up and take Mr.
Lawrence to the VIP ward Jeremy’s voice was hoarse, and he struggled to speak: “You don’t need to worry about me.”
Joanna bit her lips tightly.
How could she not worry?
Jeremy was now the only family member she cared about in this world.
Everything was fine before.
But during Jeremy’s twelfth-grade sports day, he suddenly fainted while running.
Then, it was discovered that he had Congenital Heart Disease.
This illness was very dangerous once it flared up.
Today, he went into shock, and barely survived.
Seeing her worry, Jeremy’s pale lips curled into a faint smile.
He patted her hand, feigning relaxedness: “I’m really fine, you see, I’m doing well right now, aren’t I?”
“Jeremy, you…”
Joanna’s eyes reddened, just as she wanted to say something, the door of the hospital room was pushed open.
A group of doctors and nurses entered the room.
Joanna recognized the man leading them as the Deputy Hospital Director.
She looked at the people coming in, hesitated, and furrowed her eyebrows slightly: “You…”
“Ms.
Joanna, we’re here to transfer Mr.
Lawrence to another room.”
The Deputy Hospital Director was very polite, even respectful.
Joanna was startled again, her heart clenched and her face changed color: “Change rooms?
To where?”
Apparently, the Lawrence family already knew about her break-up with David Benington.
Benjamin had always been reluctant to treat Jeremy, thinking Jeremy’s disease was incurable and that spending so much money to live in the hospital was a waste.
But he hesitated because she was engaged to David Benington and didn’t want to make things too embarrassing.
Now that she and David Benington had broken up, there was no need to worry about appearances anymore.
Yes, how realistic indeed.
Joanna felt both furious and sad.
Sometimes, she really doubted whether she and Jeremy were picked up from the street and Annie was Benjamin’s real daughter.
With a courteous tone, the Deputy Hospital Director said, “I’m sorry that Mr.
Lawrence had to stay here before.
We’ll move him to the VIP ward right away and arrange the most professional medical team to treat him.”
As soon as he finished speaking, the Deputy Hospital Director started commanding: “Transfer Mr.
Lawrence to the VIP ward immediately.”
Joanna didn’t expect this at all.
She widened her eyes in surprise and stared at the Deputy Hospital Director blankly.
Lying in the hospital bed, Jeremy also had a puzzled look on his face.
He whispered, “Joanna, what’s going on?”
Joanna blinked her eyes and looked confused: “I have no idea…”
*
The conditions of the VIP ward were much better than those of the regular ward.
Not only was it one room per person, but it was also a one-bedroom apartment-style hospital room.
There were bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, and a bathroom, all fully equipped.
Outside the window was a vast, visually pleasing green landscape.
Instead of the pungent smell of disinfectant, a pleasant, faint floral scent filled the room.
“Ms.
Joanna, Mr.
Lawrence, are you satisfied with the room?” the Deputy Hospital Director bowed and respectfully asked.
“If there’s anything unsatisfactory, we’ll make adjustments right away.”
Joanna: “…Very satisfied, thank you!”
The Deputy Hospital Director seemed relieved: “That’s good, we won’t disturb your rest any further.
If you need anything, just press the service bell, and someone will be here to assist you.”
###11: Chapter 11 This is…
the Dean?!
11: Chapter 11 This is…
the Dean?!
When the Deputy Hospital Director and a group of doctors and nurses left, Jeremy Lawrence looked around, amazed.
“Joanna, why have they moved me to such a nice room?
Did Ashton arrange this?”
Jeremy did not yet know that Joanna Lawrence and David Benington had broken up.
“It wasn’t him.”
Joanna frowned in confusion, also unclear about the situation.
David had already broken up with her, he couldn’t possibly be this kind-hearted.
It was even less likely for Benjamin.
This VIP ward seemed very high-end, staying here without doing anything would cost a significant amount of money.
No one from the Lawrence family would be willing to pay this much.
Then who could it be?
Who was so kind-hearted that they would help the two of them out of the blue?
Joanna was baffled with this thought.
“Knock, knock, knock!”
A knock on the door suddenly interrupted her thoughts.
Joanna went to answer the door.
Outside stood a young nurse, who smiled and said, “Ms.
Joanna, our Dean would like to discuss your brother’s condition with you.
Please come with me.”
Joanna was taken aback, surprise evident in her eyes, “The Dean wants to see me?”
“Yes.”
*
Dean’s Office.
The young nurse led her to the door and knocked gently.
The office door wasn’t fully closed, half concealed.
A pleasant and young voice came from inside, “Come in.”
Joanna was startled by the unexpectedly youthful voice.
She gently pushed open the door.
As she walked in, she saw a young man sitting at the desk, who looked to be around 25 years old, with a handsome and mild face, wearing a pair of gold-rimmed glasses, the epitome of a refined noble young man.
Was this…
the Dean?!
Joanna was visibly surprised and taken aback.
The Dean was that young?
She had initially assumed that he would be at least in his fifties or sixties.
“Ms.
Joanna, hello.
Please have a seat.”
While Joanna was looking at Denver Lancaster with a surprise on her face, Denver Lancaster also looked up to appraise her with interest.
Is this the young girl who once had a fling with Ashton Heath?
He had to admit, even with her plain looks, she was a beauty.
Looking at the girl in her twenties, she had very delicate features and her skin was fair and radiant.
Even to him, who had seen many beautiful women, she was quite impressive.
After appraising her for a moment, he said with a smile, “Ms.
Joanna, don’t be nervous.
We’re all young, just treat me as a friend.”
His smile made Joanna feel a bit more relaxed.
She nodded, also smiling, and sat down.
“Dean, I heard you wanted to talk about my brother’s condition?” Joanna asked directly, “Has there been a change in Jeremy’s condition?”
Denver Lancaster picked up the coffee on the table and took a sip, “There has been some change.”
Joanna immediately became nervous, “I don’t know…”
“Your brother’s disease should be treated as soon as possible.
Because of this bout of illness, he has actually missed the best time for surgery.”
Joanna’s face changed instantly and her voice trembled, “What do you mean by missing the best time for surgery?
Does it mean he can’t have surgery in the future?”
“It’s not that he can’t have surgery, but the post-operative effects won’t be as good.
Ms.
Joanna, your brother’s surgery can’t be delayed anymore.”
“I know…” Joanna clenched her fist, “I, I will find a way for him to have surgery as soon as possible.
Only, you said that if he has surgery now, the post-operative effects won’t be too good…”
###12: Chapter 12: President Ashton Won’t Meet You Without An Appointment 12: Chapter 12: President Ashton Won’t Meet You Without An Appointment “It depends on who performs the surgery.” Denver Lancaster casually mentioned, “I know someone who is very good at this type of surgery.
If he could be convinced to help, your brother’s cure rate could be as high as ninety percent.
But…”
A cure rate as high as ninety percent?
Joanna Lawrence’s sinking heart suddenly ignited with hope, and she immediately asked, “But what?
Dean, is this person you know a doctor at this hospital?”
“No.” Denver Lancaster shook his head, “He’s a businessman and hasn’t practiced medicine for many years.
That’s why I said he might not be willing to help.”
The glimmer of hope that had just ignited in her heart sank down once more.
He hasn’t practiced medicine for many years?
Would he still perform surgery on Jeremy Lawrence?
But…
Even if there was only a one percent chance, she could not give up.
Jeremy was the only person she cared about in this world.
No matter what it took, she had to fight for him.
“Dean, could you give me that person’s contact information?” After a moment of contemplation, Joanna looked at Denver Lancaster with a mix of pleading, apprehension, and anxiety in her eyes, “I would like to talk to him.”
A glint of cunning flashed quickly in Denver Lancaster’s eyes, but he feigned a troubled expression on his face.
After a few seconds of silence, he nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll give you his contact information and address.
However, when you meet him, don’t let him know that it was me who sent you to find him.”
A look of joy appeared on Joanna’s face: “Thank you, Dean!”
*
Heath Group.
Looking at the towering skyscraper before her, Joanna stood outside the revolving glass door, feeling a bit timid for a moment.
But thinking of Jeremy, she gathered her courage.
She took a deep breath and stepped inside.
As soon as she approached the receptionists, she was stopped.
Both receptionists were very attractive women with great figures.
They wore exquisite makeup and adorned themselves with luxurious brand jewelry.
At first glance, they seemed like wealthy young ladies.
One of the receptionists saw that Joanna was very beautiful, and a hint of hostility arose in her heart.
Noticing that Joanna was dressed modestly, she spoke even more arrogantly, “Miss, you need to register if you’re looking for someone.
Who are you looking for?”
Joanna hesitated for a moment before mentioning the name Denver Lancaster had given her, “Hello, I’m looking for Ashton Heath, is he available?”
As soon as she finished speaking, she heard two sharp intakes of breath.
The already hostile receptionist glared at her even more, practically staring her down, “Who are you?
How dare you directly address President Ashton by his name.
You need to make an appointment to see President Ashton, do you have one?”
President Ashton?
Joanna was momentarily stunned.
Was this man named Ashton Heath one of the senior executives at this company?
Judging by the reaction of these receptionists, his position must not be low.
She replied truthfully, “I don’t have an appointment.”
“Hmph.” The receptionist sneered disdainfully when she heard that Joanna didn’t have an appointment, “President Ashton isn’t someone anyone can just meet.
Without an appointment, do you really think you can see President Ashton?
These days, some women have incredibly thick skin, thinking that they can cling to influential men just because of their looks.
Can you casually imagine getting close to President Ashton?”
Joanna frowned slightly upon hearing this.
She patiently tried to explain, “I think you’ve misunderstood me.
I don’t want to…”
Before she could finish speaking, the receptionist interrupted impatiently, “We’re not interested in hearing what you think.
In any case, without an appointment, President Ashton won’t meet you.
You can leave now.”
###13: Chapter 13: I’ve Never Seen Such a Shameless Person 13: Chapter 13: I’ve Never Seen Such a Shameless Person Joanna Lawrence originally thought that Ashton Heath was just an ordinary employee.
However, she didn’t expect that seeing him would be so difficult.
Since she had already come here, she definitely wouldn’t leave without meeting him.
She didn’t say anything to the receptionists, and seeing that there was a lounge area nearby, she went there to sit and waited for Ashton Heath to get off work.
Seeing that she had no intention of leaving, the two female receptionists sneered and mocked her.
“Talk about thick-skinned.
She’s just squatting here, unwilling to leave.”
“President Ashton is pure-hearted and indifferent to women.
Even if she’s somewhat attractive, President Ashton would never be interested in this kind of woman.”
*
Cody Aberton came downstairs to run an errand.
As he passed by the reception area, one of the receptionists stopped him.
“Cody, a shabby-looking woman has come claiming to see President Ashton.
We told her that without an appointment, President Ashton won’t see her, but she still refuses to leave.
She’s been sitting in the lounge for two hours.
We’re concerned that this might affect the company’s image.
Should we have someone drive her out?”
As the female receptionist spoke, she glanced over at Joanna Lawrence.
Her eyes were full of jealousy.
The woman had a siren-like face, even though she appeared shabby.
It was extremely displeasing to her.
“Someone’s looking for President Ashton?”
Cody curiously glanced towards the lounge area and, when his gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence, he hesitated for a moment.
Afterward, his eyes filled with surprise.
Wasn’t this woman …
the Ms.
Joanna whom President Ashton asked him to investigate earlier?
Why was she here?
The receptionist saw the change in Cody’s expression and thought it was because he was also unhappy about Joanna squatting there, so her tone became even more disdainful: “I’ve never seen someone so shameless.”
Cody looked for a few seconds, then walked towards the lounge area.
He took out his phone and made a call.
Upon connecting, he respectfully said, “President Ashton, that Ms.
Joanna has come to the company, saying she wants to see you.”
There was a deep, cold voice from the phone: “Which Ms.
Joanna?”
“Joanna Lawrence.”
“Her?” Ashton Heath seemed somewhat surprised.
“Yes, President Ashton.
Do you want to see her?
I heard she’s been waiting for two hours.”
After a few seconds of silence.
“Bring her up.”
“Yes, President Ashton.”
After hanging up, Cody walked up to Joanna Lawrence.
He politely called out: “Ms.
Joanna.”
Joanna raised her head and saw a refined and handsome man in a suit standing in front of her.
She hesitated: “You are…
”
Cody said: “I am President Ashton’s assistant.
I just heard that Ms.
Joanna wants to see our President Ashton?”
Joanna Lawrence stood up immediately: “Yes, I want to talk to Ashton Heath…
No, I mean, President Ashton about something.
Can you take me to see him?”
Her eyes were pleading, as if she was afraid he would refuse and quickly added, “I only need ten minutes, no, five minutes.
I won’t take up much of his time.”
Cody nodded and smiled: “President Ashton has agreed to see you.
Please follow me, Ms.
Joanna.”
*
Upon seeing Joanna being led by Cody into the elevator, the faces of the two receptionists, who had been arrogantly laughing earlier, changed instantly.
“What’s going on?
Weren’t we going to drive her away?”
“Cody is actually taking her upstairs?
Could it be that she really knows President Ashton?”
The two thought of a thousand possibilities, and their expressions turned sour.
*
The elevator went directly to the 37th floor.
At the entrance of the president’s office, Cody knocked on the door.
Joanna heard a deep, cold voice from inside, magnetic and full of authority.
###14: Chapter 14: I Would Like to Ask You for a Favor 14: Chapter 14: I Would Like to Ask You for a Favor Just listening to that voice made people feel that the person inside was not easy to approach.
She followed Cody Aberton into the office nervously.
“President Ashton, Ms.
Joanna is here.”
After Cody Aberton said this, he turned and left.
The door was gently closed again.
For a moment, the spacious office was left with only Joanna Lawrence and the man sitting at the desk, engrossed in his papers.
This was an office filled with masculinity; most of the furniture was black or gray.
The colors were monotonous and somewhat depressing.
Only a few potted plants slightly alleviated the dull color scheme of the room.
That man immersed in the black desk…
Joanna Lawrence glanced at him, secretly, and felt the powerful aura around him.
He seemed to have a good figure, wearing a black shirt.
As he was bowing his head, she can only see an approximate outline.
But she could still discern that his features were very deep and three-dimensional.
While her gaze continued to linger on him, the man suddenly looked up.
Joanna Lawrence met a pair of deep, cold eyes.
She was startled, her heartbeat skipped two beats as her eyes fell on his beautiful, deep face.
She had never seen such a good-looking man before.
His face, as if sculpted by a divine hand, every part and line of it was perfect, with no flaws to be found.
He had pronounced features, deep eyes, a high-bridge nose, and sexy, enchanting thin lips.
His bearing was inimitably noble, and he exuded an icy aura.
There was not much expression on his face, and his eyebrows and eyes were cold.
Even from a distance, Joanna could feel the chill emanating from him.
When the cold, star-like eyes looked her way, her breathing halted for several seconds.
She stared at him blankly, her mind going completely blank.
Until a cold, magnetic voice rang in her ears: “Ms.
Joanna.”
Joanna Lawrence regained her senses.
Thinking about how she was just staring at him like a fool, her face became hot, she bit her lip nervously, “Hello, Mr.
Ashton.”
“I wonder what’s the matter with Ms.
Joanna looking for me?”
Joanna Lawrence seemed to return to her senses.
Upon hearing his question, she was reminded of the purpose for today’s visit.
She suppressed the unusual emotions in her heart, regathered her thoughts, and said, “Mr.
Ashton, I want to ask you for a favor.”
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows.
Joanna Lawrence knew that it was strange for her to suddenly ask a stranger for help, but for Jeremy Lawrence’s sake, she had no choice but to disregard that.
After a few seconds of silence, she said: “My younger brother has heart disease and needs surgery immediately.
I heard Mr.
Ashton used to be an authority in the field.
I hope…I hope…”
“You hope that I can perform the surgery for your brother?” Seeing her flushed face, Ashton Heath spoke the words following those that were difficult for her to say.
“Yes.” Joanna Lawrence exhaled, looking at him with pleading eyes, “Please, Mr.
Ashton, help my brother.
He’s only nineteen, still very young…”
###15: Chapter 15: I Want a Wife 15: Chapter 15: I Want a Wife Ashton Heath raised his hand, interrupting her.
“Ms.
Joanna, since you’ve come to find me, you should know that I haven’t been practicing medicine for many years.”
“I know,” Joanna Lawrence nodded, “But I believe Mr.
Ashton is a good person and won’t stand idly by as someone dies.”
“Good person?”
Ashton Heath seemed to have heard something amusing and grinned.
He put down a file in his hand, stood up, and slowly walked towards Joanna Lawrence.
He stopped in front of her.
It was then that Joanna noticed that this man had an excellent figure, very tall, around 188 cm.
Since she was 168 cm, not considered short among women, she barely reached his neck when standing in front of him.
She had to look up to see him.
Too close.
The man’s refreshing and pleasant scent rushed into her nostrils.
His whole body exuded alluring male hormones.
After briefly exchanging glances with him, Joanna’s face reddened, and her heart raced.
She couldn’t help but take a step back.
Her face flushed, biting her lip, she said, “Mr.
Ashton…”
“Ms.
Joanna, I’m a businessman,” Ashton Heath looked down at her, his thin lips slightly raised, “Let’s talk business.
Since you want me to help you, what kind of benefits are you prepared to offer me?”
Joanna Lawrence paused.
Benefits?
What could she possibly offer someone who seemed to have it all?
“Mr.
Ashton, I don’t know what you want…”
Ashton Heath looked at her delicate face and said word by word, with a hint of determination, “If I say I want a wife, are you willing to give me one, Ms.
Joanna?”
“What?!” Joanna raised her head in shock.
Ashton Heath’s expression remained calm.
He said flatly, “There’s no such thing as a free lunch in this world.
Ms.
Joanna, I can agree to your request and help your brother with the surgery.
But the condition is that you marry me.”
This time, Joanna Lawrence was sure she hadn’t misheard.
She was utterly astonished.
No matter what, she didn’t expect his request to be for her to marry him.
That was just…absurd.
She couldn’t believe it: “Mr.
Ashton, are you serious?”
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows and asked, “Do you think I’m joking?”
“Why?”
With his conditions, couldn’t he find a wife?
Why would he want a woman he was meeting for the first time to marry him?
Or was it that he had some unspeakable secret?
Her gaze couldn’t help but drift downward.
Ashton Heath noticed and guessed what she was thinking.
His eyebrows furrowed, and his face darkened a bit.
He reached out with both amusement and annoyance to tug her closer.
“Ah!” Joanna bumped her head into his chest, her head colliding with his warm, solid chest.
It felt like hitting a rock, causing her nose to turn red.
Before she could react, her hand was being guided downward by his.
From above, his sexy, deep voice carried a hint of playfulness, “Ms.
Joanna doesn’t have to worry about being a widow after marriage.
You can test me now to see if I’m normal.”
Joanna’s face turned bright red with embarrassment as she clumsily pushed him away.
“Mr.
Ashton, please, show some restraint!”
She never thought this seemingly cold and ascetic man would act like a hooligan towards her.
Ashton Heath looked at her blushing face, and his eyes deepened even further.
It seemed she loved to blush.
It was the same last night when she cried and begged him for mercy, her snow-white skin tinted with enticing pink.
###16: Chapter 16: Giving You All the Love and Pampering You Desire 16: Chapter 16: Giving You All the Love and Pampering You Desire Recalling last night’s events, the look in his eyes became scorching as he watched her.
As Joanna Lawrence met his gaze, her heart rate sped up, and she felt a sudden panic.
Desire and possessiveness filled the man’s eyes as if she was already his prey.
She even had the illusion that he had everything under control and knew she would come to beg him today.
“Mr.
Ashton.”
She bit her lip, hesitated for a moment, and then looked at him: “Aside from marrying you, I can agree to any other demands…”
Before she could finish her sentence, he interrupted coldly, “Then we have nothing more to talk about.
You can leave.”
Joanna clenched her fists.
She remained standing motionless.
Ashton Heath didn’t force her to leave either.
Both were silent.
After a moment, Joanna took a deep breath, her voice trembling: “If I marry you, will you have the surgery for Jeremy?”
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes: “You agree?”
Joanna smiled bitterly: “Isn’t that what Mr.
Ashton wants?
As long as you can cure Jeremy, I…
I’m willing to marry you.”
Seeing her face filled with bitterness and helplessness, Ashton’s eyebrows furrowed, his expression displeased.
He walked towards her.
Stretching out his hands, he gently pressed them on her frail shoulders.
His deep black eyes showed an uncharacteristic seriousness, each word like a guarantee and a promise: “Marry me, and I promise you won’t regret it.
I’ll do everything I can to give you all the love and pampering you desire.
From now on, we share both honor and disgrace.”
*
Obtaining the marriage certificate was quick.
At the Civil Affairs Bureau, someone was already waiting outside to receive them.
With the dedicated service, their marriage certificate was ready within minutes.
As they left the Civil Affairs Bureau,
Joanna stared at the red booklet in her hand, feeling utterly dazed.
It was as if she were dreaming.
Had she really…
married just like that?
The event she had fantasized about and looked forward to a million times was completed under such circumstances.
*
Once in the car,
Joanna still appeared as if she were in a dream, her face dazed.
At her side, her newlywed husband, Ashton Heath, turned his head and glanced at her: “Joanna, don’t act like you’ve been wronged.
You married a handsome and rich husband who will pamper you in every way; you’re not at a loss.”
Although it was clear that he had deliberately orchestrated this marriage, seeing her distraught expression still made him feel uncomfortable.
Joanna listened to his words and turned her head.
His side profile was also extremely handsome, his eyes half-closed, and the top buttons of his high-quality black shirt undone, revealing a sexy collarbone.
Against the light, his handsome features appeared even more profound and three-dimensional, with his Adam’s apple exuding sexiness amid the strong air of abstinence.
Undeniably, he was very good-looking.
And, he was very rich.
At first, she thought he was one of Heath Group’s senior executives.
However, only now did she realize that his status was far more prestigious than she had imagined.
He was the President of the Heath Group, and the sole heir to the top wealthy family, the Heath.
The Benington family could also be considered among the noble families of Closia, but ten Benington families could not compare to the Heath family.
ively speaking, it was she who had taken advantage in this marriage.
The disparity between them was vast, and they should have been two completely separate social classes.
He should have looked for a well-bred lady of equal social and economic status as a wife, not an ordinary person like her, whose family’s status had waned.
Thinking of this, Joanna pursed her lips and said nothing.
“Mr.
Ashton, Ms.
Joanna.
Are we heading back to the company now?”
###17: Chapter 17: Let’s go, I’ll meet my brother-in-law.
17: Chapter 17: Let’s go, I’ll meet my brother-in-law.
The driver had already changed his address to her, no longer referring to her as Ms.
Joanna.
“Are you going to the hospital to see your brother?” Ashton Heath’s cold gaze fell on her face.
“Yes.” Joanna Lawrence nodded.
Ashton Heath then said, “Let’s go to the hospital first.”
Joanna hesitated and quickly said, “I’ll just take a cab by myself.”
She knew he was very busy.
When they left Heath Group just now, there was a huge stack of documents piled up on his desk.
Although the two were now husband and wife, they were not together because they loved each other.
Joanna didn’t really see him as a real husband, so she didn’t want to bother him too much.
Ashton Heath ignored her and directly said to the driver, “To the hospital.”
With his insistence, Joanna couldn’t refuse anymore.
She was silent for a few seconds, pursed her lips, and then whispered, “Thank you.”
As soon as the words fell, Ashton Heath’s deep, black eyes enveloped her, his eyebrows knitted as if he wasn’t very happy, “Do you need to be so polite with your own husband?
Joanna Lawrence, I don’t care if you’re not used to our relationship yet, but from now on, I don’t want to hear these two words from you.”
When he said this, the air pressure around him was very low.
The space in the car seemed to become cramped.
Joanna felt a bit suffocated under the strong aura.
She swallowed her saliva and unconsciously shrank back, replying in a low voice, “Got it.”
It seemed that she suddenly realized that her rich and handsome husband had a bad temper.
Indeed, nobody’s perfect.
*
They arrived at the hospital.
The driver got out of the car, opened the back seat door and stood respectfully to the side.
Joanna thought Ashton was only dropping her off.
She grabbed her bag, got out of the car, and waved to the man inside the car, “Well, I’m leaving.
You, you, be careful on the road.”
Right now, she really wasn’t used to their relationship.
Just a moment ago, they were strangers who didn’t know each other.
Now, this man had become her husband.
She spoke and then turned to leave.
But she heard a cold magnetic voice behind her, “What’s the hurry, who told you I’m going back to the company?”
“?”
Joanna turned around.
Ashton Heath also got out of the car, and he was walking towards her while fixing the buttons on his cufflinks.
“You…” She was stunned.
Ashton Heath walked to her side.
With an outstretched long arm, he embraced her into his arms.
Surrounded by the warm and seductive scent of the man and his scorching hand holding her waist, Joanna’s face instantly turned red.
Just as she was about to push him away, she heard him say coldly, “Joanna Lawrence, when you married me, I didn’t mean for us to be fake husband and wife.
Now that we’re married, I should meet your family members.”
Joanna’s body stiffened for a moment.
Of course, she knew that.
Before they went to register for marriage, he had said that he wanted to be a real husband and wife with her.
So any physical contact was normal.
She…shouldn’t push him away.
She remained stiff in his embrace for a few seconds without struggling.
Finally, Ashton was satisfied and smirked.
The hand around her waist tightened slightly, “Let’s go, I’ll meet my brother-in-law.”
Hearing him use the term “brother-in-law,” Joanna stiffened again.
He held her as they walked into the hospital entrance.
Wait, I have something to say,”
Joanna tugged on his sleeve and stopped.
Ashton Heath stopped as well.
###18: Chapter 18: From now on, you can only think of me in your heart.
18: Chapter 18: From now on, you can only think of me in your heart.
He lowered his head, furrowing his eyebrows as he looked at her: “What else do you want?”
She bit the corner of her lips, momentarily silent, as if deep in thought.
After a moment, she spoke in a negotiating tone: “Can we keep our marriage secret for now?”
As soon as she finished speaking, she felt the pressure around the man drop once again.
Joanna Lawrence swallowed, not daring to look up at him.
“Jeremy doesn’t know yet that I broke up with my ex-boyfriend.
If I suddenly tell him I’m married to you, he’ll be shocked.”
That was only part of her concern.
On the other hand, Joanna felt that her marriage to Ashton Heath wouldn’t last long.
Perhaps it was just a whimsical decision on his part.
Maybe, after a while, if he finds it meaningless, he’ll divorce her.
If it were anyone else, she wouldn’t care whether or not people knew she was married.
But Jeremy Lawrence…
He was the one she cared about the most.
Young girls can’t hide their feelings.
Ashton Heath immediately sensed what she was thinking.
A layer of gloom covered his handsome face, a chill exuding from him: “You mean, you want to have a secret marriage with me?”
He, Ashton Heath, had never been treated this way before.
Any other women who had a slight connection with him would eagerly announce it to the world.
But this woman in front of him…
Was she so afraid of people knowing about their relationship because she was still thinking about someone else?
Was she still thinking about her ex-fiance?
Thinking this, Ashton’s face turned even more gloomy, his gaze so cold it was almost freezing.
“I…” Joanna looked into his gloomy eyes, and was somewhat scared speechless.
“Joanna.”
The man’s lean, cool fingers gripped her chin, his gaze sharp, each word punctuated: “You are my woman.
From now on, you can only think of me.
I don’t plan to have a secret marriage with you, not now, not ever.”
His fingers tightened slightly, his tone domineering: “And you aren’t allowed to think otherwise, understood?”
His eyes were filled with possessiveness.
The look he gave her was that of a predator eyeing its prey.
This prey belonged to him alone,
And no one else was allowed to touch it.
Joanna was a bit frightened.
this was the first time she had encountered a man so dominating and assertive.
It seemed like he might devour her at any moment.
*
Outside the hospital room.
While Joanna was still hesitating, Ashton had already stretched out his hand to push open the door, embracing her as they stepped inside.
Jeremy was holding a book, reading.
Upon hearing the noise, he looked up.
Seeing his sister walk in embraced by a tall, handsome man with an elegant demeanor, Jeremy was startled, the book in his hands falling to the floor.
Staring in shock, he exclaimed, “Joanna, you…”
Jeremy had also grown up with David Benington and Joanna.
The three of them were very close.
Because of this, Jeremy knew from a young age that his sister was expected to marry David, the elder of the Benington family.
David had always treated him well, and Jeremy was quite pleased with his future brother-in-law.
To him, David was already his brother-in-law.
Seeing another man acting so intimately with Joanna, Jeremy could hardly believe his eyes.
“Who…
who is this?
Joanna, you…?”
“Jeremy, this is…”
Just as Joanna was hesitating how to introduce him, Ashton, still holding onto her, stepped towards the bed.
Looking down at the evidently shocked Jeremy, he simply stated: “I’m your sister’s husband.”
###19: Chapter 19: His sister Joanna…Could it be that she is cheating!?
19: Chapter 19: His sister Joanna…Could it be that she is cheating!?
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
She twitched the corners of her mouth, not daring to imagine Jeremy Lawrence’s reaction.
“Wha, what?” Jeremy stared, his eyes almost popping out, “You’re my brother-in-law?”
He looked frantic and lost, turning to Joanna like a child lost at a crossroads: “Joanna, what’s going on?
Wasn’t David my brother-in-law?
How did it change to someone else?”
Ashton Heath’s face darkened when he heard David Benington’s name mentioned.
Once he wore a gloomy expression, his aura became extremely intimidating.
Jeremy was frightened and shivered immediately.
Joanna was most concerned about him, seeing him in such a state, she glared at Ashton Heath: “Why are you scaring Jeremy?
He’s still a patient.
What will you do if you frighten him?”
By now, she wasn’t so terrified of Ashton Heath anymore.
Ashton Heath looked at her protective posture, unimpressed: “As a boy, should you pamper him with such a timid nature?”
“You’re the one who’s too terrifying,” Joanna, in “protective mode,” retorted bravely, “Jeremy isn’t usually this timid.”
Hospital bed.
Jeremy slowly regained his senses from the shock.
He looked at Joanna and then at Ashton Heath standing next to her, still finding it difficult to accept the truth: “Joanna, is he really my brother-in-law?”
As soon as Jeremy finished asking, a strong gaze fell on Joanna’s back.
She nodded after a few seconds of silence: “Yes.”
Jeremy: “!!!”
“Then you and David Benington…”
As soon as David was mentioned, that terrifying brother-in-law glared at him again.
Frightened, Jeremy stopped halfway through his sentence and didn’t dare continue.
Mentioning David Benington, Joanna’s expression turned cold, and she said lightly, “We broke up.”
Jeremy was stunned: “Why?”
He sneaked a glance at Ashton Heath and suddenly thought of a possibility, which made him feel even worse.
This man, who claimed to be his brother-in-law, was obviously not in the same league as David Benington.
He was much more handsome than David, with a nobler temperament, and especially the unrivaled powerful aura, which was something David could never match.
Without a comparison, David’s condition seemed good enough.
But when compared to this man, the difference was like heaven and earth.
One was a young master from an ordinary generational friendship, while the other was a nobleman from a royal family, totally incomparable.
Jeremy wondered if his sister…
could it be that she cheated?
As far as cheating and adultery were concerned, he absolutely despised such immoral behavior.
But Joanna was his elder sister.
If she really committed such acts as cheating, what could he do?
Just as Jeremy was imagining various scenarios and struggling whether to choose forgiveness, he heard Joanna say coldly, “He and Annie Lawrence are together now.”
Jeremy fell silent for two seconds, then widened his eyes in shock and anger, “He cheated?
He’s with Annie Lawrence now?
How could they do this to you…”
Joanna’s face was expressionless, “In short, I have nothing to do with David from now on.”
“Yeah, your sister has nothing to do with him anymore.
Her man is now me.” Ashton Heath walked over, one hand resting on Joanna’s shoulder, and gently embraced her.
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Jeremy: “…”
Once he found out that David had cheated on Annie Lawrence, Jeremy was not so resistant to accepting the sudden appearance of his brother-in-law.
###20: Chapter 20: I will take good care of you two, Joanna and your brother 20: Chapter 20: I will take good care of you two, Joanna and your brother He even felt quite relieved.
His brother-in-law, Ashton Heath, was far better in every aspect than David Benington.
David didn’t know how to cherish Jeremy’s sister, Joanna Lawrence, but now there was someone who would.
In the future, he would definitely regret it!
Jeremy carefully called out, “Brother-in-law.”
Ashton was very pleased with this greeting.
He took off his watch and handed it to Jeremy.
“I decided to come here on a whim today, so I didn’t have time to prepare anything.
Please accept this as a token of my regard.”
When Jeremy saw the watch, he gasped in surprise.
It was a Patek Philippe diamond mechanical watch worth over two million dollars.
He casually gave away a gift worth several million dollars?
How rich was his brother-in-law?
Joanna was also taken aback.
“No, no, this watch is too expensive.
Jeremy can’t accept it.”
“If I say he can accept it, he can accept it.” Ashton stuffed the watch into Jeremy’s hand, his sharp and deep black eyes narrowing.
He spoke in a decisive, commanding tone, “I have never taken back a gift I’ve given.
You can do whatever you want with it.”
Jeremy was intimidated by his aura.
He didn’t dare to refuse but felt the gift was too valuable, so valuable that he didn’t dare to accept it casually.
“Sis…” He could only look to Joanna for help with pleading eyes.
At that moment, Ashton’s phone suddenly rang.
He took it out, glanced at it, and answered.
A few seconds later, he hung up.
“There’s a small issue at the company that I need to handle.” He spoke to Joanna, “Let’s have dinner together tonight.
I’ll have the driver come pick you up later.”
Then he turned to Jeremy: “Rest well and recover.
In the future, know that I will take care of you both.”
They didn’t realize how valuable Ashton’s promise was.
They also didn’t know what it meant for a man who stood at the peak of power to give such a promise.
*
Ashton left soon after.
Jeremy curiously looked at the expensive watch in his hand.
“Sis, who exactly is my brother-in-law?
Is he very rich?”
Even David could not casually give a watch worth over two million dollars as a gift.
“Yeah, he’s quite rich.”
The Heath family, at the top of Closia’s influential elite, was extraordinarily wealthy.
Their wealth wasn’t ordinary.
“This watch…” Jeremy struggled, unsure of how to handle the situation.
“Give it to me.” Joanna thought for a moment and reached out her hand.
“The watch is too valuable; we cannot accept it.
I’ll find a way to return it.”
Jeremy nodded and handed her the watch.
It really was too valuable of a present.
Even if he accepted it, he wouldn’t be able to use it.
He had to give it back.
“Sis, how did you meet my brother-in-law?
How long have you been dating?” Jeremy was full of curiosity about his handsome and generous new brother-in-law.
Joanna was peeling fruit for him.
Upon hearing his question, she hesitated before handing him a piece of sliced apple.
“Jeremy, he and I…
we’re married.”
Jeremy stared at her in shock.
“You’re married?!”
“Yes.”
“When did this happen?”
“Today.
We got our marriage certificate before coming to see you.”
She initially wanted to hide it from Jeremy, but since Ashton had no plans for a secret marriage, she couldn’t keep it from him any longer.
“Cough, cough, cough.” Jeremy was choked by his own saliva.
He found it incredible, like something out of a fairy tale.
###21: Chapter 21: Marrying him, I feel like I got the better deal.
21: Chapter 21: Marrying him, I feel like I got the better deal.
“”Joanna, what exactly is going on?
You guys had a flash marriage, right?”
He was a bit worried if Joanna was stimulated by David’s betrayal, and randomly married a man.
But…
That brother-in-law of his didn’t look like a man who can be easily hooked up with.
“Jeremy, you don’t need to worry about anything else.
For me, the most important thing now is to cure your disease.
As for Ashton…
he’s an authoritative expert in cardio-cerebrovascular surgery.
It’s possible for you to recover with him performing the operation for you.”
Jeremy understood everything after hearing this.
“Joanna.” His eyes instantly turned red, “You married him because of me, didn’t you?
Is that true?”
He didn’t expect that his sister would trade her lifelong happiness to cure his disease.
Even if his illness was cured, he would still feel guilty.
“Jeremy.” Joanna sighed softly, put down the fruit knife, wiped her hands with a paper towel, and held Jeremy’s hand lightly, “Actually, I don’t feel sad or wronged.
Ashton isn’t an old, bald, and ugly man.
There are many women who would want to marry him.
To be frank, I got an advantage by marrying him.”
“Joanna…”
“Who do you think is better, him or David?”
“…Of course, it’s Ashton.”
“That’s correct.” Joanna took out a paper towel, wiped the tears from his eyes, and said with a smile, “I found a man better than David.
You should be happy for me.
Otherwise, wouldn’t it be pathetic for me, rejected and alone?”
*
Outside the door.
The two of them have no idea that their conversation was sent verbatim to Ashton Heath by someone.
Heath Group.
Ashton Heath was having a senior executives meeting.
Mobile phones must be kept on silent during a meeting, so when they heard a mobile phone vibrating, everyone in the conference room started looking around to locate the source of the sound.
After a few seconds, they saw President Ashton, sitting at the head of the table, picking up his mobile phone and looking at it.
Senior executives: “…”
They were stunned, as Ashton usually never checks his phone messages during meetings.
Something even more baffling followed.
They were stunned to see Ashton, who is usually reserved, apparently smile.
Though the smile was fleeting, they all saw it!
Ashton Heath was looking at a Twitter message from Denver Lancaster.
Denver: !!
I just heard the girl say you all got married, don’t tell me it’s true!!
Denver: You coerced her into getting a marriage license by proposing to do surgery on her brother?
I didn’t expect you to be that kind of person.
Denver: The girl even claimed she’s made a profit by marrying you.
Denver: She also said, you are better than her ex.
No, she asked her brother, her brother said so.
After reading all the tweets Lancaster sent, Ashton hooked his lip, and took a rare break during the meeting.
He responded to Lancaster’s message with one word: Hmm.
Lancaster immediately replied: What does hmm mean?
Did you really coerce her?
Ashton Heath: I’m better than her ex.
Lancaster: …
After a few seconds, Lancaster sent another tweet: You really got married?
Ashton: Can a marriage be fake?
Lancaster: Holy shit!!!
*
Six o’clock in the evening.
Ashton Heath’s chauffeur arrived at the hospital on time to pick them up.
The chauffeur was extremely respectful.
When he saw Joanna, he respectfully greeted: “Ms.
Joanna.”
###22: Chapter 22: Our Mr.
Ashton Has Androphobia 22: Chapter 22: Our Mr.
Ashton Has Androphobia Joanna Lawrence gave him a slight nod.
She was still not used to the title “Ms.
Joanna”.
It felt odd to hear others call her that.
The driver opened the rear door and waited for Joanna to get in before returning to the driver’s seat.
After getting in the car, Joanna realized that Ashton Heath was not in the vehicle.
She casually asked, “Is Mr.
Ashton still busy?”
The driver replied, “Someone came to talk to Mr.
Ashton temporarily, so he asked me to pick you up first.”
“Oh.”
*
On the road.
Joanna felt that the driver kept stealing glances at her, and she didn’t pay much attention at first, but when he kept doing so, she became a little uneasy.
At a red light intersection, Joanna noticed the driver stealing glances again and couldn’t help but ask, “Um…
you’ve been looking at me, is there something wrong?”
“Huh?” The driver was taken aback by her question, then nervously said, “Ms.
Joanna, don’t get me wrong, I don’t mean anything else.
I’m just…
curious…”
“Curious?” Joanna frowned in confusion.
What was he curious about?
“Yes, curious,” the driver glanced at the rearview mirror again, then said, “Before Ms.
Joanna, there were never any other women by Mr.
Ashton’s side.
He hadn’t even had a single romance.
The madam introduced him to countless well-bred ladies, but he never gave them a single look.
Sir Darren and Madam Heath were very worried because of this.”
Joanna exclaimed in surprise, “Really?
You mean he hasn’t had a single romance?”
A man with such conditions would have been the center of attention for the opposite sex since childhood, right?
How was it possible that he hadn’t had a single romance?
The driver sighed, seeing her surprised expression in the rearview mirror, “You may not know, Ms.
Joanna, but our Mr.
Ashton has androphobia.”
“Androphobia?!” Joanna was stunned for a few seconds.
What kind of illness was that?
The driver explained, “It means he dislikes women and doesn’t want to have contact with them.
Mr.
Ashton has always kept his distance from other women, except for the madam and Madam Heath.
This is also the reason why he is so outstanding, yet still single.”
“Mr.
Ashton’s condition is very rare and many doctors have been unable to cure him.
So, when I heard that you two got married, I was very surprised.”
Joanna was astonished and stayed silent for a while before asking doubtfully, “So, what happens if he does come into contact with women?”
The driver’s expression turned solemn, speaking seriously, “Mr.
Ashton can develop severe allergic reactions.
In mild cases, he gets rashes on his body; in severe cases, he may vomit, feel cold all over, or even faint.”
Joanna: “!!!”
What?!
Such a strange illness?
But that’s not right!
He had even initiated a hug with her before, and she hadn’t noticed any allergic reaction.
It seemed as if the driver had guessed what Joanna was thinking, so he added, “Mr.
Ashton seems to have no allergic reactions to you.”
The driver thought that this must be the reason why Mr.
Ashton suddenly got married.
Moreover, Ms.
Joanna was quite good-looking, even he found her likable when he looked at her.
However…
Madam Heath and Sir Darren probably didn’t know about Mr.
Ashton’s marriage yet, and Madam Heath had been trying to match him with Rebecca Kelloway.
Once they found out about this, their reactions would be unknown.
*
The driver drove to a shopping mall.
After getting out of the car, he told Joanna, “Mr.
Ashton said for Ms.
Joanna to go shopping at the mall first.
This mall is owned by us, so whatever you like, please take it directly.”
###23: Chapter 23: My Baby Looks Good in Everything 23: Chapter 23: My Baby Looks Good in Everything Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Very well, very domineering.
Her husband is indeed very rich.
“And also…” the driver took out a prestige card from his bag and handed it to her, “Mr.
Ashton asked me to give this to you.
This card is a supplementary card of Mr.
Ashton, you can use it freely.”
“For me?” Joanna looked at the card handed over to her, hesitated for a moment, and frowned slightly, “No need, I don’t need it.”
She didn’t have the habit of spending a man’s money.
Even if this man is now her husband in name.
But in Joanna’s heart, she hadn’t really treated him as her husband.
“Ms.
Joanna, if I don’t do what Mr.
Ashton has told me well, he will scold me.” The driver seemed to be pleading with her, “If Ms.
Joanna doesn’t accept this card, I won’t be able to complete my task with Mr.
Ashton.”
Seeing the driver’s difficulty, Joanna hesitated for a few seconds and finally accepted it.
However, she never thought about using it.
When she sees Ashton Heath, she will return this card along with the watch to him.
*
After going upstairs, a few people came to greet her.
They were several senior executives of the mall, following Joanna reverently.
Joanna shopped for a while, and felt uncomfortable with people always following her.
She told them, “You don’t have to follow me, I want to shop alone.”
The executives looked at each other, hesitated for a while, and then left.
This mall mainly sold high-end luxury brands.
The entire building was full of luxury brands.
Before the Lawrence family’s decline, Joanna would occasionally buy some luxury goods.
After the family’s decline, she hadn’t visited such a place for a long time.
She casually walked into a women’s clothing store.
The sales staff saw her ordinary dressing and had no desire to greet her; they just glanced at her and went to serve other customers.
Joanna didn’t mind and started browsing on her own.
She didn’t plan to buy anything, she was just killing time before meeting Ashton.
A moment later.
She was about to leave when she heard a familiar voice behind her.
The woman’s voice was coy and flirty, clearly trying to appeal to a man: “David, do I look good in this skirt?”
Joanna’s steps froze.
She slowly turned around, looked up, and saw a young couple standing in front of the fitting room mirror.
One was her former fiancé, and the other was her stepsister.
Annie Lawrence had just finished trying on a skirt, turned around in front of the mirror, and then looked up at the man beside her with a radiant smile.
“Hmm, yes, it looks good.” The man’s handsome face showed a gentle expression, and his voice was tender as he touched her head, “My baby looks good in anything.”
The affectionate “baby” made the surrounding sales staff look envious.
A sales clerk complimented, “That’s right, Ms.
Joanna is beautiful and has such a good figure, she looks good in anything.
Mr.
David is also handsome and extraordinary.
Ms.
Joanna and Mr.
David are indeed a talented and beautiful couple, a perfect match made in heaven.”
Annie’s smile grew brighter, and her eyes were full of affection as she looked at David, “David, listen to them, they really know how to talk.
I’d feel embarrassed not to buy this skirt now.”
“No,” said the salesperson, sweet as honey, “We’re just telling the truth.
Ms.
Joanna is widely recognized in the entertainment industry as a beauty, and your beauty is well-known.”
David’s face was full of pride.
###24: Chapter 24: Joanna, what are you doing here?
24: Chapter 24: Joanna, what are you doing here?
Annie Lawrence really was beautiful and a famous actress, so having her as a girlfriend would bring prestige wherever they went.
Although the Lawrence family wasn’t doing well now.
But Annie’s career in the entertainment industry was going well, and once she became an A-list actress, no one in the family would if he married her.
“Then let’s buy it,” David Benington said, enjoying the envious expressions on several salespeople’s faces.
“See if there’s anything else you like and we’ll pay for it all together.”
“Wow,” Annie exclaimed happily, standing on her tiptoes to hug his neck and kissing him on the lips.
“You’re the best, David!”
The salesperson who attended to them looked at Annie with a mix of envy and longing.
Annie was truly a winner in life.
She was beautiful, her career was going well, and she had a boyfriend who treated her so well and was so generous.
It was simply enviable.
A dress worth several hundred thousand dollars, bought without hesitation.
Why couldn’t they meet such a rich and handsome man?
After kissing David, Annie happily turned back to pick more clothes.
While waiting, David was led to the rest area by the salespeople.
However, as he turned around, he caught a glimpse of a familiar figure.
“Joanna?” His handsome and gentle face showed a hint of surprise as he stopped in his tracks.
Then he frowned, “What are you doing here?”
The surprise on his face made it look like Joanna Lawrence had no business being in a place like this.
Annie, who was picking clothes, heard the commotion and immediately turned around.
When she saw Joanna, she paused for a moment before instinctively looking at David’s reaction.
Seeing David staring at Joanna without even blinking, Annie’s face darkened instantly.
Today, Joanna was wearing a white T-shirt with light blue capris and a pair of white sneakers.
Her smooth and shiny black hair cascaded down, and her face had light makeup that made her looked clean and refreshing.
But even in simple attire, her stunning face was still captivating.
The more Annie looked, the more jealous she became.
Was this shameless Joanna Lawrence trying to seduce David on purpose?
“Joanna, what are you doing here?” Annie’s eyes were filled with hostility.
She walked in front of David and blocked him, looking defensive like she was guarding against a thief.
Seeing her reaction, Joanna couldn’t help but find it ridiculous.
It seemed that every woman who had been a mistress and turned official would forget that they were once a thief themselves.
Now, Annie was like that.
Seeing this annoying couple in front of her, she had no desire to even speak.
She gave them both a blank look and turned to leave.
“Joanna!”
Annie stopped her and asked as if puzzled, “Since you’re here to buy clothes, why are you leaving without picking one?”
Without waiting for Joanna to reply, she answered for her as if she suddenly understood, “Oh, I remember now.
You haven’t been doing a lot of film shooting recently and have no place to do minor roles.
Plus, my brother Jeremy is sick and in the hospital, so you need to come up with his medical expenses too.”
Upon hearing that Joanna was just doing minor roles, the salespeople immediately looked at her with disdain.
No wonder she looked so poor.
She really was broke.
After hearing Annie call Joanna her sister, the salespeople’s eyes were filled with even more contempt.
###25: Chapter 25: They Really Came to Steal 25: Chapter 25: They Really Came to Steal So this is the Ms.
Joanna of the Lawrence family who, relying on her childhood marriage contract with Mr.
David, wants to break up the loving couple David and Joanna?
She really has no shame.
Seeing that Annie didn’t like her sister, the shop assistant took the opportunity to flatter her with some cutting remarks: “Ms.
Joanna, is this poverty-stricken woman really your sister?
You’re a famous star, while your sister only does minor roles.
Are you sure you’re not mistaken in recognizing her?”
“Yeah, Ms.
Joanna, you’re so outstanding.
How could you have such a lousy sister?”
“Hmph, since she doesn’t have money to buy clothes, why is she even browsing in our store?
Could it be she’s just here to enjoy the air-conditioning?”
“I think she looks kind of sneaky.
What if she’s planning to steal something?”
Annie enjoyed the shop assistants mocking Joanna, but put on a displeased face and said, “Don’t talk nonsense.
My sister is not that kind of person.”
After saying this, she looked at Joanna: “Joanna, don’t be angry.
They don’t understand you, that’s why they said those things.”
Joanna sneered.
Actually, she had no intention of paying attention to Annie.
As for those shop assistants, she also had no intention of bothering with them.
But now…
Since these people were bullying her, she couldn’t just not fight back, otherwise, she would be as soft as steamed buns!
That’s not Joanna’s personality!
“Just because they don’t understand me, can they talk nonsense?” She stared coldly at the shop assistants, “Do they know that there’s a price to pay for false accusations?”
As Joanna’s icy gaze darted over them, they all hesitated, feeling a hint of fear.
But thinking that Joanna was only an actor in minor roles, they became arrogant again.
“Hehe,” one shop assistant mocked, “False accusation?
We didn’t falsely accuse you.
You have no money and dare to shop in a luxury brand store?
If you’re not trying to steal, what else can you be doing?”
“That’s right!
You’re clearly a thief, and you still have the nerve to threaten us.
Acting like you’re so amazing and want to make us pay the price.
Who do you think you are!”
“Tsk tsk tsk, we’re so scared!
Tell us what price we’ll have to pay!”
“Joanna,” Annie furrowed her brow, “If you have any difficulties, feel free to talk to me and David.”
Her words were akin to indirectly admitting the shop assistants’ claims.
Assuming Joanna was in the store to steal something.
David also furrowed his brows, gazing deeply at Joanna: “Joanna, are you really that short of money?”
Seeing how Joanna had become after breaking up with him, unable to afford even a single piece of clothing, David felt a twinge of heartache.
His eyes filled with sympathy and pity, he said, “If you’re really short of money, let me know.
After all, I will help you no matter what.”
Upon hearing David’s words, Joanna felt that her understanding of him deepened by one more layer.
Her ten years of affection for him were really wasted on a dog.
As for Annie’s false accusation, she could understand it.
But him…
Did he really think she’d stoop to stealing?
She looked at him as if he were a dumbass, didn’t say a word, turned around, and walked out of the store.
“She must be feeling guilty, huh?
Really here to steal something.”
“How shameless, looking like a decent person, but actually a thief.”
*
Joanna left the store.
###26: Chapter 26: Miss me?
26: Chapter 26: Miss me?
The driver who accompanied her saw her walk out empty-handed and asked, “Ms.
Joanna, didn’t you find any clothes you liked?”
“Uncle Li.” Instead of answering his question, Joanna asked, “Do you know Ashton Heath’s phone number?”
Uncle Li hesitated, “…Yes.”
“Hmm, let me have a look.”
Uncle Li: “…”
Was it possible that Ms.
Joanna didn’t even have her husband’s phone number?!
Although puzzled, he quickly took out his phone and found Ashton’s phone number.
Joanna glanced at it and immediately called Ashton.
It rang for a long time before the other side picked up.
“Hello.” A cold and deep voice came through, carrying a sense of indifference.
Joanna fell silent for a few seconds before she spoke up: “…This is Joanna.”
There was a brief silence on Ashton’s end: “Is this your phone number?”
It might have been Joanna’s imagination, but after she told him her name, she felt that Ashton’s tone had warmed up a bit.
It seemed like it was a little gentler.
“Yes.” She nodded.
There was another period of silence on Ashton’s end.
Several seconds later, he finally spoke again: “I’ve saved it.
You should save my number too.”
“Alright, I will!” Joanna clutched her phone tightly.
The impulse she had felt earlier had faded somewhat, and she began to regret making this call.
They had been married for less than a day.
Although he was her husband in name, it was in name only.
Would he think she was annoying for asking him for help like this?
But she was really angry.
She had never been accused of being a thief before.
If she couldn’t vent her frustration today, she felt like she would die from the suffocation!
“Why did you suddenly call me?
Did you miss me?” The man’s low, seductive voice reached her ear, as if he was whispering right next to her, making Joanna’s heartbeat suddenly quicken.
Her face flushed red.
Her: !!!
How was she supposed to respond to that?!
“Mr.
Ashton…”
“Call me by my name, or call me husband.
I don’t want to hear ‘Mr.
Ashton’ again.” The man was forceful and domineering, leaving her no room for refusal.
Joanna: “…”
Ashton: “I’m on my way.
I’ll be there in about twenty minutes.
If you’re hungry, you can order something to eat first, no need to wait for me.”
“Alright, I got it.”
“Joanna?” Ashton suddenly called her name.
“Huh?”
“Is there something you want to tell me?”
Joanna hesitated for a few seconds before asking softly, “I’m at Quirky Haven Mall.
I heard from Uncle Li that this mall is a subsidiary of the Heath Group.
Is that correct?”
Ashton: “Yes.”
“So that means…”
“Hmm?”
Joanna: “I’m also the Lady Boss of this mall, right?”
After uttering those words, she felt her face burning up.
To her surprise, Ashton seemed a little taken aback by her remark.
After a few seconds of silence, he chuckled softly, “Of course.”
“Then… In case the Lady Boss finds that the employees have bad attitudes and poor work performance, can she fire them?”
Joanna was somewhat anxious.
She nervously waited for a response.
She was afraid that Ashton would refuse her.
That would be humiliating and awkward for her.
After several more seconds of silence, the man’s tone suddenly became much colder: “Were you bullied?”
###27: Chapter 27: I will take care of everything for you 27: Chapter 27: I will take care of everything for you “I…”
Before Joanna could say anything, his tone grew colder and said, “You are the wife of President Ashton of the Heath Group, of course you have such power.
What’s the point of keeping employees who are blind to this fact?”
Joanna’s eyes lit up: “So, you agree?”
“Joanna, you are my woman, Ashton Heath’s woman.
If anyone dares to wrong you, just tell me.
No matter who they are, I will stand up for you.”
“Remember, once you marry me, you can do whatever you want.
I’ll back you up in everything.”
Over the phone, the man’s deep, arrogant voice softly entered her ear.
He said: Joanna, once you marry me, you can do whatever you want.
I’ll back you up in everything.
At this moment, a warm current gently flowed through her heart.
Throughout the years when she had to rely on herself and force herself to become independent and strong, the only person she could rely on was herself.
But now…
Suddenly, there was someone telling her that she could rely on him.
No matter what happened, he would have her back.
No matter if he was sincere when he said these words at this moment.
She was still grateful.
Feeling her eyes well up with tears, she took a deep breath and replied softly, “Alright.”
*
After making the call to Ashton Heath, the senior executives of the mall came over swiftly.
She returned to the store once again.
Annie had picked out some clothes and was arm-in-arm with David at the register to pay for them.
As Joanna entered the store, a shop assistant spotted her.
The assistant’s face immediately turned solemn and sneered sarcastically, “Oh, didn’t you leave already?
Why are you back?
Don’t tell me you want to steal something from our store again?”
Another shop assistant spotted her and caustically chimed in, “I advise you not to disgrace Ms.
Joanna any further by getting involved in these petty thefts.
You might be shameless, but she still has her dignity.”
“What’s going on?”
Annie turned around and when she saw Joanna, she was momentarily stunned.
“Ms.
Joanna, your thieving sister is back.” One of the shop assistants looked disdainfully at Joanna, then urged the others, “She must be up to no good.
Keep a close watch on her to make sure she doesn’t steal anything.”
Annie gave Joanna a long, hard look before her eyebrows knitted together slightly.
“Joanna,” she said hesitantly, her face pained and her lip caught between her teeth.
“Do you really like the clothes in this store?
If you do, David will buy it for you.
You don’t have to…”
Her voice trailed off, her eyebrows pressing together once more.
As if the words to come would be difficult to say.
The shop assistants all gathered around Annie, one after another, lauding her, “Ms.
Joanna, you’re too good to your thieving sister.
Why should you just buy such expensive clothing for her?”
“Exactly, such expensive clothing is not appropriate for her.
The clothes in our store are only suitable for someone as noble and elegant as Ms.
Joanna.”
“Ms.
Joanna, you have such a kind heart.
This shameless woman has intervened in your relationship with Mr.
David, forcing you two, such a loving couple, to be apart for so many years.
You really don’t have to be this nice to her.”
“Some people really have no self-awareness.
Do they not see how they compare to Ms.
Joanna?”
Joanna looked at these shop assistants who praised Annie to the heavens while they belittled her, and a cold smile appeared at the corner of her lips.
###28: Chapter 28: What Ms.
Joanna Taught 28: Chapter 28: What Ms.
Joanna Taught She’s no stranger to being looked down upon.
But she has never encountered such blatant disrespect before.
Since Ashton Heath declared her as President Ashton’s wife who has the authority to fire any Heath Group employee, she has no intention of keeping these nauseating bastards around.
Behind her.
The mall executive, having heard how the shop assistants slandered Joanna, broke into a cold sweat.
These fools, they are definitely seeking their own doom.
Though he wasn’t sure about the relationship between Joanna and President Ashton,
But once Cody personally instructed them to treat this person well, she is definitely not someone they can afford to offend!
Let alone bunch of insignificant shop assistants!
If President Ashton’s people were bullied in their mall, and the matter isn’t handled correctly, he might have to pack up and leave too.
Thinking of this, the executive’s face immediately changed.
“What nonsense are you spouting?”
He stepped out from behind Joanna, facing those shop assistants with a livid expression: “Ms.
Joanna is a VIP guest in our mall; you dare to slander and treat her like this!”
“Ma, Manager Joshua Ranson?!”
Seeing the CEO of the mall, their attitudes immediately grew respectful.
“Manager Ranson, you must have misunderstood?” A shop assistant glances at Joanna, still filled with disdain and scorn, “We never disrespected Ms.
Joanna.
She is a VIP card customer at our store, how could we possibly slander her?”
Manager Ranson scolded furiously, “Did I hear wrong just now?”
“You must have mistaken the person.” The shop assistant looked at Joanna, still disdainful, “Our VIP customer is Miss Annie Lawrence, not this Joanna thief.
Manager Ranson, it’s good that you are here, we suspect that this Joanna has a suspicious demeanor and she definitely stole something from the mall.
You should have her searched immediately so that she can’t take away the mall’s property!”
“Yes, Manager Ranson, she definitely stole something!”
“You should call the police and have the cops take away the thief; there’s nothing more disgusting than a thief.”
Hearing these words, Manager Ranson was sweating colder and more profusely.
His mind was full of expletives directed towards these idiots.
Being an idiot himself is one thing, but they are going to mess things up for him too.
Who the hell hired these idiots?!
“Enough!”
At this moment, David who had been silent all the while, walked over.
He had a stern face and spoke with anger, “Joanna is not that kind of person, I trust her.
You guys need to stop making a fuss.”
After speaking, he frowned at Joanna and said with a touch of heartache in his eyes, “Joanna, if you want to buy clothes tell me, and I…
”
Before he could finish his sentence, Joanna turned her back on him.
From beginning to end, she didn’t even spare him a glance.
“Manager Joshua Ranson, you can decide how to deal with this.” Facing Manager Joshua Ranson, Joanna confidently and coldly said, “If the mall continues to hire such degrading staff in the future, then it’s time to change the staff in the Human Resources Department.”
“Yes, yes, Ms.
Joanna’s criticism is justified, this indeed is a failure on the part of our Human Resources department.
Afterwards, I will definitely severely reprimand them.
Ms.
Joanna, please calm down, I will immediately fire these few employees who’ve slandered you.
Additionally, this mall will never hire them again.”
Manager Ranson was incredibly respectful and he practically bent his back at a ninety-degree angle in front of Joanna.
Seeing their boss bowing and scraping seemed to petrify the shop assistants.
###29: Chapter 29: It’s Us Looking Down on Others with Contempt 29: Chapter 29: It’s Us Looking Down on Others with Contempt What’s going on?
Why is Manager Joshua Ranson so respectful to this woman?
Isn’t she just a poor woman who does minor roles?
Also, did Manager Ranson just say he was going to fire them?
A moment ago, they were still arrogant and acting as if they were in the right.
But now, their faces have paled, and they all look panicked.
“Manager Ranson, we…” Several_shop_staff wanted to explain with fear in their hearts.
“You guys, get the hell out of here now!” Manager Ranson was furious, his usual demeanor and grace gone.
His finger almost poked them in the noses as he scolded with a dark face, “Our mall doesn’t need low-quality employees like you!”
“Manager Ranson, we didn’t do it on purpose.
Please give us another chance.”
“Yes, Manager Ranson, we don’t want to leave here.
We have been working in this mall for five or six years, and we are very satisfied with everything here.
Please don’t fire us, we really can’t lose this job!”
Several_shop_staff begged humbly, unwilling to leave.
All the industries under Heath Group’s subsidiary offer welfare benefits far beyond those of other companies.
They used to work in other malls before.
But the benefits there were not comparable to those offered here, and if they left here, they would not be able to find such a good job.
Fearing that he would be implicated by their stupid actions, Manager Ranson remained indifferent to their pleas, insisting on firing them.
After begging for a while and seeing that it was useless, they glanced at Joanna Lawrence who was standing aside, and their eyes suddenly lit up.
Hope sparked in their eyes.
Although they still didn’t know why Joanna could be so highly regarded by Manager Ranson or how he could even be so ingratiating and submissive in front of her.
But since they were fired for offending her.
If they could receive her forgiveness, wouldn’t they be able to stay?
Several_shop_staff dismissed their previous arrogance and walked up to Joanna, crying and begging her for forgiveness.
“Ms.
Joanna, we were wrong.
Please forgive us this time, and we will never dare to do it again.”
“Ms.
Joanna, we are sorry, we were shortsighted.
You shouldn’t take offense with us, please give us a chance to make amends, we beg you.”
“Ms.
Joanna, please be magnanimous and forgive us.”
Watching these people crying and begging to repent, Joanna’s heart remained unmoved.
She was not a divine lady.
Having been insulted and ridiculed by them time and time again, she could still forgive them now.
If she did, she would be a fool herself.
Besides, she knew these people too well.
It’s hard to change one’s nature.
They were snobbish to the core, and how could they genuinely change?
She looked at them coldly: “I will not forgive you.
The lesson today is to teach you never to judge a book by its cover.”
After saying that, she no longer paid any attention to them.
She turned around and spoke to Manager Ranson, who was still standing behind her with a fearful expression: “Manager Joshua, I’ll leave this to you to handle.”
“Yes, yes.” Manager Ranson nodded repeatedly, “Ms.
Joanna, don’t worry, I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation.”
###30: Chapter 30: The One Who Stood Out Turned Out to Be Joanna Lawrence!
30: Chapter 30: The One Who Stood Out Turned Out to Be Joanna Lawrence!
Joanna Lawrence nodded slightly and prepared to leave.
Seeing that their pleas were useless, the shop assistants’ faces became extremely ugly.
At this moment, they regretted everything deeply.
They had originally thought that Joanna Lawrence was an easily bullied weakling.
But who could have thought that she would have a background!
Thinking that their downfall was caused by trying to please Annie Lawrence, they placed their last sliver of hope on Annie Lawrence.
“Ms.
Joanna, we just offended your sister because we were helping you.
You can’t just ignore us.”
“Yeah, Ms.
Joanna, please put in a good word for us with your sister.”
The shop assistants cried and pleaded, hoping Annie would help them to plead for mercy.
Annie was stunned at the sight of Joanna leaving.
Her eyes were full of disbelief, and she clutched David Benington’s arm: “David, what’s going on?”
Initially, her plan was to show off her superiority in front of Joanna and belittle her.
But now…
The person that had taken the spotlight was Joanna.
Annie couldn’t accept this reversal.
For a moment, her face became ugly: “Why was the CEO of that store so polite to Joanna?”
He even fired those shop assistants because of Joanna.
What’s so special about Joanna that she could have such face?!
David also looked surprised, staring blankly at Joanna walking to the door.
Thinking of a possibility, his face turned unpleasant.
“Ms.
Joanna, please help us.”
Several shop assistants were still crying and begging for Annie’s help.
Annoyed by their harassment, Annie frowned and said impatiently: “It’s not my business that you were fired.
Stop bothering me.
I can’t help you.”
Would she beg Joanna for them?!
Never in her life.
The reason they had tried to please Annie in the first place was that she was a VIP customer of their store, frequently supporting their business.
But now, they were about to be fired, and Annie refused to help them.
Naturally, they wouldn’t show her any more courtesy.
They angrily said, “Ms.
Joanna, how could you do this?
You are just using us and discarding us!”
“Ms.
Joanna, I never thought you would be this kind of person.”
“Annie, you must give us an explanation today.”
Annie was a delicate sheltered flower raised in a greenhouse.
She was surrounded by the shop assistants who looked menacing and hurriedly retreated into David’s embrace: “David.”
David, fearing the shop assistants would become too emotional and hurt the child in her belly, immediately protected her firmly in his arms, his face cold and his eyes fierce: “What does the fact that you got fired have to do with Annie?
Did she tell you to do this?
If you continue to harass her, I won’t be polite!”
David’s face darkened, his aura a little intimidating.
Thinking of his identity, the shop assistants hesitated and did not dare to continue making a scene.
They glared at Annie with resentment.
“What are you all still doing here?
Leave immediately!” Manager Joshua Ranson pointed at the shop assistants and angrily said, “I’ve already notified the Finance Department, you go and settle your wages and leave.”
“Manager Ranson…”
“Calling me Daddy wouldn’t help either!
Who let you guys offend Ms.
Joanna!
You’re just asking for death!
Get out of here!”
###31: Chapter 31: Joanna is not the type to covet vanity.
31: Chapter 31: Joanna is not the type to covet vanity.
*
The shopping assistant left in dissatisfaction.
Manager Joshua Ranson watched David Benington and Annie Lawrence, who were still in the store, and silently lit virtual candles for them in his mind.
He knew who the young master of Benington Group was.
Admittedly, he was a figure of some stature.
However, compared to President Ashton, he was simply insignificant.
Not even worthy of a mention.
Although he and the woman beside him did not directly frame Ms.
Joanna earlier, their attitude wasn’t much better.
If Ms.
Joanna decided to retaliate against their disrespect, the Benington Group would certainly be in for a rough time.
Pondering this, Manager Ranson cast a sympathetic look at the pair before he turned and got ready to leave.
“Manager Ranson…”
A soft coquettish voice came from behind him.
He turned back to find that it was the woman in David Benington’s arms who called him.
He was taken aback: “Does the lady need something?”
Annie Lawrence took a step away from David Benington, still holding his arm, and softly asked, “I am the sister of Joanna Lawrence.
Just now you helped my sister by disciplining those disrespectful employees.
I would like to express our gratitude on her behalf.”
Manager Ranson was again surprised and furrowed his brows, “To do something for Ms.
Joanna is my honor!
I would certainly not dare to expect her gratitude.”
The color rapidly drained from Annie’s face when she heard this.
Just who had Joanna associated herself with?
Surely this Manager Ranson was behaving unusually humble and respectful.
Her discomfort grew.
She bit her lip and asked, “Do you and my sister know each other well?
How did you two meet?”
Only then did Manager Ranson perceive her true motive.
It seemed she was using this as a pretense to pry for information.
Instantly, his face hardened, his tone colder when he spoke again, “That is none of your concern.
However, since you are her sister, allow me to remind you.
Ms.
Joanna is not someone you can offend.
You best be more respectful toward her in the future.”
After dropping this sentence, Manager Ranson turned and left.
Annie Lawrence was so angry that her face turned green.
She clenched her teeth, her expression indignant.
“David, did you hear what he said just now?
Do you think Joanna is with some rich man?”
“Impossible.”
David’s face fell immediately.
“Joanna is not a materialistic person.
She would never do anything like that.”
“But…” Annie still wanted to say something.
With a sudden turn, David looked back at her, “Annie…
I have known Joanna for a full ten years.
I know her too well.
She would never do anything like that.
We’ve been together for many years, and she’s never asked me for anything.”
“Whenever I give her an expensive gift, she always frets about the money I’ve spent.”
Seeing the longing in David’s eyes when speaking of these moments, a flame of jealousy ignited within Annie’s heart.
Although David always proclaimed his love for her verbally, yet when he mentioned Joanna, his eyes clearly showed his unwillingness to let go.
Also, what did he mean by what he just said?
Joanna had never asked him for money, Joanna did not want him to spend too much, hence Joanna wasn’t a materialistic woman.
So what about her?
She often asked him to buy her gifts, expensive ones at that.
Was he insinuating that she was a gold digger?
As she thought of this, Annie’s face darkened further, she was fuming inside.
Yet she didn’t dare to vent her anger in front of David.
###32: Chapter 32: Couldn’t Make the Lady Boss Satisfied 32: Chapter 32: Couldn’t Make the Lady Boss Satisfied “Let’s go, didn’t you say you wanted to go to the rooftop restaurant at the Universe Center for some foreign cuisine?” David Benington probably realized that he hadn’t said the right words just now, so he opened his mouth again, and his voice became much gentler, “After dinner, we can go to the jewelry store.
Didn’t you have your eye on a necklace before?
Let’s go buy it later.”
Annie Lawrence’s face finally brightened up.
She looked up at David Benington’s young and handsome face, and the unpleasant feeling in her heart finally dissipated.
Even if Joanna Lawrence really had hooked up with a rich man, so what?
The man she’d hooked up with must be an old man.
While David Benington was young, rich, handsome, and gentle and generous to her, he was nothing like those old and terrible men.
Just as she started feeling a little superior, two other store attendants walked over and said apologetically, “I’m sorry, Ms.
Joanna, Mr.
David.
We can’t sell you our clothes anymore.
We haven’t touched a single cent from your card, and we’ll return it to you now.”
David Benington was taken aback and then his brow furrowed as he asked with a serious face, “What do you mean, you can’t sell to us anymore?”
“We’re just following orders from above.” The attendant looked innocent, “If Mr.
David has any questions, you can talk to our manager.”
The other attendant was putting away the clothes they had just bought, taking them out of the packaging bags, and hanging them back in the window display.
Annie Lawrence saw this scene and her face turned extremely unpleasant, feeling particularly embarrassed and losing face.
She was so angry that her face turned green, looking extremely aggrieved as she teared up and said, “David, is this my sister’s doing?
We’re trying to help her out of the goodness of our hearts, how could she …”
“You said you know her and that she wouldn’t do such a thing.
But, if she didn’t meet someone very powerful, how could she have so much authority?
David, I don’t want to badmouth my sister, but Jeremy is still in the hospital, she hasn’t been getting any work lately, and now that you’ve broken up with her, her finances will inevitably be tight.”
“She really needs money now…”
Annie Lawrence stopped talking at this point.
David Benington pressed his lips together, and his face was so gloomy it didn’t look right.
*
After leaving the female clothing store, Joanna Lawrence had no mood to continue shopping.
“Lady Joanna, aren’t you going to shop anymore?” The driver accompanied her, respectfully asking.
Joanna Lawrence shook her head.
She felt that her luck was terrible.
Of all the stores in the mall, she had to enter the one where her sister and David Benington also happened to be.
Now, she was so disgusted by the two of them and the store employees that she had lost her appetite for even eating.
At this moment, her phone rang.
She picked it up and saw that the call was from Ashton Heath.
She had just saved his number in her contacts, and the Caller ID showed his name.
“Hello,” Joanna Lawrence answered.
The man’s deep, magnetic, and seductive voice entered her ear, “Are you still shopping?”
“No.” Joanna Lawrence pouted, sounding a bit stuffy.
“Not happy?”
“No…
”
Ashton Heath suddenly said, “It seems like the manager of the mall needs to be replaced.
Joshua Ranson can’t even handle such a simple task.
There is no need for him to be the CEO of Quirky Haven Mall in the Heath Group anymore.”
Manager Joshua Ranson?
Was he talking about the Manager Joshua Ranson who had helped her just now?
Joanna Lawrence was surprised and asked, “Why do you want to replace Manager Joshua Ranson?”
Ashton Heath’s voice was cold, “His work is not up to par; he couldn’t satisfy Lady Boss’s needs, so what’s the point of keeping him?”
###33: Chapter 33: Joanna Lawrence, what do you mean by this?
33: Chapter 33: Joanna Lawrence, what do you mean by this?
Joanna Lawrence:”…”
Her face flushed slightly:”Ahem, it has nothing to do with Manager Joshua Ranson.
He handled everything well, and I have no complaints.”
“Then why are you still unhappy?”
“…Maybe I’m just hungry.” Joanna had no choice but to come up with a random excuse.
She heard a low chuckle from the other side of the phone:”I see.
I’m sorry I made you wait for so long today.
In the future, I’ll try to get off work earlier to be with you.”
Joanna:”Ahem, ahem, ahem …”
That’s not what she meant!
“I’m here.” Ashton Heath paused, then asked, “Do you want me to come upstairs, or…”
“I’ll come to you.” Joanna Lawrence interrupted him before he could finish his sentence, “I’ll be there in a minute.”.
Because of Ashton Heath’s appearance.
She was worried that if he came upstairs, he would attract a lot of attention.
She thought it would be better to keep a low profile.
*
At the underground parking lot.
A black Bentley with its hazard lights flashing.
As soon as Joanna walked over, the back door opened.
Inside the car.
The man held a thin laptop in his hands, lounging lazily.
His cold, deep eyes scanned the computer screen, then looked up to meet Joanna’s gaze directly.
Their eyes locked.
His gaze was as deep as a quiet pool, reflecting her image in his dark pupils.
The light in the underground parking lot was dim.
There were lights inside the car.
He sat in the warm light, his handsome face bathed in a gentle glow, his facial lines very soft.
Even his gaze seemed softer.
Joanna’s heart skipped a beat, and she hesitated.
Ashton stared at her for a few seconds, then turned his head back:”Why are you standing there like an idiot?
Get in.”
“…Oh.”
Joanna took a deep breath, touched her slightly hot cheek, and got into the car.
*
The car door closed.
The space suddenly felt cramped.
A subtle fragrance filled the car.
Unlike the pungent smell of ordinary car air fresheners, it was a pleasing and elegant scent.
Joanna’s heart raced.
Because ever since she got in the car, she felt a pair of eyes on her.
The man beside her did not shy away from looking at her.
Joanna felt uneasy under his scrutiny.
Just as she was about to speak, his low, enticing voice sounded in her ear:”Why didn’t you buy anything?
Did Zack give you the card?”
“He did.”
When he mentioned the card, Joanna remembered that she needed to return it, along with his watch worth over two million dollars.
“Why didn’t you buy anything then?
Didn’t see anything you liked?” Ashton frowned slightly, looking displeased that she hadn’t spent a cent of his money.
Joanna:”…”
She took out the prestige card and the watch worth over 2 million dollars from her bag, and handed them to him:”Ashton Heath, here are your things back.
They are too valuable; Jeremy and I can’t accept them.”
Ashton Heath’s furrowed brows deepened and darkened as he looked at the items she handed him.
His expression was not good:”Joanna, what do you mean?”
With his face darkened, Joanna became a little scared.
She wasn’t usually timid.
But the man sitting next to her had an imposing presence.
Joanna was genuinely intimidated by him.
Under the oppressive and intimidating gaze of his cold eyes, Joanna swallowed nervously:”Ashton Heath, although we are husband and wife now, I don’t feel quite comfortable with our relationship.
I hope you can give me some time to adjust.”
###34: Chapter 34: Stop being mad at me.
Hm?
34: Chapter 34: Stop being mad at me.
Hm?
“You’ve been very kind to Jeremy, and I’m grateful.
However, this watch is really not suitable for him.
Even if you force him to accept it, he wouldn’t dare to wear it out.
If you really want to give him a gift for meeting him, you can choose something less expensive.”
“As for this card…”
She hesitated for a moment and said, “I can earn some money on my own now, so I…”
Before she could finish, the man coldly interrupted: “I can take the watch back for now and give it to him when it’s more suitable.
But as for this card, you must take it.”
“I…”
“If people found out that my wife needed to earn her own money, do you want to humiliate me?”
“I didn’t…”
Ashton raised his hand to interrupt her again, his eyes slightly darkened and cold, “Joanna, were you also this resistant to using David’s money before?”
Joanna was stunned.
She pursed her lips, silent.
Of course, she wasn’t so resistant to spending David’s money.
But could it be the same?
She had known David for so many years, but she had only known him for less than a day.
Her silence made the man beside her even colder.
In the driver’s seat.
Zack noticed the tension between the two from the rearview mirror and mustered his courage to ask, “Mr.
Ashton, Ms.
Joanna, where do you want to go eat?”
Joanna pursed her lips tightly without uttering a word.
She was both frightened and upset with Ashton.
But she didn’t think she was wrong at all.
So what if they were married now?
They had just met for less than a day.
To her, this so-called “husband” was no different than a stranger.
How could she get used to spending a stranger’s money so quickly!
When Joanna was angry, her face would puff up, and her eyes would round, ignoring others by turning her head away.
Seeing her stubborn expression, Ashton felt the vexation in his heart dissipate in an instant.
He chuckled and then placed a hand on her shoulder, turning her body towards him: “Are you mad?”
Joanna pursed her lips, lowered her eyes and refused to speak.
Ashton raised an eyebrow, and the smile deepened on the corner of his lips: “My apologies, I shouldn’t have talked to you that way.
Did I scare you?”
The girl’s eyelashes quivered slightly, her teeth biting tightly onto her tender pink lips, her cheeks still puffed up.
Ashton looked at her for a while, his fingers pinched her chin, lifting her head up.
He lowered his voice, his gaze intense: “Joanna, don’t be mad at me, okay?”
“You can interpret my behavior just now as jealousy.
I was just…
a little jealous of David.”
His cool fingers touched her chin.
As he drew closer, his enchanting scent invaded Joanna’s nostrils.
The way he caressed her earlobe when he called her “Joanna” sent a sudden shiver down her spine.
Her heart trembled along with it.
The man’s rising tone seemed to carry a hint of temptation, making Joanna’s heart flutter.
Her face flushed again, and, at this moment, she couldn’t even remember if she was still angry.
Looking up into his deep eyes, her heart quivered once more, her face blushing furiously.
This man’s face was too handsome and captivating.
His gaze was even more deeply alluring.
If someone wasn’t careful, they could easily become lost in the ocean hidden within his eyes.
###35: Chapter 35: Mr.
“I... I’m not upset,” Joanna Lawrence murmured, her voice slightly strained as the space between them narrowed.
“Is that so?” Ashton Heath paused, his gaze fixed on her with an intensity that seemed to bypass her defensive smile. He reached out, his fingertips offering a light, grounding contact as he tilted her chin upward. His expression, usually a mask of frigid professional detachment, now held a glimmer of something far more complex. “Actions tend to be more convincing than words, Joanna.”
Joanna’s eyes widened. The sudden proximity and the gravity in his voice made her breath catch. She could see the reflection of her own startled expression in the dark depths of his eyes—eyes that seemed to recall every detail of their unconventional first meeting.
Overwhelmed by the shift in the atmosphere, Joanna gently placed a hand on his chest, creating a necessary breath of space. Her face warmed with a light flush. “Ashton, we should be professional. Please.”
Ashton straightened his posture, a subtle, knowing smile playing at the corners of his mouth. He caught the slight tremor in her hands and decided to allow her the space she needed. They had been married for less than twenty-four hours; he had no intention of overwhelming her before the foundation of their partnership was set.
“Very well,” Ashton said, adjusting his cufflinks with practiced elegance. “Nutrition first. We can discuss our... mutual understanding... once we’ve had dinner.”
The implication in his tone sent a fresh wave of heat to Joanna’s face. She looked at him, baffled by the contrast. To the world, Ashton Heath was the epitome of the cold, abstinent tycoon. Yet, in the quiet of their shared space, he possessed a disarming, almost playful directness that she hadn't prepared for.

In the driver’s seat, Zack kept his eyes firmly on the road, though he couldn't help the slight sense of disbelief coloring his thoughts. He had worked for Ashton for years and had never witnessed this side of his employer. The man who usually communicated in cold directives was now navigating the delicate nuances of a new relationship with surprising fluidity.
The vehicle arrived at one of Lightspring’s most exclusive venues—a revolving restaurant perched on the 68th floor, offering a panoramic view of the city’s skyline. It was a place of power and prestige, where the best tables were perpetually reserved under the Heath name.
The floor manager hurried forward as they exited the elevator, his professional mask perfectly in place. “Mr. Ashton, welcome back. Everything is prepared as you requested.”
“Good,” Ashton replied with a curt nod.
The manager’s gaze drifted to Joanna. Seeing her dressed in her modest student attire, a flicker of confusion crossed his features. “And this young lady...?”
Before Joanna could offer an explanation, Ashton’s arm settled firmly around her waist. It wasn't just a gesture of proximity; it was a public declaration. “This is my wife,” he stated, his voice carrying an unmistakable weight of authority.
The manager’s composure shattered for a split second. “Mrs... Mrs. Heath?!” He looked at Joanna as if the city’s architecture had just rearranged itself before his eyes. It took him several heartbeats to recover, after which he bowed deeply. “A profound honor, Mrs. Heath. Please, allow me to lead the way.”
“Thank you,” Joanna managed, feeling the weight of the new title. It was her first encounter with the sheer scale of the respect—and scrutiny—that came with being Mrs. Ashton Heath.
As they walked toward their table, the elegant, subtle scent of the man beside her felt like a protective shield. Ashton leaned in slightly, his voice a low murmur near her ear that only she could hear, grounding her in the midst of the glittering luxury. He wasn't just bringing her to dinner; he was bringing her into his world.
###36: Chapter 36: You Are My Wife, Ashton Heath 
Ashton leaned in slightly, his voice a low, steady resonance that seemed to anchor her in the unfamiliar luxury of the room. “There is no need for unease, Joanna,” he said, his tone carrying the weight of a firm promise. “As my wife, this level of respect is not an anomaly—it is your inherent right. In time, you will realize that the protection and standing offered by the Heath name are far more than just social etiquette.”
The proximity was undeniable. As he spoke, Joanna could feel the steady calm radiating from him, his presence enveloping her in a scent that was elegant and grounding—a mixture of sandalwood and something distinctly, undeniably him.
Her pulse quickened, a staccato rhythm against her ribs. In all her time with David Benington, she had never felt this specific kind of intensity. It wasn't just closeness; it was a total, silent alignment of their worlds.
“Ashton...” she began, turning her head to suggest a bit more professional distance. But the movement was mistimed. As she turned, her cheek brushed against the curve of his smile, a brief, accidental contact that felt like a spark in the quiet space.
Both froze for a heartbeat.
Joanna stared at him, a flush warming her cheeks that no amount of composure could hide. She bit her lip, her eyes bright with a mixture of shyness and a dawning, restless curiosity.
Ashton, too, remained still for several seconds. He watched the way the color rose to her face, his gaze deepening with an undisguised focus. In that silence, the cold, indifferent exterior he showed the world was nowhere to be found.
To the side, Manager Moore stood in a state of professional shock. The rumors surrounding Ashton Heath were legendary—that he was a man of steel, immune to the most calculated charms of the elite. There were stories of high-profile figures attempting to secure his attention through increasingly desperate means, only to be met with a cold, absolute rejection and permanent social exile. Everyone believed Ashton Heath was a man meant to be admired from a distance, never touched.
Yet here, in the soft light of the 68th floor, the initiator was undeniably Mr. Heath himself. The dynamic was unprecedented. It wasn't about a "type" or a superficial preference; it was the way his coldness seemed to thaw specifically in the presence of the woman beside him.

Even after they were seated, the warmth in Joanna’s face remained. Every time the memory of that accidental contact flickered in her mind, her heartbeat would surge again.
Ashton’s gaze never wavered. He watched her with a direct, fervent focus that felt like an invitation to a world she didn't yet understand. Joanna kept her eyes on the table setting, her mind racing.
Why is everything different with him? she wondered. With David, life had been predictable, a series of comfortable expectations. But with Ashton Heath... every moment felt like a threshold. She felt a sense of panic, yes, but beneath it was a growing realization that her life—and her heart—were being irrevocably reshaped by the man sitting across from her.
###37: Chapter 37: Not Picky About Food, Easy to Raise 
About Food, Joanna sat in the high-backed velvet chair, her hands clasped in her lap as she navigated the unfamiliar elegance of the setting. The waiter arrived silently, placing the embossed menus before them.
Ashton glanced at the selections before looking over at her. “Do you have any specific preferences?”
“I’m not particular,” Joanna replied softly. “I appreciate simple flavors.”
“A rare quality,” Ashton noted, a faint, genuine smile easing the usual sharpness of his features. “In a world of complex demands, someone who finds contentment in the simple things is a welcome change. I find that I value that kind of straightforwardness.”
Joanna looked down at the table, her pulse still erratic. Every word he spoke seemed to carry a weight that she wasn't quite sure how to balance. Is he being sincere, she wondered, or is this just another layer of his social armor?
Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, she finally looked up, meeting his direct gaze. “Ashton, may I ask you something... transparently?”
“Always,” he replied, closing the menu and giving her his full attention.
In the soft glow of the restaurant, his features were strikingly defined, radiating a level of confidence that was almost overwhelming. Joanna felt her resolve waver for a second before she pressed on. “Why me? Given your standing and the circles you move in, you have access to individuals who possess every social and strategic advantage. Why choose someone like me for this arrangement?”
She was realistic about her own merits, but she wasn't so idealistic as to think a man of Ashton Heath’s caliber made decisions based on fleeting impressions.
Ashton leaned back, his expression turning thoughtful. “I’ve never been a proponent of deception, Joanna. The truth is clinical: you are the only person who does not trigger my psychological aversion. For years, I’ve maintained a strict perimeter because physical proximity to others was a source of intense discomfort. With you, that barrier simply isn't there.”
Joanna remained silent, recalling what Zack had hinted at earlier. Hearing it directly from Ashton made the reality of his isolation much more poignant.
“But marriage is a profound commitment,” she countered, her brow furrowing. “Shouldn't you wait for someone you truly connect with? Someone you... love?”
“Love?” Ashton’s eyes narrowed slightly, as if he were analyzing an unfamiliar concept. “How do you define that?”
“It’s more than a reaction,” Joanna said, finding her voice. “It’s a sense of missing someone when they’re absent, a genuine contentment when they return. It’s the desire to share your triumphs and your setbacks with them first. It’s a feeling of safety and a profound urge to protect that connection above all else.”
As she spoke, she realized her own face was warming. The symptoms she was describing—the quickened pulse, the constant thoughts—mirrored exactly how she felt in his presence. She stopped abruptly, her heart pounding against her ribs. What am I saying? Am I describing my own reaction to him?
“I... I’m just speaking theoretically,” she added quickly, her eyes darting away.
Ashton watched her for a long moment, the silence between them thick with unspoken realization.
“If we are using your definition,” he said gravely, his voice dropping to a lower, more intimate register, “then consider this: when you are not there, my thoughts return to you. And when you are, the impulse to protect and be near you is the strongest I’ve ever experienced. Joanna, in your professional opinion... does that count?”

###38: Chapter 38: Losing him, you will definitely be very painful 38: Chapter 38: Losing him, you will definitely be very painful Joanna Lawrence froze for a few seconds, her face turning beet red.
Her face was so hot that it felt as if it were on fire.
“Ashton Heath, you, don’t joke around like that with me.”
“It’s not a joke.” The man stared directly into her eyes, revealing an undisguised desire.
“Joanna, I really want you.”
“You…”
Joanna met his deep, burning eyes filled with desire, and in a flurry of panic, decided to flee.
Her face was so red, she looked flustered as she stood up.
“I’m going to the restroom.”
Having said that, she essentially ran away.
*
After washing her face with cold water for some time, Joanna finally felt her face cool down a bit.
Her rapidly beating heart also slowed down gradually.
However, every time she thought about what the man had just said, her heart would start to race again.
He said: Joanna, I really want you.
The deep, seductive voice seemed to resound in her ear again.
Joanna covered her still hot face with her hand, and was about to leave the restroom when she heard a familiar voice behind her.
“Joanna?
Is that you?”
Joanna: “…”
Was her luck really that bad today?
Otherwise, how could she run into Annie Lawrence again at this restaurant?
Before she could speak, she heard Annie’s voice again: “So it really is you.
What brings you to this restaurant?
Did you make a reservation with someone?”
Joanna turned around.
Seeing Annie’s annoying face made her extremely annoyed, and she didn’t show her any kindness.
“Why I’m at this restaurant is none of your business.
Move out of the way and stop blocking the path.”
However, Annie didn’t budge.
She examined Joanna condescendingly.
“Joanna, this restaurant is one of the most high-end foreign cuisine restaurants in Closia.
To dine here, one must make a reservation at least half a month in advance.
And, the minimum spending per person wouldn’t be less than five digits.”
“Based on your current financial situation, I’m afraid you can’t afford to dine at a place like this.”
Joanna looked at her coldly: “Oh, really?
So what?”
Annie bit her lip and said softly, “Joanna, I know things haven’t been easy for you after David broke off the engagement.
After all, you two have known each other for so many years, and even if there’s no love left, there’s still a bond between you.
Losing him must be very painful.”
“But you can’t let yourself sink any further because of it.
Our Lawrence family has a certain status in Closia.
If people find out you’re hanging onto some rich guy, it would be such a scandal.
How would our family face others then?”
“If you want to find a new boyfriend, there are many eligible bachelors in David’s company.
In time, David and I could help you pick a reliable one.
Joanna, you…”
“Annie Lawrence, have you said enough?”
Joanna’s patience had reached its limit, and she couldn’t take it anymore.
“Joanna.” Annie bit her lip, looking at her with false concern.
“I’m only doing this for your own good.
I really don’t want to see you sinking any further.”
“Heh, sinking?” Joanna found this absurd.
With narrowed eyes, Joanna’s gaze was icy and mocking as she looked at Annie’s delicate and pleasant face, devoid of any warmth.
She took a step forward.
“Joanna, what are you trying to do!” Annie immediately covered her face and hastily took a step back.
She had just been slapped by Joanna not too long ago.
###39: Chapter 39: Don’t you think that you’re failing at being a human?
39: Chapter 39: Don’t you think that you’re failing at being a human?
Until now, her face still hasn’t fully recovered from the swelling.
In a few more days, she has to return to the film crew to start shooting.
She absolutely can’t have another injury on her face.
Joanna Lawrence, standing at 168cm, was a good bit taller than Annie Lawrence, who was only 163cm.
When Joanna looked down towards Annie, the coldness in her eyes startled Annie into retreating back another two steps.
Seeing Annie cringe and step back, Joanna lifted her chin slightly, her voice cold, “Annie Lawrence, just because you like to pick up trash, doesn’t mean everyone else is the same.
All you did was to seize an opportunity to pick up a man I discarded.
Do you really think that’s something to be proud of or happy about?”
“Years ago, in order to grab resources, you went from one sugar daddy to another, it’s been tough but you managed to get where you are today.
Now, with wounds healed and pain forgotten, have you also forgotten those past events?
If I had decided to follow your footsteps back then, do you really think Annie Lawrence would be here right now?”
“Leaning on some rich dude?” Joanna spat the words out with contempt.
“That’s your hobby, not mine.”
“Joanna Lawrence, you…”
Annie Lawrence’s face turned a shade dark.
Her facade of being weak and benign, was finally being ripped apart.
She gritted her teeth, seething with resentment, “Do you know what people find most annoying about you?
It’s this smug, holier-than-thou attitude of yours!
What are you still holding out for, even if you’ve known David longer and your feelings for him were deeper, so what?”
“Now, he’s in love with me!”
“Joanna Lawrence, you can’t even keep the man next to you, don’t you feel like a failure?”
Annie yelled until her voice was hoarse, her eyes filled with resentment.
She truly hated Joanna!
She’s hated her ever since they were little.
Whenever Joanna was around, the spotlight was taken away from her.
Joanna’s face, as it was, was an absolute annoyance, but all the men seem to lose themselves whenever they set eyes on her.
It took her a full five years to steal David from her.
Even so, she can’t afford to let her guard down even now.
Because she could feel that David still had feelings for Joanna.
If it hadn’t been for her pregnancy and her making her relationship with David known to Joanna, David wouldn’t have called off the wedding so quickly.
Moreover, the wedding was only called off because Joanna proposed it.
Thinking of this, Annie felt even more resentful.
Filled with jealousy and hatred, she raved, “Joanna Lawrence, let me tell you, not only will I snatch your man, I’ll snatch everything you care about.
You love acting, right?
But as long as I’m in the entertainment industry, you can forget about making it big.”
Watching the fury that Annie displayed, Joanna just lightly curved the corner of her lips, her expression didn’t fluctuate much.
“Annie Lawrence, do you really think you can control everything?”
So, Annie is pompous because she has David’s support.
If a fight for power is to be fought, would she be afraid?
In her ear, she could suddenly hear the words Ashton Heath said to her: ‘Marry me, and you can do whatever you want.
I will have your back.’
Her heart suddenly felt at peace.
That man…
Even though she doesn’t know him very well yet, she does know that he is not someone who would make promises lightly.
With his promise, what does she have to fear?
###40: Chapter 40: Handsome, can I get to know you?
40: Chapter 40: Handsome, can I get to know you?
“Really?” Annie Lawrence despised Joanna Lawrence’s seemingly indifferent manner.
She gritted her teeth and threatened, “Well, let’s see then.
Joanna, you like to play minor roles, don’t you?
So do it for the rest of your life.”
“I want to see just how powerful your sugar daddy is.
If he can make you famous!”
The Benington family may not rule Closia.
But the Benington family’s power is definitely not something that a few nouveau riche can compare to.
Even if Joanna Lawrence is supported by a wealthy sugar daddy, what does it matter?
No matter how powerful her sugar daddy, can he be more powerful than David Benington?
Seeing Annie’s overbearing and arrogant attitude, Joanna Lawrence only chuckled.
She licked her lips and responded indifferently, “Fine, I’ll accompany you to the end.
I also want to see how far David Benington can elevate you.”
She’s not the type to start trouble.
But if someone challenges her, she’s not afraid.
After saying that, she pushed Annie Lawrence aside and walked past her.
Annie Lawrence watched Joanna Lawrence’s departing back, clenched her teeth, and growled resentfully, “Joanna Lawrence, you will come back begging for me.
Just wait and see.”
Joanna Lawrence walked straight out of the washroom without any response.
*
Just after she stepped out, she saw a familiar figure leaning against the wall, as if waiting for someone.
The man stood at 188 cm tall, with his exceptionally long legs crossed casually.
One hand was tucked into his black suit trouser pocket, and he stood with a lazy and relaxed posture.
His hair hung across his forehead, his proudly sharp nose and stiff jawline were extremely attractive.
His thin lips were a pale water-red, full and moist, exuding a seductive luster.
Even though he was bowing his head, obscuring his full features, the parts of his face that were visible were enough to attract attention.
All the women passing by him were peeking at him.
Their faces flushed, under the spell of adolescent infatuation.
A bold woman, blushing, came up to him, and gazes up at him shyly, “Handsome, can we get to know each other?”
Ashton Heath lifted his eyes, his gaze was indifferent, his voice was equally cold, and stated distantly, “No.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Watching the woman’s face turn red in an instance, Joanna Lawrence felt embarrassed for her.
She was aware that Ashton Heath was the type of man who would attract attention wherever he went.
Good-looking, great physique, and excellent demeanor.
He’s definitely the epitome of “walking male hormones”.
It’s perfectly normal for women to flirt with him.
However, Joanna Lawrence found it amusing to watch how he was chased by women and how he dismissively rejected them.
Even if a great beauty tried to flirt with him, he would coldly and directly reject her, without leaving her any face.
By comparison, Joanna Lawrence suddenly realized that Ashton Heath’s attitude towards her was far better.
The woman who was rejected by him was momentarily startled and embarrassed, but then, she still asked persistently, “Why not?”
Joanna Lawrence blinked her eyes, pricking up her ears, and was also curious about how he would respond.
Then Ashton Heath suddenly lifted his head, and his deep and captivating eyes, that could drown people in them, looked straight at her.
The moment their eyes met, Joanna Lawrence was stunned.
###41: Chapter 41 In his eyes, he could only see one Joanna Lawrence 41: Chapter 41 In his eyes, he could only see one Joanna Lawrence The handsome and noble man’s lips curled up slightly.
The cold and distant aura covering him instantly faded away as he slowly straightened his body and took strides with his long legs.
In the astonished gaze of the woman, he made his way over to Joanna Lawrence step by step.
Before Joanna could even react, the man’s tall and straightfigure had already reached her, casting a shadow over her.
Ashton Heath embraced her in his arms, his voice deep: “Baby, why did it take so long for you to use the bathroom?
If you didn’t come out, I’d have gone in looking for you.”
Not far away.
The woman who tried to strike up a conversation saw this scene, what else was there to misunderstand?
After giving Joanna a glance filled with envy and a bit of unwillingness, she turned away awkwardly and left.
Joanna couldn’t help but glance at the woman, hesitated for a moment and asked, “Who is she?
Do you know her?”
She was a very beautiful woman.
Ashton Heath followed her gaze and then casually retracted his eyes: “I don’t know her.”
“But I just saw you talking to her?”
“Hm?” The man was taken aback, then a low laugh sounded from his throat: “Are you jealous?”
Joanna’s face instantly flushed red.
“No…
not at all,” she immediately denied, “I was just asking casually.
I’m not so petty as to be jealous just because you talked to someone else.”
Moreover, she was well aware of her status.
They had only gotten married for certain reasons; they were not truly in love with each other.
They were merely husband and wife in name.
She had no right to be jealous.
The moment she had her marriage certificate with him, Joanna had made it clear to herself that she would not do anything she was not supposed to do.
“You can be that petty.” The man’s deep eyes gazed at her, saying, “Joanna, we’re married now, we’re husband and wife.
You’re my wife, and if you think I’m getting too close to another woman, you have the right to be jealous and angry.”
Joanna raised her eyes, and when they met his deep, dark eyes, her heart suddenly skipped a beat, and her pulse sped up.
“But you really didn’t need to worry about that woman just now.” Ashton Heath laughed softly again, holding her and turning back to the restaurant, “I really don’t know her.
She came over to strike up a conversation, but I have no interest in her at all.”
“As you saw, she has already left,”
“Since we’re married, I’ll behave as a husband should.
So rest assured, I won’t mess around with other women outside, let alone…”
The man’s words trailed off, falling silent.
“Let alone what?” Joanna raised her head to look at him and asked curiously.
“Let alone…” Ashton Heath turned his head, his eyes gazing down at her delicate and beautiful face, a fleeting strange color flashing in the depths of his eyes, “That woman is not even a fraction as good as you, and my taste isn’t that low.”
At that moment, Joanna’s heart, which had just calmed down, began to race crazily once more.
###42: Chapter 42: Joanna also came here to eat?
42: Chapter 42: Joanna also came here to eat?
*
Just after Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath turned to leave, Annie Lawrence came out of the bathroom.
Just in time, she saw Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath’s figures disappear around the corridor.
Although it was just a brief glance, it was enough for her to see that the man holding Joanna was not some short, fat, greasy old man.
He was tall, well-built, and dressed quite impressively.
Even though she didn’t see his face, just that silhouette was enough to make Annie’s heart race.
Surprised, she stood there in a daze, unable to come back to her senses for a while.
Until a voice rang in her ears: “Annie, what’s wrong?”
Annie seemed to snap back to reality, her scattered gaze refocusing.
She blinked and looked at David Benington’s gentle and handsome face, murmuring softly: “David, I just…
saw Joanna.”
“Joanna?”
David’s expression changed slightly: “You mean, Joanna is here for dinner too?”
Of course, David knew the cost of dining at this restaurant.
He also knew that Joanna was currently in a terrible financial situation and couldn’t afford to dine here.
Her appearance could only mean one thing.
Someone brought her here.
Annie noticed every reaction from David, and after a few seconds of silence, a hint of something strange flashed in her eyes.
She frowned slightly, “Yeah, I saw Joanna with a man.
They looked…
very intimate.”
“David, Joanna only broke up with you not long ago, and now…
she already found a new love?”
Annie’s words were loaded with insinuations.
As expected, David’s face turned sour after hearing that.
He clenched his fists, “Are you sure the person you saw was her?”
“I’m sure.” Annie confirmed, “I ran into Joanna in the bathroom just now, and even greeted her.
She’s still blaming me and refuses to forgive me.
She has a deep resentment towards me now.
Just now, she even threatened me.”
As she said this, Annie bit her lip, her eyes showing a hint of grievances.
“Threatened you?
What did she threaten you with?”
Annie lowered her eyes, looking pitiful and lovable, “I noticed she’s been struggling financially lately, so I wanted to introduce her to some job opportunities, but she refused.
She told me not to interfere with her life and accused me of being someone who likes to recycle trash, picking up men she doesn’t want anymore and treating them like treasures.”
David’s face turned pale, “She really said that?”
“David, why would I lie to you?
Judging by Joanna’s tone, it seemed like she had planned to break up with you long ago.”
“David…”
Annie clung to David’s arm, her voice soft and weak, looking anxious and uneasy: “Could it be that Joanna has really met someone powerful?
She feels betrayed by us, so she wants to use that man’s influence to get back at us?”
David’s face grew uglier, his eyes shadowed with darkness.
He felt a surge of anger, as if he had been cuckolded by Joanna.
Even though he and Joanna had already broken off their engagement, deep down, he still thought of Joanna as his woman.
###43: Chapter 43 We can introduce Joanna to him 43: Chapter 43 We can introduce Joanna to him At least, he absolutely couldn’t accept that they had just broken up, and she was already with another man.
After so many years of feelings between them, her heart must still have a place for him.
“Annie, did you get a good look at the man Joanna was with?
What did he look like?” David Benington just wanted to clarify this matter now; he even wanted to find Joanna and ask for an explanation.
“No.” Annie Lawrence shook her head, her eyes flickered a little, thinking of that tall, straight, and extraordinary figure, she lied maliciously, “However, judging from his back, he seemed to be quite old.
He was dressed quite grand though; you can tell he’s very wealthy at a glance.”
Upon hearing that, David’s face turned livid.
His eyes were filled with rage: “So she would rather turn to an old man for help than ask me?
Does she hate me that much?”
“David, you know my sister’s temperament.” Annie added fuel to the fire, “She has always been arrogant, asking others for help is even harder for her than dying.
Besides, she hates us now more than ever.
There’s no way she’ll come to us for help.”
“Even if you want to help, she won’t accept it.”
With that said, Annie sighed softly, her voice filled with concern: “I can’t bear to see Joanna wasting herself like this.
We have to find a way to stop her from falling further.”
David frowned with a somber expression, “You just said she won’t accept our help.
What other options are there?”
Annie’s eyes twinkled as she stepped forward, gently holding David’s arm: “David, doesn’t the Benington Group have a senior executive who’s still unmarried?
We could introduce Joanna to him.”
“Do you mean Manager Prowse?” David knitted his brows, “Isn’t Manager Prowse unsuitable?
He’s already in his forties, more than twenty years older than Joanna.”
“Well, it’s true he’s older, but older men do know how to cherish women.” With an air of sincerity, as if all for Joanna’s good, Annie went on, “He’s more than twenty years her senior, so if they ended up together, he would probably cherish Joanna as if she were his daughter.”
“Besides, he works for your company, and we know him well.
That’s much more reliable than some unknown man from the outside.”
“Moreover, apart from his age, Manager Prowse is quite outstanding in other aspects.
His annual salary must be several million dollars, which could provide Joanna with a good life.
No matter what, it’s got to be better than the man she’s with now.”
In reality, Annie had only met Manager Prowse once.
Not only was he older, but he was also balding, putting on weight, and only about 165 cm tall.
Apart from his decent income, he was quite ordinary in other aspects.
David also remembered what Manager Prowse looked like, and his frown deepened as he remained silent with pursed lips.
“David…” Annie’s soft, gentle voice sounded in his ear, and she went on softly, “In terms of appearance, Manager Prowse is not a match for my sister.
But when looking for a partner, appearance is secondary, character is what’s most important.
I think we can let them meet first.”
David was silent for a long time.
He naturally felt that Manager Prowse was not a match for Joanna either.
But thinking about Annie’s good intentions, he didn’t want to let her down either.
After a moment, he finally nodded, “Alright, tomorrow I’ll ask Manager Prowse what he thinks.”
*
The dining experience at a restaurant with five-figure per capita consumption was indeed different.
Dinner was absolutely delicious.
Following her principle of not wasting food, Joanna ate almost everything on the table.
###44: Chapter 44: Believe in Your Husband’s Economic Strength 44: Chapter 44: Believe in Your Husband’s Economic Strength After eating, she felt incredibly full.
The man sitting across from her elegantly wiped the corner of his lips.
The waiter swiped the card and, with both hands, held out the prestige card, a symbol of status, and bowed as he handed it back to him.
Ashton Heath took it.
Raising his eyes, he glanced at Joanna Lawrence, who was patting her full belly.
The corners of his lips curved up: “You seemed to have a good appetite tonight.
It appears that the dishes here suit your taste.
If you like it, we can come here every day.”
“Ahem, ahem.”
Joanna was drinking water and choked a bit.
Her face flushed a little, and she felt embarrassed.
Was he subtly saying that she had eaten a lot?
She did eat a lot tonight, it seemed.
Of all the dishes on the table, she had eaten at least two-thirds.
In contrast, Ashton Heath, a grown man, ate as daintily as a girl.
“Mmm, the food here is delicious, but it’s too expensive.
It’s way too extravagant to come and eat every day.”
“As long as you like it,” Ashton Heath looked into her eyes, the corners of his lips revealing a charming smile, “Besides, you should trust your husband’s financial strength.
Even if you eat three meals a day here, for the rest of your life, you won’t bankrupt me.”
Joanna: “…”
Alright.
She knew he was wealthy.
A meal costing tens of thousands of dollars might be extravagant for her, but to him, it was probably just like an ordinary person eating a meal worth ten dollars.
When he referred to himself as her “husband” just now, Joanna’s heart raced uncontrollably once again.
She was worried that the frequent increase in her heartbeat would actually lead to a heart attack.
*
After leaving the restaurant, Joanna went to the hospital to visit Jeremy Lawrence.
Since Ashton Heath had nothing to do that evening, he naturally accompanied her.
Knowing how much Joanna cared for Jeremy, he, of course, had to work on building rapport with his little brother-in-law.
“Mr.
Ashton, Ms.
Joanna,”
Seeing the couple exit, Zack, who was waiting outside, respectfully called out before opening the car door.
Once they got in the car, Zack asked for the destination and directed the car towards the hospital.
Just as the luxurious Rolls-Royce Phantom pulled away, Annie Lawrence and David Benington, who had come out of the revolving glass door, stopped in their tracks.
Annie stared at the black Rolls-Royce entering the traffic, her expression frozen for a moment, disbelief flashing in her eyes.
Was Joanna in that car?
Was her sugar daddy the owner of the car?
Annie clearly knew how expensive that Rolls-Royce was.
She had thoroughly researched various luxury brands, regardless of whether it was bags, clothes, jewelry, or cars and houses.
It was a limited edition Rolls-Royce.
At least twenty million dollars in value.
However, that was not the most important point.
The critical factor was that the car’s license plate number consisted of four 8s.
In Closia, only a few people could afford such a license plate number.
At first, she thought Joanna had just found a wealthy man.
But now…
Those four 8s stung her eyes, igniting the jealousy at the bottom of her heart.
Just from that license plate number, Annie knew that the person in the car must have an extraordinary identity.
“David, is the woman in that Rolls-Royce my sister?” Annie bit her lip as she watched the luxurious Rolls-Royce drive further and further away until it disappeared from sight.
David pursed his lips but didn’t speak; however, his face looked ugly.
The windows of the Rolls-Royce were open.
Just now, he saw Joanna, with his own eyes, sitting in that car.
###45: Chapter 45 Heath Ashton, thank you.
45: Chapter 45 Heath Ashton, thank you.
*
At the hospital.
After having dinner, Jeremy was watching TV.
Seeing Joanna coming in, he was very happy and affectionately called out, “Sis.”
“Hmm.” Joanna looked at him and saw that he was in good spirits, much better than when he had just come out of the Emergency Room, and said with relief, “What did you have for dinner?
How do you feel now?”
“Ashton had dinner sent over tonight, and it’s much better than the hospital cafeteria’s food.
I finished it all.
He also bought me a lot of very expensive and high-quality supplements.”
After Jeremy finished speaking, he looked at Ashton Heath and said shyly, “Thank you, Ashton.”
Ashton Heath just responded with a light “Hmm.”
It was only then that Joanna noticed that there were many bags piled up on the coffee table and sofa next to her.
All of them were expensive supplements.
The flowers in the hospital room had also been replaced with the freshest bouquets.
She paused for a few seconds and then looked at Ashton Heath with gratitude in her eyes, “Ashton, thank you.”
She didn’t expect this man to be so attentive to Jeremy’s needs.
His promise to take good care of the two of them was not just empty talk.
Ashton Heath’s dark eyes narrowed, glancing at her, and said in a low voice, “Thank me?
Have you forgotten what I told you before?”
Joanna was taken aback, her eyelashes quivering slightly as she recalled his previous words.
He had told her that he didn’t want to hear the words “thank you” from her anymore.
But at this moment, other than using these two words to express her gratitude, she didn’t know what else to say.
“Sis, Ashton.” Jeremy’s black eyes, which were almost identical to Joanna’s, looked back and forth between the two of them in curiosity, “What secrets are you whispering about?”
“Uh, nothing.”
Joanna avoided Ashton Heath’s gaze, walked quickly to the hospital bed, and picked an orange from the fruit basket, “Jeremy, do you want to eat an orange?
I’ll peel one for you.”
Jeremy blinked, looked at Ashton Heath again, and after a few seconds of thought, shook his head, “I don’t want to eat an orange.
Sis, I suddenly want to eat Small Steamed Buns from the shop at the hospital entrance.
Could you buy some for me?”
“You want to eat steamed buns?”
Rarely hearing Jeremy say that he wanted to eat something, Joanna happily agreed, “Of course, I’ll go buy some for you.”
Ashton Heath was about to tell his bodyguard to buy them, but suddenly realized Jeremy was intentionally getting Joanna to leave the room.
His little brother-in-law seemed to have something to say to him.
*
After Joanna left.
Ashton Heath casually pulled out a chair and sat down, crossing his long legs, and looked at the flustered and uneasy Jeremy on the hospital bed.
Seeing the delicate-faced teenager looking nervous and uneasy, Ashton Heath’s lips curved up slightly, “Do you have something to say to me?”
His little brother-in-law was just like his sister.
Both were timid and shy.
In front of the two siblings, Ashton Heath’s patience and temper became much better.
When he talked to Jeremy, his attitude was already very gentle.
However, for Jeremy, he didn’t feel much gentleness…
He felt that his brother-in-law had such a powerful presence and every time he just happened to sit down, it was like an emperor.
Being alone in a room with him, Jeremy felt a lot of pressure
He mustered up the courage to raise his head and meet Ashton Heath’s eyes, “Ashton, can I ask you a question?”
###46: Chapter 46: Besides her, there won’t be any other woman 46: Chapter 46: Besides her, there won’t be any other woman The beautiful boy’s voice was a little timid.
Ashton Heath nodded: “Yeah, go ahead and ask.”
Jeremy hesitated for a moment: “Ashton, do you really like my sister, Joanna?”
Ashton was slightly taken aback, not expecting him to ask that question.
“Are you worried that I’m not sincere towards Joanna?” He answered with a counter-question.
Jeremy hesitated again and stammered, “Ashton, you’re a great catch, and I’m sure there are many women who like you.
Although my sister is very beautiful, I don’t think you lack beautiful women around you either.”
“David…
Joanna and David Benington have known each other for a whole decade, but in the end, he still cheated on her.
Joanna has already been hurt by him once, and I don’t want her to be hurt again.”
Although Jeremy was a little afraid of Ashton, he still mustered up the courage to speak up for Joanna’s happiness.
He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth at Ashton: “If you dare to let my sister down, I won’t let you off the hook!”
Ashton Heath: “…”
For the first time in his life, he was being threatened.
And it was by his own nephew.
But Ashton wasn’t angry.
He knew that the siblings cared for each other, and Jeremy’s actions were out of concern for his sister, fearing that Joanna might be deceived.
After a moment of silence, he curled his lips: “Do you want to hear the truth?”
The beautiful boy on the hospital bed clenched his fists: “Of course!”
Ashton laughed softly, then said, “In fact, Joanna and I didn’t get together because of love, so I can’t answer whether I like her or not.”
Jeremy frowned, looking somewhat angry: “You…
”
“Is it so important whether I like her or not?” Ashton raised an eyebrow, “You just said so yourself, she and David had ten years of feelings, and they were betrayed, weren’t they?”
“You’ve excluded Joanna to ask me so many questions, aren’t you just worried that I might end up like David?
I can’t guarantee that I’ll definitely fall in love with her, but since I chose her, I won’t let her down.”
Jeremy was stunned, his eyes revealing a hint of confusion: “You mean…
”
“I can’t guarantee anything about feelings.
But what you’re worried about won’t happen.”
Seeing the boy still looking confused, Ashton got up, went to the bedside, reached out his hand, and gently patted his frail shoulders, “Jeremy, Joanna is special to me.
You could say she’s one of a kind for me.
The woman who accompanies me for the rest of my life will only be her, and there won’t be any other woman.”
*
Joanna had bought some steamed buns and come back, but Jeremy had no appetite after eating just one.
The two of them chatted for a while until Jeremy showed signs of fatigue.
Only after Joanna watched him fall asleep did she leave the hospital.
The cool night breeze was refreshing on her face.
It took her a few minutes to walk from the inpatient department to the hospital’s main entrance.
All around, it was quiet.
Joanna gazed down at the shadows on the ground.
The man’s shadow was slightly taller, completely covering her own.
Joanna was fascinated with this sight, and without paying attention, she stepped on a small stone.
Her foot slipped, and her body was about to topple forward.
“Ah.”
She let out a soft cry, expecting to hit the ground, when a strong arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her back up securely.
Joanna bumped into the man’s warm, firm chest.
Above her was a deep, mocking laugh: “My shadow is so interesting to look at?
Is it even better-looking than me, the person casting it?”
###47: Chapter 47: In your eyes, am I still just a stranger?
47: Chapter 47: In your eyes, am I still just a stranger?
Joanna Lawrence’s face turned red in an instant, and after steadying herself, she hastily pushed him away.
He actually found out…
How embarrassing!
Biting the corner of her lips, her heart was in such a panic that she didn’t dare to look at him.
Blushing, she said, “Just now…
thank you.”
“Thank you?”
Ashton Heath stopped in his tracks.
The man turned around, his tall and straight figure casting a large shadow that completely enveloped the petite figure in front of him.
His eyes were slightly downcast, and his attractive eyebrows were knit together.
“Do you like saying thank you to me that much?
In your eyes, am I still just an outsider?”
Joanna blinked, “I…
”
After saying just one word, the man reached out and pulled her into his arms again.
That strong arm forcefully circled around her waist.
The other hand pinched her delicate jaw, lifting it slightly, forcing her to look him in the eye.
Catching sight of his deep, dark eyes, panic flashed in Joanna’s eyes.
“Ashton Heath…
”
Ashton half-closed his eyes, his gaze fixating on her light pink lips, his eyes deepening in color.
He spoke, his voice low and deep, “Joanna Lawrence, I am your husband, and you must get used to me quickly.
I will give you one week to adjust.
After one week, if you still cannot adapt, I will handle our relationship in my own way.”
As his words fell, he drew closer, lowering his head to kiss her lips as she stared in astonishment.
As their lips and teeth clashed, a satisfied sigh came from his throat.
Her lips were just as sweet as he remembered.
Once tasted, they were addictive.
Joanna’s body stiffened as he kissed her, and her mind went blank for a few seconds.
Her eyes widened as she took in the handsome face mere inches away, feeling dizzy for a moment.
Her heart raced wildly, her entire chest vibrating as though her heart would leap out of her throat at any second.
“You need to close your eyes when you kiss,” the man’s warm, dry palm covered her eyes.
Joanna felt weak all over as he kissed her, her cheeks flushed.
Just when she thought she was about to faint from lack of oxygen, Ashton slowly ended the kiss.
He reluctantly nibbled on the corner of her lips before letting her go.
Joanna leaned against him, taking in deep breaths.
Ashton looked down at her, his eyes ablaze and his voice hoarse, “Don’t you know how to breathe when you’re kissing?
Didn’t your ex-fiancé teach you?”
Her inexperience was beyond his expectations.
Be it her inexperience that night or now, it was all very surprising to him.
He remembered that it had been her first time that night.
How could she still be so inexperienced in matters between men and women after being with David Benington for so many years?
He found it hard to restrain himself from touching her, yet he couldn’t believe that David was an abstinent man either.
###48: Chapter 48: My Patience Has Limits 48: Chapter 48: My Patience Has Limits Joanna Lawrence had a hard time catching her breath, lifting her head, her still enchanting black eyes glared at him, annoyed, “How could you… ”
“Of course, I can.”
Ashton Heath tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and smirked, “Joanna, I’m your husband.
We are husband and wife now, don’t you think I can?”
“So, Joanna …you’d better get used to me quickly.
My patience is limited, you know?”
As Joanna stared at the man’s extremely handsome face, which suddenly enlarged in front of her eyes, his warm and moist breath on her lips made her heartbeat erratic again.
*
Joanna was still a student, a junior in college, and soon would be entering her internship.
Usually, she lived on campus.
With the two-day weekend coming to an end, she would have to attend class tomorrow.
Getting in the car, thinking about the kiss just now, she still felt restless, unable to calm down for a long time.
The man’s kiss was too passionate and too dominating.
Joanna had never experienced such intense kissing before, as David Benington had always been gentle with her.
She was a little frightened.
For a moment, she did not know how to face the man beside her.
As she panicked, she heard Zack, who was in the driver’s seat, respectfully ask: “Mr.
Ashton, shall we go back directly?”
Ashton Heath glanced at the flushed girl beside him and said lightly, “Mhm.”
Once Zack got confirmation, he began driving away.
Suddenly returning to her senses, Joanna turned to Ashton Heath and asked, “Where are we going now?”
Ashton opened his laptop and succinctly replied: “Home.”
Joanna’s face changed: “Home?
Whose home?”
“What do you think?” As if he found her question amusing, Ashton Heath looked up at her and smirked, “So, we are married, and you never thought that we would have to live together in the future?”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
She really hadn’t thought about it.
Hearing him say that they had to live together, she felt completely unsettled.
“But, but I’m still in school,” she said nervously, “I have to stay on campus.
Our school has rules forbidding us from renting houses outside.”
At first, she thought that since she was still in school and would have to live on campus, they wouldn’t see each other very often.
That’s why she was so relieved to put her name on the marriage application form.
She thought that perhaps he was just caught up in the moment with her, and if they didn’t see each other often, he might forget about her soon.
Ashton Heath said nothing, staring into her eyes for a few seconds before his thin lips curved upward.
As if he had seen through her little scheme, Ashton closed the laptop he had just opened, stretched out his long arm, and pulled the delicate woman beside him into his embrace.
With one hand, he gripped Joanna’s chin, leaned in, and said, “If I’m not mistaken, today is the weekend.
You’re going to school tomorrow, right?”
The petite woman in his arms was soft and fragrant.
Ashton lowered his head and sniffed the faint aroma from her hair, “Stay with me tonight, and I’ll take you to school tomorrow.”
When he suddenly embraced her and made her sit on his lap, Joanna’s face turned red instantly.
She pushed him a little.
“Ashton Heath, let go of me…”
###49: Chapter 49: I Have Everything Prepared 49: Chapter 49: I Have Everything Prepared But he caught her little hand.
He pinched her palm gently, chuckled softly, and said, “I’ve told you, you must get used to me quickly.
Joanna, I’m your husband.
Any intimate act I perform towards you is completely normal.
I like you, that’s why I act this way.”
The girl had a delightful youthful scent.
Ashton Heath’s eyes shimmered as he held her chin, leaned slightly downwards, and amidst her surprised and panicked gaze, he kissed her again.
“Hmm…”
Joanna Lawrence’s shocked voice was muffled entirely by the man.
In the tangle,
Their breaths mingled together.
Between breaths, between lips and teeth, was all the man’s captivating, domineering scent.
In the front driver’s seat,
Zack, glancing at the scene in the rear-view mirror, couldn’t help but blush.
He never thought that the young master Ashton could also be this passionate.
Whoever claimed that Mr.
Ashton was chaste and lacked desire, didn’t like women, and was not interested in them?
This was clearly very interesting!!
Well, well, it was truly a joyful event.
He had been worried if there was something wrong with Mr.
Ashton, but now, he could finally put his heart at ease.
Looking at how much Mr.
Ashton and Ms.
Joanna adored each other, it wouldn’t be surprising if the little young master comes along soon.
“You can live at school usually, but you should come to my place during the holidays.
Hmm?” Ashton Heath finally ended the kiss when Joanna was about to faint from lack of oxygen.
The man rested his forehead against hers, the last inflection of the word “Hmm” on the rise, was seductively enticing.
Joanna Lawrence raised her head cloudily to look at him, her eyes covered in a layer of mist.
Ashton Heath held the young girl’s delicate, palm-sized face against his forehead, and rubbed it gently.
“Joanna, don’t refuse me.
Come to my house?”
Facing his eyes that were darker than the night, Joanna Lawrence seemed entranced, unable to utter any words of refusal: “But…but…I did not bring any change of clothes.”
“Heh,” Ashton Heath chuckled lightly from his throat, caressed her forehead again.
His dark eyes gazed down at her, “I’ve arranged for everything you would need for your daily life.” 
###50: Chapter 50: Will You Really Be My Savior?
50: Chapter 50: Will You Really Be My Savior?
“If you need anything, just let me know, and someone will prepare it for you.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Everything will be prepared?
Why did she feel that…he had been considering inviting her to his home all along?
*
They were halfway through the ride.
Unable to resist sleep any longer, Joanna dozed off in the car.
Her head rested against the window, and perhaps because this position was somewhat uncomfortable, her brows occasionally furrowed in her sleep.
Several times, her head bumped against the window with a dull ‘thud’.
Ashton Heath was handling some emails on his laptop.
Before he even finished, he turned his head towards the sound next to him and took a glance.
Seeing the sleeping girl with furrowed brows, Ashton closed his laptop, massaged the space between his brows and murmured quietly, “Zack, slow down a bit.”
“Yes, Mr.
Ashton.”
After putting his laptop to the side, Ashton extended his hand and gently lifted the sleeping Joanna over to him, adjusting her position so that she was lying across his lap.
Then, he draped the jacket he had taken off over her.
A few strands of hair had fallen across her eyes.
He brushed them aside and looked down at her for a few seconds, his large hand on her fair cheek, touching her delicate features gently.
“Joanna…”
His slender pale fingers grazed over the girl’s beautiful features.
A hint of expectation appeared in his deep, cold eyes as he softly murmured, “Denver Lancaster says you could be my saviour.
Are you really my saviour?”
Zack happened to witness this tender moment, and he was so shocked that his hand trembled, causing the black Rolls-Royce to momentarily veer off track, almost hitting the guardrail next to it.
Frantic, he quickly corrected the steering wheel, his forehead breaking out in a cold sweat.
The movement of Ashton’s hand caressing Joanna’s cheek paused, he looked up, his icy gaze narrowed and he warned in a deep voice, “Be careful.”
“Yes, yes, Mr.
Ashton.”
Zack wiped his cold sweat, no longer daring to be distracted.
*
An hour later.
The black Rolls-Royce drove into a luxurious mansion located halfway up the mountain in the suburbs.
The heavy Carved Copper Gate opened slowly, and the security guard in the guardhouse at the entrance saluted the people inside the car.
Tall sycamore trees lined either side of the road, and the expansive well-maintained turf was neat and orderly.
The Rolls-Royce then drove forward, finally stopping next to a fountain.
Having parked the car, Zack got out and walked around to open the back door.
As Ashton got out, the butler Rowan came forward immediately, bowing at a right angle and respectfully said, “Good evening, Mr.
Ashton.”
“Hmm.”
Ashton nodded slightly, leaned into the car, reaching to lift the sleeping Joanna out.
When he emerged from the car again holding Joanna, Rowan was taken aback, his eyes wide open in shock.
As if he had just heard that the apocalypse was upon them, his face conveyed disbelief.

Was he seeing things?!
The person in Mr.
Ashton’s arms…
was a woman?!
He felt a considerable shock.
He quickly turned to look at Zack, his eyes questioning what was happening.
Zack returned his gaze implying, yes, it is exactly as you see.
Rowan: “…”
He felt out of sorts.
Distraught, rather.
That afternoon he had received a call from Mr.
Ashton, instructing him to buy some women’s personal items.
At that time, he didn’t think much of it and assumed that Mrs.
Heath or Madam Heath would be visiting for a while.
But who would have thought, the woman was neither Mrs.
Heath nor Madam Heath.
It was the woman in Mr.
Ashton’s arms!!
###51: Chapter 51: From now on, she is the hostess of Heath Villa.
51: Chapter 51: From now on, she is the hostess of Heath Villa.
Wasn’t young master allergic to women?
Wasn’t he supposed to have an allergic reaction upon contact with women?
Wasn’t he supposed to regard women as poison?
Thinking of Ashton Heath’s odd disease, Butler Rowan was the first to check if he had any signs of an allergic reaction.
Not finding any abnormality, he still anxiously asked, “Mr.
Ashton, do we need to call Dr.
Lancaster immediately?”
Young master’s strange ailment had always been treated by Dr.
Lancaster, who knew his condition best.
Ashton Heath glanced at him, his gaze somewhat cold: “No need.”
“But, Mr.
Ashton, your health…”
“No problem.”
Butler Rowan widened his eyes again, too astonished to speak.
What did Mr.
Ashton mean when he said it was no problem?
Was he not allergic to the woman in his arms?
My God, if that was true, wouldn’t it be worth celebrating for everyone?
But before Butler Rowan could recover from the shock, Ashton Heath casually dropped another line, “This is Ms.
Joanna, from now on, she is the hostess of Heath Villa.
Pass on the order that no one is allowed to disrespect Ms.
Joanna.
To see her is to see me.
If anyone disobeys, they will be immediately expelled from Heath Villa.”
With that, he carried Joanna Lawrence into the White Castle ahead.
Watching his young master carry away the suddenly appeared “young madam,” Rowan was still stunned on the spot.
“!!!”.
The nearly sixty-year-old uncle looked at Zack with a skeptical look, “Gavin, what’s going on?
Is that really the young madam?”
Zack also had a difficult expression on his face: “Yes, she and young master went to the Civil Affairs Bureau to get a marriage certificate, and I drove them there.”
Rowan: “Did Sir Darren and the lady know about this?”
Zack shook his head.
Rowan’s expression became subtle: “I think there’s more to this matter.
Sir Darren might be okay, but the lady, I’m afraid…”
Zack and he were on the same page, and both frowned.
The Heath family’s door was not so easy to enter.
*
Ashton Heath carried Joanna Lawrence into the hall.
Several maids were surprised when they saw their young master, who never went near women, actually bring a woman back.
Their eyes almost fell to the floor in shock.
After Ashton went upstairs.
A group of people couldn’t help but gather together to discuss.
“Did my eyes deceive me just now?
The young master was actually carrying a woman!!”
“You weren’t seeing things; I saw it too!!”
“Isn’t the young master allergic to women?
Why can he hold her now?
Who is she that young master even brought her back to Heath Villa!”
At this time, another maid ran down from the upstairs.
Because she ran too fast and was too anxious, she almost tripped.
She covered her mouth, extremely astonished: “Oh my God, let me tell you, I just saw the young master carry a woman into his bedroom!!
Can you believe it?
Tell me I’m not hallucinating.”
The other women looked at each other, already too shocked to know what to say.
The young master, who had always avoided women due to his allergies, suddenly brought a woman back and even carried her into his bedroom!!
Who in Heath Villa didn’t know that the young master’s bedroom was off-limits?
Even the lady wasn’t allowed to enter the young master’s bedroom casually.
They didn’t even have the qualification to step in.
The sanitation of the young master’s bedroom was personally cleaned by Butler Rowan.
The fact that the young master allowed a woman into his bedroom, what did it mean?
###52: Chapter 52: She Becomes His Only Exception 52: Chapter 52: She Becomes His Only Exception “Just now, Mr.
Ashton brought a woman in, did you all see that?”
As everyone was wondering about Joanna Lawrence’s identity, Mr.
Rowan walked in.
The maids saw him and respectfully called out, “Butler Rowan.”
Rowan nodded, his sharp eyes sweeping over the crowd, and said authoritatively, “That’s Ms.
Joanna, our hostess from now on.
If any of you dare to be even slightly disrespectful towards her, leave immediately.
Did you all hear that clearly?”
The maids widened their eyes in shock, their faces full of disbelief.
After a few seconds, they replied in unison, “Yes, we understand.”
After Rowan left.
There were gasps of astonishment from the crowd.
“My goodness, she’s actually Mr.
Ashton’s wife?”
“So, did Mr.
Ashton just suddenly get married?”
“Who am I?
Where am I?
What have I been through?”
*
Joanna slept soundly.
Ashton Heath carried her into the bedroom and placed her on a large black bed.
During the whole process, she never woke up once.
The young girl’s petite body seemed even more delicate and frail on the soft, spacious bed.
Tiny and curled up as soon as her body touched the bed, she looked like an adorable and soft kitten.
Her shoulder-length hair draped down, covering half of her face.
The other half that was visible was calm, docile, and irresistibly charming.
Ashton sat by the bed, touched her soft little face, gazed at her quietly for a while, and then gently kissed her lips.
The sweet scent on her lips stirred his emotions.
Before her, he never knew that his self-control was so poor.
He underestimated the attraction she had on him.
Perhaps this woman was truly his savior.
He resisted all women, but he couldn’t resist her alone.
It must be said, it was as if God had deliberately arranged this, making it so he couldn’t accept any other woman, and making her the only exception.
“Joanna.” The man’s voice was deep and in the quiet night, it carried a bewitching allure, “If you are God’s arrangement for me, then stay by my side forever, and never leave me.”
“And I will never let you go again.”
*
The next day when she woke up, Joanna found herself lying in a strange bed.
The bedroom was large and luxurious, and every piece of decoration inside revealed its high price.
The bed was pure black, with black sheets and blankets.
Even the wall lamp’s shade was black.
This was a room full of masculinity.
Her clothes had been changed, and she was wearing a set of light purple silk pajamas.
The material was soft and silky, clearly very expensive.
She sat up holding the blanket, leaned against the headboard, and stared blankly for several seconds before suddenly coming back to her senses.
She found her phone, checked the time, and her face changed again.
She immediately jumped out of bed.
After washing up and getting ready as quickly as possible, she dashed out of the room and ran downstairs.
*
Just as she rushed downstairs, she saw a man in a black uniform who looked about fifty years old.
Seeing her, the man stepped back, bowed deeply at a ninety-degree angle, and respectfully greeted, “Good morning, Ms.
Joanna.”
###53: Chapter 53: Can’t go to school on an empty stomach 53: Chapter 53: Can’t go to school on an empty stomach Joanna Lawrence was startled.
She opened her eyes wide, a little frightened, and stepped back a bit, “Who are you?”
Mr.
Rowan smiled, looking at the young Ms.
Joanna who was not even twenty years old, and said gently, “I am the housekeeper of the Heath Villa, Mr.
Rowan.
Mr.
Ashton is having breakfast in the dining room.
Are you also going to have breakfast now, Ms.
Joanna?”
Heath Villa…
Joanna was in a trance for a moment, then turned her head to look around, taking in the luxurious and extravagant mansion before her.
So this is Ashton Heath’s house.
At first, she thought it was just a villa or something.
But now…
She realized that it was indeed her poverty that limited her imagination.
This castle-like mansion was much larger than any villa.
“Is Ashton still at home?” She’d just checked the time and thought he’d already gone to Heath Group.
Upon hearing her call Ashton’s name directly, Mr.
Rowan hesitated for a moment, but soon his face returned to its usual expression, nodding, “Yes, Mr.
Ashton is at home.”
“Oh.”
Joanna nodded and said, “Then I’ll go find him.
Please show me the way.”
Mr.
Rowan hurriedly replied, “You’re too kind, Ms.
Joanna.”
*
When Joanna walked for a few minutes before finally arriving at the dining room, she felt it was indeed necessary for Mr.
Rowan to lead her there.
Otherwise, she would surely lose her way.
At the dining table with white carved patterns, several meters long, the man in loose casual home clothes held a cup of coffee and elegantly took a sip.
Hearing the footsteps, he looked up.
His deep black eyes fell on Joanna, gazing at her for a few seconds; the man’s handsome eyebrows furrowed slightly.
As soon as he furrowed his brow, Joanna couldn’t help but feel tense.
She always felt like she had done something wrong.
A moment later.
Ashton raised his arm and waved to her, “Come here.”
The man’s voice was as usual domineering and strong, carrying the majesty of a long-standing superior position, as if commanding her.
Joanna walked over.
Stopping about a meter away from him.
She looked down at the man’s stunning, devilishly handsome face, her heart rate uncontrollably quickening; after taking a deep breath, she managed to calm her emotions.
Frowning, she said anxiously, “Ashton, I have something to tell you.”
However, the man seemed unhurried, glanced at her, and said indifferently, “Sit down and eat first, we can talk about it later.”
“But…” Joanna said hurriedly, “I don’t have time for breakfast now.
Can you ask someone to take me to school right away?
I have a very important class today that I can’t miss.”
“What class?
What time does it start?” The man’s voice was still indifferent, unhurried.
“Performance class,” Joanna took out her phone and checked the time again, growing more anxious, “It starts at ten.
There’s less than an hour left…”
“Hmm.” Ashton nodded, indicating he knew about it.
Then, he didn’t say anything more.
His attitude made Joanna extremely anxious.
“Ashton, you said you’d take me to school last night.
You can’t break your word.”
“Why are you in such a hurry?
It’s not like I’m not letting you go.” Ashton tapped the table lightly, motioning her to sit down, “Eat first.”
Joanna couldn’t eat at all.
“I…”
“Joanna, be good.” The man’s voice dropped a few notches, laced with a gentle tone as if coaxing a child, “I’ll help you with the class issue, you don’t need to worry.
No matter how anxious you are, you still have to eat breakfast, you can’t go to school on an empty stomach.”
###54: Chapter 54: Married a Very Awesome Husband 54: Chapter 54: Married a Very Awesome Husband After saying that, he took out his phone and dialed a number.
Soon, Joanna heard him speaking to the person on the other end with an authoritative tone, “There’s a performance class at Closia Film Academy, Department of Art and Performance at ten in the morning.
Find someone to inform them and change the time.”
“Hmm, change it to the afternoon.”
It took less than a minute for him to hang up the phone.
He put down his phone, looked up at Joanna, and said, “The class has been changed to the afternoon.
Now, can you eat with peace of mind?”
Joanna: “”
Meow, is it really possible to do that?
He just made a phone call, saying to change the time, and the time was changed?
It seemed like she married a very powerful husband.
Although she knew that Ashton Heath’s identity was already powerful, she always felt that he was just good at making money.
Only now did she carefully think about it and remember that her husband was not merely talented in making money.
Not only was the Heath family wealthy enough to rival a country, but they also held a prominent position in other areas.
It was said that the next presidential candidate would be Young Master Brandon, Brandon Heath.
If she remembered correctly, a few of their school’s libraries and teaching buildings were funded by the Heath Group.
At this moment, Joanna suddenly realized that she had married into a very remarkable family.
She also suddenly realized how excellent her husband’s qualifications were.
He was highly esteemed, handsome, and already at the pinnacle of the commercial empire at a young age, becoming a legend admired and sought after by countless others.
He was also the ideal partner for many well-bred ladies.
Such a man originally belonged to a completely different social class than hers.
Under normal circumstances, they wouldn’t have the chance to intersect in their lives.
But now…
He had actually become her husband.
Even she herself found it incredible.
If it weren’t for her special nature that interested him, he wouldn’t have looked at her with his qualifications, right?
Thinking about it, Joanna felt that she had indeed taken advantage of this marriage.
“Come here.”
Seeing her still standing there, Ashton frowned with some dissatisfaction, “Why are you still standing there?”
“Oh.”
Joanna pushed away a chair beside her, but before she could sit down, she saw Ashton frown again.
With a tap of his slender finger on the table, he spoke in an authoritative tone, “Sit beside me.”
Joanna glanced at the position next to him, hesitated for a few seconds, and sat down.
Before settling down, Ashton reached out with his long arm, embraced her around the waist, and held her in his arms.
Joanna sat on his lap, his strong arm encircling her waist, gently pinching the soft flesh of her waist.
Surrounded by a young girl, the fragrance filled his nose.
He leaned in close to her hair and took a deep breath, his expression somewhat intoxicated.
“What perfume do you usually wear?
Why does your body smell so good?”
Why would her scent be so pleasant?
As soon as she got close to him, he felt an inexplicable sense of comfort.
It seemed as if every cell in his body had relaxed.
After last night, he was sure that she was the one destined for him.
Last night, he slept very well, just like the previous time, and didn’t wake up until daylight.
Not only did he sleep for a full seven hours, but he also didn’t wake up midway or have that nightmare again.
These ordinary experiences for others were luxuries for him.
Her appearance lit up the lamp in the dark world he lived in.
From then on, he saw the light.
She would never know how important she was to him.
###55: Chapter 55: Has Heath Ashton really never been in a relationship before?
55: Chapter 55: Has Heath Ashton really never been in a relationship before?
“I, I didn’t use any perfume.” As he held her like this, Joanna’s face flushed, shyly saying, “Ashton Heath, let me go.”
Several maids were in the dining room.
Seeing this scene, they were surprised, envious, and resentful.
This mysterious Ms.
Joanna seemed to be greatly favored by Mr.
Ashton.
Although she’s very pretty, she looks quite young, and it’s said that she’s a student.
They didn’t expect the young master to fall for a young girl like her.
Not only did Ashton Heath not let her go, he even lifted her chin and gently caressed it, his voice low, “Hugged me the whole night last night, and now you’re not letting me hug you?”
Joanna’s eyes widened, “I…
I last night…”
“Mhm.” Ashton’s finger grazed her cheek, his voice softly murmured, “Like an octopus, clinging to me tightly.
You slept sweetly while I didn’t sleep well the whole night.”
Joanna’s face turned an even deeper shade of red.
She was so tired yesterday that she fell asleep in his car.
She didn’t remember anything that happened afterward.
Thinking of spending the night in the same bed, her heartbeat accelerated considerably.
She was glad she had fallen asleep early, so she didn’t have to face the embarrassment of sharing a bed.
Blushing, she asked, “So, the clothes I’m wearing…”
“Of course, I changed them for you.
My woman can only be seen by me alone.”
“You, you changed them for me?” Joanna’s eyes widened even more, her face burning as if it were on fire, flushed to the core.
Embarrassed again?” Ashton pinched her chin, smiling at her shy appearance, “Why do you get embarrassed so easily?
Baby, I’m your husband, isn’t it normal for me to change your clothes for you?”
“Ashton Heath, don’t say anything more…”
As he spoke these words that made her blush and her heart race, Joanna felt her face getting hotter and hotter.
Especially when he called her “baby,” it was as if he was weaving a spell, making her heart tremble deliciously.
At this moment.
Joanna seriously doubted the truth of the words Zack had told her.
Had Ashton Heath really never been in a relationship before?
How could he be so good at flirting?
Even as a woman with a romantic history of her own, she couldn’t help but feel her heart race under his charm.
“Baby, do you know what I want to do right now?” Ashton whispered, slowly getting closer, his warm breath spilling onto her ear, and in a low voice, “I want to…”
Only the two of them could hear what he said.
Joanna felt as if her little heart was about to burst.
With teary eyes, she looked up, “Ashton Heath, I’m hungry, I want to have breakfast.”
At that moment, the maid brought Joanna’s breakfast over.
There was foreign cuisine, foreign cuisine, and various pastries and fruits.
In short, it was a sumptuous spread.
However, Ashton Heath showed no intention of letting her go.
###56: Chapter 56: I allow you to leave?
56: Chapter 56: I allow you to leave?
With one hand holding her, he picked up a glass of milk from the table with the other and fed it to her, “Come, drink some milk first.”
Joanna: “…”
“Can I do it myself…”
“Hm?” The man raised his eyebrows, a seductive smile appearing on his devilishly handsome face.
“Don’t like this way?
Want me to feed you mouth to mouth?”
“…”
Joanna sobbed, not daring to make any more requests.
Her face turned red as she drank the milk, one mouthful at a time, held by the man.
The maids behind her were almost in tears from envy.
Oh, Ms.
Joanna is just too lucky.
Having obtained such affection from Mr.
Ashton, she’s beyond content in this life!
At the same time, they became even more aware of Joanna’s position in Ashton Heath’s heart.
This lady is very much loved by their young master, so they must treat her with respect.
*
Even eating breakfast made Joanna’s heart race.
It seemed like Ashton was addicted to feeding her.
Throughout the meal, Joanna didn’t lift her hands at all.
After eating, Ashton went upstairs to change clothes, while Joanna waited for him in the Living Room.
Ten minutes later, Ashton came downstairs in his new outfit.
The moment she saw him, Joanna was momentarily stunned.
His haute couture tailored suit fit perfectly, accentuating his broad shoulders, narrow waist, and long legs, making his already perfect figure that could outdo any supermodel even more eye-catching.
Those long, straight, and powerful legs were visually striking.
Clad in a suit and leather shoes, he exuded an unparalleled, cold, and aloof temperament, with a strong sense of self-restraint from head to toe.
Looking at his handsome and profound face, Joanna’s heartbeat suddenly quickened by two beats.
“Mr.
Ashton, the car is ready.” Mr.
Rowan walked over and said respectfully.
“Mhm.” Ashton adjusted the buttons on his sleeve and walked towards Joanna.
“Let’s go.
I’ll take you to school.”
*
Joanna didn’t know whether Ashton really didn’t sleep well last night, but he had his eyes closed and was resting on the way there.
Only at such times would Joanna’s courage grow a little bolder.
While he was asleep, she would occasionally turn her head to sneak a peek at him.
As soon as she thought of all the intimate things he had done to her before, her face would become burning hot.
Her heartbeat quickened as well.
As they approached the school, Joanna asked Zack to park the car in a less conspicuous spot.
Although she was married to Ashton now, she didn’t want too many people to know about it.
Zack parked the car.
Just as Joanna was wondering whether or not to say goodbye to Ashton, the man beside her slowly opened his eyes.
His eyes, blacker than the night, looked at her.
With a slightly hoarse voice, he asked, “Are we at the school?”
“Yes,” Joanna nodded.
“I’m going to get off now.
Then…
see you later.”
With that, Joanna opened the car door, preparing to exit.
“Did I say you could leave?”
From behind her, the man’s indifferent voice made Joanna’s attempt to exit the car freeze.
She turned her head: “…Is there anything else?”
The noble and handsome man frowned, sounding slightly displeased, “Come here.”
Joanna hesitated for a moment, but still moved closer.
As soon as she neared him, Ashton pulled her into his arms.
Before she could react, a hot kiss descended upon her.
Just as Joanna was about to pass out, the man finally released her, panting.
His slender fingers pressed against her lips, and with a husky voice, he said, “This is a goodbye kiss.”
*
When she got out of the car, Joanna’s legs were still weak.
She covered her burning cheeks, and with a mixture of shyness and annoyance, glanced back at the people inside the car before turning to leave.
###57: Chapter 57: Joanna Lawrence, how dare you hit me!
57: Chapter 57: Joanna Lawrence, how dare you hit me!
In the back seat.
Heavenly Handsome Man watched her slowly walk away, with a slight smirk on his lips.
“Mr.
Ashton, are we going to the company now?”
“Hmm, let’s go.”
*
Joanna Lawrence had just arrived at the dormitory building when she received a call from her roommate and best friend, Aria Rowlett.
“Joanna, why haven’t you come to school yet?
You’d better hurry back.”
“I’m already downstairs at the dormitory building.
What’s going on?”
“Moon Broadley says she can’t get used to the upper bunk and wants to switch beds with you.
She’s throwing your stuff onto the ground right now.”
What?!
Upon hearing this, Joanna immediately felt furious.
She hung up the phone and sprinted upstairs.
Her dorm room was on the third floor.
As she rushed in, she saw Moon Broadley throwing her quilt onto the floor.
Not just the quilt.
Many of her things from her bed had already been thrown onto the floor.
“What are you doing?
You can’t do this!
What gives you the right to throw Joanna’s things around?”
Aria was trying to stop her, but to no avail.
Moon Broadley impatiently pushed her away, snapping, “Get out of my way.
How is throwing Joanna’s things any of your business?
Do you still think you can gain any benefits from fawning over her?
Mr.
David has already broken up with her.
She’s nothing without him.”
As she spoke, she continued to throw Joanna’s other items onto the floor.
Witnessing this scene, Joanna’s face turned livid, and her fists clenched tightly.
At that moment, someone noticed her, hesitated, and pulled at Moon Broadley’s sleeve, “Moon, Joanna’s back.”
Unflustered, Moon Broadley leisurely turned around.
Upon seeing Joanna, her lips curled into a disdainful sneer, “Joanna, you’re finally back.
Let me inform you now, I’m taking your bed, and you can move to the upper bunk.”
Looking at the clothes, quilt, and various books scattered all over the floor, Joanna’s anger was palpable, her brows furrowed in agitation.
She raised her head, her face greenish pale, her voice cold as ice, “Did you throw all the things from my bed onto the floor?”
“Yeah.” Moon Broadley crossed her arms, raised her chin, and looked at her with an expression of arrogance, “Who asked you to come back so late?
I had no choice but to help you clear your bed.”
“Since you’re back now, you can move the remaining stuff yourself.”
As her words finished, a slap landed heavily on her face.
The impact instantly turned her head to the side, causing her cheek to swell.
“Ah!”
Upon witnessing Joanna’s slap, a girl standing next to Moon Broadley shrieked, pointing at her and screaming in anger, “Joanna, how dare you hit someone!”
Moon Broadley was stunned by the slap.
It took her a few seconds to regain her senses.
“Joanna, how dare you hit me!” Moon Broadley covered her face, incredulous.
Joanna glared at her coldly, “You asked for this slap.
If you dare touch my stuff again, I’ll hit you even harder!”
She and Moon Broadley had always been at odds.
They once had a good relationship, but the moment Moon Broadley’s crush publicly pursued Joanna, their friendship turned into enmity.
In the past, even though Moon Broadley disliked her and was unhappy with her, she never dared to act like this.
Now, it was merely because she knew Joanna and David had broken up.
Feeling that Joanna no longer had anyone to rely on, she decided to settle both new and old scores.
Moon Broadley, clutching her injured face, grimaced and gritted her teeth, “I’ve been patient with you until now because you were dating Mr.
David.
Now that you’ve broken up with him, do you think I’ll still be afraid of you?”
###58: Chapter 58: I Won’t Let Myself Suffer a Loss 58: Chapter 58: I Won’t Let Myself Suffer a Loss “Without Mr.
David, who do you think you are!
Today I’ll teach you a good lesson, you little bitch!”
With that, she raised her hand, ready to slap Joanna Lawrence’s face.
Joanna sneered and didn’t move, grabbing her hand and pushing it back with force.
Moon Broadley screamed, falling heavily to the ground.
Moon hit her head on the metal frame of the bunk bed, causing a small cut on her forehead.
“Ah, Moon, you’re bleeding from your forehead,” Tessa Wright exclaimed, as if stepping on a tail.
The dormitory had a total of six people, divided into three small factions.
Joanna and Aria Rowlett were in one faction, Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright were in another, and the remaining two were neutral.
Seeing Moon get hurt, Tessa glared at Joanna and raised her hand, rushing toward her, “You bitch, David is already done with you, and you’re still so arrogant.
You dare to hurt Moon, I’ll fight you to the end!”
Joanna watched her coldly.
As Tessa was about to reach her, Joanna stuck out her foot.
“Ah!” Another scream.
Tessa also fell heavily to the ground in an embarrassing position, knocked off balance.
Her nose hit the hard floor, causing her tears to flow out in an instant, “Joanna, you bitch.
You dare treat me and Moon like this, we won’t let you go!”
Moon’s fall left her dizzy and disoriented for a while before she came to her senses.
She touched the blood on her forehead and her face immediately turned pale.
“Joanna, you actually dare…” Her teeth clenched, her eyes filled with rage, and she was furious to the extreme.
“Bitch, do you think Mr.
David will still protect you?
You dare treat me like this, just wait and see!”
“Joanna, you wait and see.
We’ll make you pay!”
The two of them climbed up from the ground and ran out of the dormitory after threatening her.
*
“Joanna, what should we do?”
Aria worriedly said, “Moon and Tessa have found a wealthy and powerful close older male friend, an affluent offspring with connections.
They must have gone to him.
Why don’t you find a place to hide for now, and avoid this storm first?”
Although Joanna’s recent actions against Moon and Tessa were very satisfying, she was vulnerable now that David was no longer protecting her.
Aria had heard of Moon’s close older male friend and knew he was a ruthless character.
The more Aria thought about it, the more worried she became, “Joanna, you’d better leave now.
Don’t go to class today; I’ll ask for a day off for you.”
The other two roommates also advised, “That close older male friend of Moon’s is indeed a ruthless character; he even crippled someone’s leg before.
It’s better to avoid him for now.”
“Yeah, Joanna, you’d better go.”
As Aria spoke, she pushed Joanna toward the door.
When they reached the door, Joanna grabbed Aria’s arm and shook her head, “Aria, I won’t go.”
“You won’t go?” Aria’s heart was breaking, “Baby, I know you’re a strong fighter, and you’ve never lost a fight.
But no matter how strong you are, you can’t overpower a group of men.”
“At this point, don’t be stubborn.
You need to go.”
Joanna still shook her head.
After a moment of silence, she took out her phone and made a reassuring gesture to Aria, “What’s there to be afraid of?
She’s just going to find someone to help, right?
Aria, she can bring in reinforcements, and so can I.
Don’t worry, I won’t let myself be taken advantage of.”
###59: Chapter 59: I Won’t Let Anyone Hurt You 59: Chapter 59: I Won’t Let Anyone Hurt You Having said that, she slowly walked out of the bedroom with a puzzled expression on Aria Rowlett’s face.
*
Joanna Lawrence stood in the hallway outside and called Ashton Heath.
It only rang for half a ring before he picked up on the other end.
“You’ve just left me for a while, and you already miss me?”
The man’s magnetic, charming voice entered her ears, as if carrying radio waves, making Joanna’s heart tremble.
She was flustered and her heart raced at his flirting manner of conversation.
“Do you need anything?” Fortunately, Ashton did not continue to tease her.
His voice, which was so pleasant to the ears that it melted them, softly rang out, “Did you encounter any trouble, and do you need my help?”
“Uh…” She was embarrassed at his words.
She had just troubled him yesterday, and now again…
She even felt that she had too many troubles of her own.
As if guessing what she was thinking now, Ashton continued, “Just tell me directly if there is anything, don’t feel embarrassed.
Joanna Lawrence, I’m your husband, and you can let me do anything for you.”
Every word the man uttered was like a pair of hands filled with warmth, gently caressing Joanna’s heart.
Her heart felt warm.
With his words, she no longer hesitated and said directly, “Hmm, I do need your help.
Can you send a few bodyguards to me?
I probably need about four or five people.”
“What happened?” Ashton’s tone became serious in an instant.
Even a few degrees colder.
Joanna thought that since they were husband and wife now, and in some sense, Ashton could be considered her family, she did not hide anything from him.
She told him about her conflict with Moon Broadley.
In conclusion, she said, “In short, she thinks that I stole her man, so she has always held a grudge against me.
Now that she thinks I don’t have anyone to rely on, she wants to teach me a lesson.”
Joanna didn’t even realize that when she talked to Ashton about these things, her tone was whining, as if she was complaining with a coquettish tone.
Ashton listened and then said after a brief silence, “Didn’t you tell her that your husband is more powerful than a hundred David Beningtons?
If she offends you, she won’t be able to escape the consequences?”
Joanna: “…”
She didn’t think about those things at the time.
Originally, she didn’t want many people to know she was married.
She was only 19 years old, and getting married and settling down so early was not part of her life plan.
She always felt that letting others know she was married so early would be somewhat humiliating.
Her ideal marriage age was 28.
Moreover, even if she really told Moon Broadley that, the other party would surely not believe her.
Moon would think that Joanna was bragging.
“Don’t worry, no one can hurt you with me around.
I won’t let anyone harm you.” A few seconds later, the man’s low and tender voice came through, “Joanna, I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
The tender, low voice entered her ears, gently plucking at a string in Joanna’s heart.
It made her heart unable to calm down again.
At this moment, Joanna felt that having someone to rely on was truly wonderful.
It was as if she had found a shelter from the wind, no longer needing to worry about being caught in the rain.
Her heart was so peaceful and secure, like never before.
*
After hanging up the phone, Joanna put away her cell phone and walked towards the bedroom.
Her belongings were thrown all over the place by Moon Broadley, and she needed to tidy things up.
###60: Chapter 60: He’s Not Easy to Mess with, Neither am I!
60: Chapter 60: He’s Not Easy to Mess with, Neither am I!
Seeing her walk in, the other two roommates looked at each other before finally asking, “Joanna, are you sure you don’t want to hide?”
Aria Rowlett also looked worried, “Baby, it’s not too late for you to leave now.”
Joanna Lawrence squatted on the floor, moving her things onto the bed one by one.
She calmly said to Aria Rowlett, “Aria, when have you ever seen me at a disadvantage?”
Aria thought about it carefully, seemingly she hadn’t.
Joanna looked like the kind of pretty, adorable girl who was easy to take advantage of.
But those who knew her well understood that her soft-spoken demeanor was just a facade.
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have made Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright cry earlier.
But…
“Baby, that older male friend of Moon’s is really not someone to mess with.
They say he’s involved in some shady stuff, you really shouldn’t be so reckless.”
“If he’s not to be messed with, neither am I.”
With the assurance from Ashton Heath himself, she had nothing to fear.
Her husband was very powerful too!
Ten or a hundred of Moon’s older male friends collectively couldn’t match up to him.
Aria Rowlett: “…”
“Don’t worry, Aria.”
Joanna slowly stood up, patted her on the shoulder, “I’m not stupid, I’ve brought backup.
Moon and the others won’t have an advantage over me.”
“You also brought support?” Aria remembered the phone call she had made earlier, curiosity filled her eyes, “So, you were calling someone to help you?
Who did you call?
Can we rely on him?”
“We can absolutely rely on him.
There’s no one more dependable.”
Aria looked at her, noticing her completely unperturbed demeanor, and couldn’t help but wonder if she had called David Benington.
If it was David, there would indeed be nothing to worry about then.
Moon’s older male friend’s family still couldn’t compare to David—no matter how one looked at it the Benington family was one of the top ten noble families in Closia.
But she felt that it was unlikely.
Given Joanna’s temperament, if David betrayed her, there was no way she would ask him for help again.
So, who could it be?
*
Heath Group.
Inside the vast conference room.
The senior executives were trembling, scared to even draw a breath.
Just now, President Ashton vetoed one of their proposals.
That proposal was the result of their team’s tireless efforts, burning the midnight oil for an entire month before being finalized.
But, President Ashton glanced at it for less than a minute.
He didn’t even finish reviewing all the content before he shot it down.
Shot it down…
The executives almost started to cry.
Would they have to work overtime for another month?
If they continued to work overtime, they would lose the little hair they had left on their heads.
But if President Ashton said no, it was a no.
Nobody dared to refute him.
Even the veterans who had been with the company for decades did not dare underestimate this young CEO who had just turned 25.
“This is what you guys came up with after a month of thinking?
This idea that any college student could easily produce, you dare to bring it in front of me?”
“It seems that the Heath Group is harboring too many loafers, it’s time for a large-scale layoff.”
At these words, the faces of all the senior executives in the conference room turned pale.
*buzz buzz*
At this moment, Ashton Heath’s cell phone, which was lying on the table, began to vibrate.
He, who usually would not even glance at his phone throughout a meeting, immediately lowered his head to pick it up.
Then, he answered it immediately.
After he answered, he didn’t say anything else and got up to leave the meeting room.
After he left,
The senior executives commented in shock, “Who called President Ashton?
He answered it so quickly?”
###61: Chapter 61 They Actually Dare To Be So Arrogant!
61: Chapter 61 They Actually Dare To Be So Arrogant!
“Do you guys remember, that the last time we had a meeting, President Ashton did the same thing?”
“Could it be that President Ashton is in love?”
“How could that be possible, President Ashton has always shown little interest in women.
If he were in love, wouldn’t there be some hint?”
*
Outside the conference room.
Ashton Heath finished his call with Joanna Lawrence and beckoned Cody Aberton.
“President Ashton.”
Ashton Heath loosened his necktie a little, then turned straight to the direction of the elevator: “You host the rest of the meeting for me, I need to step out.”
What?!
Cody Aberton was stupefied.
Such a senior-level meeting, how could he, a mere assistant, manage it?
Plus, President Ashton was well into the meeting, why suddenly leave?
This was a very important meeting.
Cody Aberton immediately followed him.
“President Ashton, I can’t do it.” He mustered up the courage to speak, “They’re all senior executives of the company, I can’t host their meeting, it’s not right.”
Ashton Heath, in a rush.
He walked to the elevator, pressed the button: “If I say you can, then you can.
No more nonsense, this is part of your job.
If you can’t do it well, then leave immediately.”
The elevator door opened.
Having uttered these words, Ashton Heath walked in, and pressed the elevator door closed.
Cody Aberton: “…”
Even with the threat of being fired, he dared not voice any ion.
He couldn’t even release a fart of opposition.
No matter how great heaven and earth are, the boss is the greatest.
No matter how difficult or arduous the task, he must complete it.
Thinking about facing so many executives soon, Cody Aberton felt enormous pressure.
Why does he feel that recently, President Ashton has been more and more capricious?
Leaving early from work on a whim, exiting important meetings halfway through.
He clearly wasn’t like this before!
*
Joanna Lawrence had just finished tidying up her bed, when she heard a commotion from downstairs.
The noise was loud, everyone in the dormitory ran out to see what was happening.
She and Aria Rowlett also went to see.
Looking downstairs, they saw a bunch of men, dressed and behaving in a very rowdy manner, attempting to enter the women’s dormitory, with dormitory lady Octavia stopping them.
Dormitory lady Octavia was over fifty years old, naturally she was no match for these men.
While she wanted to stop them, she simply could not.
One of the men showed an impatient look, walking up to push her, pushing Dormitory lady Octavia to the ground.
“Damn, they’re outrageous.
This is a school, they dare to be so arrogant!” Aria Rowlett was furious.
Joanna Lawrence’s face also darkened, her lips tightened: “Moon Broadley has brought these men to the school, she’s got some nerve.”
If this incident were to be investigated by the school, Moon Broadley would definitely be punished.
Moon Boadley understood this too.
The reason she dared to do so, apart from that so-called tall, rich, and handsome close older male friend, there must be other backup plans.
Otherwise, she would not behave so recklessly.
Joanna Lawrence suddenly realized that she hadn’t told anyone about her breakup with David Benington.
But why did Moon Broadley and the others in the dormitory know about it?
“Aria, I need to ask you something.” Joanna Lawrence’s eyes darkened, her gaze growing colder.
In her heart, she already had some guesses.
“What is it?” Aria Rowlett, watching those rowdy men entering the women’s dormitory, becoming increasingly worried, “Baby, where are the reinforcements you talked about, why haven’t they arrived yet?”
Joanna Lawrence fell silent for a moment, and asked: “Who told you guys about my breakup with David?”
###62: Chapter 62: Kneel Down and Apologize to Us Immediately 62: Chapter 62: Kneel Down and Apologize to Us Immediately “What?” Aria Rowlett was stunned for a moment, then said, “You’re talking about this?
It was Moon Broadley who said it.
When she came back to school, she was very proud and told us about it, saying you cheated on someone else, so Mr.
David doesn’t want you anymore.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…I didn’t cheat on anyone.”
Darn it!
It was actually that scumbag man and despicable woman who cheated on her, okay!?
“Baby, of course, I believe you.” Aria Rowlett frowned slightly and said, “I know what kind of person you are.
Moon Broadley’s mouth is really bad.
She’s deliberately trying to ruin your reputation.
Back then it was Jacky Prescot who fell in love with you at first sight and actively pursued you, not you intentionally hooking up with him.
Why does Moon Broadley think you stole her man?”
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and didn’t say anything.
She thought this wasn’t done by Moon Broadley, but by someone else.
David Benington would never talk about their breakup everywhere and would definitely not tell Moon Broadley about it.
Therefore, the only possibility is that the news of the breakup came from Annie Lawrence.
She deliberately leaked this matter to Moon Broadley, and the intention behind it is obvious.
Thinking of this, Joanna Lawrence’s eyes grew colder.
Annie Lawrence…
There was a messy sound of footsteps.
Aria Rowlett widened her eyes in panic, saying, “Joanna, they’re coming up.”
Joanna Lawrence slowly raised her head and saw Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright walking in front, followed by a group of seven or eight young people.
Moon Broadley held her head and chin high, like a proud peacock, slowly walking in front of Joanna Lawrence.
“Joanna Lawrence,” she said with a gloomy face, “if you kneel down and kowtow to me three times now and then go to the campus radio station to formally apologize to me, I might still be able to forgive you this time.”
“That’s right!” Tessa Wright held her nose and said angrily, “kowtow to us and apologize right now.
If your attitude is good, we might let you off considering we are roommates.
Otherwise, wait to be beaten.”
“You two are going too far!”
Aria Rowlett said angrily, “You obviously started bullying Joanna first, so why should she apologize to you?”
“Aria Rowlett, shut up!
If you keep helping Joanna Lawrence, don’t blame us for dealing with you together.”
“You…”
“Aria, this is none of your business.” Joanna Lawrence pulled Aria Rowlett behind her, raised her head, and looked coldly at the two arrogant girls, “Kneel down to you?
I only kneel to my parents and heaven and earth.
What are you?”
“You guys started the trouble first, picking on me, so I taught you a lesson.
Apologize?
Hah, not in this lifetime.”
“You…”
Moon Broadley was so angry that her face turned green, gritting her teeth and saying, “Joanna Lawrence, so you’re not going to apologize?”
Joanna Lawrence looked at her like she was an idiot, “Didn’t I just say that?
It’s so sad that your hearing is so bad at such a young age.
Moon Broadley, I suggest you go to the hospital early to have a check-up, or you won’t even know how you became deaf.”
“Slut!”
Because of the commotion here, many people came out of their dormitory to watch the excitement.
As soon as Joanna Lawrence finished speaking that sentence, there was a burst of laughter around them.
They were all laughing at Moon Broadley.
Moon Broadley felt humiliated, raising her hand to slap Joanna Lawrence’s face.
Joanna Lawrence stood still and didn’t dodge, just sneered and said, “What, you want to fall again?”
###63: Chapter 63: Are you Joanna Lawrence?
63: Chapter 63: Are you Joanna Lawrence?
Having fallen before, Moon Broadley now had a lingering fear in her heart.
She never thought that Joanna Lawrence seemed so easy to bully, but her fighting strength turned out to be so strong.
Moon’s hand hesitated in mid-air when she looked into Joanna’s cold eyes, and a trace of fear grew in her heart.
Instinctively, she wanted to step back.
But she thought of the many people watching her, clenched her teeth and angrily cursed, “Bitch!”
Then, she tried to slap Joanna’s face.
How could Joanna let her hit her?
Before Moon’s slap could land, she caught it in mid-air.
“Ah, it hurts, bitch, let go!” The moment her wrist was caught, Moon’s face twisted in pain.
She struggled, trying to break free.
Joanna was very strong.
Even a man couldn’t beat her in arm wrestling.
Let alone a pampered Moon Broadley.
With just a little effort, Moon’s face turned red from pain, and she screamed without caring about her image, “Joanna, bitch, let me go!
I’ll fight you to the end!”
“Oh, alright.”
Joanna nodded, smiled slightly, and really let go of her hand.
However, when she let go, Moon, who was still struggling, lost her balance and fell to the ground in front of everyone.
Falling at Joanna’s feet in a kneeling position.
“Pfft…” Joanna couldn’t help but laugh.
She shook her head, sighed, and then looked down at Moon, “Ah, Moon Broadley, why are you giving me such a big show of respect?
I can’t bear it.”
The onlookers burst into laughter again at Moon’s pathetic state.
“How did Moon Broadley get so bold?
Daring to provoke Joanna Lawrence.
Isn’t she afraid that Mr.
David will teach her a lesson?”
“I heard that Mr.
David and Joanna broke up.”
“What?
My heartthrob finally broke up with Joanna, the little succubus?
Is the news reliable?
Didn’t Mr.
David really like her?
Why did they suddenly break up?”
“I heard that Joanna cheated.”
“With an outstanding boyfriend like Mr.
David, she still wants to cheat?
Mr.
David treats her so well.
Does this woman have any conscience?”
A group of people started discussing back and forth.
Moon Broadley was humiliated in public, so angry that her nose and eyes went crooked.
She gritted her teeth and yelled at the bully youngsters, “What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and deal with this bitch!”
“Joanna, you’ve gone too far!” Tessa Wright turned around, feigned an extremely wronged expression, and said softly to a man next to her, “Dominic, you saw it all, didn’t you?
Joanna is really too much.
You must help me and Moon get our revenge.”
The man called Dominic Hook had a cigarette in his mouth, half-closed eyes, and looked darkly and blatantly at Joanna.
Then a wicked smile appeared at the corner of his lips.
“So you’re Joanna Lawrence?” The undisguised amazement and covetousness in his eyes, he asked with great interest.
The young girl in front of him was dressed very ordinarily, just like a normal student.
But that face, it was so beautiful that it made people’s heart race.
Her black, shiny eyes were brighter than the stars, her features were so delicate that there were no flaws to pick.
Especially that white, glowing skin, so tender that it seemed like a gentle pinch would squeeze out water.
###64: Chapter 64: Truly a Siren 64: Chapter 64: Truly a Siren She wasn’t wearing makeup, but her bare face was still a hundred times more beautiful than many women with exquisite makeup.
Dominic had seen so many beautiful women, but all the women he had ever met combined couldn’t compare to the beauty in front of him.
Moreover, he had played with many women.
So he could tell at a glance that not only was Joanna beautiful, but her figure was also great.
She was a beauty with both face and figure top-notch.
Seeing such a great beauty standing in front of him, Dominic nearly lost his soul.
He decided on the spot that he had to have her.
Desire and ambition were too obvious in Dominic’s eyes.
Joanna frowned, disgust flashing in her eyes, and coldly said: “Are you Moon’s close older male friend?
Are you going to stand up for her?”
Dominic removed the cigarette between his lips and smiled wickedly: “Moon said you bullied her, is it true?”
“Dominic, you must teach this bitch a good lesson for me!” Seeing someone standing up for her, Moon climbed up from the ground, with an enraged expression as if she wanted to tear Joanna to shreds.
Joanna’s face was expressionless: “So what if I did, and what if I didn’t?”
Dominic didn’t speak.
His malicious gazing eyes stared at Joanna, and after a while, he smirked: “Both Moon and Tessa here are my sisters.
You’ve bullied them, and as their brother, I can’t just sit on my hands.”
“However…” his tone changed, and the smile at the corner of his lips grew even more wicked, “You are all good friends from the same dormitory.
I guess there must be some misunderstanding, right?”
“Dominic, you…”
Hearing him say this, both Moon and Tessa’s faces changed instantly.
Looking at Dominic’s eyes when he gazed at Joanna, it was clear that he had the kind of interest a man would have in a woman.
Their faces changed again and they cursed Joanna in their hearts over and over.
What a siren.
Seducing every man she sees.
Dominic was clearly here to help them, but now he was being captivated by this little wicked girl.
Moon’s lungs were about to explode with anger, and she exclaimed frantically: “Dominic, there’s no misunderstanding!
You saw how she bullied me just now.
You said you would help us, don’t go back on your word.”
However, Dominic had already developed a strong interest in Joanna at this moment.
He didn’t care about them anymore.
He ignored Moon and kept his gaze on Joanna, his intentions clear: “Jeremy, why don’t we find a place and have a good chat?
My name is Dominic, and my father is Derek Hook, the chairman of the Hook Group.
I believe you must have heard this name before.”
When Dominic said this, there was a sense of victory in his eyes.
He saw that Joanna dressed plainly, thinking that she must come from an ordinary background.
For a rich second-generation like him to pursue her actively, she would surely not refuse.
Girls like her tended to be gold diggers.
And they rarely resisted.
“Dominic, how could you do this, you promised to help us!” Moon and Tessa were so angry that they nearly fainted, not expecting that Dominic could be so enchanted by Joanna.
Dominic looked at them impatiently and snapped coldly: “Shut up!
I didn’t ask for your opinions, so don’t talk!”
After saying that, he turned his head to look at Joanna again and raised an eyebrow: “Jeremy, how about we have lunch together?
Whatever you like, I’ll have someone reserve a spot right away.”
###65: Chapter 65: Stinky girl, don’t be shameless when given face 65: Chapter 65: Stinky girl, don’t be shameless when given face Joanna had seen too many men like Dominic Hook.
Before Mr.
David, many affluent offspring had pursued her.
She knew these men’s minds all too well.
They only wanted to possess her because she was beautiful; once they had their fun, they would discard her.
None of them were sincere.
She was disgusted by such frivolous men.
Thus, she gave Dominic a cold reception.
“I’m sorry, I don’t have time.
And also, I’m not interested in having dinner with you.”
Being rejected in public, Dominic’s expression darkened.
He spoke, his voice colder, “You don’t know Hook Group?”
Joanna sneered and shrugged.
“No, I don’t.
Is it famous?
I’ve never heard of it.”
His face further darkened after being rebuffed once again.
Usually, this kind of affluent offspring easily had women to themselves, as their bad company always flattered him.
This was the first time a woman dared to repeatedly embarrass and refuse him.
Ashamed and enraged, Dominic glared, threatening, “Stupid girl, you’re really asking for it.
One last time, are you going or not?”
Seeing Dominic annoyed, Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright finally felt appeased.
Joanna Lawrence really was shameless.
While Dominic was furious, they must teach her a lesson.
So the two poured fuel on the fire.
“Joanna, it’s your good fortune that Dominic could even look at you.
What do you think you are, daring to refuse him?”
“Dominic, teach this ungrateful woman a lesson.”
Aria Rowlett realized the situation was dire.
Joanna’s backup had not shown, and she feared Joanna would be in trouble.
After much hesitation, Aria secretly sent David a message on her phone.
Aria Rowlett: Joanna is in trouble with some delinquents.
Mr.
David, can you come save her?
Aria thought that even though Joanna and David had broken up,
they had a lot of history, and David wouldn’t completely ignore her.
Now, the only person who could help her was David.
David immediately responded: What happened?
Where is Joanna now?
Aria Rowlett: Women’s dormitory at school.
Mr.
David, hurry, or Joanna will get hurt.
David: I’m close to the school.
I’ll be there soon.
Upon seeing David’s reply, Aria let out a sigh of relief.
He was close to the school, so he could arrive quickly.
Just as Aria had sent the message, she saw Dominic enrage and grabbed Joanna’s hand.
“Bitch, you’re really getting full of yourself.
Today, even if you don’t want to go, I’ll force you.
You want me to get physical, huh?”
“I’ve seen tons like you.
Aren’t you just selling yourself?
I have money!
One million dollars a night, is that enough?
If not, I’ll pay more!”
Dominic lost his composure, revealing his true nature.
He grabbed Joanna’s hand, took out a stack of cash from his wallet, and smashed it into her face.
As he threw the money, he cursed, “Stop fucking pretending.
You’re just a used-up piece of shit.
If you know what’s good for you, follow me quietly.
Otherwise, I’ll make you suffer!”
“Joanna!
Let her go!” Aria rushed to help, but several other men walked up and grabbed her.
###66: Chapter 66: Wow, who are those people?
66: Chapter 66: Wow, who are those people?
These people were all punks from the streets.
Seeing Aria Rowlett’s attractive appearance, several of them sneered, “This chick looks pretty good too.
Dominic, why not take her with us and let the brothers have some fun?”
Joanna Lawrence’s face changed when she saw Aria Rowlett being grabbed.
She raised her hand and slapped Dominic Hook hard, “You bunch of trash, let Aria go.”
“Slap!”
Dominic Hook was caught off guard by the slap, and his face immediately turned very ugly.
He glared sinisterly, grinding his teeth, “Bitch, how dare you hit me!
I’m going to kill you today!”
With that, he grabbed Joanna’s hair and yanked her head towards a nearby wall.
Joanna Lawrence bit down on his hand in pain.
Dominic cried out in pain and released her, flinging her away.
The man was very strong.
Joanna’s strength was already considered strong among girls.
But after being thrown by Dominic, she couldn’t help but stumble back two steps and then fall to the ground.
Dominic Hook glared at the bloody bite mark on his hand, getting even more sinister.
He actually pulled a knife out of his bag.
There were many onlookers.
But none of them dared to come forward and help.
When Joanna Lawrence saw Dominic take out the knife, her face finally changed.
Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright both had a smug, relieved smile on their faces, “Serves you right, whore.”
“Dominic, teach this bitch a lesson!
Let her be arrogant!”
“You should cut her face so that she can’t seduce men with her flirtatious looks anymore!”
Dominic Hook angrily ordered his men, “Grab this bitch for me.
I’m going to kill her.”
A few of his men rolled up their sleeves and walked menacingly towards Joanna Lawrence.
Before they could even get to her, suddenly, a sharp sound of rapid footsteps echoed from behind.
The onlookers gasped in unison, “Wow, who are all those people?”
“Are they with Moon Broadley’s side?
They don’t look like it, though.”
Dominic Hook, Moon Broadley, and the others heard the commotion and turned their heads.
They were all stunned when they saw a group of tall, muscular men in black uniforms walking towards them.
There were about ten muscular men.
Each one was over 6 feet 1 inch tall.
Their physique and temperament were clearly of those who had been trained.
And they were very skilled.
They were definitely not people that any of them could compare to.
Before they could react to the appearance of these men in black, they heard the leader say in a deep voice, “Mr.
Ashton ordered us not to let any of them go.”
As the words fell, the group quickly charged forward.
The street punks who were going to grab Joanna Lawrence were the first to be taken down.
With a few miserable screams, accompanied by the sound of bones cracking, three punks were wailing on the ground in the blink of an eye.
The other punks rushed in to help.
But they didn’t even have a chance to strike before they were knocked down by the men in black.
There were more sounds of bones cracking.
Those who fell to the ground let out pig-like wails.
Some of them were in so much pain that they passed out on the spot.
In an instant,
Without even seeing how the men in black attacked, all the punks Dominic brought with him were flat on the ground.
Seeing this scene, the onlookers were dumbfounded, too scared to even take a breath.
Were these people here to help Joanna Lawrence?
###67: Chapter 67: Just a Minor Character of No Importance 67: Chapter 67: Just a Minor Character of No Importance Didn’t Joanna and David already break up?
Could it be that David still has feelings for her and has found someone to help her?
Aria also thought these people were called by David.
She patted her chest and breathed a sigh of relief, thinking that David wasn’t too bad.
At least at this moment, his timely help avoided a disaster.
Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable.
She walked to Joanna’s side, reached out to help her up, and looked at her worriedly, “Joanna, are you okay?”
Joanna shook her head.
Across from them, Moon and Dominic’s group looked shocked.
Looking at the few people who were still howling on the ground, Moon’s face turned pale with fear and her lips were trembling, “Who…
who are you?”
No one expected that this group was actually here to help Joanna and the others.
Moon was even more puzzled.
Hadn’t Annie told her that David and Joanna had broken up, and she could do whatever she wanted to Joanna?
Then what was going on with these people?
Apart from relying on David, who else could Joanna rely on?
Could it be that Annie was lying to her?
For a moment, Moon’s face alternated between green and white, looking extremely ugly.
One of the black-clothed people glanced at her and said coldly, “You’re Ms.
Joanna’s classmate?
The one who brought these people to the school to make trouble for her?”
“I…
I am.
What…
what do you want?” After seeing the skills of the bodyguards, Moon was frightened and took a step back behind Dominic.
Dominic, who was also frightened by the sudden turn of events, tried to muster up a fierce look and gritted his teeth, “Motherfucker, where the hell did you come from?
Who dares to touch my people?
Do you know who I am?”
“I have no interest in knowing who you are.
But if you dare to mess with Joanna, you’re courting death.” With that, the speaker waved his hand, instructing the other bodyguards, “Break the legs of all the men and take the women away.”
“You dare!
I am the only son of Hook Group’s chairman.
If you touch me, my father won’t let you off!”
“Hook Group?” The leading bodyguard sneered, “Just a second-rate small character.
You don’t know the depth of the sky and the earth.
Today, even if we break both your legs here, your father will not dare to fart when the time comes.”
Hook Group was a well-known medium-sized enterprise in Closia.
Speaking of it, it had some fame.
But compared to Heath Group, it didn’t even qualify to wipe President Ashton’s shoes.
This kind of arrogant and domineering fool who didn’t know his own weight was simply ignorant of the disaster he had brought to his family because of his stupidity.
Just breaking his legs was getting off cheap.
President Ashton was not such a kind person.
Soon, Hook Group would disappear from Closia.
Two bodyguards stepped forward to grab him.
He swung the dagger in his hand and snarled, “Get away from me, or I won’t be polite.”
“If you dare touch me, I’ll…
” Dominic’s cursing stopped abruptly.
The next second, it turned into a pig-killing howl, “Ah, my leg, my leg…
”
The bodyguard easily snatched the knife from his hand and grabbed him.
Then, he kicked Dominic’s kneecap.
Dominic’s face turned ghostly white in an instant, and with a “plop”, he knelt on the ground, hugging his legs and wailing in pain.
###68: Chapter 68: You Wicked Woman 68: Chapter 68: You Wicked Woman He was in so much pain he writhed on the ground, continuously swearing, “You bunch of dogs!
I’ll kill you all!
Kill you all!”
Just as he finished cursing, he was kicked in his other leg.
This time, he passed out from the pain.
Seeing this, Moon Broadley was so scared her legs gave way underneath her.
She couldn’t stand anymore.
When a bodyguard went to grab her, she had no strength left, her face filled with terror.
She kept pleading, “No, don’t break my legs, please, don’t!”
Tessa Wright was also so scared that she collapsed on the spot, her face as pale as a sheet.
They were still just students.
Even if they had been somewhat arrogant and domineering in the past, they had never seen violence like this.
Witnessing Dominic Hook’s legs broken and him passing out, the sight of such violence made them sob uncontrollably, trembling uncontrollably.
“Ms.
Joanna, are these two your classmates?
How do you want us to deal with them?” The leader of the bodyguards walked over to Joanna Lawrence, bowed respectfully to her, with an extremely deferential attitude.
“Joanna, we were wrong.
Please forgive us.”
“Joanna, for the sake of us sharing the same dormitory, please forgive us this time.” The terror of losing their legs made the two of them tremble even more intensively.
They pleaded with Joanna over and over, crying so hard that they were snuffling.
At this moment, they looked as wretched as could be.
Joanna Lawrence looked at them coldly.
“Joanna.” Aria Rowlett said indignantly, “You can’t forgive them easily.
They went too far just now.”
If David Benington hadn’t acted quickly, who knows what would have happened.
Thinking of this, Aria Rowlett looked around, feeling a bit confused.
Where was David Benington?
Why hadn’t she seen him?
Was it because he didn’t want to show up, so he didn’t come?
“Aria, don’t worry.
I’m not a divine lady.”
Joanna Lawrence gave her a reassuring look, then turned to look at the weeping Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright.
After thinking for a moment, she said: “Just follow the normal procedure.
Do what you have to do.”
What they did would warrant severe punishment from the school.
For a third-year student, about to graduate next year, there was no more severe punishment than being expelled.
Even though it’s destructive of their futures, since they were the first to violate decency, they couldn’t blame her for reciprocity.
The bodyguard nodded in understanding: “Yes, I understand your intentions, Ms.
Joanna.”
After that, he waved his hand and ordered:” Take them away.”
Hearing Joanna’s words, Moon and others panicked, “Joanna, we really know we were wrong.
Give us a chance to correct ourselves.”
“Yes, we have been good friends in the same dorm for three years.
Can’t you forgive us just once?”
Joanna gradually moved closer to the two of them.
Looking down at them from above, she spoke word by word, coldly saying, “You are wrong.
I have never been friends with you.
And, I only forgive those who truly regret their actions.
For double-dealers like you, I won’t give another chance.”
Seeing that pleading was useless, the two who had just been promising to change immediately switched faces, angrily cursing, “Joanna Lawrence, you vicious woman.
You are so cold and ruthless to friends who have shared the same dorm with you for three years.
You are so inhuman, you will pay for this in the end.”
“No wonder Mr.
David broke up with you.
No man would like a woman like you.”
###69: Chapter 69: Didn’t He Go to Work?
69: Chapter 69: Didn’t He Go to Work?
“Joanna Lawrence, you’re such a bitch!”
Listening to those swearing words, Joanna Lawrence was emotionless.
However, Aria Rowlett was a little worried about her, afraid that those words would irritate her,
After all, she had just broken up with David Benington not long ago.
After thinking about it, Aria Rowlett was about to comfort her when she heard a gasp from the onlooking crowd, along with excited screams.
“Wow, who is that guy, he’s so handsome!”
“He’s so tall, I guess he’s about 188 cm, and he has such a great body.
Wearing a black shirt really gives him that repressed vibe.”
“Oh my god, he’s so freaking hot.
I feel like even our school’s top guy isn’t as good-looking as him.”
Aria Rowlett was stunned and followed the gaze of the others.
When she saw the tall, upright black figure not far from her, she was instantly stunned, her eyes widened in disbelief.
Hearing the commotion, Joanna Lawrence also turned her head to look.
When she saw him, she was completely dumbfounded.
The man slowly walking towards her had a stunning, god-like face, a noble and distinguished temperament, deeply profound and sharp eyes.
The pure black shirt and trousers accentuated the cold, repressed aura around him with great intensity.
It was as if his body carried a natural radiance, instantly attracting the eyes of everyone around him.
Standing beside her, Aria Rowlett’s eyes were riveted.
Excitedly grabbing her arm, she said to her, “Oh my god, Joanna, did you see it?
There’s a super handsome guy up ahead.”
Joanna Lawrence opened her mouth, but before she could say a word, she heard Aria Rowlett scream in even more excitement: “Ah, Joanna, he’s coming this way!
I feel like he’s looking at us!”
“I can’t take it, I’m really excited.
You tell me, this is not my illusion, that handsome guy is really looking at us, right?!”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Looking at her best friend’s excited, almost insane state, her mouth twitched involuntarily, rendering her speechless.
Aria Rowlett was a true “face dog.”
She was the kind who would whistle at attractive guys when walking on the street.
The depth of her infatuation was determined by the other party’s attractiveness.
This was the first time Joanna Lawrence had seen her so infatuated.
So excited that she was almost losing her senses.
But Aria Rowlett was not the only one losing her senses on the spot.
The other girls screamed incessantly, instantly becoming infatuated.
The girls behind Joanna Lawrence were all so excited that they couldn’t control themselves, with the screams of excitement and joy never ceasing: “He’s coming our way!
Is he looking for us?”
“Ah, I feel like I can’t breathe.
He’s really so handsome.”
“He’s not one of our school’s students, is he?
He looks quite mature in his dressing.”
The appearance of the man caused the girls on this floor to boil with excitement.
The only one who seemed relatively calm, with little emotional fluctuation, was Joanna Lawrence.
However, she was only calm on the surface.
From the moment she saw Ashton Heath, her heart was already filled with shock and turmoil.
Why would he be here?!!
Wasn’t he supposed to be at work?
Suddenly seeing him at school, especially in the girls’ dormitory, made Joanna Lawrence feel a little dazed and unreal.
She stared blankly as Ashton Heath slowly approached her.
The distance between them was getting closer and closer…
“Ah, Joanna, he’s coming!
I’m so nervous.
Do you think we should take the initiative to say hello to him?
But, what should we say?” Aria Rowlett, possessed by infatuation, wore an expression of both shyness and anticipation.
###70: Chapter 70: This handsome guy is actually here to look for 
Joanna Lawrence Joanna Lawrence felt a wave of internal conflict. Should she take the initiative to acknowledge Ashton Heath in front of the gathered crowd, or would it be more prudent to maintain a professional distance? Before she could reach a conclusion, a tall shadow swept over her.
She looked up into a face that combined striking elegance with a terrifying coldness. Ashton’s gaze, usually unreadable, was now sharp with a focused intensity. He reached out, his cool fingers gently tracing a mark on her cheek with a level of care that contrasted with the ice in his eyes.
“What happened?” his voice was low, vibrating with a controlled, dangerous edge. “You’re injured.”
“It’s nothing,” Joanna began, her voice small.
But Ashton wasn't listening. His gaze dropped to her arm, his expression hardening further. “And here as well.” An aura of absolute authority seemed to radiate from him, chilling the surrounding air. When he spoke again, each word was measured and cold: “Who is responsible for this?”
The sheer weight of his presence silenced the room. The onlookers, who moments ago had been buzzing with speculation, now stood frozen. Even those who had been most vocal in their curiosity found themselves retreating from the sheer gravity of his focus.
Joanna bit her lip, feeling the heat of dozens of eyes on her. “Ashton, please. These are just minor abrasions. I can handle it.”
Ashton didn't offer a verbal response. In one fluid, decisive movement, he lifted her from the ground. A collective gasp echoed through the corridor.
“Is that... Joanna’s new partner?” “He looks nothing like David Benington—he’s on a completely different level of influence.” “Is this why the engagement ended? The rumors clearly didn't do this man justice.”
The heated discussions resumed, but the tone had shifted from mockery to awe. Aria Rowlett stood by, her mouth slightly agape as she watched her best friend being carried away with such effortless conviction. “Joanna? What... how does he know you?”
Joanna’s face was a deep, burning crimson. She offered a small, symbolic struggle, but Ashton’s hold remained immovable. He looked down at her, his voice dropping to a private, searing murmur. “Stay still. Unless you’d like me to make our relationship even more public right here in the hallway?”
Joanna fell silent, her heart pounding against her ribs. She had heard people describe Ashton Heath as a man of iron discipline and cold restraint, but in this moment, those descriptions felt woefully incomplete. There was a fierce, protective fire beneath his surface that she was only beginning to understand.
“Ashton, put me down,” she whispered, her face tucked against his shoulder to avoid the stares. “Everyone is watching. This is unnecessary.”
“Let them watch,” Ashton replied, his voice a sultry resonance that made her pulse race. “I am your husband. If I cannot support you when you are hurt, then who is this audience for?”
“I can walk,” she countered weakly.
“Perhaps,” Ashton said as he turned toward the exit, his stride purposeful and unshakable. “But today, you don't have to.”

###71: Chapter 71: It Seems Like I’m Being Stalked by the Grim Reaper 71: Chapter 71: It Seems Like I’m Being Stalked by the Grim Reaper This pampering “Good girl” made Joanna Lawrence’s face burn even more.
She didn’t know why every time she was in front of Ashton Heath, her face would easily blush.
A casual tease from him would make her turn red.
The surrounding whispers kept coming.
Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright, who were both held back, had shocked expressions on their faces, as if they had seen the sun rise from the west, full of disbelief.
Then, deep hatred appeared in their eyes.
At first, they both thought that the group of men in black were called by David Benington for assistance.
But now, it was obviously not the case.
The men in black were called by the handsome and noble-looking man right in front of them.
Even if they still didn’t know the man’s identity, they could both see that he was definitely extraordinary.
That kind of dignified, domineering presence, which made people instinctively worship and fear him, was definitely not something ordinary people could have.
It was a kind of aura that belonged to those who had been in top positions for a long time and were used to issuing orders.
Moon had a sharp eye.
She immediately noticed the watch on Ashton Heath’s wrist.
Upon seeing this, her face changed and the jealousy in her eyes deepened.
She had seen that watch at a luxury goods exhibition.
It was a limited edition global watch, extremely expensive, costing at least more than 5 million dollars.
Moreover, only people with certain status could buy it.
There were only three in the whole world.
In other words, even David Benington would not be able to buy it.
So…
Could this man’s real identity be even more prominent than David Benington’s?
But why did his face look so unfamiliar?
If he was indeed someone of prestigious status, why hadn’t she seen him before?
Moon didn’t know that Ashton had only just returned to China from abroad this year.
Because he didn’t like to be high-profile, he rarely disclosed his identity to the public, so the domestic media rarely reported news about him.
As a result, many people were unaware of his identity.
Even so, Moon was incredibly envious in her heart.
Why were all the men Joanna got with better than the last?
David was envious enough, and now there was a man whose conditions were likely to be more than a hundred times better than David’s.
What a wretched woman!
Has she managed to seduce all the men in the world?
Why doesn’t this shameless woman just go die!
When Moon looked at Joanna with a gaze filled with hatred and malice, Ashton’s cold eyes fell on her as well.
Moon suddenly felt a chill.
A chill that she couldn’t control and instinctively feared.
It was as if she was being stared at by the grim reaper.
Her body trembled involuntarily, and she looked up to see a pair of sharp and cold eyes that seemed to be filled with ice, and her body trembled even more as she was enveloped in that chill.
In front of this dignified and powerful man, her legs couldn’t help but weaken, nearly kneeling on the ground.
The man didn’t say anything, but simply looked at her for a few seconds before turning away.
But for her, these few seconds felt like she had taken a spin through the Ghost Gate.
Moon’s forehead broke out in a fine cold sweat, and she couldn’t help but take deep breaths.
“So you’re Joanna’s good friend?”, Ashton Heath turned his gaze away from Moon and toward the still bewildered Aria Rowlett.
###72: Chapter 72: Each man she found was more outstanding than the last.
72: Chapter 72: Each man she found was more outstanding than the last.
“Huh?
Oh, yes, I am.” Aria Rowlett was still shocked, and took a few seconds to realize that Ashton Heath was talking to her, before finally coming back to herself.
Ashton Heath hooked his lips slightly, his voice gentle, “Joanna got hurt, I need to take her to the hospital.
She might be late to school this afternoon.
If she can’t make it to class, could you help her ask for a leave?”
“Oh, alright, okay.” Looking at Ashton Heath’s unbelievably handsome face, Aria Rowlett spoke so nervously that she stuttered over her words.
Completely different from the usual careless and tomboyish behavior of hers.
She even blushed.
Seeing this, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but sigh again at Ashton Heath’s face, which was just too lethal.
When did Aria Rowlett ever blush while talking to other boys?
Ashton Heath hooked his lips again, “Then I’ll have to trouble you.”
Aria Rowlett’s face turned even redder, dizzy from his charming smile: “I…it’s…it’s no…
no bother.”
Ashton Heath’s gaze then swept over the other two girls who shared the dorm room with Joanna Lawrence: “Today’s situation is special, I will treat you to a meal some other day.”
After saying these words, he carried Joanna Lawrence and turned to leave.
A few minutes after Ashton Heath left, a group of policemen arrived.
Then, Dominic Hook and the gang of youths who came with him were all captured for the crime of provoking trouble.
Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright were likewise taken away by the police while wailing and sobbing.
In an instant, the scene was quiet.
It was as if nothing had happened.
But anyone who had witnessed the whole process knew exactly what had happened.
“Who on earth is that man?
He seems to be very powerful.”
“Moon Broadley thought Joanna Lawrence had no one to rely on after breaking up with David Benington.
Looks like she has bitten off more than she can chew this time.”
“When it comes to picking men, I only admit defeat to Joanna Lawrence.
The men she finds are all distinguished, really admirable.”
*
Joanna Lawrence was carried downstairs by Ashton Heath.
She struggled several times during the process, but Ashton Heath refused to let her down.
He carried her, calmly weaving through the campus.
Along the way, they attracted countless curious glances.
Joanna Lawrence, embarrassed, buried her head deep in his chest, hiding her face.
The man’s black shirt had a very pleasant fragrance.
Every breath she took was filled with his scent.
Full of alluring pheromones.
Her ears were against his heart, and she could clearly hear his strong and steady heartbeat.
One after another, it’s as if hitting her chest, making her heartbeat uncontrollably speed up.
They reached the parking lot.
Zack, seeing them, respectfully greeted, “Mr.
Ashton, Ms.
Joanna.”
Then he bent to open the back seat door.
Ashton Heath got into the car while holding her.
The car door closed and he sat down.
Joanna Lawrence was then drawn into his embrace, wrapped in his arms.
“Ashton Heath, you…” Joanna Lawrence wanted him to let her go.
But before she could utter her words, his blazing hot kiss suddenly came down.
His kiss was domineering and fervent, leaving her breathless, her body just melting in his arms.
Zack got into the car.
Seeing this from the rearview mirror, his old face couldn’t help but heat up.
Then he opened the partition in relief.
As Zack started the car, he joyfully thought that, according to this trend, the Heath family would soon have a little young master or princess.
###73: Chapter 73: I Want to Bully You Again 73: Chapter 73: I Want to Bully You Again Mmm, very good, extremely good.
On the back seat.
Joanna Lawrence almost passed out from the unusually fierce and domineering deep kiss of the man.
Her delicate and gorgeous little face was flushed red, with her fair hands weakly tapping his chest, “Uh, Heath…Ashton Heath, let go of me.”
The man’s kiss was too domineering, too aggressive, and she felt faint.
Ashton Heath opened his eyes.
His dark and scorching gaze looked at the girl in his arms, whose face was red from his kiss, panting heavily, forcing him to end the kiss that left him still unsatisfied.
His breath was chaotic, holding her burning cheeks, resting his forehead on hers and panting for a moment before slowly calming down.
“Baby, do you think God specifically arranged you to be by my side?”
Ashton Heath lifted her chin, looking deeply into her eyes, “Otherwise, why wouldn’t I have a repulsive reaction to you?
Why do I feel unprecedented relaxation when I’m with you?”
“Why…” he gently stroked her delicate and tender face, murmuring to himself in a low whisper, “do you happen to grow up to be someone I like?
Are you destined to become my Ashton Heath’s woman?”
From the moment they met, it was destined.
Hearing him say these words, a blush spread on Joanna Lawrence’s fair earlobe.
This man…
He didn’t hide his affection for her when he was with her.
He always spoke whatever came to his mind when being around her.
In this respect, he was completely different from David Benington.
David was always very gentle and gentlemanly in front of her, never saying anything that would make her shy, let alone hugging her and kissing her frequently.
But, it seemed like she didn’t dislike being treated like this.
When he hugged her and kissed her, she didn’t feel disgusted or repelled, just very nervous, shy, and her heartbeat accelerated.
“Ashton Heath, can you let go of me?” Joanna Lawrence’s face was flushed as she shrank into his arms, her voice thin and weak, like a poor little thing.
Such a side of her made Ashton Heath more desirous to tease her.
The man’s kiss fell on her lips again, but this time it was just a light peck before retreating.
He emitted a deep, seductive laughter from his throat, “Sorry, I can’t.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
She looked up with misty eyes that appeared a bit resentful and pitiful.
“Baby.” Ashton Heath’s gaze deepened and, pinching her jaw, he sighed softly.
There was forbearance in his eyes as he said, “Stop looking at me like that, otherwise, I’ll want to tease you again.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
###74: Chapter 74: No job is more important than you 74: Chapter 74: No job is more important than you The black Bentley slowly drove along the campus road.
As it was about to leave the campus gate, Joanna Lawrence frowned and said, “Ashton Heath, I don’t need to go to the hospital.
Can you let me get out of the car?”
Her fall wasn’t serious at all.
It was just some minor scrapes, and simply getting some iodine from a pharmacy would be enough.
There was no need to go to the hospital.
Ashton Heath glanced down at her, “Whether it’s necessary or not, I have the final say.”
Joanna: “…”
How could he be so overbearing!
She knitted her eyebrows even tighter, “Honestly, there is no need!
I can just get some medicine from a pharmacy, and it’ll be fine.
You should go to work, I don’t want to cause any trouble with your job over this small matter.”
He was, after all, a big shot with countless daily tasks to manage.
Normally, he must be quite busy.
Joanna had never imagined that he would come to school.
Ashton Heath pinched her jaw, his deep, dark eyes gazing into hers.
He looked at her for a moment and then whispered, “Your issues are not minor matters.
No job is more important than you.”
Thump thump!
In that instant, Joanna heard her heart violently pounding against her chest.
At this moment, her mind seemed to go blank, as if her entire being, along with her soul, was drawn into the dark abyss beneath his gaze.
“Listen, Joanna, be good and let me take you to the hospital to get checked.
Don’t make me worry about you, okay?” The man’s warm, dry hand gently stroked her delicate cheek, his eyes filled with a captivating tenderness.
It was as if Joanna was bewitched, and she dumbly nodded her head.
###75: Chapter 75: Not Feeling Well at All 75: Chapter 75: Not Feeling Well at All *
On the way to the hospital, Ashton Heath phoned Denver Lancaster.
It rang for a while before Denver finally picked up, sounding out of breath: “Mr.
Ashton, if you want advice on your emotional life, let’s talk another time.
Or let me sleep for a few more hours, then come find me.”
Ashton Heath touched the soft hair of the girl in his arms and chuckled lightly: “What happened, worked too hard last night?”
Denver: “…worked too hard my ass!
I just came out of the Operating Room, alright?
You try doing surgery for ten hours straight and see how that feels!
I’m so exhausted I feel like a dog, no, not even a dog, worse than a dog!”
Listed to his buddy’s full of bitterness and complaints, Ashton Heath’s heart remained untroubled.
“I don’t care if you’re as tired as a dog or anything else, you have to make an hour for me.
I’m taking Joanna to the hospital right now; we’ll be there in no more than ten minutes.
She’s injured, you check on her.”
Joanna Lawrence, nestled in his embrace: “…”
She really wanted to say that those little scratches on her didn’t even count as injuries!
“Joanna?” Denver Lancaster suddenly heard Ashton Heath so intimately address a girl and didn’t react for a moment.
A few seconds later, he suddenly realized, “You mean your little wife?
She’s injured?
What kind of injury?
Is it serious?”
“Mhm.” Ashton Heath looked at the girl’s tender white arm and leg with those abrasions, his face darkened, and he frowned, “Her hands and legs are injured.
You give her a good checkup later; otherwise, I won’t be at ease.”
Thinking that Joanna Lawrence had suffered some serious injury, Denver didn’t refuse.
He immediately agreed, “Alright, let me know as soon as you get to the hospital, and…do you need a stretcher or something?
Can she walk on her own?”
Ashton Heath: “…”
A few seconds later, he clenched his teeth and coldly said: “No need!
Bye, we’ll talk later.”
*
Arrived at the hospital.
After getting out of the car, Joanna Lawrence was picked up by Ashton Heath.
Although the princess carry was romantic, she couldn’t help but say helplessly, “I can walk.”
She just had some scrapes, not a broken bone.
But the man had no intention of letting her walk, and directly carried her into the hospital.
Along the way, they attracted quite a few curious glances.
Joanna Lawrence, embarrassed, buried her head in his chest again.
Ashton Heath carried her straight to Denver Lancaster’s office.
“Come on, let me see, where is the young girl hurt?” Just coming out of the operating room, Denver Lancaster’s face showed obvious exhaustion, but when he saw Joanna Lawrence being carried in by Ashton Heath, he attentively examined her once over.
Then he was visibly puzzled.
He blinked and asked Ashton Heath, “Ashton, where exactly is the girl hurt?”
There were no apparent injuries on Joanna Lawrence.
Could it be internal?
Thinking this, Denver Lancaster carefully looked her over again and saw that her face was rosy and her spirit full – she didn’t look like she had serious injuries at all.
Ashton Heath gently placed Joanna Lawrence on the sofa.
Then he looked up and replied to Denver Lancaster’s words: “Is your vision bad?
She has so many scrapes on her body, can’t you see them?”
Denver Lancaster: “”
emmm, you can’t be telling him that the so-called serious injury, which had to be personally examined by Denver, was just this abrasion?!!
Thinking of this possibility, Denver Lancaster wasn’t too happy.
###76: Chapter 76: Is He Even Human!
76: Chapter 76: Is He Even Human!
“So, when you say the little girl is injured, you mean these scratches?”
Ashton Heath showed no expression and coldly said, “Is there a problem?”
Denver Lancaster: “…”
So Ashton really insisted on having him personally look at his wife’s injuries, even though he had been performing surgery for ten consecutive hours, and it turns out they are just scratches?
Does he have any humanity?!
Is he even human!
This man who prefers women to his friends!
He is such a jerk, he will have no friends in the future!
Denver was so upset and asked, “Do you know how tired it is to perform surgery for ten consecutive hours?”
Ashton glanced at him and said indifferently, “I’ve performed surgery for fifteen consecutive hours before.
I don’t think it’s a problem.”
Denver Lancaster: “…”
Is that about you?
You are an iron man, but not everyone is like you!
Ashton showed no signs of guilt, and seeing his righteous appearance, Denver was even more furious and wanting to cut ties with him.
He complained, “President Ashton, Mr.
Ashton, you’ve been a doctor for several years now, can’t you tell if your wife is seriously injured or not?
She doesn’t even need to go to the hospital for these scratches!”
“Ashton, let’s go back.” Joanna Lawrence jumped down from the couch with an embarrassed expression.
She walked up to Denver Lancaster, her face flushed and said, “Director, I’m sorry for bothering you.
Don’t listen to him, I’m fine and I don’t need an examination.
You should go back to rest.”
She didn’t know how Ashton had the nerve to ask for this.
It was just a few scratches on her body, and now a prestigious director had to personally examine her.
Isn’t this a waste of talent?
Moreover, after she found out that Denver had just come out of the operating room not long ago, she became even more embarrassed.
Even she thought that Ashton was really going too far!
If she had such a friend, she would definitely sever ties!
After Joanna spoke, she turned and walked towards the door.
After taking only two steps, she was stopped by Ashton.
The man forcefully pulled her back, holding her in his embrace.
He lowered his head and whispered into her ear, “If you don’t let him examine you, then I’ll have to do it myself.
By then, I’ll examine you thoroughly inside and out.
Baby, if you like the idea of me examining you, let’s leave now.”
Joanna’s body stiffened.
She raised her head and gave him a shy and annoyed look.
This hooligan!
Ashton watched her wide-eyed gaze and blushing cheeks, letting out a low laugh from his throat.
“Have you decided?
Will he examine you, or will I?”
*
Reluctantly, Joanna ended up receiving a thorough examination under Ashton’s persistence.
When the examination results came out, there were only minor abrasions and no other issues.
Denver provided a bottle of iodine and a bottle of Luminex Healing Elixir.
“President Ashton, Mr.
Ashton, are you satisfied now?” He handed the medicine to Ashton Heath, gritting his teeth and said, word by word.
Ashton took it, glanced at the instructions, and then turned to walk towards Joanna.
He opened the iodine, dipped a cotton swab in it, and raised Joanna’s injured arm.
“It might hurt a bit, just bear with it.”
“I can do it myself.” Feeling the resentful gaze from the side, Joanna was very embarrassed.
If it wasn’t for her, Denver would have gone home to rest already.
“Don’t move around.” Ashton held her still and used the iodine to disinfect her wound.
###77: Chapter 77: Don’t Overthink It 77: Chapter 77: Don’t Overthink It Joanna Lawrence cried out in pain, her face wrinkling from the hurt.
Ashton Heath immediately stopped: “Does it hurt a lot?”
Before Joanna could say anything, Denver Lancaster nearby exclaimed, “Young lady, let me tell you, this is Ashton’s first time taking care of someone else.
If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t have believed it.”
“Even Ms.
Rebecca, who grew up with him, has never received such treatment.”
As soon as Denver finished speaking, he felt a chill on his back, as if cold air had entered his body.
He shivered all over.
When he looked up, he saw Ashton Heath with half-lidded eyes, a cold gaze and a hint of warning in his eyes.
It took Denver a few seconds to realize that he seemed to have said something wrong.
He hastily explained, “Young lady, don’t misunderstand, Ashton and Ms.
Joanna have a pure friendship that can’t be purer.
They’ve known each other for so many years, and if there was something between them, they would have been together a long time ago.”
Joanna Lawrence looked at Denver Lancaster, confused.
Had she said something earlier?
“Really, Ashton and Ms.
Joanna are just like siblings.
You mustn’t overthink it.” Denver added, worried that she wouldn’t believe him.
His explanations only made Joanna more confused.
Meanwhile, Ashton Heath’s face grew darker and his gaze colder.
Denver suddenly realized that he seemed to be making things worse.
His explanation seemed to imply that there was something between Ashton Heath and Ms.
Rebecca.
Seeing Ashton’s expression getting worse, Denver quickly stood up and headed toward the door, thinking of how precious his life was, “Well, I guess I’m not needed here anymore.
I’ll be going now.
Let’s have dinner together when we’re all free.
Hahaha.”
After saying that, he quickly left as if he had put oil on his feet.
*
After Denver left,
Only Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath were left in the spacious Dean’s Office.
He continued to disinfect her wounds, and his movements were much gentler than before.
After wiping all the injured areas, he sprayed Luminex Healing Elixir on her once more.
As he wiped the wound on her leg, he crouched down and gently lifted her calf.
Her leg felt warm from his breathing.
It felt somewhat wet and ticklish.
Joanna Lawrence looked down at him, carefully applying the medicine, and her heart rate suddenly increased.
Perhaps it was because he had been a doctor before; he seemed very skilled at these things.
After treating all her scrapes, Ashton Heath checked her shoulder carefully.
After confirming that nothing was missed, he released her.
“Even though it’s just a minor scrape, be careful.” He tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear.
“When you get back, remember to apply the medicine regularly and don’t forget.”
“Okay, I got it.” Joanna Lawrence obediently nodded her head.
She wanted to return to school early and asked, “Can I go back to school now?”
Ashton Heath nodded.
He glanced at his watch and realized it was time for him to return to the company.
There were still many things waiting for him to handle at the company.
This trip had been a small break from his busy schedule.
“Let’s go then.”
Joanna Lawrence had always been well-behaved at school, never skipping classes or leaving early.
The performance class that afternoon was one she really enjoyed, taught by a teacher she liked, and she didn’t want to miss it.
###78: Chapter 78: Hmm, don’t overthink 78: Chapter 78: Hmm, don’t overthink “Wait.” Ashton Heath reached out and held her shoulder, his lips moving as if he wanted to say something.
Joanna Lawrence blinked, “Is there anything else?”
His eyebrows furrowed slightly, and there was a hint of hesitation in his eyes.
After a while, he said, “I can explain the matter that Denver Lancaster just mentioned.”
Joanna Lawrence had a confused face: “”
She was stunned, “Explain… What?”
Ashton Heath’s deep and enchanting dark eyes stared at her for a while, and he said seriously, “The Miss Rebecca that Denver mentioned is named Rebecca Kelloway.
She is the daughter of the Kelloway Group, and indeed, we grew up together.
Sir Kelloway and my grandfather have long been family friends, so our families have always been on good terms.
Before, there did exist the intention of a marriage alliance between our two families, but neither Rebecca nor I had any interest in that, so the matter was dropped.”
“Joanna, Rebecca is two years younger than me, and in my heart, she is no different from a sister.”
“So, you don’t have to worry about her presence.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
She…
is not worried.
It seemed that she had never said she was worried.
Why did both he and Denver think that she would misunderstand something?
She really did not misunderstand or overthink it!
Moreover, even if he really had something with Miss Rebecca, she would not mind it.
Their marriage was nothing more than a mutually beneficial agreement, without any element of love.
She needed him to perform surgery on Jeremy Lawrence, and he chose her because she was the only woman he would not reject.
If it weren’t for her unique traits, he would never have chosen to marry a woman like her.
Joanna Lawrence was very self-aware and knew her place, so she would not get jealous for no reason.
However, seeing how seriously Ashton Heath was explaining, she still responded, “Hmm, I understand.
Don’t worry, I won’t mind her.”
Ashton Heath looked at her for a moment, “You really don’t mind?”
“Really!” She nodded vigorously, “Didn’t you just say it, you consider her as a sister.
I believe you.”
“Okay, don’t overthink things.” Ashton Heath reached out to touch her head and said with a smile, “Alright, let’s go.
I’ll take you back to school.”
*
Meanwhile, on the other side.
After Aria Rowlett sent a text message to David Benington, he decided to find Joanna Lawrence immediately upon receiving it.
Annie Lawrence was with him.
They were in a jewelry store, picking out jewelry.
“David, does this necklace look good on me?” Annie Lawrence was trying on a pink diamond necklace, and she looked at David with a charming smile.
David glanced at her, his mind evidently elsewhere.
He hesitated for two seconds, then took out a prestige card from his bag and handed it to Annie Lawrence, softly saying, “Baby, I have something urgent to deal with and can’t accompany you any longer.
Feel free to buy anything you like, and I’ll come to you after I’m done, okay?”
Upon hearing that he was about to leave, Annie Lawrence complained, “What’s the matter?
You said you would be with me today.”
Before David could say anything, Annie Lawrence glanced at the phone in his hand and asked suspiciously, “David, who did you just chat with?”
“I…” David looked at her, hesitated for a moment, and then told the truth, “Annie, a girl from Joanna’s dormitory just texted me, saying that Joanna is in trouble and asked me to go there immediately.”
“She seemed quite anxious, and I’m worried that Joanna might get hurt.”
###79: Chapter 79: It’s Impossible for Her and Me Now 79: Chapter 79: It’s Impossible for Her and Me Now Upon hearing that it was related to Joanna, Annie’s face changed instantly.
Her eyes darkened, and she looked up at David with worry, asking anxiously, “What happened to Joanna?”
“I don’t know.” David frowned, “But if it’s not something troublesome, Aria wouldn’t come to me for help.
So…”
“I understand what you mean.” Annie gently patted the back of David’s hand, empathetically saying, “If Joanna is really in trouble, we have to help her.
But before that, I think it’s better to find out what happened first, and then make a decision.
What do you think?”
“You mean…”
“Joanna and I go to the same school, and I have quite a few friends there.
How about this?
I’ll call my friend right now and ask her to find out what happened.
If Joanna is really in trouble, my friend won’t sit by and do nothing.
Having her help Joanna would be much faster than us rushing over, right?”
Thinking over it, David found her words reasonable and nodded, “Alright, go ahead and call your friend.”
A minute later.
Annie hung up the phone.
She smiled at David and said, “It’s all clear now; it’s just a small dispute between classmates, nothing serious.”
David was stunned, “Just a small conflict among classmates?”
Why did Aria make it sound like it was serious?
“Yeah,” Annie leaned on him, holding his arm, and said with a somewhat helpless tone, “Why would I lie to you?
Joanna is my sister; if someone was bullying her, how could I not worry about her?”
“But…”
“David,” Annie sighed, her voice deep, “There’s something I don’t know if I should say.”
David lowered his head to look at her, “What is it?”
Annie bit the corner of her lip, her eyes filled with resentment, “I think Joanna is still thinking about you.
You’re such a great guy, David; she must be unwilling to let go of you just like that.
She’s just looking for an excuse to see you now.”
“Otherwise, I really can’t understand why she would ask you to come over for just a small quarrel among classmates!”
David was dumbfounded.
He didn’t know why, but when he heard Annie say that, a sense of delight rose in his heart.
Was Joanna still thinking about him?
Did this mean that she still had feelings for him, that she couldn’t forget him?
Her previous coldness and distance were just pretend.
That’s right, it must be like this.
She had always been a proud girl, and after experiencing his betrayal, how could she not be angry, resentful, and hateful in her heart?
But that didn’t mean she didn’t love him anymore.
Their years of love—how could they be forgotten so easily?
Thinking of this, David’s mood turned joyful, and he hid that bit of delight in his heart, embracing Annie in his arms, “Baby, are you jealous?
Now that I’m with you, you’re the only one in my heart.”
“Whatever Joanna thinks, she and I are impossible now.”
“David,” Annie bit her lip pitifully, hugging him, “I know I’m the only one in your heart, but I’m still so afraid.”
“What are you afraid of?” Looking at the red-eyed, pitiful girl in his arms, David felt pity and gently kissed her forehead, speaking softly, “I’m all yours, body and soul, what else is there to be afraid of?”
###80: Chapter 81: What on Earth Happened?
80: Chapter 81: What on Earth Happened?
“You and Joanna have a significant history, she must hold a special place in your heart.
I’m scared that you may regret being with me.”
“Silly girl, don’t talk nonsense.
How can I possibly regret it?
Knowing you, being with you, is the one thing in my life I would never regret.” The more afraid Annie appeared, the more gratified David felt.
It made him feel needed by her, as if, without him, she wouldn’t be able to go on.
And he really did feel that way in his heart.
Annie is vulnerable, she needs a man she can depend on.
Without someone taking care of her, her life is sure to fall apart.
Joanna, on the other hand, is a different story.
Despite her delicate facade, inviting pity and sympathy, she is a very independent woman.
Even without him, she can still lead a good life.
But if Annie lost him…
“Really?” Annie raised her teary eyes, choked up, “Could you promise me one thing?”
“Okay, tell me.” Seeing her pitiful look, David said, feeling sorry, “No matter what you ask, I promise.”
“Since Joanna still cares for you, in the future, could you try to meet with her less?
David, you’re my boyfriend now, I don’t want you to see other women.”
She pouted, her tone sour with jealousy, “Even if that woman is Joanna, I can get jealous too.”
Hearing this, David was initially displeased, but observing her childish jealousy melted away his displeasure.
It was because she cared too much about him.
If she didn’t love him this much, she wouldn’t be this worried.
With that thought, David’s sympathy for her doubled.
Without any hesitation, he nodded, “Alright, I promise you.”
A trace of triumph flickered in Annie’s eyes, “Then you will now…”
“Let’s not go.” David softly ruffled her hair, “It’s a small disagreement, no need for me to intervene.
Let’s continue choosing jewelry.”
“David, you’re the best.”
Annie tiptoed to give him a kiss on the lips, her face beaming with satisfaction.
Ah, Joanna, what about your longstanding relationship with David?
In his heart, aren’t I more important?
*
After leaving the hospital, Ashton Heath dropped Joanna off at her school.
He watched her enter the school gates before letting Zack drive towards the office.
Upon reaching the office, he called in Cody Aberton.
“President Ashton.” Cody entered the president’s office and greeted him respectfully.
Ashton picked up a document, without lifting his gaze, “Tomorrow, negotiate the acquisition of Hook Group.”
Cody was startled, “Acquisition?
President Ashton, are you planning to acquire Hook Group?”
This came quite unexpectedly.
He hadn’t hinted at any intentions of this before.
“Yes,” Ashton flipped through a few pages of the document and added, “Also, make a call to the principal of Closia Film School later, inform him about two female students who exhibit poor conduct, so he can take expulsion measures.”
Cody: “…”
Why say he’s going off to acquire a company and expel students from a school after just one trip?
What had happened exactly?
As for the school, there’s no big issue.
The Heath Group holds a significant amount of shares in Closia Film School, in other words, Ashton is a key board member of the school.
###81: Chapter 82: It’s getting cold, let the Hook Group go bankrupt.
81: Chapter 82: It’s getting cold, let the Hook Group go bankrupt.
Not to mention expelling problematic students, with a single word, he could even replace the principal.
But Hook Group…
Cody Aberton thought for a moment and spoke honestly, “President Ashton, Hook Group is a well-known medium-sized enterprise with a decent scale and is not struggling with revenue.
If we suddenly propose acquisition, they might not be willing.”
Ashton Heath lifted his head, and with a glance from those cold eyes, Cody Aberton dared not speak anymore.
“Are you implying that whether the Heath Group acquires a company or not depends on the consent of the other company?”
Upon hearing this, Cody Aberton trembled with fright and quickly responded, “President Ashton, that’s not what I meant.”
Ashton Heath half-closed his eyes, slapped the file onto the table, and said, word by word, coldly, “If they are not willing, then short them in the stock market and make Hook Group go bankrupt.
When the time comes, they will be begging Heath Group to buy them out.”
A look of surprise crossed Cody Aberton’s eyes.
Shorting Hook Group in the stock market?
That would require pouring in a lot of money, right?
Although Heath Group isn’t lacking such a sum, the original intention of acquisitions is to make a profit.
But if President Ashton operated in this manner, he wouldn’t be aiming to make a profit at all.
He would be losing money.
He had been with President Ashton for many years, and he had never seen him engage in loss-making deals,
This was truly an unprecedented first.
Cody Aberton felt that all the unorthodox things President Ashton had done recently seemed to be related to Ms.
Joanna.
This time, would it be about Ms.
Joanna again?!
“…Yes, President Ashton!”
Although Cody Aberton was full of questions, once the boss had made a decision, besides obeying, dare he ask another question?!
President Ashton said to make Hook Group go bankrupt, then Hook Group must go bankrupt!
No matter whether the sky is cool or not!
*
The next day.
Joanna Lawrence heard that Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright had been expelled from school.
They were publicized throughout the school due to the severity of their actions.
At the same time.
That afternoon, all major Financial News Channels were broadcasting the bankruptcy of Hook Group overnight, stating that Hook Group’s stock price had plummeted overnight, so quickly that there wasn’t even a chance to salvage the situation.
Hook Group was also a locally known enterprise that had been operating for over twenty years without encountering any significant financial crises.
Just overnight, it all of a sudden went bankrupt, surprising everyone.
People were speculating about the reason behind Hook Group’s bankruptcy.
Someone suggested that Hook Group had internal problems all along but just kept it from the public.
Now, it could not hold up anymore and is finally exposed.
Some people believed that the boss of Hook Group offended someone, and someone intended to ruin Hook Group.
If it were the latter, given the astounding power and wealth of these people who could bring Hook Group down overnight, one could only imagine their might and money.
As everyone was speculating, Joanna Lawrence heard the news and was shocked.
She texted Ashton Heath, “Is the bankruptcy of Hook Group… your doing?”
Ashton Heath replied quickly, “Yes.”
Seeing his reply, Joanna Lawrence was stunned for a moment.
She asked again, “Is it…
because of me?”
Ashton Heath: “Yes.”
Joanna Lawrence: “…”
Even though she wasn’t well-versed in business, she understood that causing a fairly sizable company to go bankrupt overnight wasn’t a simple task.
She never thought Ashton Heath would go this far for her.
In fact, she hardly suffered any losses yesterday.
Speaking of which, the ones who suffered were Moon and her group.
She thought that beating those guys up and having them visit the police station would be punishment enough.
###Chapter 81: Is He Pursuing Rebecca Kelloway?
Under the glare of the bright lights, the dazzling glow of each gemstone was almost blinding. 
"Wow, it’s so beautiful!" 
"So pretty!" 
A group of women at the venue were amazed by this set of jewelry, exclaiming in admiration. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at the stage and couldn’t help but say, "It is indeed beautiful. No wonder it was Queen Elena’s favorite set of jewelry." 
Upon hearing this, Yannick Luther turned his head and gave Ashton Heath a meaningful look. 
Ashton glanced at the stage and, without revealing any emotion, leaned down and whispered in Joanna’s ear, "Do you like this set of jewelry?" 
He was leaning so close that Joanna’s ear felt ticklish. 
She looked up and casually replied, "Mhm, I like it." 
Which girl wouldn’t like shiny things like this? 
Moreover, this set of jewelry had already been around for several centuries, and yet its luster and purity remained so good. 
"Okay." 
Ashton only said this before picking up the auction paddle, ready to bid on the jewelry. 
"Wait!" Joanna suddenly realized and grabbed his hand. "Ashton Heath, what are you doing?" 
Ashton looked at her: "Buying this set of jewelry for you." 
Joanna: "!!!" 
She didn’t say she wanted it. 
Was it just because she said she liked it a moment ago that he decided to buy it for her? 
She truly liked it. 
But she never thought about having him buy it for her. 
While the jewelry set was beautiful, it wasn’t suitable for daily wear. Buying it would most likely mean it would just sit in their home as a collector’s item.
The starting bid was ten million dollars. 
Who knew how much the final price would be. 
Joanna felt that spending so much money just to have it as a collector’s item was completely unnecessary. 
Even though she knew her husband was very rich. 
"Why would you buy it for me? I didn’t ask for it." 
"Didn’t you say you liked it?" 
"Yes, I like it. But it doesn’t mean I need to own it." 
"If you like it, then we should buy it." 
"I just think it’s a beautiful set of jewelry. Don’t buy it for me. I won’t wear it anyway. It’s a waste of money." 
Joanna attempted to snatch the auction paddle from Ashton’s hand. 
At this moment, however, a man’s voice from behind them rang out, "Eleven million, five hundred thousand dollars." 
The voice was very close. 
Joanna turned her head and saw a man sitting a row behind them, bidding with his paddle. 
Then, she saw Rebecca Kelloway. 
Rebecca Kelloway was sitting next to the man. 
Joanna heard Rebecca ask the man, "Manager Joshua Ranson, are you interested in this set of jewelry? Are you planning to buy it for someone special?" 
The man turned his head, looking tenderly at her, "Ms. Kelloway, didn’t you say you liked this set of jewelry? All I’m doing is trying to make you smile." 
"Manager Ranson, are you...for me?" 
"As long as Ms. Kelloway likes it, I’ll buy it for you. Besides, I think there’s no one more suitable to own this set of jewelry than Ms. Kelloway." 
Those around them heard their conversation and envious voices began to emerge. 
"Who is that man? Is he pursuing Rebecca? He’s certainly very generous." 
"Don’t you know? That’s the young master of Sheldon Group. Sheldon Group has been developing quite well in recent years, so they have plenty of money. Although this young master isn’t as good-looking and rich as Ashton Heath, he’s still quite impressive. If he’s courting Rebecca, he would actually make a great match."
###Chapter82: The Competitive Spirit Was Suddenly Stimulated
The noble madam set a final bottom-line price for herself. 
If the cost exceeded twenty million dollars, she would no longer bid. 
"Twenty million dollars! Is anyone willing to offer a higher price than Madam Young?" 
This price made the man beside Rebecca Kelloway, who wholeheartedly intended to win her favor, hesitate. 
After all, although he wanted to win Rebecca’s heart, they hadn’t confirmed any relationship between them yet. 
Was spending more than twenty million dollars to pursue a woman worth it? 
As the man hesitated, the surrounding gossip started again. 
"Do you think that Mr. Sheldon will continue bidding? It seems like he’s hesitating." 
"He wants to buy the jewelry as a gift for Rebecca, right? Now that everyone knows about this, if he gives up, wouldn’t Rebecca feel like she’s losing face?" 
"That’s right. If it were Ashton Heath, he’d probably spend up to one hundred million dollars to win the bid. If Mr. Sheldon doesn’t bid further, it would just prove that Rebecca isn’t worth more than twenty million dollars in his heart. Wouldn’t that be a slap in her face?" 
As these people discussed, they watched Rebecca with the mentality of enjoying a good show. 
Rebecca had no interest in the man beside her. 
So she didn’t have any feelings for his actions of spending money on jewelry to win her favor. 
But after hearing the surrounding people’s gossip, her expression changed bit by bit. 
Looking at the crowd seemingly waiting to see her make a fool of herself, she clenched her lips. Her competitive spirit was ignited, making it impossible to remain calm any longer. 
She turned her head, pretending not to know that the man’s bid for the jewelry was to win her favor, and whispered to him, "Manager Joshua Ranson, this jewelry set is beautiful, and I really like it. Can you do me a favor and not raise the price, so I can have it?" 
"Ms. Kelloway, do you really like this jewelry?" 
"Yes, it’s so beautiful. I fell in love with it the moment I saw it. I want to get this jewelry. Can you ..." 
The man stared at her stunningly beautiful face, seemingly captivated for a few seconds. 
Rebecca’s voice became even lower, as if whispering sweet nothings into the man’s ear, "Manager Joshua Ranson, can you? I really want this jewelry." 
At first, the man was still hesitating whether to continue bidding or not. 
However, upon hearing Rebecca’s gentle whisper in his ear, he felt as though his entire body turned limp and his blood boiled. On impulse, he immediately said, "As long as Ms. Kelloway likes it, I’ll give it to you." 
"But how could I accept it? I can’t let you spend that kind of money for something I want." Rebecca refused decisively. 
The more she refused, the more the man wanted to give it to her. 
"Why not? Your happiness means more than anything. Such jewelry is meant for a beauty like you. No one else would deserve this jewelry set other than you, Ms. Kelloway.". 
"But it’s too expensive..." Rebecca’s face showed conflict. 
"As long as Ms. Kelloway likes it, no expense is too great." The man looked infatuated, staring at her while expressing his devotion, "Please don’t refuse, give me the opportunity to give you a gift."
After saying that, he raised the sign in his hand, fearing further rejection from Rebecca, and promptly bid, "Twenty-five million dollars." 
"Wow!" 
Gasps of astonishment sounded around them. 
"Mr. Sheldon is very generous towards Rebecca. He must really like her." 
"With this price, no one else should participate in the bidding, right? It seems like the jewelry will fall into Rebecca’s hands."
###Chapter 83 Suddenly Someone Snatches It Away
Rebecca Kelloway and the man beside her both froze simultaneously. 
People around them also looked in the direction of the voice. 
Ashton Heath, sitting in the front row, calmly raised his sign. 
Seeing him raise the sign, Yannick Luther smirked, with a "I knew it" expression, and said: "Ashton, I knew you would make a move. But the timing of your move was so tight, just one more second, and these jewels would belong to someone else." 
"Ashton, what are you doing?" Joanna Lawrence stretched out her hand to tug at his sleeve, squinting her eyes a bit nervously, "Didn’t I tell you that I don’t want these jewels? Why are you still going to bid for them?" 
She kept her voice low, audible only to the two of them. 
Ashton Heath lowered his head to look at her: "Don’t you like them?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She did like them, but she had told him that she just found them beautiful and wanted to appreciate them, that’s all. 
What a spendthrift! 
This was thirty million dollars, not thirty thousand! 
"If you like them, bid for them," Ashton Heath reached out and rubbed her head, smiling indulgently, "I don’t want others to say that I’m stingy and won’t give a single penny to the woman I love. I don’t care if they say something about me, but I won’t allow them to ridicule you." 
"There have only been others envying my woman, never my woman envying others." 
Ashton Heath hadn’t heard all the whispers from before, but he caught a few. 
As he said, he didn’t care much about how others saw him. 
But he couldn’t tolerate others making fun of Joanna Lawrence. 
"Impressive, absolutely impressive." Yannick Luther gave Ashton Heath a thumbs up, his face full of admiration, "Ashton, I just realized that when you say sweet nothings, you’re even cheesier than me. I admire your self-taught talent." 
Ashton Heath expressionlessly glared at him. 
"Thirty million dollars, Mr. Ashton Heath has raised the price to thirty million dollars. Is there a higher price?" The auctioneer’s excited voice rang out again. 
Ashton Heath’s unexpected move stunned the people at the venue. 
The women who had just been envying Rebecca Kelloway now directed their envious gazes at Joanna Lawrence.
"Who was it that said Ashton Heath was stingy just now? I knew it, the President of the Heath Group’s money is endless. Where would he be unwilling to spend these tens of millions of dollars?" 
"Did you see that? Rebecca Kelloway’s face seemed to turn green. She must be fuming. She thought those jewels would surely be hers, only to be intercepted by someone else." 
"Do you think Mr. Sheldon will continue bidding? If he is not willing to bid any further, and these wjewels are taken by Ashton Heath, wouldn’t that leave Rebecca Kelloway with no face?" 
"Continue bidding? That would be simply looking for embarrassment. In terms of money, who can compete with the Heath family?" 
"It depends on how much he values Rebecca Kelloway and whether he’s willing to spend a lot of money to save face for her." 
Rebecca Kelloway had never expected Ashton Heath to make a last-minute move like this. 
She was dumbfounded for a while before coming back to her senses. 
The man beside her was obviously surprised too, maintaining the same expression on his face for quite some time. 
Ashton Heath had gone straight to a price of thirty million dollars. 
That additional twenty million plus dollars was already painful for the man. 
When the auctioneer on stage asked again if there was a higher bid, he hesitated.
###Chapter 84 Already Beyond Their Expectations
It was genuine that he wanted to pursue Rebecca Kelloway. 
However, his bidding opponent was Ashton Heath 
He was very clear in his heart that he could not possibly compete with Ashton Heath. 
At this moment, Rebecca found herself stuck in a bind. 
Everyone knew that the man by her side intended to win the jewelry set on the auction table for her. 
If they suddenly stopped bidding now, 
how humiliating would that be for her? 
Rebecca turned her head and looked at the man beside her, noticing his hesitation. She pretended to be understanding, sighed gently, and said: "Manager Joshua Ranson, let it go. You can’t win against him. Let them have this jewelry set; I don’t need it." 
"I don’t want Manager Joshua Ranson to do all this hard work for my sake." 
The man was still hesitating. 
Her words provoked his will, and he rashly said: "Ms. Kelloway, no matter what, I’ll find a way to get it for you. Even if it means losing everything, I won’t hesitate." 
The man knew that Rebecca still had Mo Ye Si in her heart. 
The meaning of Rebecca’s words just now was that he didn’t have as much strength as Mo Ye Si. 
Although this was the truth, 
no man could accept that the woman he liked thought him inferior to another. 
So, the more Rebecca said this, the more he wanted to prove himself to her. 
If he couldn’t even buy her a piece of jewelry, how would she see him? 
Would he still have a chance? 
"But Manager Joshua Ranson, it’s too expensive." Rebecca bit her lip, looking reluctant. "You don’t have to spend so much money on me. In fact, I don’t even like this jewelry set that much. Just forget it." 
"How can I do that?" The man frowned, "I promised to give it to Ms. Kelloway, I can’t go back on my word." 
"Manager Joshua Ranson..." 
"Ms. Kelloway, you don’t need to persuade me further. Just wait, I’ll definitely win this jewelry set for you." The man declared with noble aspiration. 
Having said that, he passionately raised his card, "Thirty-five million dollars!" 
"Wow, Mr. Sheldon is fighting for his lady." 
"It seems that he has really fallen for Rebecca. He’s really willing to spend on her. But can he win against Ashton Heath?" 
"This will be a good show. They’re both bidding for jewelry to please the woman by their side; let’s see who is more generous." 
"Although Rebecca didn’t end up with Ashton Heath, she met a man who is so willing to spend money on her. She’s quite fortunate." 
"Thirty-five million dollars!" The auctioneer exclaimed excitedly, "Is there any higher offer than thirty-five million dollars?" 
The price of this jewelry set had already exceeded their expectations. 
They originally thought it could sell for at most thirty million dollars. 
But looking at the situation now, it might not even sell for forty million dollars. 
Both the auctioneer on stage and the other people sitting below were watching with the attitude of enjoying a good show, waiting to see how high the bidding price would be.
In the end, who would be the one to laugh last? 
Upon hearing the price, Ashton Heath just gave a slight smile and raised his card once more, his voice was calm as well: "50 million dollars." 
A collective gasp resounded. 
He directly raised it by fifteen million dollars. 
The bidding man’s face once again froze. 
However, looking at Rebecca sitting beside him, he clenched his teeth and continued to bid stubbornly: "55 million dollars." 
Accompanying this was Ashton Heath’s indifferent voice: "70 million dollars." 
The bidding man’s face had turned the color of pig liver.
###Chapter 85 Why Must She Be Treated Unfairly
This was the first time he had encountered someone like Ashton Heath bidding at an auction. 
He was simply too willful. 
The man couldn’t even imagine how outrageous the price would become if he continued bidding. 
Even if he was determined to win Rebecca Kelloway’s heart, he couldn’t afford to keep up with this price. 
It was at this moment that he realized the massive financial gap between him and Ashton Heath. 
"70 million dollars now. Is there anyone offering a higher bid?" The auctioneer was so excited that his voice significantly increased in pitch. 
There was silence for a few seconds. 
"Is there anyone offering a higher price?" The auctioneer inquired again loudly. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face turned ugly as she clenched her fists and looked at the man beside her. 
The man turned his head and, not wanting to keep up the fa?ade, said apologetically, "I’m sorry, Miss Kelloway. I really can’t compete with President Ashton. I said I would give this jewelry set to you, but now I’m going back on my word. I’m truly sorry." 
"If it were anyone else, I might have a shot. But against President Ashton, there’s no way I can outbid him. Miss Kelloway, I’ve tried my best." The man’s voice lowered, feeling defeated. 
When Ashton Heath stated the 70 million dollar bid, Rebecca Kelloway no longer had any expectations from the man beside her. 
Because she realized that Ashton Heath was determined to have that jewelry set. 
Who could possibly outbid him for something he wanted?
So, Rebecca Kelloway didn’t blame the man beside her. 
Just a second ago, she was the envy of others. 
The next moment, she was humiliated in front of so many people. 
She didn’t understand. 
Why did Ashton Heath have to be so difficult with her? 
Why did he have to make her lose face in public, time and time again, and become the joke of others? 
How could he treat her like this! 
No, this definitely couldn’t be his intention. 
It must have been Joanna Lawrence. 
It was Joanna Lawrence who made him do this. 
That vile woman didn’t want her to steal the limelight and deliberately used this to humiliate her! 
"Manager Joshua Ranson, don’t blame yourself. It’s not your fault." Rebecca Kelloway clenched her teeth, her hateful gaze fixed on the front row. "You really can’t beat Ashton Heath. Forget it. If they want that jewelry set so much, let them have it." 
"Is there anyone bidding higher than 70 million dollars? 70 million dollars going once, 70 million dollars going twice, 70 million dollars going thrice! Sold! This jewelry set, which was Queen Elena’s favorite, now belongs to Mr. Ashton." 
In the final call of the auctioneer’s hammer, the jewelry set was won by Ashton Heath. 
Needless to say, Rebecca Kelloway’s face was extremely unsightly. 
The others who had witnessed the exciting bidding war were now eagerly discussing it. 
"I knew it. With Ashton Heath making a move, no one could possibly outbid him. Spending 70 million dollars to buy this jewelry set, the Heath family’s wealth is just too substantial. The Ranson family is decent too, but they really can’t compare with the Heath family." 
"Luckily, Mr. Joshua Ranson knows his limits and didn’t continue to bid. Otherwise, how would he save face later." 
"Ashton Heath spent 70 million dollars to buy this jewelry set for Joanna Lawrence, and it’s as if he snatched it away from Rebecca Kelloway. Kelloway must be livid. What was originally her chance to show off has now turned into a slap in her face." 
As Rebecca Kelloway listened to the surrounding discussions, her teeth dug deep into her lip, her face burning as if she had been slapped several times.
###Chapter 86: Baby, our family is not short of money
"Ashton Heath, have you lost your mind?" At this moment, Joanna Lawrence felt as if her heart was bleeding. 
Ashton Heath had spent seventy million dollars to auction a set of jewelry for her. 
All the women at the venue were looking at her with envy.
But Joanna herself didn’t seem to feel pleased. 
She was nothing but in pain, pure pain. 
She felt that Ashton Heath must have gone crazy. 
He was just a spendthrift! 
million dollars! 
Even though Joanna was wealthy now, she still felt that seventy million dollars was an enormous figure. 
If seventy million dollars were used to buy a villa, she would find it worthwhile. 
But spending seventy million dollars on a set of jewelry seemed unworthy to Joanna. 
Even if she liked that set of jewelry very much. 
She herself would also hesitate to spend so much money on it. 
Ashton Heath looked at her: "Baby, what’s wrong?" 
"Why did you spend so much money on that set of jewelry? Ashton Heath, it’s too expensive. You shouldn’t have paid so much for it." Joanna said, still in pain. 
After all, she was already married to Ashton Heath. 
His money was her money. 
"Whatever you like, no matter how expensive, is worthy of you," Ashton Heath looked at her painful expression, smiled a little, and tousled her hair, "Baby, we’re not short of money. Buy anything you want, don’t need to worry about money." 
"My biggest motivation for making money is to spend on you. If you hesitate to spend, what is the point of me making money? I feel that it’s worth it to please you with my money, not to mention seventy million, even seven hundred million." 
Yannick Luther, standing by the side, was dumbfounded. He looked at Ashton Heath as if he was seeing him for the first time. 
He felt that he might not know Ashton Heath well enough. 
The Ashton Heath he knew, was he so good at whispering sweet nothings? 
Besides, he could even come up with sets of sweet words. 
He was even better at pleasing women than him, a person who was known to be a master in the love realm. 
Yannick Luther thought, luckily Ashton Heath had been indifferent to women for over twenty years before Joanna appeared. 
Otherwise, all those beauties would have been wooed away by him, right? 
* 
Rebecca Kelloway left early. 
After Ashton Heath had won the auction for the jewelry set, she left. 
She felt she had lost all her dignity and became a joke in everyone’s eyes. 
She couldn’t bear to stay at the banquet any longer. 
She didn’t want to see how sweet Joanna and Ashton Heath were together any more either. 
She was afraid that she might lose her temper and do something irrational. 
An hour later. 
Kelloway Residence. 
After getting out of the car, Rebecca Kelloway walked into the hall and heard laughter coming from inside. 
She looked up and saw Regina Kelloway sitting next to Lady Patrice. Lady Patrice was holding her hand, saying something with an affectionate look in her eyes. 
The maids in the hall saw Rebecca Kelloway and greeted her respectfully: "Ms. Joanna." 
"Rebecca, you’re back," Lady Patrice waved at Rebecca and said with a smile, "What a coincidence, your younger sister just got home ten minutes before you did. She was just asking about you, and here you are." 
"Didn’t you go to a banquet? How did you come back so soon?" 
Rebecca Kelloway didn’t answer, instead she lowered her eyes to look at Regina Kelloway. 
Seeing her younger sister’s return, Rebecca didn’t seem much delighted, her facial expression was quite cold. 
Especially seeing Regina’s sweet and innocent face, Rebecca’s expression grew two shades colder.
###Chapter87: How Can She Be Like That Despicable Person!
It was because she saw the shadow of that bitch Joanna Lawrence in Regina. 
How could her sister, Rebecca Kelloway, be like that bitch! 
Rebecca was very dissatisfied that when the Kelloway family was in trouble, the entire family’s burden was placed on her, making her bear it all by herself. 
But Regina was allowed to do nothing. 
Their parents, Princeton and Lady Patrice, claimed it was because Regina was still young. 
However, this reasoning wasn’t something Rebecca could accept. 
In her eyes, her parents were simply favoring Regina. 
Moreover, when she learned about the relationship between Regina and Jeremy Lawrence, Rebecca’s hatred for Joanna also made her dislike Jeremy. 
The boy she disliked was the one her sister liked. 
Rebecca couldn’t accept that. 
That incident also caused Rebecca to have a grievance with Regina. 
"Joanna." Regina noticed Rebecca looking at her and called out softly. 
Rebecca just nodded and tersely replied, "Hmm." 
Afterward, she didn’t say anything else. 
Lady Patrice was somewhat unhappy with her attitude but didn’t dare to say anything. 
The reason the Kelloway Group survived its crisis and was rescued from the brink of bankruptcy was due to Rebecca receiving an investment. 
Also, all the subsequent Kelloway business deals were negotiated by Rebecca. 
Thus, Princeton decided to allow Rebecca to take charge of the Kelloway Group. 
Now, Rebecca was the one who had authority in the Kelloway family, and even Lady Patrice had to watch her words. 
"Rebecca, go upstairs and change your clothes. By the way, have you had dinner yet? If not, come down later, and I’ll make a late-night snack for you and your sister." 
"Are you going to cook yourself, Mom?" Rebecca asked. 
Lady Patrice smiled and nodded, "I’ll cook some noodles for you and your sister. Do you want some?" 
Rebecca also smiled and said, "I’m going to benefit from Regina’s presence then. Regina, do you know, Mom usually never cooks. It’s only when you come home that she’ll personally cook a meal." 
"Look at how much Mom loves you." 
After Rebecca said those words, the hall was silent for a moment. 
For four or five seconds, Lady Patrice’s facial expression was stiff. 
"Rebecca, what are you saying? If you want to eat my cooking, just tell me. I’ll cook for you anytime." Lady Patrice’s expression was a bit awkward. 
Rebecca curled her lips slightly, her smile faint, "We have maids and chefs at home, I wouldn’t want to bother you with cooking. Besides, some things change when you ask for them yourself." 
"I’m not hungry. You just make the snack for Regina. Don’t worry about me." 
After saying those words, Rebecca turned and walked upstairs. 
"This, Regina, your sister..." Lady Patrice’s eyes expressed grievance, as if she had been hurt by Rebecca’s words just now. 
"What’s going on with your sister?" Lady Patrice’s eyes were a bit watery, she wiped the corner of her eyes with her hand and choked up, "Did I say something wrong? I seem to have made her angry." 
"Mom, it’s not your fault." Regina bit her lip. She knew very well why Rebecca was truly upset, "Perhaps she encountered something unpleasant at the banquet, which is why she came home early." 
"Mom, wait a moment. I’ll go upstairs to see Joanna." 
"Hmm, it might be that. Go quickly and see her. Ask her what happened." As Lady Patrice spoke, she sighed, "Rebecca has been in a bad mood lately. In hindsight, I shouldn’t have brought her to the Parker family’s event that day."
###Chapter 88: He said he has someone he likes now.
"To the Parker family?" Regina Kelloway was taken aback, "Why are you taking Joanna to the Parker family?" 
Lady Patrice paused before saying, "Previously, the Parker family showed interest in establishing a marriage alliance with the Kelloway family. I thought since Joanna and the Parker boy knew each other since childhood and both families are well acquainted, plus the Parker boy has liked Joanna since they were kids. If she marries him, she won’t be treated poorly." 
"If the two families could successfully establish this marriage alliance, it would benefit both the Parker and Kelloway families. I even asked Joanna, and she agreed." 
"But I never imagined..." Lady Patrice’s face darkened as she thought of what had happened that day. 
Regina was stunned for a few seconds. 
She hadn’t known about this. 
However, she did know that Frank Parker had liked Joanna for many years. 
However, Joanna was in love with Ashton Heath. 
"What happened that day?" Regina asked curiously. 
Lady Patrice nodded, her face darkening, and said, "I thought this matter was a certainty. But to my surprise, while Joanna agreed, Frank Parker suddenly refused. You don’t know how much face he’d lost refusing Joanna." 
"He showed no respect for the Kelloway family. Forget about you, even I was furious. What’s wrong with the Kelloway family now, does that mean Rebecca doesn’t deserve Frank? Rebecca doesn’t mind his sickness, and he has the audacity to turn her away." 
Regina was shocked, "Frank rejected Joanna? How could that be, he loves Joanna so much, he has always wanted to marry her." 
"Yes, he has always shown that he likes Joanna. We all thought he loved Rebecca very much. That’s why the two families had this intention. Who knew..." Lady Patrice said angrily, "He said he found someone he likes. I don’t believe there could be a woman better than Rebecca. He will regret it sooner or later!" 
Regina was truly shocked to hear Lady Patrice’s words. 
She was also surprised that Frank Parker rejected Rebecca Kelloway. 
If the Kelloway family was in a difficult situation before and Frank Park, considering the Parker family’s interests, didn’t want to marry Rebecca, Regina would have understood. 
After all, you can’t live off love. 
Their families were, to begin with, interest-oriented. 
But now, the Kelloway family is already out of trouble. 
Moreover, according to Lady Patrice, it was the Parker family that took the initiative to propose a marriage alliance with the Kelloway family. 
So why did Frank Parker refuse? 
"Frank has always loved Joanna and was willing to marry her. If he rejected her, he must have had an insurmountable reason," Regina said this. 
"Insurmountable reason." Lady Patrice scoffed, "He simply changed his mind and fell in love with another woman. From now on, I want to see what kind of woman he fell for." 
"Mom, don’t be angry." Regina patted Lady Patrice’s chest gently, soothingly saying, "Joanna is so excellent, she will certainly find a remarkable husband in the future. Actually, I think it’s a good thing that the Parker family refused." 
"A good thing?" 
"Yes, I believe Frank’s personality doesn’t match well with Joanna’s. If they truly ended up together, they might not be happy." 
"Well, that’s true. My daughter is so excellent, she won’t have any trouble finding a good match." 
"I’d better go and ask Joanna." Regina said, standing up, "Mom, I’ll come back down in a while and keep you company."
###Chapter89: None of the Heaths’ men are any good.
"Joanna, I’m not..." Regina Kelloway hurriedly tried to explain. 
"Regina, you should know very well how the Heaths treated our Kelloway family before, right? Jeremy Lawrence is now the youngest master of the Heaths, he is one of the Heaths. The Heaths are our enemies, and you’re still in contact with an enemy? How can you do this to your Kelloway surname!" 
Regina knew that she couldn’t anger Rebecca Kelloway at this time. 
But upon hearing Rebecca say such things, she couldn’t help but defend Jeremy: "Joanna, it’s true that the Heaths never helped our Kelloway family. But this matter can’t be blamed on Jeremy either. He is just a junior in the Heath family, and he was just acknowledged not long ago. Even if he wanted to help, he would be powerless." 
"Hmph," sneered Rebecca, "So what? As long as he’s one of the Heaths, he’s an enemy of the Kelloway family. You’re not allowed to have any contact with him in the future!" 
Regina looked at Rebecca like this, feeling incredibly strange. 
"Joanna, I haven’t had much contact with Jeremy in a long time. I’ve already left Closia, and I won’t have much to do with him in the future. However, Jeremy is not my enemy; he hasn’t done anything to wrong me." 
"I won’t blame the Heaths’ unwillingness to help on him." 
Even knowing that Rebecca would definitely be angry, Regina still said so. 
As expected, just as her words fell, she saw Rebecca’s face darken: "So you’re saying, you’re not willing to listen to me? You still want to continue interacting with Jeremy?" 
After thinking about it, Regina sincerely said to Rebecca: "Joanna, I am not a child anymore. Please don’t treat me like a child all the time. I know how to handle my relationship with Jeremy." 
"Regina Kelloway!" Rebecca’s face turned black, "I will never allow you to have any contact with Jeremy. Listen well, I am now in charge of the Kelloway family. If you don’t behave, I will cancel all your supplementary cards, and you will never get a penny from me again." 
Regina was stunned. 
She looked up, disbelievingly, at Rebecca. 
Rebecca had been overbearing before, 
But not to this extent. 
"You can interact with any other guys, but not Jeremy!" Rebecca gritted her teeth, "If you still consider me your sister, then listen to me." 
"Joanna, why? Just because Jeremy is a member of the Lawrence family? Is the real reason because of Jeremy’s sister? Because Jeremy’s sister and Ashton are together, and you don’t like his sister, so you don’t like Jeremy either." Regina hesitated for a few seconds before finally voicing her thoughts. 
For a moment, Rebecca’s face turned ugly. 
She glared at Regina angrily. 
"None of the Heaths are decent. Do you think Jeremy is good? Everything I’m doing now is for your benefit. You’re still young and naive, and it’s easy for you to be manipulated by them." 
"Do you think I’m harming you?" 
"Joanna, I know you mean well, but..." 
"Just listen to me." Rebecca didn’t let her finish and forcefully interrupted her. 
* 
After leaving Rebecca’s room, Regina stood at the door, dazed for a while. 
Rebecca firmly opposed her having any contact with Jeremy.
She even threatened to cut off her financial resources. 
This was the first time Rebecca had been so overbearing with her. 
Since coming back this time, Regina felt that Rebecca had changed a lot, to the point where she felt like a stranger to her.
###Chapter 90 Should I Help Him?
No wonder even Lady Patrice said Rebecca Kelloway had changed. 
Regina Kelloway didn’t doubt at all that Rebecca could truly do all those things.
The Rebecca Kelloway of today was no longer the same person as before. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath also left the banquet early. 
In the car, Ashton Heath thought about what he’d seen earlier and asked her, "What’s going on with Gary?" 
"Huh?" Joanna Lawrence looked at him, puzzled. 
Ashton Heath held her close, fiddling with her diamond earring as he chuckled, "I saw him pulling and tugging with a girl. They seemed to have a rather unusual relationship." 
"You saw that too?" Joanna exclaimed. 
"Hmm? So, you also saw him pulling and tugging with that girl?" 
"Yep," Joanna nodded, "I did." 
"Do you know that girl?" 
"I don’t. Gary said he knew her from before, and her name is Zoey Turpin. She just recently returned to the country from abroad. I had actually wanted to ask you what kind of relationship she and Gary have, but it seems you don’t know either." 
"Zoey Turpin?" Ashton Heath paused for a moment and then said, "That name sounds familiar. Now I remember, she and Gary did know each other from before." 
"You know her?" Joanna immediately asked curiously, "Then are she and Gary just regular friends?" 
"Of course not. Gary White wouldn’t pull and tug like that with an ordinary friend." 
"Then are they..." 
"They are friends, but more than just ordinary friends. She used to be his student." 
"What? Gary was a teacher?" Joanna was very surprised. 
"He was a visiting professor at an Art Academy for a year. Zoey Turpin was attending that school. That’s how they met each other." 
Ashton Heath thought about it and laughed. 
"Why are you laughing?" 
"Back then, some rumors spread about the Art Academy. Do you want to know what the rumors were?" 
Joanna’s eyes sparkled with curiosity as she immediately nodded, "Yes!" 
Ashton Heath thought for a moment and said, "There were rumors of a teacher-student romance between Gary and Zoey Turpin, but they were later refuted." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
A teacher-student romance?! 
"At first, I thought it was just a rumor, but it doesn’t seem that simple now." 
"What do you mean by that...?" 
"I’ve never seen Gary White pull and tug like that with any other woman." Ashton Heath said only this sentence. 
Joanna Lawrence understood him. 
"So you think that Gary likes Zoey Turpin?" 
"It’s not necessarily ’like.’ But it’s definitely not just treating her as a friend." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t say anything. 
She had noticed it too. 
However, since Gary White refused to admit it, what could she do? 
Moreover, Joanna thought that the reason Gary wouldn’t admit it was probably because he hadn’t realized it himself. 
Just like how she had actually fallen in love with Ashton Heath a long time ago but only realized it in hindsight. 
"But, Gary said that he treats Zoey Turpin like a sister." Joanna Lawrence bit her lip and sighed, "Do you think he hasn’t realized that he’s fallen for her? If that’s the case, should I help him out?" 
She was really afraid that her obtuse brother would miss out on a great marriage. 
"It’s not impossible what you’re saying. But I think it’s better to let him handle this kind of thing himself and not interfere too much. Baby, Gary is already thirty years old, and men at this age are already mature in their dealings. He knows what to do."
###Chapter 91: You Are My Destined Goddess
"You don’t really understand what’s going on between them. Sometimes, good intentions might backfire. What do you think?" 
After listening to his words, Joanna thought for a while and lightly nodded her head. 
Alright. 
Her primary concern was to find a partner for her brother sooner, rather than considering other factors. 
What Ashton said seemed to make a lot of sense. 
"I’m just afraid that my brother can’t see his own heart clearly and will make some regrettable decisions. But since you said that, I won’t interfere." 
Ashton smiled: "If he really can’t see his own heart, then it means that this relationship is not meant for him. Many things depend on fate, like you and me, or Brandon and Aria. When fate arrives, what’s yours will always be yours. What’s not meant for you can’t be forced." 
"Wow." Joanna blinked and looked at him with admiration. 
"Hm?" Ashton raised an eyebrow, "What’s up?" 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh: "I think what you just said is very philosophical. I didn’t expect you to believe in fate. I thought you wouldn’t be so superstitious." 
"Oh? This is not superstition." Ashton reached out and gently knocked on her forehead, "I didn’t believe in these things originally, but since meeting you, I do think that fate exists." 
Otherwise, how could he explain that he would be allergic to any other woman he touched, but not her? 
And how could he explain that Brandon had been single for thirty whole years, never taking a fancy to anyone but Aria, Joanna’s best friend? 
He married Joanna, and Brandon married Aria. 
And Joanna and Aria were the best of friends. 
Some coincidences forced him to believe in certain things. 
"Really?" Joanna looked up with a smiling face, her eyes curving, "So you believe that I’m your destined one?" 
"Yes, I believe." Ashton’s thin lips curled, his eyes full of indulgence, "Baby, you are my destined one." 
Joanna smiled in satisfaction, raised her head, and gently kissed his thin lips: "Then you are my fated one, too." 
"By the way, how is Jeremy’s surgery preparation coming along?" Jeremy’s College Entrance Examination was over, and the date for his surgery had been set. Although Ashton was the main surgeon, and despite his repeated assurances that the surgery would be successful, Joanna felt more and more worried as the day drew nearer. 
She had faith in Ashton’s skills. 
But she was also very worried about Jeremy. 
"Of course, there’s no problem." Ashton smiled and pinched her cheek, "Baby, haven’t I told you? Don’t worry, Jeremy’s surgery will definitely be successful. After the surgery, he will be a normal person." 
"I know." Joanna sighed softly, "I just can’t control myself and can’t help but worry. Do you find me annoying? I’ve asked you so many times, but I still don’t trust you." 
"No." Ashton’s gaze turned gentle, "You are worried about him because you care so much about Jeremy. I understand." 
Joanna leaned into his embrace: "Yeah, although Jeremy is not my biological brother, there’s no difference between him and a real brother in my eyes. After our foster mother and grandmother passed away, the Lawrence family was almost just the two of us depending on each other. Jeremy had a harder time than me when he was younger, and now that he’s finally back to the Heath family,
###Chapter 92Treating her with an extremely polite attitude
Before Ashton Heath could finish drying her hair, she had already fallen asleep. 
Ashton turned on the hairdryer at its lowest setting and patiently dried her hair for over half an hour. Once he was sure her hair was completely dry, he turned off the hairdryer, moved carefully, and picked her up in his arms. 
He carried Joanna Lawrence quietly to the bed, gently placed her on it, and pulled the covers over her. 
The freshly dried hair was fluffy and soft, giving off a faint sweet scent. 
Ashton sat down next to the bed, looking at the sleeping girl, thinking of the words she had just said to him. His heart trembled slightly, and he couldn’t help but lean down and give her soft, fragrant lips a gentle kiss. 
He reached out, caressing her fair face that had turned slightly red, his deep eyes filled with infatuation and tenderness, "Joanna, remember what you said to me. In our next life, you must continue to be my wife." 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna got up early, went to see Linda, had her hair and makeup done, and then the two of them rushed to the press conference for the new TV series. 
All the well-known media reporters from Closia were invited to participate in the countdown press conference for the premiere of "If You Can’t Love." 
As the male lead, Kelvin Norman arrived on time. 
Also present were the main male and female supporting actors. Once everyone was there, the press conference began as scheduled. 
While attending the press conference, Joanna could clearly feel that the attitudes of her co-stars, the staff on-site, and the reporters waiting for interviews were extremely, extremely polite to her. 
They were polite before too. 
But this time, it was especially polite. 
As for this, Joanna did not feel surprised, 
After all, her identity as the daughter of the White family had been revealed. 
This identity was more important than her being known as Ashton Heath’s girlfriend. 
After all, girlfriends may break up eventually. 
Whereas blood ties cannot change. 
People could guess from Gary White’s attitude towards her how much the White family cared for their newly recognized daughter. 
Who wouldn’t want to please the daughter of the White family? 
And who would dare to offend her? 
Therefore, when it was time for journalists to ask questions, their inquiries became especially "gentle." 
No one dared to pose the sharp questions they used to ask, making things difficult for her. 
"Ms. Joanna, many people praised your acting skills after watching the trailer. They think that you, as a newcomer, have performed very well in the TV series. How do you view your performance in the TV series? If you could give a score to your acting skills, how many points would you give?" 
"Give a score to my acting skills?" 
"Yeah." 
"What’s the full score?" 
"A hundred points, I guess." 
Joanna thought about it seriously and said with a smile, "Then I’ll give myself sixty points. I think my acting skills are passable. As for the rest, let’s leave it to the audience in front of the TV after the series starts." 
"Sixty points? Ms. Joanna is really quite modest." The reporter smiled and turned their gaze to Gary White sitting next to Joanna, "Director White, as the director of this TV series and the one who personally chose Ms. Joanna for the role of Female Lead 1, how many points would you give her acting skills?" 
Gary White turned his head to look at Joanna, took the microphone from her, and didn’t immediately answer the reporter’s question. Instead, he thought for a moment and said, "By now, I guess everyone knows about the relationship between Joanna and me.
###Chapter 93: What’s Your Problem?
"If I give her a score that’s too high, everyone might think I’m biased, but if I intentionally give her a score that’s too low, I feel it would be unfair to Joanna." 
"So, I’m answering this question from an ive standpoint. Setting aside the fact that Joanna is my sister, I would give her 80 points. As to whether or not I’m being ive, you can judge for yourselves after watching her performance in this TV series." 
"80 points? That’s a very high score. It seems Director White is very satisfied with Ms. Joanna’s performance in the TV series. Hearing this, we are now looking forward to the TV series even more. Next, I’d like to ask Kelvin Norman, as the Male Lead 1 in the TV series, you have the most opposing scenes with Ms. Joanna. How do you evaluate her performance?" 
Kelvin Norman looked at the reporter with an easy smile, obviously expecting the question and having thought of his answer in advance. 
He calmly said, "I remember that I have commented on her acting skills before. If we talk about it from a professional standpoint, Joanna is still a newcomer, and there are some areas where she is not quite there yet. However, these shortcomings are not major issues. She is very perceptive; as long as you point out where she needs to improve and how to do it, she does very well the next time." 
"Her only weakness is her lack of acting experience and her skills needing improvement. But her strengths are more than enough to compensate for her weaknesses, making people overlook them." 
The reporter immediately asked, "What are those strengths you mentioned?" 
"Talent, and charisma," Kelvin Norman said, glancing at Joanna Lawrence with admiration, "These are the most important qualities for an actor. With these two, one can go further and better in the entertainment industry." 
"Joanna’s problem now is just her lack of experience. I believe that once she has a few more roles under her belt, you’ll be amazed by her acting skills. If I were to give her a score, I’d also give her 80 points, like Director White. I’ll leave the remaining 20 points for her to develop in the future." 
The reporter nodded, "Kelvin’s evaluation is very heartfelt, and this score is quite high. I remember that you have given scores to other actresses you’ve worked with in the past, the highest being 70 points." 
Kelvin nodded, "That’s right." 
"Then Ms. Joanna’s score is the highest among them. This means you are very satisfied with this business partner." 
"Yes." 
"What about you, Ms. Joanna? How many points are you giving Kelvin?" 
Joanna Lawrence held the microphone and replied without much thought, "Mr. Kelvin gets a perfect score from me." 
"A perfect score?" 
"Yes, a perfect score." Joanna Lawrence looked at Kelvin Norman with adoring eyes, like a little fangirl, "I can’t find any flaws in Mr. Kelvin’s acting, so I give him a perfect score." 
The reporter laughed and said, "It seems that everyone has had a great collaboration this time. This makes us look forward to this TV series even more. My questions are over, thank you." 
After the female reporter finished, she handed the microphone to another male reporter. 
The male reporter stood up with the microphone. 
"Hello, everyone. I am Tomas Fawcett from XX Newspaper. Now, I’d like to ask a question on behalf of the netizens who are very curious about this. I am also very curious." 
On the stage, the host asked, "What’s your question?"
###Chapter94 Is this news for sure true?
"I would like to ask Director White, who actually sang the two songs released on the official blog of ’If You Can’t Love’? The show is about to air soon, can you satisfy our curiosity today?" 
"Since these two songs were released, they have become incredibly popular, and netizens have been guessing who the singer is. However, the official blog of ’If You Can’t Love’ has not provided any response. Is it intentional to reveal the identity of the singer only on the day the new series airs?" 
Gary White glanced at the reporter and hesitated for a while before responding: "You’re right. The reason I did not reveal who the singer was, is that I planned to expose the singer’s identity only once the new series airs."
"Why? Is there any reason for Director White to do this?" 
"Well, there are some reasons. I didn’t want to reveal the singer’s identity too early because I wanted to see how everyone would truly appraise it without knowing who the singer was. I’m sure the songs wouldn’t have done as well as they did if I had told you from the start." 
"However, it is indeed time to reveal who sang those two songs." Gary White cast his gaze over to Joanna Lawrence, "Those two songs were sung by Joanna." 
The questioning reporters were all shocked. 
The other reporters below the stage were also stunned. 
Even the host on stage was slightly surprised. 
They had all guessed who sang the songs, but no one got it right. 
"Director White, you said that Ms. Joanna sang those songs?" After a few seconds, the reporters recovered from their surprise. 
"Yes, those songs were sung by Joanna. When we were spotted at the airport, it was because I accompanied her to Frankfurt to record these two songs." Looking at the stunned faces in the crowd below the stage, Gary White smiled and continued to speak, "Initially, we weren’t fixed on having Joanna sing these songs. We went to Gerard North for a sound test. Gerard thought Joanna was a good match, so he let her sing both songs." 
"I am delighted that you all liked Joanna’s new songs. These two pieces function as scouting stones as she steps into the music industry. It seems that the results are quite good. If everyone likes these, Joanna will record more new songs to share with you all in the future." 
* 
As soon as news broke that Joanna was the original singer of the theme song and the insert song of "If You Can’t Love", the blog was as lively as a boiling pot. 
"Wow, no way. Those two divine songs were sung by Joanna?! Can we confirm this news is legit?" 
" I’ve gone through all the female singers in the music industry, but I never guessed it would be Joanna. Isn’t she an actress? How did she end up singing? That voice doesn’t sound like hers." 
"Those two songs were sung by Joanna? Are you kidding? Joanna’s singing is so good? Why does she still act? It would be great if she became a singer directly." 
"Wow, those two songs that swept all music charts were sung by our Joanna? As a fan of Joanna’s, I feel so proud and honored. I usually hear her soft and sweet voice, but I didn’t expect it to become so ethereal when singing." 
"I had guessed before that it might be Joanna singing the songs, and I can’t believe I guessed right! Our gorgeous Joanna is not only beautiful and talented in acting but also sings so well. Is this a rhythm of development in both the music and film industry?"
###Chapter 95 What does this girl want to do, is she trying to put herself down?
"I’m shocked that these two amazing songs were sung by Joanna Lawrence! Joanna’s singing is amazing. It’s no worse than a professional singer!" 
"I feel like Joanna might as well just try the music industry. If she were in the music business, she would definitely become more famous than in film shooting." 
"I don’t know if the TV series she’s starring in will become popular, but now with those two songs, she’s already pretty famous." 
# "If You Can’t Love" Singer Revealed #
# Joanna Lawrence Enters the Music Industry # 
Following Gary White’s reveal, Joanna Lawrence quickly became a hot search topic. 
Netizens were very surprised to learn that she was the one who sang those two songs. 
These two songs had already gained a lot of fans. Even though most people didn’t think Joanna would be the original singer, when they found out the truth, they praised her. 
"Not to mention anything else, Joanna’s singing is truly beautiful." 
"Just for her voice, I’ve decided to become a fan." 
However, there are also quite a few anti-fans who tried to stir up controversy in the comment section. 
"Joanna Lawrence can sing such beautiful songs? I’m afraid her voice had been modified at least a hundred times to sound like that." 
"Haha, auto-tune is a great thing, you deserve to have it. I can only say that audio engineer must cost tens of millions dollars. Even if the voice is like a duck, it can be modified to sound pleasing." 
"Unless Joanna Lawrence sings a cappella for us to hear. Otherwise, I don’t believe that the voice we hear in the songs is actually hers." 
"That’s right. If she could sing a cappella, we would believe those two songs were really sung by her. Otherwise, it’s just post-production editing in the recording studio. I have a friend who works in music who told me that Joanna’s voice was edited and isn’t her real one." 
It must be said that the anti-fans’ attempt to stir up controversy has been quite successful. 
Suddenly, many people in the comment section started doubting whether Joanna’s voice was really hers or edited in post-production. 
Most of the comments were pretty similar. 
They mainly just felt that Joanna’s singing was too good to believe. They thought it was impossible for her voice to sound that great without auto-tune or post-production editing. 
* 
At the live event press conference. 
Since the press conference was broadcast live, the audience could see the comments left by netizens. 
The host saw some of these comments and specially picked one to display on the big screen. 
The comment that the host chose questioned whether Joanna’s voice was edited. 
Since it was on the big screen, Joanna could see it too. 
"Ms. Joanna, now the netizens know that you sang those two songs. However, there are still some people who doubt the authenticity of your voice, believing it was edited in post-production. How do you feel about that?" 
"What is your response, Ms. Joanna?" 
Joanna looked at the comment on the big screen, her expression calm as she answered, "When singers record songs, their voices will be polished in post-production regardless of how well they sing. So, I won’t deny that my voice has been edited." 
Gary White frowned and turned to look at her, seeming puzzled. 
Was she trying to put herself in a bad light? 
The host who asked the question was also taken aback, probably because he didn’t expect Joanna to admit it so directly. 
Even though editing voices in post-production is normal, not many people would openly admit that their voice had been edited.
###Chapter 96 You’ve Already Become Popular
Joanna Lawrence gave Gary White a "be patient" look, then turned her head and smiled at the host, saying, "But I can be sure that I didn’t use a sound card, and the post-production sound editing is not what everyone thinks. If everyone needs me to sing a cappella to prove my voice, I can do it right now." 
It was obvious that those who said she used a sound card and post-production sound editing were just anti-fans trying to stir up trouble. 
Joanna was not going to give those anti-fans the opportunity to continue to discredit her. 
Now, during the live broadcast, was an excellent opportunity to make a clarification. 
Joanna wouldn’t miss it. 
When she volunteered to sing a cappella, the host was taken aback, "Can Miss Joanna do so?" 
"Of course," Joanna nodded. 
"Well then, Miss Joanna, please go ahead and pick a segment from one of your two songs. What do you think?" 
"No problem," Joanna happily agreed. 
She lowered her eyes and pondered for a few seconds, then cleared her throat with a light cough, and began to sing the climactic part of the new TV series’ theme song a cappella. 
An a cappella performance without any accompaniment is the best way to showcase a singer’s true talent. 
The moment Joanna started singing, the whole audience went silent. 
As for the viewers outside the livestream, they too seemed to be holding their breath as they waited for Joanna to finish her a cappella performance. 
When Joanna’s voice rang out, without accompaniment, it sounded even more pure, clear, and ethereal. 
At that moment, the viewers watching the livestream felt their hearts suddenly quiet down. 
The soothing melody was like a gentle breeze caressing their hearts. 
Her captivating voice seemed to possess a magical power that could transport listeners to a world of tranquility. 
Joanna only sang a short a cappella passage. 
When she finished singing, the comments in the live broadcast room exploded. 
"6666, I give this a cappella performance a 100. It’s just too damn good." 
"Mom, I got goosebumps listening. It was really amazing. Whoever said that her voice was edited, come forward, do you still have anything to say?" 
"No wonder she voluntarily suggested an a cappella performance to prove her ability. Her voice is exactly the same as the one in the recorded song. No one should say she used a sound card now." 
"Is that it? I haven’t had enough, boo hoo." 
"I’m in love with this voice, my ears are about to get pregnant." 
Joanna sang a cappella during the livestream, responding in this way to those who said her voice was heavily edited. 
It was an effective move. 
After she proved her skill in the livestream, nobody in the comment section mentioned using sound cards again. 
Moreover, her a cappella performance even gained her many new fans. 
* 
After the show finished. 
Joanna didn’t get her cell phone until she had finished shooting the next segment. 
When Linda handed it to her, she said, "The video of you singing a cappella got recorded and went viral on Blog, do you know how many fans you’ve got from it?" 
Joanna shook her head. 
She didn’t know. 
She hadn’t had time to check the Blog. 
"One million," even Linda couldn’t help exclaiming, "In just one hour, you gained one million fans. The top three on the hot search list are all about you. Joanna, you’re already famous. I think transitioning into the music industry is much easier than relying on your old craft." 
"Have you ever thought about mainly pursuing a career in the music industry?"
###Chapter97: Show Invitation? What Invitation?
"Have you ever considered focusing on the music industry?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked up at Linda, noticing that she wasn’t joking. 
Instead, she was very serious. 
Her: "..." 
"Linda, are you serious?" 
"Of course I’m serious. When we signed the agency contract, I didn’t say that you would only develop in the film and television industry. Your two songs are so popular now, many professional singers have been outperformed by you. You have no idea how many TV program invitations I’ve received." 
"Program invitations? What invitations?" 
"In a while, all the major TV stations will be holding their New Year’s Galas. None of them had invited you, but now that it’s been revealed that you sang those two songs, you’ve become a hot commodity for these New Year’s Eve events. I have already received invitations from five TV stations, including two of the top-rated ones. Those two channels host New Year’s Galas that many top-tier artists compete for." 
"And now, they’re the ones inviting you. That’s quite different." 
Linda never expected that 
Joanna Lawrence, originally an actress, would become famous through singing first. 
But no matter how she became famous, as her agent, Linda was quite happy for Joanna. 
Joanna Lawrence was her client. 
As her client became famous, Linda the agent would also benefit. 
"By the way, I will reply to the two top-rated TV stations tomorrow with your decision. Both of their New Year’s Eve Galas are very good, you can choose which one you prefer, my recommendation is Apple TV. The other one is Euroia TV." 
Joanna was aware of these two TV stations and had some understanding of them. 
Indeed, they were two of the top-rated TV stations. 
It was indeed difficult to perform at their New Year’s Eve Galas. 
There are few spots and many competitors. 
Those who get to perform are mostly top-tier artists. 
Joanna Lawrence has become popular thanks to her previous variety show and the two songs she sang. 
But she hasn’t reached that top-tier level yet. 
Getting invited by these two TV stations wasn’t an easy thing to achieve. 
So, when such a great opportunity comes, Joanna couldn’t possibly refuse. 
After considering, she said, "Let’s go with Apple TV." 
She had previously recorded a variety show for Apple TV, and her new TV series would also be broadcast on Apple TV. After some thought, Joanna felt that choosing Apple TV would be better, considering they had collaborated before. 
Linda nodded, "Yeah, I also think Apple TV would be a better choice. So this matter is settled. I’ll give the staff at Apple TV a call later. By the way, Joanna, you haven’t answered my previous question: do you want to focus on developing in the music industry?" 
With Joanna’s voice, and now her two songs being so popular, Linda was sure that if she was willing to focus on the music industry, she could be very successful. 
Faster than becoming famous in film. 
Linda thought she could become famous in the music industry first and then enter the film and television industry. 
In this way, she wouldn’t neglect any aspect of acting and singing. 
Joanna didn’t think much, and immediately shook her head and refused: "Linda, I still want to focus on film acting. As for singing, I think recording a few songs in my spare time is enough." 
"Alright, it seems that you really love acting in film and television."
###Chapter 98 And Joanna Lawrence, she is just that kind of person.
Linda didn’t try to persuade her any further, "As for singing, let’s wait until there’s another opportunity in the future. For now, you should take a good rest. Next month, ’Phoenix Flying’ will start shooting, so you should prepare for it in advance." 
Linda couldn’t treat Joanna like how she treated other artists under her care, or restrict her as much. 
Everything had to be based on Joanna’s wishes. 
Moreover, Joanna found many of her own resources. Linda even thought that her role as an agent was like an empty title. 
The daughter of the White family, and the young lady of the Heath family, what kind of resources couldn’t she get? 
Not to mention, Joanna herself is very capable. 
Whether it’s her appearances, acting skills, or even singing, she’s beyond criticism. 
With good resources, it would be hard for someone like her not to become popular. 
So, there was no need for Linda to worry about Joanna’s matters too much. 
"Joanna, I never expected that those two songs were sung by you. Not only are you talented in acting, but I think you’re also gifted in singing. Keep developing, and I have high hopes for your future. I hope you’ll be nominated for the Best New Artist at the Golden Globe Awards." 
Kelvin Norman’s voice came from behind. 
When Joanna turned around, Kelvin had just walked up to her. 
In his eyes, there was the appreciation of a senior for the younger generations. He sighed with a smile and said, "The waves behind drive those before, and new generations surpass the old. Your generation of young people is getting more and more incredible." 
Joanna: "..." 
She looked at Kelvin’s young and handsome face, smiling and said, "Mr. Norman, you’re only a few years older than me. We belong to the same generation. Speaking of being incredible, of course, it’s you." 
Kelvin shook his head: "At your age, I didn’t have the achievements you have now. Regarding talent, I don’t have the talent you have. Joanna, we’re different; your future achievements will definitely be better than mine." 
"I work hard after I gain the skills, but you have natural talent. If used well, natural talent will always be more effective than acquired skills." 
Kelvin was not being modest. 
Although he has won several Best Actor Awards, he knew very well that there was still a gap between him and those actors who were naturally talented in acting. 
What he relied on was all his acquired efforts. 
Anyone who is talented in acting and works as hard as him would definitely surpass his achievements. 
And Joanna was such a person. 
Joanna was talented, diligent, willing to learn, and now she must not lack good resources. 
Her skyrocketing success was just around the corner. 
Kelvin had a feeling that once the TV series "If You Can’t Love" was aired, Joanna had a high chance of becoming famous overnight with this show. 
She might even win some honorary awards based on this TV series. 
Because Joanna’s performance was just too good. 
Once the TV series was aired, no one would ever question her acting skills again. 
Feeling proud to have such an outstanding junior in the same industry, although Kelvin felt some pressure, he was mostly relieved. 
The entertainment industry needed fresh blood. 
And it needed someone as outstanding as Joanna. 
Kelvin was even grateful that Joanna truly loved the profession of film shooting. 
Otherwise, with her conditions, she wouldn’t need to bother with the entertainment industry. 
He was also glad that Joanna wasn’t just playing around in the industry.
###Chapter99: Is President Ashton Coming to Pick You Up?
Otherwise, it would be a waste of her talent. 
"Even our Master Norman has said so. Joanna, it seems that you might really be nominated for the Golden Globe Awards this time. Let me say this in advance, if you win, you must treat us to a feast." Linda, as Joanna’s agent, felt very proud when her own artist was complimented like this. 
Her initial judgment was definitely correct. 
Joanna’s overall conditions were indeed suitable for the entertainment industry. 
Had it not been for Annie suppressing her in secret for these two years, she could’ve climbed to at least mid-level stardom. 
Luckily, it’s not too late now. 
There’s still enough time for everything. 
And now, no one dares to suppress her anymore. 
In the future, her star will only shine brighter and brighter. 
"That’s right, Joanna, I have great confidence in you. If you win an award, make sure you treat me to a feast. Knowing that the meal is being provided by the daughter of the White family, I will definitely pick a good place to get a proper meal off of you." 
Joking with her like this made Joanna feel a little embarrassed. 
She pursed her lips. 
With her thin face blushing, she said, "Mr. Norman, it’s not that easy to win an award." 
"Indeed, it isn’t easy. However, you have the chance to compete." Kelvin Norman did not hesitate to praise the younger generations he appreciated. "I think your performance qualifies you to compete for those awards." 
"Mr. Norman, if you continue to praise me like this, I’ll become arrogant." Joanna then touched her hot cheek. "I haven’t thought about winning awards. I only want to do one thing, and that’s acting well." 
"It’s right for you to think like this," Kelvin Norman added another layer of admiration for her. "Only when you have performed well and won the recognition of the audience, every award you win in the future will make people truly accept you. If not, even if you won the award, others won’t accept it." 
"Yes, I understand!" 
"I have another appointment soon, so I have to leave first. We’ll contact each other on Twitter if anything comes up." 
"Sure, take care Mr. Norman." 
After chatting with Joanna, Kelvin Norman said his goodbyes and left. 
Joanna then also headed outside, following Linda. 
Just as she stepped out of the broadcast building of the TV station, Ashton Heath called her. 
Seeing his name, Joanna immediately picked up the call. 
"Are you done with your work there?" A deep, magnetic voice came from the phone. 
"Yes, it’s finished now." 
"Then come straight to the main entrance of Apple TV. I’m waiting outside for you." 
"You’re at Apple TV?" Joanna was a bit surprised. 
"Yes, I just got here." 
"Aren’t you supposed to be at work?" 
"Yes, I just had a meeting nearby. Since it just finished and I’m not far from you, I thought I’d come over." 
"Okay, I’ll come find you right away." After hanging up, Joanna turned to Linda and said, "Linda, I won’t be taking your car. Someone’s coming to pick me up." 
Linda smiled and said, "President Ashton?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded a bit shyly. 
She didn’t even know what she was being shy about. 
It was just that Linda’s teasing gaze always made her feel a bit self-conscious. 
"Ah," Linda sighed enviously, "President Ashton really treats you well. Your marriage doesn’t look any different from a romantic courtship." 
After expressing her envy, she patted Joanna on the shoulder. "Alright, go find President Ashton. Don’t keep him waiting."
###Chapter 100: She finds him more and more charming
"Linda, I’ll be going first." 
* 
Ashton Heath’s car was parked outside the Apple TV Building. 
He was driving his silver-gray Lamborghini. 
As Joanna walked over, the car door opened, and a man in a suit stepped out. 
After getting out of the car, the man strode toward her with long strides. 
Standing there, Joanna watched Ashton approach step by step, her heart pounding uncontrollably. 
The man was dressed in a black suit and coat, with black leather shoes. He exuded a strong sense of restraint. 
That handsome face that could make people momentarily lose their senses was truly too good-looking. 
The first time she saw him, Joanna wondered how there could be a man who looked so stunning. 
So good-looking that it felt unreal. 
At that time, she secretly thought to herself that any woman who was loved by a man like Ashton would probably be defenseless against him. 
She never thought that the lucky woman would be herself. 
Even though they’ve been together for quite a while now. 
Many times when she looked at him, her heart would still flutter. 
She would still feel obsessive. 
Her vanity would also be greatly satisfied. 
She knew he was perfect, this man that every woman wanted– belonged to her. 
And in his heart and eyes, there was only her. 
People say that post-marriage, the affection between husband and wife would fade, and even the most perfect partner would lose their charm and attraction in the other’s eyes over time. 
Even if it’s a heavenly beauty or a reincarnated legend, you’d grow numb to their looks after a while. 
Even touching each other’s bodies would feel like touching one’s own. 
But Joanna believed she was an exception. 
Because to her, Ashton’s attraction not only didn’t lessen; she thought he became more and more charming. 
She didn’t know if other people would feel the same way. 
Frequently obsessing over her husband like she did. 
Anyway, she just thought Ashton was becoming more and more handsome, and she loved him more and more. 
So, without worrying about whether others would see, Joanna opened her arms and threw herself into Ashton’s embrace. 
Ashton also opened his arms, hugging her tightly. 
Naturally, he enjoyed the few instances when his little wife would actively throw herself into his arms. 
Holding the soft girl in his arms, he let out a low, pleased laugh in his throat, "Has everything gone smoothly?" 
"Mhm." Joanna nodded, "Very smoothly." 
"Shall we go to my company first?" Ashton stroked her head and walked with her towards the Lamborghini, "I have some things to settle, it’ll take about an hour. Then, we’ll have lunch together. Grandma just called to tell us to go home for dinner tonight." 
"It’s Brandon’s birthday today." 
"Today’s Brandon’s birthday?" Joanna paused, then realized that today was indeed Brandon Heath’s birthday. 
She had already been told by Aria Rowlett, but she hadn’t paid much attention to it. 
"Yes." Ashton opened the car door, "That’s why Grandma wants us to go home. Whenever there is a birthday in the family, everyone gathers for a meal together." 
"But I haven’t prepared a birthday gift for Brandon!" 
"You don’t need to. I’ll prepare it." 
"Is that alright?" 
"Of course. We’re husband and wife, one gift is enough."
###Chapter 101She now has no regrets at all.
* 
Later on, Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath returned to Heath Villa together. 
When they arrived, Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett were already there. 
Madam Heath was chatting with Aria Rowlett, holding her hand. When Tedd entered the living room to announce that Joanna and Ashton Heath had arrived, Madam Heath looked up at them, and greeted them with a radiant smile, "You are back. Was there a traffic jam on the way?" 
"Not really," Ashton said as he led Joanna over. He glanced at Brandon standing next to Aria. "Brandon, you got back quite early today. Even earlier than us." 
Brandon nodded, "There was nothing much to do, so I came back early." 
Upon seeing Joanna, Brandon nodded to her, calling her, "Joanna." 
"Brandon, today is your birthday, happy birthday." Joanna took out a gift that Ashton had prepared earlier. "This is a small gift from Ashton and me, we hope you will like it." 
It was a set of porcelain. 
Antique porcelain. 
Ashton had bought it from abroad and had it air freighted here. According to Ashton, Brandon didn’t have much interest in luxury cars or houses, but he loved studying antiques. 
So, Ashton had bought him an antique coffee set in advance. 
Joanna felt relieved that Ashton was the one who had chosen the gift. 
If she were to give a gift, she would probably think of giving a belt, watch, or something like a tie. // 
Joanna knew nothing about antiques. // 
"Thank you, Joanna." Brandon took the gift from her. 
"Grandma," Joanna sweetly called out Madam Heath. 
Madam Heath smiled and nodded, signaling for her to come. "Come here, girl." 
Joanna let go of Ashton’s hand and walked over to Madam Heath. 
Madam Heath reached out her hand and held Joanna’s, one hand holding Joanna’s and the other holding Aria’s. 
Looking at her two daughters-in-law who were as beautiful as flowers, Madam Heath felt incredibly content. 
Especially since Aria was currently pregnant. 
Thinking of her future great-grandchild filled Madam Heath with deep satisfaction. 
Right now, she had no regrets at all. 
Both of her grandsons had started their own families, and very soon, her great-grandchild would be born. 
In the past, the lifelong happiness of her two precious grandsons weighed heavily on her heart. 
The thought of her excellent grandsons being all alone without a woman by their side, not knowing if they would get married or not caused her so much distress. 
Among her grandsons, Madam Heath was most worried about Ashton. 
Although Brandon was also a mature unmarried man, he was at least normal and didn’t repel women. 
He could potentially get married and have children if he found someone he liked. 
But Ashton’s condition... 
A physiological rejection of women? 
How was he supposed to find a woman he would like if he rejected women? 
Madam Heath worried so much over this matter, she had so many doctors examine him, but none could cure his condition. 
The worry left Madam Heath with sleepless nights. 
Back then, Madam Heath decided that as long as Ashton found a woman he liked, regardless of her background, she would accept her. 
That’s why, when Ashton brought Joanna home, Madam Heath immediately accepted her. 
Because Joanna, as a granddaughter-in-law, was even better than what she could have imagined. 
Except for her family background, Madam Heath was satisfied with every other aspect of Joanna. 
Even if Ashton had brought home an ordinary-looking girl, Madam Heath would have accepted her. //
###Chapter102: When do you think is the right time?
Besides, Joanna Lawrence’s appearance was far from ordinary. 
Now that the two matters that were most on Madam Heath’s mind had been resolved, what could she possibly worry about? 
Next, she was looking forward to having a great-grandchild. 
At Madam Heath’s age, nothing could bring her more pleasure than enjoying family happiness. 
"Joanna, I was just talking to Aria about you. In a few months, the baby in Aria’s belly will be born. When do you plan to give your little nephew a brother or sister?" 
Madam Heath still hoped that Joanna could give birth to a great-grandchild sooner rather than later. 
Madam Heath was still old-fashioned in her thinking. 
Although she wouldn’t stop Joanna from developing her career in the entertainment industry, she still believed that a girl should prioritize family over everything else. 
Joanna was stunned by the question. 
She hesitated for a few seconds, unsure of what to say, when Ashton Heath came over and embraced her. He answered the question for her: "Grandma, why are you bringing this up again? Didn’t we tell you earlier? When it comes to having a baby, Joanna and I decided to go with the flow." 
"And besides, don’t you already have a great-grandchild on the way? Isn’t that enough for you?" 
Joanna cast Ashton a grateful glance. 
She really didn’t know how to answer Madam Heath’s question. 
Thankfully, Ashton stepped in. 
Madam Heath furrowed her brows: "Go with the flow? What do you mean? There should be a plan, right?" 
Ashton curved his lips, and replied calmly: "Going with the flow means not having a plan. If it happens, we’ll accept it; if not, there’s no rush." 
"But..." Madam Heath wanted to say something else. 
"Grandma, back when Brandon and I weren’t married, you urged us every day to find a partner. Now that we’re married, you’re urging us every day to have children. If we have a child, what’s next?" 
"I..." 
"Grandma, you should be enjoying yourself at this stage of your life. You shouldn’t worry about so many things. If I were you, I’d just live my days happily without worrying about anything." 
Without waiting for Madam Heath to respond, Ashton continued: "If you really want to know about our plans for children, Joanna and I have indeed decided not to have a child right now." 
Joanna looked up in surprise: "Ashton..." 
Ashton squeezed her palm, signaling her not to worry. 
Madam Heath also looked at him frowningly. 
"Joanna is still young, and I am not that old either. We both want to enjoy our freedom and our world as a twosome for a few more years. As for children, when the time is right, we’ll have them naturally." 
"So when do you think is the right time?" Madam Heath stared at him. 
Ashton smiled: "Why are you in such a hurry, Grandma? It’s not like I have fertility issues that prevent your granddaughter-in-law from getting pregnant. Don’t worry, Joanna and I will definitely give you great-grandchildren to hold one day." 
"Grandma, Ashton is right. Aria is about to give you a great-grandchild. Let Ashton and Joanna enjoy their life as a twosome for a few more years. Because once they have a baby, going back to their two-person world won’t be easy." Brandon Heath also stood up and spoke up for his brother and sister-in-law. 
"Yeah, Grandma. Actually, the baby Aria and Brandon are expecting happened accidentally. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have planned to have a baby so early either."
###Chapter 103: Three Years to Develop Her Career, That’s Enough
Aria Rowlett, who knew how annoying it was to be urged for marriage and childbirth, also came forward to help her best friend. 
Madam Heath looked at them and sighed. 
"Well, never mind. I should have known earlier that you all have your own opinions, and my urging is useless. Just do as you please, I won’t interfere in these matters anymore." 
"Don’t worry, Grandma. In a few years, we will definitely give you another great-grandchild." Ashton Heath promised.
"Alright, remember your words." Madam Heath thought for a moment and said, "Then I’ll give you three years. How does that sound?" 
"Three years?" Ashton Heath turned his head and looked at Joanna Lawrence. 
He sought Joanna’s opinion with his eyes. 
He could have a baby anytime. 
But he knew that Joanna was currently focusing on her career, and if she got pregnant at this time, it would inevitably affect her career. 
So, even if he really wanted to have a baby with her sooner, he still prioritized her wishes. 
"Hmm, no problem." Joanna held his hand, smiling and said to Madam Heath, "Grandma, within three years, Ashton and I will definitely give you a great-grandchild." 
For Joanna. 
Three years was enough time to develop her career. 
She couldn’t always let Ashton Heath accommodate her and indulge her. 
She also needed to consider his point of view. 
Since Madam Heath hoped that she and Ashton Heath could have a baby sooner, she would also consider this aspect. 
"Okay, this is what you both said." Madam Heath’s face broke into a smile again, "I’ll be waiting." 
"By the way, where’s Mom and Dad?" Ashton Heath looked around but didn’t see Lady Octavia and Darren Heath. 
"Oh, your dad went shopping with your mom, they should be back soon." said Madam Heath. 
As soon as Madam Heath’s words fell, a maid came over: "Madam, Sir Darren and Lady Octavia are back." 
Entering the hall first were several maids carrying shopping bags. 
Then, Lady Octavia, holding Darren Heath’s hand, walked in. 
The maids held a ton of bags, all of which Lady Octavia had bought. 
Lady Octavia’s complexion looked very good, with a faint rosy glow on her face, smiling from the corner of her eyes, and leaning her head to talk to Darren Heath about something. 
Darren Heath was also listening to his wife gently. 
The couple looked very affectionate. 
Joanna had heard from Ashton that Darren Heath and Lady Octavia had a very good relationship. 
Darren Heath also had a deep affection for Lady Octavia. 
Just by looking at Darren Heath’s gaze at Lady Octavia, one could tell that he indeed loved and spoiled her. 
Lady Octavia, in front of him, was also very demure. 
It was completely different from her usual self. 
Lady Octavia was talking and laughing with Darren Heath, looking in a very good mood, but when she turned her head and saw Joanna and Aria Rowlett standing beside Madam Heath, the smile on her face disappeared like the receding tide. 
However, Darren Heath still maintained a friendly demeanor, he saw Aria Rowlett and Joanna, and as a father-in-law, he took the initiative to greet his two daughters-in-law: "Joanna, Aria, when did you get back?" 
"Joanna and I just got here. Brandon and my sister-in-law arrived a little earlier than us." Ashton noticed the subtle change in Lady Octavia’s expression and asked indifferently, "Grandma just said you went shopping with Mom? What did you buy?" 
"I didn’t buy anything, just accompanied your mom while she shopped."
###Chapter 104: Not Really Caring About Her
Darren Heath hugged Lady Octavia and walked over, "It’s been a long time since our home has been so lively. Today, our family can finally gather and have a good time. Your mom also bought some baby clothes today, saying it’s to prepare for her grandchild." 
As Darren spoke, his eyes fell on Aria Rowlett with concern for the younger generation, "Aria, Brandon told me that you went for a prenatal checkup a few days ago. Did everything turn out to be normal?" 
Aria met Darren’s concerned gaze and smiled, nodding, "Yes, the baby is fine. Thank you for caring, dad." 
She didn’t like Lady Octavia. 
But she had no complaints about her father-in-law. 
In fact, Aria had a good impression of Darren Heath. 
Because Darren, like Madam Heath, was willing to accept her from the bottom of his heart. They didn’t despise her for not having a good enough background, and even more so, they didn’t persuade her to break up with Brandon because of it. 
"That’s good to hear. Brandon, Aria is now carrying the Heath family’s bloodline. You must take good care of her." 
"Dad, I will," Brandon nodded. 
"Yes, Brandon. You must take good care of Aria," Lady Octavia also showed a very caring appearance, her voice soft, "What she carries in her womb is not only your child but also the bloodline of our Heath family." 
"Mom, Aria is my wife, and she’s carrying my child. Of course, I will take good care of her." 
Aria could feel that Lady Octavia was not genuinely concerned about her. 
Because the concern that Lady Octavia showed was different from that of Madam Heath and the others. 
Moreover, when Lady Octavia looked at her, there was still disgust in her eyes. 
Even though she tried to hide it deliberately, one’s disdain for another person could never be completely concealed, no matter how hard one tried. 
Lady Octavia didn’t like her. 
Neither in the past nor now. 
Aria could only interpret Lady Octavia’s concern as her concern for the Heath family’s bloodline. 
After all, the child in her womb belonged to the Heath family. 
So even if Lady Octavia didn’t like her, she still had to take care of the baby in her womb to some extent. 
At this moment, the maid came over to report, "Madam Heath, Mr. Jeremy has arrived." 
Jeremy Heath was the former Jeremy Lawrence. 
Jeremy Lawrence was now called Jeremy Heath. 
Seeing Joanna Lawrence and Aria, Lady Octavia was already in a bad mood. 
Upon hearing that Jeremy had arrived, she felt even more suffocated. 
She didn’t like Joanna, so naturally, she didn’t like Jeremy either. 
Especially since Jeremy was an illegitimate son. 
Even though he had the Heath family’s bloodline, Lady Octavia still couldn’t stand him. 
She had a good relationship with Lady Delilah, so it was certain that they shared similar views on this matter. 
Soon, the slender figure of the young man appeared before their eyes. 
As the exquisite-looking youth walked into the hall, the maids couldn’t help but cast sidelong glances. 
Jeremy Heath had a different style compared to Brandon Heath and Ashton Heath. 
He was young, just eighteen years old, with the obvious youthfulness still evident. 
Compared to his two more mature cousins, Jeremy’s appearance was more popular among younger girls. 
With a beautiful face like something out of a manga, it seemed unreal at first glance. 
This was the kind of boy that every teenage girl would have a crush on. 
Jeremy’s appearance was more like his mother’s, so his features were especially delicate, but it only made him look peerlessly handsome, not at all effeminate.
###Chapter105: So much better than them, they have no idea
The maids were all quite young. 
Upon seeing such a beautiful boy like Jeremy Lawrence, they couldn’t help but feel attracted. 
They would secretly marvel, wondering what kind of beauty Jeremy’s birth mother was to give birth to someone so handsome. 
"Has Jeremy arrived?" Madam Heath was helped to sit up and craned her neck to look at Jeremy. 
Although Madam Heath was very fond of Joanna Lawrence and Aria Rowlett, 
she loved Jeremy even more. 
After all, Jeremy was a blood descendant of the Heath family and her own grandson. 
Considering the hardships Jeremy had experienced all these years, Madam Heath loved him even more and treated him even better. 
When Jeremy saw Madam Heath sitting up, he hurried to her side. 
He gently held her hand: "Grandma." 
"Why do you look thinner again? Haven’t you been eating well? Your face has become smaller." Madam Heath said with an expression of heartache. 
Jeremy chuckled: "Grandma, every time you see me, you say I’ve lost weight. It’s just your imagination. I’m still the same as before and haven’t lost any weight." 
"How can it be just my imagination!" Madam Heath insisted, "You have indeed lost weight. I wouldn’t mistake that. Your face wasn’t so small last time. I don’t know how Damien took care of you, even with such good conditions at home, you have become thinner." 
"Grandma, Jeremy really hasn’t lost weight. He’s always been this way. However, he doesn’t seem as energetic as before. Maybe it’s because the pressure from the College Entrance Examination was too much and he hasn’t been resting well recently?" Ashton Heath said. 
"That’s right, Jeremy, is it because of the College Entrance Examination that you are under too much pressure?" Madam Heath reached out and touched his face, "But now it’s over, and you can take good care of your body at home." 
"Right." Madam Heath turned her head and looked at the others with pride, "Do you know how many points Jeremy scored in this College Entrance Examination? Let me tell you, he was the top scoring student in science in Closia. No wonder he is a child of our Heath family, he is so intelligent. I remember Ashton and Brandon had excellent scores in their college entrance exams too." 
Madam Heath was incredibly satisfied with her grandson Jeremy. 
Intelligent, well-behaved, sensible, and filial. 
Although he didn’t grow up in the Heath family, he didn’t exhibit any pettiness in his upbringing. 
Whether in terms of manners or dealing with people, he was not inferior to those young masters who had been pampered since childhood. 
Even among his peers, Madam Heath felt that her little grandson was far superior to others. 
Rather, he was much better than others. 
Her grandson was the top-scoring student in this session of the College Entrance Examination. 
Just by this, Madam Heath felt that she could brag about it to her girlfriends for a lifetime. 
Were there any other top-scoring students in those families? 
Were there? 
"Jeremy, you did so well this time, I must reward you handsomely." 
"Grandma, I don’t need any rewards. It’s not that big of a deal." 
"Who says it’s not a big deal? It is very amazing. Not every family can have a top-scoring student. If this were ancient times, this would be a glorious event, a very amazing thing. In ancient times, the top-scoring scholars would parade through the streets, wearing a prominent red flower and riding a stallion, receiving congratulations from everyone." 
"Those who deserve rewards should be rewarded. This time, not only will I reward you, but all the elders in the family should reward you." Madam Heath finished, looking towards Lady Octavia and Darren Heath, "Your Uncle Darren and Aunt Octavia have also prepared rewards for you."
###Chapter 106: Lady Octavia Was Not Okay
"Indeed, he deserves the reward." Darren Heath also admired the younger Jeremy Lawrence, nodding his head, "College Entrance Examination champion, truly outstanding." 
Lady Octavia’s face didn’t look too good. 
She never liked Jeremy Lawrence that much in the first place. 
Seeing Madam Heath showering praises on Jeremy, it made her feel even more uncomfortable. 
He was just the champion of the College Entrance Examination; what’s so great about that? 
Her own two sons were even better. 
Besides reading, what else could Jeremy do? 
He was just a bookworm, after all. 
Plus, with his sickly appearance, he looked like a girl. 
She didn’t know why Madam Heath liked him so much. 
"It’s true that being the College Entrance Examination champion is impressive, but it’s not that extraordinary. Every year there are champions of the College Entrance Examination. He’s just a champion from one region, not the person with the highest score in the entire nation. If he had the highest score in the entire nation, that would be truly remarkable." 
"Back then, my sons Brandon and Ashton got the highest scores in the nation." Lady Octavia couldn’t help but reveal her true thoughts. 
"Octavia, what are you talking about?" Darren furrowed his brow, "No matter where the champion is from, it’s remarkable. This is something worth celebrating. Why are you saying these disheartening things?" 
"That’s just the truth." Lady Octavia huffed, unconvinced, "There are so many College Entrance Examination champions in the country. Not to mention, Closia University is filled with them. A regional champion isn’t that impressive." 
Madam Heath frowned, too. 
"Mom, if my analysis is correct, Jeremy’s score is the highest in the country." Ashton Heath calmly said, "Closia is the capital of Australand, and it gathers the best educational resources in the nation. Every year, the person with the highest score in the national College Entrance Examination comes from Closia." 
"Since Jeremy is the champion of Closia, he should be the champion of the entire nation." 
Lady Octavia’s face turned green when her own son refuted her. 
Right after her younger son had humiliated her, her elder son stood up: "Indeed, Ashton is correct. Every year, the person with the highest score in the country indeed comes from Closia." 
After being contradicted by her two sons, Lady Octavia was utterly embarrassed. 
Her face was completely green, but she stubbornly insisted, "That still doesn’t prove that the person with the highest score this year is in Closia. What if they are from some other place?" 
"It’s actually easy to check." Ashton Heath stood up for his cousin, pulling out his phone, "Since the scores have already been released, all we have to do is check, and we’ll know who has the highest score this year." 
Within a minute, Ashton Heath took his eyes off his phone and looked at Lady Octavia, "I’ve checked; it is indeed Jeremy." 
At this point, Lady Octavia’s face couldn’t be more unsightly.
This slap in the face was utterly humiliating for her. 
"The person with the highest score in the country is our Jeremy?" Madam Heath had only known that Jeremy was the College Entrance Examination champion of Closia, so she was pleasantly surprised by this news. 
"Yes, it’s Jeremy." Ashton Heath nodded his head. 
"Oh my, our Jeremy is truly remarkable." Madam Heath excitedly held Jeremy’s hand, "He’s truly worthy of being part of the Heath family bloodline, so smart." 
"Grandma, not only is Jeremy great at studying, but he’s also great at other things." Ashton Heath didn’t give Lady Octavia any face and praised Jeremy to Madam Heath,
###Chapter 107: Chapter 109 I, David Benington, am not someone who can’t afford to spend money!
Her attitude made David Benington frown even more. 
With a disappointed and pained expression, he stared at her and said in a deep voice, "Joanna, we are not enemies. Even though we have broken up, you don’t need to treat me like a mortal foe. I’ve said it before, even if we are no longer lovers, you can still come to me if you encounter any difficulties in the future." 
"As long as I can help, I will. Even if you hate me, you shouldn’t let yourself go like this." 
At his last sentence, Joanna Lawrence furrowed her brows. 
Her gaze grew colder, and she sneered at David’s disappointed eyes, "Me let myself go? Mr. David, who the hell are you? How well do you know me, labeling me as ’fallen’?" 
Her cold and aloof "Mr. David" made his face darken further. 
Rage flickered in his eyes, "Then tell me, why are you here? Who brought you here? And who is the owner of that Rolls-Royce you rode last time? Joanna, are you really this stubborn? Rather than ask for my help, you prefer to sell your body?" 
"Is it more difficult for you to ask for my help than to sleep with those disgusting old men?" 
"Slap!" 
Right after David finished speaking, his face was slapped, leaving five bright red finger marks on his fair and handsome face. 
He covered his face, his eyes full of astonishment. 
It seemed that he couldn’t believe that Joanna had actually hit him. 
Joanna had long given up on having any hope for David. 
In her heart, the David of the past was as good as dead. 
The one standing in front of her now was nothing but a stranger who had no connection to her. 
But she was still disgusted. 
So disgusted that she felt like vomiting up last night’s overnight meal. 
"David, you really disgust me to the core! How blind was I in the past to have agreed to be with you! Even feeding my feelings from those years to dogs would have been a hundred, a thousand times better than wasting them on you!" Joanna was so angry that her whole body trembled. 
This was the man who once said he would love her for life, never betray her, protect her no matter what happened, and never let her suffer the slightest injustice or harm. 
He didn’t fulfill any of the promises he made to her. 
The one who betrayed her was him. 
And the one who hurt her, making her suffer, was also him. 
Now she only wished she could turn back time. 
Otherwise, even if all the men in the world were dead, she would never be with such a scumbag! 
Having been slapped publicly, David was unable to maintain his dignity and his face darkened. 
With one hand on his cheek, the rage in his eyes nearly spewed out, and he glared maliciously, "You hit me because I guessed correctly? Joanna Lawrence, have you really stooped so low as to sell yourself for money? How much did that old man offer you, ten million dollars, twenty million dollars, or a hundred million dollars? Tell me, is it true that as long as the price is high enough, they can sleep with you?" 
"Tell me the price; I, David Benington, am no pauper either!" 
Joanna stared at him in disbelief. 
Was this the man she had known for a whole decade? 
Did ten years of affection result in such an insult? 
"Damn, David, you scumbag, how can you have the audacity to appear in front of Joanna? Don’t you feel shame on your face?" Unable to contain her rage, Aria Rowlett cursed at him, pointing at David’s nose, "You shameless bastard,"
###Chapter 108: Chapter 110 Aria Rowlett Must Apologize
"Cheating on your future sister-in-law, doing such disgusting and shameless things, not only are you not ashamed, but you’re also trying to deflect blame and smear Joanna! Are you so shameless that your mom knows about it?" 
"You said you have abalone and sea cucumber at home, yet you still can’t feel satisfied, and have to go eat feces in a thatched shack? Even if you’re going to cheat, can you choose someone with a higher standard, your choice is simply unbearable to look at." 
Aria Rowlett’s words were extremely coarse, railing against David Benington, whose face had already darkened to the extreme. 
He was so angry that his forehead veins burst out, grinding his teeth, "Aria Rowlett, I want you to apologize for those words just now." 
Aria snorted dismissively, "Why should I apologize? Isn’t what I said the truth?" 
David, furious, his eyes threatening, gritted his teeth and clenched, "Fine, if you don’t apologize, then don’t think about leaving here." 
After saying that, he took out his phone and made a call. 
Soon, several bodyguards approached. 
Seeing the situation, Aria got a little flustered. 
She took a step back, "David, what are you trying to do?" 
"Apologize." Although David was speaking to Aria, his gaze was on Joanna, "Apologize to me for your words." 
"Tsk, David, you’re really scum!" Aria gritted her teeth and cursed, "Don’t you dare admit to what you did? I’ve never seen a man as cowardly as you!" 
"Ignorant of death!" Hearing Aria’s cursing, David’s eyes darkened, raising his hand and striking towards her face. 
As the young master of the Benington family, he had been raised in luxury since he was a child, and no one had ever dared to curse him like this. 
This Aria, relying on being Joanna’s classmate, had become lawless. 
He would teach her a lesson today. 
"David, don’t you dare!" Joanna saw this and stepped forward to block Aria, her eyes coldly looking at David, and said word by word, "The prestigious young master of the Benington family, actually trying to hit a woman in public, you’re not even a little bit ashamed." 
Seeing Joanna obstructing, David’s gloomy eyes narrowed, "She was the one who started the disrespect first, if I don’t teach her a lesson today, she won’t know her place."
"How did she disrespect you?" 
Joanna’s eyes were full of mockery, "She just stated the facts. I told her about these things. If you think she should be taught a lesson, shouldn’t you be teaching me too?" 
David pursed his lips and withdrew his hand. 
His face was still very ugly, and his voice was cold, "Joanna, I won’t hit you. But Aria must apologize." 
"I won’t apologize to you." Aria clenched her fists, "Why should I apologize to a jerk like you?! Joanna has been with you for so many years, and not only did you betray her, but you’re also insulting her like this, David, you’re not even human! Just come at me with whatever you want to do, anyway, a scumbag like you has already had his personal ethics eaten by a dog. Cheating and hitting people are just trivial matters for you, aren’t they?" 
Aria’s voice was loud. 
The receptionists and some passing customers heard it. 
When they heard the word "cheating," they all cast curious glances at David. 
Some people whispered, "Isn’t that Mr. Brandon of the Benington family? Is what the girl said true, that he cheated?"
###Chapter 109: Chapter 111: Heartthrob, you arrived just in time
"I heard that the Benington family’s eldest son has a fiancee, and he brought her to the dinner party at the Parfitt family’s house last time. Yes, that’s right, it’s that pretty young lady over there." 
"Is it that young lady? She’s quite pretty and charming. If he has such a beautiful fiancee, why would he cheat?" 
"Well, men, you know. No matter how beautiful she is, a wild flower is always more attractive than a homegrown one."
"Even a rabbit doesn’t eat the grass around its burrow. If he wants to find a woman outside, he shouldn’t choose his future sister-in-law. That’s crossing the line." 
David Benington heard the whispers. 
His face grew darker and darker, his eyes filled with gloom, and his fists clenched, making a creaking sound: "Fine, since you won’t apologize. Don’t blame me for being rude." 
After he said this, he ordered the bodyguards to grab Aria Rowlett. 
"As long as I’m here, I won’t let you touch Aria!" Joanna Lawrence spread her arms and stood in front of Aria. 
David frowned, speaking coldly: "Joanna, I don’t want to hurt you. This has nothing to do with you, move." 
"Never!" Joanna clenched her teeth, "If you want to take Aria away, then take me as well." 
"Don’t force me, move aside!" David approached her with a serious face, reaching for Joanna. 
However, before his hand could touch Joanna, a cold and dangerous voice sounded from behind: "Mr. David, you’re really throwing your weight around. I just don’t know if you can bear the consequences after showing your power." 
That voice... 
Joanna suddenly looked up. 
As she saw the cold figure approaching her, her heartbeat accelerated. 
The closer he came, the faster her heart raced. 
"Wow, my heartthrob has arrived." Aria seemed even more excited and delighted than Joanna. She thought of him as her savior, and her eyes instantly lit up. 
Before the others could react, she jumped out from behind Joanna. 
Then... she ran towards Ashton Heath with a face filled with excitement. 
"Heartthrob, heartthrob, you just arrived in time. If you came an minute later, Aria and I would have been bullied by this scumbag. Your entrance was really cool, I give you a hundred points!" 
Looking at Aria who suddenly appeared in front of him, Ashton was taken aback for a moment. As she got closer to him, he instinctively stepped back. 
Even though she was Joanna’s good friend, he still instinctively repelled her approach. 
However, Aria didn’t mind his evasion. 
She pointed angrily at David: "Heartthrob, just in time. This shameless man wants to bully Aria and me. You must help us get back at him." 
Ashton Heath didn’t say anything as he walked towards Joanna, step by step. 
He stopped beside her. 
Looking down into her eyes, his voice was as cold as ever but with a gentleness reserved for her: "Were you bullied?" 
Joanna stared at him, dumbfounded. 
Her racing heart gradually steadied with his approach. 
It took her a few seconds to find her voice: "You... How did you get here so quickly?" 
It had been less than ten minutes since their call. 
Ashton Heath chuckled softly, gently tucking a strand of hair behind her ear: "Didn’t I say that I was near the banquet area? Besides, I’m naturally eager to see you. If it wasn’t for a few red lights on the way here, I would have arrived even earlier."
###Chapter 110: The 112th continuous breath made it difficult to bear.
Ashton Heath shifted his position, a subtle yet definitive movement that placed Joanna Lawrence firmly within his protective orbit. His hand rested on her waist with a natural, quiet authority. He glanced at David Benington—not with anger, but with a chillingly casual indifference.
“That is a question better directed at yourself,” Ashton stated, his voice a low resonance of cold steel. He looked down at Joanna, his expression softening only for her. “Who is this individual, Joanna? Was he the source of the distress I sensed?”
Joanna met David’s gaze, her eyes devoid of the warmth that had once sustained their relationship for years. Now, there was only a vast, silent expanse of clarity. “An irrelevant detail from the past,” she replied calmly. “There’s no need to burden yourself with the specifics.”
David’s composure fractured. The sight of Joanna—once his most steadfast supporter—standing beside a man who eclipsed him in every conceivable measure was a staggering blow to his ego. “Irrelevant? Joanna, I was your fiancé. Our history...”
“Mr. Benington, let me clarify the reality of our situation,” Joanna interrupted, her voice steady and clear. “Our engagement was dissolved the moment trust was broken. We have no legal or emotional connection. I would appreciate it if you maintained a professional distance and refrained from making claims that no longer exist.”
David felt a cold void opening in his chest. For years, he had taken her presence for granted, assuming her devotion was an unshakeable constant. He remembered the woman who had once rearranged her entire life to support his ambitions, believing her love would always be his safety net. Seeing her now—not as an old man’s dependent, as he had maliciously speculated, but as the partner of someone young, influential, and undeniably formidable—felt like a jagged edge against his pride.
“Who is he, Joanna?” David demanded, his voice rising in a desperate attempt to regain control. “Was this the owner of the luxury vehicle from last week? You’ve replaced years of history in less than seven days!”
He clung to the delusion that her current state was a performance—a calculated move to incite his jealousy. In his mind, the woman who had promised to marry only him couldn't possibly have moved on so completely unless she was still trapped by the memory of him.
“Your questions are as outdated as your sense of entitlement,” Aria Rowlett stepped forward, her voice sharp with a righteous indignation that cut through David’s posturing. With Ashton’s presence lending a silent weight to the scene, Aria felt no need to hold back.
“Do you honestly believe you are in a position to interrogate her?” Aria continued, her gaze fixed on David with undisguised disdain. “You forfeited your right to an explanation long ago. Joanna is a private citizen, and her life, her choices, and her companions are entirely outside your jurisdiction. The only 'history' here is the lesson you’ve failed to learn: that respect is earned, and once lost, it is rarely recovered.”
###Chapter 111: Chapter 113: Who Are You, Really?!
"Aria Rowlett, do you think you can act recklessly just because you’re a woman? Do you really think I wouldn’t dare to hit a woman?" Aria had been pointing at David’s nose and cursing him, causing his anger to flare up. His icy gaze fell on her like a razor-sharp knife. 
"Heh, you wouldn’t dare!" 
Aria was a classic bully showing off the power of Ashton Heath. She pointed at him and said, "My heartthrob is here. If you dare to touch me, I’m sure Ashton will have someone beat you up until you lose your teeth." 
For the sake of Joanna’s friendship, Ashton played along. 
He wrapped his arm around Joanna and said coldly, "Touch someone in front of me? Mr. David, does the Benington Group want to imitate the Hook Group and experience bankruptcy overnight?" 
Ashton’s casual remark caused David’s face to change in an instant. 
He stared in disbelief: "The Hook Group’s bankruptcy... was it you..." 
Ashton nonchalantly said, "The Hook Group lasted 18 hours before declaring bankruptcy. With the strength of the Benington family, I suppose you could last a few hours longer." 
David’s face turned even paler. 
Of course, he knew about the Hook Group’s overnight bankruptcy. 
It had caused quite a stir. 
A once-thriving listed company vanished overnight. 
It made others in the industry feel scared. 
Even the Benington family had secretly investigated the reason but found nothing. 
David never thought that the person who bankrupted the Hook Group overnight would be standing right in front of him. 
"Who on earth are you?!" David asked, shocked. 
Just imagining the immense financial power of someone who could manipulate Hook Group’s stock market overnight and cause the company to go bankrupt was beyond belief. 
Even the Benington family did not have such power. 
Who exactly was this man? 
If he was someone truly extraordinary, why did he look so unfamiliar? 
David thought he knew all the powerful figures in Closia. 
Ashton looked down at David like an ant beneath his feet, his eyes silent and disdainful: "You don’t need to know who I am. But you must be clear about one thing: Joanna is my woman, and any man who dares to covet her is courting death." 
"I don’t care what your relationship with her was in the past, but since you’ve separated, her future life has nothing to do with you. If I find out you’re harassing her, I’ll make the Benington family fall even faster than the Hook Group." 
With that, he withdrew his gaze and didn’t bother to look at David anymore. 
If it weren’t for the fact that David was Joanna’s ex-fiance, someone of his status wouldn’t even be qualified to talk to Ashton. 
The Benington family might be a noble family in the eyes of others. 
But in the eyes of the Heath family, they were just insignificant lackeys. 
"Baby, let’s go," 
Ashton wrapped his arm around Joanna and walked past David. 
David’s bodyguards wanted to stop them but just as they were about to act, they heard a flurry of footsteps approaching. 
A banquet hall manager led a group of security guards over, rushing hurriedly. 
"Who’s causing trouble here? Get them out immediately!" 
The manager saw David’s bodyguards and immediately said coldly, "You’ve got some nerve, causing trouble in the banquet hall. Don’t you know where this is? Get these people out of here now!" 
The security guards received the order and immediately went to oust the culprits. 
David had only brought four bodyguards with him.
###Chapter 112: Chapter 114: Who Made Him Less Impressive Than Others?
More than a dozen security personnel from Banquet Hall moved into action, and their security forces consisted of the best picked from professional security companies. In terms of physique or skill, they were much stronger than David Benington’s bodyguards. 
When the security personnel came up to expel them, David Benington turned green: "I’m the young master of the Benington Group, and a Platinum credit-card member of your Banquet Hall. These bodyguards are all with me; you’d better stand down now." 
To become a Platinum member of Banetwork Hall, one must spend tens of millions of dollars each year. 
This group of high-spending customers were highly valued by Banquet Hall. 
Previously, whenever David came to Banquet Hall, the staff here would always treat him courteously. 
But today...
Even after hearing him say that he was a Platinum member, the person in charge still showed no respect and coldly said: "Even if you were a Diamond member, as long as you dare to cause trouble in Banquet Hall, we’ll have to ask you to leave. Mr. David, do you want to leave on your own, or should we escort you out?" 
On normal days, Banquet Hall wouldn’t act this way. 
Those who frequented this place were all the wealthy and powerful individuals in Closia. 
Each imagining themselves as heaven’s prince, with a habit of looking down on others, clashes were naturally unavoidable sometimes. 
Usually, they turned a blind eye. 
But this time round, the person David offended was someone from the Heath family. 
Even their boss wouldn’t dare to offend the Heath family. 
They could only sacrifice David this time. 
After all, his status simply wasn’t as powerful as theirs. 
David hadn’t expected that Banquet Hall didn’t just want to expel his bodyguards, but also him. 
Furthermore, they even wanted to expel him right in front of Joanna and her friends. 
He had always been proud, and this was undoubtedly like a few hefty slaps to his face. 
His face became as dark as the base of a pot: "So this is how Banquet Hall treats its guests. Call out your boss, I want to ask him if this is the standard of Banquet Hall’s hospitality." 
"Heh," the person in charge smirked seeing David had dragged his boss into the mess, and said with a hint of mockery, "Our boss is very busy and won’t waste time on such trivial matters. As for here, I call the shots. Mr. David, I think it’s better for you to leave on your own, otherwise, it wouldn’t look good if you are driven out, would it?" 
Seeing their firm resolve to make him leave, David realized if he didn’t leave on his own, it might be even more embarrassing. 
Even as he seethed with rage, he had to swallow his resentment. 
Who the real boss behind Banquet Hall was, most people did not know. 
But everyone was very clear that it was someone they couldn’t afford to offend. 
"I’m going to alert the media reporters about Banquet Hall’s actions," David declared, his face pale with rage, before storming out of the place. 
Just as he reached the entrance, the person in charge’s voice rang out again from behind him. 
This time, there was no more icy tone in his voice, instead, it was full of respect and appeasement, bordering on flattery, "Mr. Ashton, we are extremely sorry. It was due to our belated response that Ms. Joanna and her friends were affected by these disgusting incidents." 
David paused at his words, spinning around to see the person in charge bowing and scraping, displaying as much respect as possible. 
This utter difference in treatment compared to how he had been treated earlier was more than humiliating. 
His face changed colors, turning from green to pale, looking unspeakably ugly. 
At this moment, his confidence and pride had taken a double hit. 
He had always believed that after Joanna left him, she would never find someone better.
###Chapter 113: Chapter 115: How about making Benington Group go bankrupt too?
However confident he might be, he had to admit that the man with the mysterious identity had extremely good conditions. 
Seeing the respectful attitude of the banquet manager towards him, his status must be very distinguished. 
Just now, he heard the person in charge call him Mr. Ashton... 
David Benington was suddenly taken aback and an idea popped into his head. 
With the last name Heath and being so young, could he possibly be... the new president of Heath Group who just returned to the country?! 
But this idea only stayed in his mind for a second before he immediately rejected it. 
Impossible. 
Absolutely impossible. 
It was rumored that the president of Heath Group was very contemptuous of women approaching him, said to have some kind of "androphobia" and being very repulsive towards women. 
If he were the Heath Group president, how could he be so close to Joanna Lawrence? 
Moreover, with Joanna’s identity, it would be impossible for her to even get in contact with him. 
After thinking this through, David felt a little more at ease. 
Offending the Heath family meant death. 
Looking at the whole of Closia, no one dared to offend the Heath family. 
* 
After David Benington left. 
Ashton Heath saw that Joanna Lawrence still had a cold face and looked unhappy, so he pinched her jaw, lowered his head and looked her in the eyes, saying: "Are you still angry? If you don’t think driving them away is enough to appease you, then I’ll make the Benington Group go bankrupt too. How about that?" 
Joanna’s eyes widened in surprise. 
When other people said this, she would think they were joking. 
But when Ashton Heath said it... 
She didn’t doubt at all that he would really do so. 
He had that kind of power.
"Let’s not do that," Joanna hurriedly said. "Although I broke up with David Benington, and I am quite annoyed right now. However, the grudges between us should not rise to involve his family. His parents were... not bad to me." 
What she said was true. 
Collin and Mrs. Benington had always been very nice to her. 
Especially Mrs. Benington, who treated her almost like her own daughter. 
Mrs. Benington had always wanted a daughter, but after giving birth to David, it was difficult for her to conceive again. 
Therefore, she only had one son, David. 
Unable to give birth to a daughter, she transferred her yearning for one onto Joanna. 
Although Joanna now hated David intensely, she didn’t hate his parents as well. 
Ashton listened to her words, and his eyes narrowed, "Were his parents very good to you?" 
"Yes." 
The man’s deep eyes narrowed further, clearly showing some dissatisfaction: "Do you really like his parents?" 
Joanna was taken aback and only then realized that he seemed to be unhappy. 
"Well... it’s not that I like or dislike them." Sensing what he might be concerned about, she didn’t dare tell the truth. 
She was afraid that if she told the truth, he would really get angry. 
She now had some understanding of Ashton; he seemed to be indifferent to everything, but actually, he was very petty about many things. 
Hearing her say this, the man’s face eased a bit. 
His warm hand covered her head and rubbed it. His deep voice said, "You and David are broken up. Breaking up is like becoming strangers. In the future, try to avoid contact with him and his family as much as possible to avoid entanglement." 
"Okay." Joanna obediently nodded. "I understand." 
Anyway, as long as she complied with everything he said, it would be fine. 
Ashton was pleased to see her so obedient, and his face relaxed a little more. 
He turned his head to look at Aria Rowlett, then looked around and asked curiously, "Didn’t you have two roommates? Where did they go?"
###Chapter 114: Chapter 116: For You, I’m Willing to Compromise
"They..." 
Joanna Lawrence never thought about telling Ashton Heath the truth, and she initially planned to find a random excuse. 
However, Aria Rowlett straightforwardly blurted out: "They had a conflict with us, so they left." 
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow: "A conflict? What kind of conflict?" 
Before Joanna could stop her, Aria had already spewed out all the details. 
Finishing the story, she angrily asked: "Heartthrob, don’t you think they were totally out of line? You gave them gifts and even invited them to such a nice place for dinner, and they actually thought Joanna was showing off on purpose! You weren’t there, you didn’t see their sour faces, it was just so painful to look at." 
After hearing this, Ashton’s face darkened slightly. 
He lowered his head and asked Joanna: "Is it like what she said?" 
Feeling a bit helpless, Joanna glared at Aria, sighed, and nodded. 
She really didn’t want Ashton to think there were so many top-notch weirdos around her. 
"Sigh, just thinking about having to live in the same dormitory with them for more than half a year makes me feel suffocated." Aria said gloomily.
"Then switch dormitories." Ashton said directly, "It’s simple, I can arrange for someone to communicate with the school, and you can move tonight. Don’t live with others again, just the two of you in one dorm." 
"Wow, really? I have no ions!" Aria happily danced with joy. 
Anyway, since everyone had already torn their faces apart, she didn’t want to share a dorm with Lillian White and the others anymore. 
Moreover, living in a dorm with just two people sounded wonderful. 
She heard that a double room was like a suite, and each person could have their own small bedroom. 
Just thinking about it felt incredibly delightful. 
"Joanna, let’s move, let’s go to the double suite. From then on, we can enjoy our beautiful world for two." Afraid that Joanna would refuse, Aria grabbed her arm and shook it vigorously. 
"Alright, let’s move." 
Joanna also thought that staying with Lillian and the others in the same dorm would make everyone very unhappy. 
It’s better to move out. 
After all, her relationship with them had always been ordinary, and there was no need for her to maintain such a superficial sisterly bond. 
* 
Leaving the banquet hall. 
The outside sky had already darkened. 
Checking the time, Ashton walked over to his black Bentley and said to Joanna: "Let’s go, I’ll take you back to school. Since you’re going to move dormitories, it’s better to go back early." 
Hearing him say that, Joanna was stunned, and a look of surprise appeared on her face. 
"What’s wrong?" Ashton glanced at her with a smile. 
She slowly stepped closer, her eyes drifting to Aria standing next to them, and whispered: "You’re going to send me and Aria back?" 
"Is there a problem?" 
"No..." Joanna hesitated for a moment and then whispered, "I’m just a little surprised. Zack told me before that your car wouldn’t casually carry other women. I thought..." 
She thought he wouldn’t allow Aria to ride in his car. 
If that was the case, it would have been a bit awkward. 
Ashton wrapped his arm around her waist, lowered his head to her ear, and gently blew a breath, his voice low and husky: "Hmm, indeed, my car doesn’t casually carry other women. Apart from my wife and relatives, no other women have ever been in my car." 
"Then why..." 
"She’s your good friend. Baby, for you, I’m willing to make an exception. To me, a little discomfort is far less important than your happiness."
###Chapter 115: Chapter 117: Explanation... What Explanation?
The man’s deep and gentle voice was like honey, sweetening Joanna’s heart and soul. 
Her heart began to pound rapidly again. 
Lifting her gaze, she met his deep, enchanting ink-black eyes, throwing her breath into disarray. 
Ashton Heath... 
This man was just too charming. 
The intoxicating sweet nothings he whisked up came effortlessly to him. 
She was utterly unprepared, her emotions expertly toyed with by him, flitting up then down, from quick pace to slow... 
* 
Half an hour later, they arrived at the school. 
Aria was the first to get out of the car. 
Once outside, she stood by the car, lifting up the bag in her hands to show Ashton while wearing a charming smile. "Heartthrob, thank you for your gift, and the astoundingly delicious dinner tonight. If you do not mind, whenever you have time, I’ll treat both of you to a meal." 
Aria had a very, very good impression of Ashton. 
She thought he was a hundred times better than the scumbag David. 
Ashton didn’t only look better than David, but he was also wealthier. Most importantly, she saw the genuine affection he showed towards Joanna. 
His attitude towards them was a clear indicator of this. 
If he didn’t value Joanna, there would be no need for him to go out of his way to send gifts and invite her roommate to dine out. 
People of their status, like him, are usually proud and aloof. 
For instance, David hadn’t ever taken them out for a meal, let alone given any gifts. 
Moreover, whenever he visited Joanna at school, he’d always displayed an air of superiority. 
Ashton, however, gave a light, respectful nod, agreeing easily "Sure." 
"Then it’s settled." Aria seemed thrilled, "As a college student, I can’t afford to take you to a high-end restaurant. But I know of a dainty barbecue restaurant that has fantastic taste and is pretty clean too. Whenever you’re free, tell Joanna and we’ll set a time to go." 
"You two must have some words to share alone, so I’ll go back to my dorm to pack up." 
After saying that, she waved at Joanna and Ashton and then jogged off. 
Inside the car. 
Ashton glanced at their departing guest through the rear-view mirror, a smile tugging at his thin lips, "Your friend is sensible, what’s her name?" 
"Aria." When Ashton praised her friend, Joanna felt even happier than being praised herself. Her face broke into a smile as she said, "Aria is really great, she’s my best friend." 
"Hmm." 
Ashton’s question was simply from a casual conversation, without any intention to delve further. After responding vaguely, he turned towards Joanna still sitting in the back seat, saying, "Get out, come sit next to me." 
Joanna thought he had something to say to her, so she unbuckled her seatbelt, got out and walked around the car to the front seat. 
As soon as she sat down, even before she could get settled, she was pulled by a strong force. 
She bumped into Ashton’s body and was immediately filled with his crisp, pleasant scent. 
Joanna felt a momentary intoxication, as if drunk, her head spinning slightly. 
She didn’t generally like men wearing perfume. 
But Ashton’s scent was quite pleasant. 
Ashton held her chin, lifting it high. His deep, enticing gaze locked onto her eyes. His thin lips curled up slightly, and his deep, magnetic voice intoned, "Baby, now that your friend has left, isn’t it time for you to explain things to me properly?" 
"Explain... what?" Joanna blinked, her face filled with confusion. 
She had no idea what he was referring to.
###Chapter 116: Chapter 118: Did She Cry?
Ashton Heath lowered his head. 
His sexy, warm thin lips were less than a centimeter away from hers. 
As he spoke, his warm breath fell on the corner of her lips. 
His fingertips gently caressed her chin, and his enchanting, cold eyes narrowed slightly. With a hint of coldness, he asked, "Why was David Benington at the banquet? Did you just happen to be having dinner in the same place?" 
The man seemed to ask casually, but Joanna Lawrence, sensitive as she was, immediately sensed a different meaning in his words. 
She was stunned for a moment, blinked her eyes, and an inexplicable annoyance instantly surged to her head, her eyebrows furrowing, "Do you suspect that I planned to meet him?" 
Ashton Heath’s fingers caressing her chin applied more pressure, his eyes deep and unpredictable, "What, are you angry? I just thought it was a bit coincidental." 
But he didn’t think it was coincidental at all. 
He clearly suspected that she had prearranged plans with David Benington. 
Joanna never thought that he would think this way about her. 
From the moment she decided to break off her engagement and break up with David, there was no turning back for her. 
And now, having married him, she was his wife. 
No matter if their marriage was filled with love or not, she would always adhere to her duty and be a good wife. 
She would never do anything to betray him while their marriage was still intact. 
Looking at the man’s clearly suspicious eyes, Joanna felt a sting in her heart and an indescribable discomfort. 
At the same time, feelings of anger and disappointment swarmed her mind. 
She angrily slapped the hand he had on her chin and forcefully pushed him away. 
Before Ashton Heath could react, she got up and retreated from his arms, grabbing her bag from the side, and opening the car door, ready to get out. 
What Joanna hated the most was the mistrust of others. 
Ashton Heath’s suspicious gaze just now reminded her of David Benington. 
She thought of the day she was framed by Annie Lawrence, and how David chose to believe Annie without giving her a chance to explain. 
She never thought she would experience that same disappointment again. 
Unable to express the sense of grievance in her heart, her vision blurred as she opened the car door. 
At this moment, she didn’t even want to explain herself; she just wanted to leave immediately. 
Just as she stepped out, the man behind her grabbed her arm and yanked her back. 
She collided into his chest again. 
His strong arms quickly wrapped around her, hugging her tightly. 
"Let go of me!" 
Joanna immediately began to struggle, her small hands pounding on his sturdy chest, angrily growling, "Ashton Heath, what are you doing? Let go of me and let me get out of the car." 
Her sharp voice, sharpened by anger, carried a hint of a sob. 
Ashton Heath was taken aback, his long fingers pinching her chin, forcing her to lift her head. 
Seeing the pair of tearful, misty eyes, he raised his eyebrows in surprise. 
She was crying? 
He had just been feeling a bit uncomfortable seeing her ex-boyfriend and had only asked a question. 
All she had to say was that it was a coincidence, and he would believe her. 
He would not continue to dwell on the matter. 
All he wanted was a single sentence from her. 
But he didn’t expect that just one question would make her so angry that she would even cry... 
As teardrops sparkled in the young girl’s eyes, which resembled a star-studded sky, her eyes reddened, still filled with grievance and anger. The accusatory look she cast at him spoke volumes.
###Chapter 117: Chapter 119: It’s my fault, I shouldn’t be overly suspicious
She just stared at him without saying a word. 
Tears clung to her long, thick eyelashes, and as she blinked, they fell onto her beautiful, delicate face. 
Ashton Heath had never been moved by a woman’s tears before. 
It even annoyed him. 
If anyone tried to use tears to gain his pity, they would only achieve the opposite effect. 
Even Yannick Luther had complained more than once that Ashton’s heart was made of stone, too cold and hard. 
Not a single woman could warm him up. 
But at this moment, Ashton realized he wasn’t immune to a woman’s tears after all. 
Looking at the girl with red-rimmed eyes and a face full of grievance in his arms, he felt a tinge of heartache for the first time. 
Without much hesitation, he apologized: "You’re crying? Because you think I doubted you? Baby, I’m sorry, I take back everything I just said. Pretend I never said anything, and don’t be mad at me, okay?" 
Ashton Heath had never known what it felt like to be flustered. 
But as he watched tears silently well up and fall from Joanna Lawrence’s eyes one by one, he felt that for the first time. 
His slender fingers awkwardly wiped the tears from her eyes. As his fingertips touched her warm, wet tears, he felt another wave of confusion and irritation. 
His apology seemed to make the girl cry harder. 
The tears fell like beads from a broken necklace, constantly sliding out of her eyes. 
Each hot tear that splashed onto his hand burned his heart as well. 
"Joanna, stop crying." After feeling that he couldn’t console the girl in his arms, Ashton Heath’s brows furrowed in helplessness and regret. Grasping her tear-soaked face, he asked with a frown, "Tell me, what do I have to do for you to stop being mad at me?" 
"I didn’t really doubt you; I believe you wouldn’t betray me." 
Joanna tearfully looked at him. The more he tried to appease her in a low voice, the more wronged she felt in her heart. 
Her eyes were full of accusation, her crying voice hoarse. Choking on her words, she said, "But you did doubt me! Wasn’t that what you meant by your words, that you thought David Benington and I had arranged to meet there beforehand?" 
"Ashton Heath, do you know how much I hate it when people don’t trust me? If you think I still have feelings for David, we might as well just divorce. Since you don’t trust me, what’s the point of us staying together?" 
Hearing the word "divorce," Ashton Heath’s face suddenly darkened. 
He was about to lose his temper, but the sight of the crying girl in his arms instantly extinguished his anger. 
It turned into a sigh of helplessness and annoyance. 
If he had known earlier that she would cry like this, he never would have asked that question. 
The slender, fair fingers of the man gently wiped away the moisture at the corner of her eye once more. 
He put his arms around her gently and softened his voice, letting out a low sigh: "Alright, it’s my fault, I shouldn’t have been paranoid." 
His admission of guilt led to an even more aggrieved complaint from the girl: "Of course, it’s your fault." 
"Yes, it’s my fault." At this moment, other than appeasing her and agreeing with her, Ashton Heath didn’t know what else to do. 
He had no experience in soothing women. 
For the first time in his life, he was humbling himself so much to soothe a woman, only to fail to do so. 
And he felt deeply frustrated.
###Chapter 118: Chapter 120 Baby, Are You Not Angry Anymore?
"You’re awful!" Joanna Lawrence clenched her teeth as she continued to accuse. 
Ashton Heath nodded, "Yes, I’m awful." 
Joanna Lawrence: "You’re a bastard." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Feeling that the girl in his arms was still angry with him, but her anger had significantly subsided, Ashton Heath finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
He lifted her delicate jaw and lowered his head to kiss her lips, murmuring softly at the corner of her lips, "Baby, are you still angry? If you’re still angry, you can keep scolding me. No matter what you say, I’ll accept it." 
Joanna Lawrence was very angry at first. 
She was thinking she would never speak to him again. 
But... 
The man apologized so well, as noble as he was, both the valuable heir of a prominent family and the Master Rank at the top of the commercial empire, yet he was willing to let go of his dignity and appease her with such gentle words. 
He didn’t have to do this at all. 
Even though Joanna still had some anger, she wasn’t as angry as she was at first. 
And when she calmed down, she didn’t even know why she got so mad. 
She even cried. 
That didn’t seem like her at all. 
She never cried when David Benington chose to believe Annie Lawrence and defended her in front of Joanna. 
But now, just because of one sentence from Ashton Heath, she cried grievously. 
When did she become so vulnerable? 
"If you’re not mad at me anymore, then stop crying." Ashton Heath lightly pecked her soft lips again, "Your eyes are swollen from crying. Do you want me to be sad?" 
His voice was unbelievably gentle. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at him, lost in the depths of his dark and deep eyes, her heart suddenly in chaos. 
*
When Joanna Lawrence returned to her bedroom, Aria Rowlett was still packing her luggage. 
As soon as she pushed the door open and walked in, Aria saw her and excitedly ran towards her. 
"Aww, baby, you’re back so soon. Why didn’t you stay with the heartthrob a little longer? You two should be spending more time together to cultivate your feelings in the early stages of your relationship." Aria Rowlett intentionally spoke loudly, as if afraid someone wouldn’t hear her. 
Joanna saw the cold faces of Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit sitting at the desk and immediately understood. 
Aria was deliberately trying to provoke them. 
So she went along and said, "Well, he wanted to spend more time with me. I told him to go back." 
"Why? You newlyweds should want to stick together 24/7, right?" 
"24/7 stuck together? I’d rather not." Joanna touched her nose and made a gesture of not being able to enjoy such a blessing, "I don’t like being too clingy. It’s better to keep some distance. It also adds an element of freshness." 
"That’s true." Aria nodded understandingly, "Being too clingy is indeed not good. But, you should still be a little more watchful of the heartthrob. Don’t be too comfortable. After all, with his conditions, there must be countless women who like him. If you come across any who are scheming and shameless, it’ll burn you." 
As Aria spoke, she glanced in Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit’s direction. 
Hmph, just because her heartthrob walked around the campus a few times, he’d already sparked jealousy from certain people. 
It was inevitable that some people would do something shameless out of jealousy. 
A woman’s jealousy has always been terrifying. 
"Aria Rowlett, who are you talking about in this weird tone?"
###Chapter 119: Chapter 121: Chickens Fly and Dogs Jump
Lillian White was surfing the internet when she slammed the mouse down on the desk with a bang. She looked up, anger in her eyes, glaring at Aria Rowlett. 
Gretchen Skerit was on the same side with Lillian, she also said coldly, "Aria Rowlett, were you indirectly cursing Lillian and me just now? Explain yourself, who is the scheming, shameless person?" 
"What, Lillian, are you trying to pick a fight with me?" Aria Rowlett was the kind of person who was never afraid of anything. She looked back at Lillian’s almost fiery eyes, her hands on her hips, and sneered, "I haven’t mentioned any of you by name. I don’t know why you’re so sensitive, thinking I was talking about you. Or maybe I just accidentally hit a nerve, struck your fragile glass hearts?" 
"You didn’t mention us by name, but you think we can’t hear it?" Lillian gritted her teeth, "What right do you, a sycophant, have to talk about us? No matter what we do, we’re a hundred times better than you." 
"You’re always calling for heartthrob, do you think they’ll give you a second glance? If you’re talking about scheming, I think you’re the real schemer. You used to jump around in front of David Benington, but seeing that he’s not interested in you, have you changed your target now?" 
"Ha." Lillian looked Aria up and down, disdainfully saying, "I advise you not to waste your time. Even David doesn’t look down on you, and this heartthrob will look down on you even more." 
Then, Lillian looked at Joanna Lawrence with her mocking face, sarcastically saying, "Beware of the fire, burglary, and your best friend, Joanna. Don’t let your guard down. Some scheming bitches may appear harmless, but they’re full of calculations. Don’t let someone steal your man and not even know what happened." 
"Lillian White, you shut the fuck up!" 
As soon as Lillian finished speaking, Aria was so furious that she swung her fist at her. 
Aria, who was easily agitated, couldn’t stand Lillian’s words. She was so angry that she was about to explode. 
Seeing Aria rushing over, Lillian also rolled up her sleeves and charged back. 
The two immediately started to fight. 
Aria’s strength was no match for Lillian, and she was quickly pinned down. Aria grabbed Lillian’s hair and tried to pull it, but Lillian, in pain, reached out and grabbed Aria’s hair too. 
Both of them were gritting their teeth in pain. 
Joanna saw that Aria was losing the fight, and of course, she couldn’t stand idly by. 
Aria was fighting with Lillian because of Joanna. 
"Lillian, stop it!" Seeing the red mark on Aria’s face, Joanna was both anxious and angry. She clenched her fist and charged over. 
Gretchen saw Joanna rushing over to help and joined the fray as well. 
The fight between two people turned into a fight between four... 
The dormitory was suddenly in chaos, with the noise becoming unbearable. 
* 
Half an hour later. 
The fierce fight between the four girls attracted the dormitory lady and the instructor. 
"You guys are something! Instead of sleeping late at night, you’re having a group fight! Are you trying to rebel or what?" 
The instructor had a dark face, his finger almost poking Lillian’s nose. 
"Which one of you started it? Who was the first to cause trouble? Stand up and face it!" 
The instructor’s "roaring lion" scared Joanna and Aria, making them tremble. 
But, Lillian and Gretchen looked very unconvinced. 
After the vicious fight, everyone had bruises on their bodies.
###Chapter 120: Chapter 122: She was the first to make a move
It was immediately apparent that Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit had taken a harsh beating, with many scratches on their faces and bodies, and their hair in disarray, much like a bird’s nest. 
Joanna Lawrence only had a red mark scratched onto her neck, with no other discernible harm. 
In a fight, neither Lillian nor Gretchen were her match. 
If the dormitory lady had not arrived in time, Joanna would have reduced them both to tears. 
"The counselor, it was Aria Rowlett who started it!" Lillian touched the scratch on her face, grimacing in pain. She resentfully accused, "She insulted us first, and struck first, too. Should I stand still and allow her to hit me?" 
"You’re talking nonsense!" Aria Rowlett spun round to give her a frosty glare and retorted, "Did I insult you? You’re the one who’s guilty and misinterpreting my words as if directed at you. And don’t lie with your eyes wide open. You were the first one to hurl insults. Had you not been so offensive, would I have beaten you up? People like you deserve to be punished. The next time you say something unpleasant, I’ll beat you again!" 
"Counselor, you heard that, right?" Lillian gritted out, looking pale, "She was the first to throw a punch." 
"Well, you wanted to be beaten up by being so critically disrespectful." 
"Aria Rowlett, you..." 
"Enough, stop arguing! This is a disciplinary office, not your fighting ring!" The counselor admonished, feeling a throbbing headache at their escalating argument. 
He took a deep breath to hold back his ire, composed his emotions and then asked with a stern face, "Aria Rowlett, it seems that you really were the first one to assault?" 
"It was me." Aria Rowlett raised her head, her voice rigid with defiant acceptance. 
She was bold enough to admit her actions. 
"Alright, since you were the first one to hit, your fault is the largest." The counselor rebuked sternly, "Regardless of the circumstances, it’s appallingly wrong to raise your hand against your classmates." 
"Counselor, I..." 
"Enough, I don’t need any further explanations. Now, you must run three laps in the field, and write a thousand-word self-criticism after you’re done." 
"As for the rest of you..." The counselor cast a scornful look towards the other three and gruffly ordered, "She’s at fault and so are you. Reflect well on your actions, and submit your self-criticism tomorrow." 
"Alright, everyone can leave now." 
Aria Rowlett was shaking with rage: "Counselor, why don’t Lillian and the others need to run in the field?" 
The counselor shot her a glance: "You’re the principal offender, while they merely followed your lead. If you think that’s unfair, then add two more laps." 
Aria Rowlett, "..." 
A gratifying smile surfaced on the faces of Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit. 
The field was massive, running one lap would already be draining enough. 
Running three laps would practically induce a collapse. 
Aria Rowlett absolutely deserved such a punishment. 
Yet when they thought about Joanna Lawrence receiving the same penalty as they did, their moods soured. 
The person who truly upset them was not Aria Rowlett, but Joanna Lawrence. 
But they couldn’t possibly influence the counselor’s verdict. 
After gloatingly glaring at Aria, both of them turned around to leave. 
Joanna Lawrence remained motionless. She glanced at Aria and then spoke up: "Counselor, I’m willing to accept the same punishment as Aria. I’ll run three laps around the field as well." 
Aria looked startled and disapprovingly furrowed her brow: "Baby, why would you accompany me? You should go back." 
"I’ll go with you." Joanna grasped her hand and insisted determinedly, "I won’t go back alone. It’s merely running three laps around the field, no big deal, we’ll just consider it as exercise."
###Chapter 121: Chapter 123: Really Fighting with Someone?
* 
It was ten at night. 
The vast playground was empty, with hardly any people in sight. 
Only two petite figures circled the playground, one round after another. 
After running three laps, even Joanna, who had good stamina, was exhausted. She sat on the ground, panting heavily. 
Sweat rolled down her forehead in large droplets. 
The hair and clothes of both girls were soaked with the sweat that had been heated out of their bodies. 
"Baby, you... shouldn’t have run with me..." Aria panted breathlessly. Her beaming and delicate face was dripping with sweat. 
She collapsed onto the lawn, lying motionless. 
Joanna lay down beside her, wiped the sweat from her face, and laughed, "If it weren’t for getting back at them for me, you wouldn’t have had any conflict with those girls. Everything happened because of me. How could I possibly leave you alone?" 
"Besides, I haven’t gone running in a long time. It’s quite refreshing to run like this once in a while." 
"Hahaha, it is quite refreshing. I’m drenched in sweat." 
The two of them lay on the grass for a while, waiting for their breathing to gradually steady before sitting up. 
With a "ding" sound, Joanna’s phone rang. 
She took it out of her bag and saw that Ashton Heath had sent her a message. 
Ashton Heath: Did you move into the new dormitory? How’s the environment of the double room? 
Joanna tapped on the screen and replied: I haven’t moved yet. 
Ashton Heath answered immediately: Why not? 
Joanna thought about it and replied: Something came up, and I got delayed. 
Ashton Heath: What happened? 
Looking at his reply, Joanna hesitated, wondering if she should tell him what had happened earlier. 
Before she could decide, a hand suddenly appeared in front of her and snatched her phone away before she could react. 
"Heartthrob, Joanna’s been bullied! Hurry over and help her!" Aria sent a voice message with Joanna’s phone in her hand. 
"Aria, give me back my phone." Joanna reached out to take it back, looking helpless. 
Aria returned the phone to Joanna after sending the message. 
She stared at Joanna and said seriously, "Joanna, you have a heartthrob-like boyfriend, so you should use him in critical moments like these. It was not our fault today, but now the blame has fallen on us. The more I think about it, the angrier I am. Why was it them who started this, but we’re the ones who got punished?" 
"You didn’t see it, but when we left the discipline office earlier, they had such a smug look on their faces. It makes me furious just thinking about it." 
Just as Joanna got her phone back, Ashton Heath called. 
Joanna: "..." 
He must have heard the voice message. 
Looking helplessly at Aria, Joanna answered the call. 
"Someone bullied you?" The man’s voice on the other end of the phone was low and cold, with a hint of danger. 
"Uh..." Joanna felt embarrassed and didn’t know how to respond. 
Actually, she didn’t seem to have been bullied. 
After all, before the dormitory lady came to break up the fight, she had been fighting 1v2 and was not scared at all. 
"Speak." The man’s voice grew heavier, and the dangerous aura in his words intensified. 
Joanna decided to be truthful, "I fought back, and they got it worse than me, so I guess I wasn’t really bullied." 
"You really got into a fight?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She could tell that Ashton Heath’s tone was not very good, as if he was angry.
###Chapter 122: Chapter 124: Do you think I should be angry?
For a moment, Joanna Lawrence didn’t know how to respond to him. 
She couldn’t figure out what he was thinking at this moment. 
She didn’t know if he was angry about her getting into a fight. 
Thinking about it, ever since they got married, she seemed to be constantly causing trouble, and he always had to clean up her messes. 
Would he be angry because she’s too good at causing trouble? 
"Um, are you... angry?" Joanna bit her lip and was silent for a while before she carefully asked. 
If he was really angry with her, she could understand. 
If she put herself in his shoes, if she were married to someone who kept causing trouble everywhere, she would probably be annoyed as well. 
The man’s voice was cold. "We’ve only been apart for a short while, and this happened. Do you think I should be angry?" 
Joanna clenched her phone tightly. 
As she thought, he was angry because she caused so much trouble. 
"I’m sorry." Her voice was weak as she apologized, feeling like she really was good at causing trouble, "I didn’t mean to cause trouble, I know..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, she was interrupted. The man’s cool, sexy voice came through again: "Baby, I didn’t mean to blame you. I’m just angry because we’ve only been apart for a short while, and you’ve been bullied again. You’re being bullied, and I’m not by your side." 
"I said that I would protect you and not let you suffer any grievances or injuries. But I didn’t do it." 
Joanna was stunned, her eyes widening a bit. 
His anger... was not because she caused too much trouble. 
It was because he felt like he didn’t protect her well enough. 
After a moment of stunned silence, a touch of sweetness surged up in her heart. 
"It has nothing to do with you." Joanna spoke softly to the man on the other end of the phone who was blaming himself. "You can’t possibly spend 24 hours by my side, watching me all the time, looking out for me. You can’t predict what will happen after we’re separated, so how can anything be your fault?" 
"And besides, I wasn’t really bullied. I’m actually pretty good in a fight. Usually, I’m the one bullying others." Joanna regretted saying this right after she finished. 
As expected, the man’s deep, sexy laughter came through the phone: "You’re great in a fight, hmm? Baby, did you often fight with others before?" 
Joanna: "..." 
It seemed like she had accidentally exposed something. 
After a moment of silence, the man sighed softly: "Baby, I really want you to stay with me 24 hours a day so that I can see you all the time. Otherwise, I honestly can’t trust you." 
* 
After hanging up. 
Joanna thought about the words Ashton Heath murmured right before ending the call, her cheeks burning, and her ears turning red. 
He whispered to her with his deep, sexy voice: "Baby, I want to hold you, kiss you. Baby not by my side, I miss you." 
Such a gentle, seductive tone, tickling her heart so much she felt numb. 
"Baby, what did your heartthrob husband say to you that has your face turning so red?" Aria Rowlett came up to her with a mischievous grin, teasing her. 
Joanna, annoyed, pushed her face away: "If you’re so curious, go find one for yourself. Then you’ll know." 
"Forget it." They both got up from the ground after having rested enough. 
Aria dusted off the dirt from her body, appearing as if she had seen through the world’s affairs, "Rather than wasting time on dating and falling in love with a crappy guy, I might as well study how to make money and get rich. Besides getting rich, I’m not interested in anything else."
###Chapter 123: Chapter 125: How Did the Counselor Become So Weird
"Of course." Her voice changed, and she said with a smile, "Unless I can also meet a man as excellent as heartthrob. I can also spend some time in a romance. However, the possibility of that is like finding a needle in a haystack; the chances are too slim. So, I’ll just stay single." 
"Yes, our Aria is so outstanding that only an equally outstanding man can match you." Joanna Lawrence nodded in agreement, "It’s better to be single before meeting someone you really like." 
In Joanna’s opinion, there are indeed few men who can match Aria Rowlett. 
Aria is very beautiful, with a height of 5’7" and a well-proportioned figure, belonging to the great beauty type that catches the eye. 
She and Joanna are different types. 
Joanna’s beauty is more pure and innocent, like an otherworldly little fairy at first glance. 
Aria, on the other hand, is a mischievous little sprite. 
The two, one with static beauty and one with dynamic beauty, were once jokingly called "besties" by some of the boys in the university. 
Moreover, Aria is also a very independent girl. Her family is not very well-off, and she has earned her own tuition for her three years of university through various means. 
With her attractive appearance, she has modeled for many E-Bay merchants, and the clothes she modeled for always sold well. 
So, she has gained some fame in the model circle, earning quite a bit of money through modeling over the years. 
Though it’s not as much as celebrity money, it’s still much better than ordinary people’s. 
* 
The two rested on the field for a while before turning back. 
As they were about to enter the dormitory, they saw a black shadow rush out at lightning speed. 
Joanna and Aria were both startled. 
Before they could get a clear look at the person, they heard a very respectful and cautious voice: "Jeremy, Aria, you guys are finally back." 
Joanna, Aria: "" 
Isn’t this... the voice of their advisor? 
When the two looked up, the person standing in front of them with an anxious and respectful expression on their face was none other than their advisor. 
At this moment, the advisor was completely devoid of the previous aura of authority. 
His face was full of apprehension, and he was so nervous that both of his hands were tightly clenched, as if he were facing not ordinary students, but higher-ups. 
Joanna and Aria looked at each other in amazement, both with baffled expressions on their faces. 
What’s going on? 
Why has the advisor become so strange? 
And if they heard correctly, he even used the honorific "you" when addressing them? 
Before the two could figure out what was happening, the advisor suddenly took a step back and bowed to them: "Jeremy, Aria, I was wrong before. I should not have blamed you when others were at fault. After deep reflection and self-criticism, I have realized my mistakes. In the future, I will never make the same mistake again. Please give me a chance to correct myself and forgive me this time." 
After saying that, he bowed deeply to them again under their astonished gazes. 
The still baffled and shocked duo: "..." 
What on earth... is going on?! 
How did it turn out that the advisor is apologizing and reflecting to them now? 
Seeing that the two had no reaction, the advisor became anxious: "Aria, Jeremy, I really realized my mistake!"
###Chapter 124: Chapter 126: She Dares to Threaten Me Too!
"If you’re not satisfied with my apology, I’ll go run three laps around the field right now, no, five laps!" 
Joanna Lawrence slowly recovered from her stupefaction. 
Looking at the counselor’s extremely nervous expression, a guess suddenly crossed her mind. 
She remembered the phone call she received from Ashton Heath. 
The counselor’s attitude had suddenly become so respectful. Could it be something Ashton Heath did? 
On reflection, that was the only possibility. 
After the counselor finished speaking, he was about to head for the track. 
Joanna Lawrence quickly stopped him, "Counselor, wait. Aria and I don’t blame you, you don’t need to apologize to us, let alone run laps around the field." 
In actuality, the counselor didn’t do anything wrong from his position. 
If there’s a fight within a dormitory, it’s certain that not just one person will be dealt with. 
Having to write self-criticism papers and run a few laps isn’t too severe a punishment anyway. 
"Really?" The counselor at first was stunned before expressing joy and excitement on his face. He quickly seized Joanna Lawrence’s hand, "Joanna, so does this mean you forgive me?" 
"Uh..." Joanna Lawrence quietly withdrew her hand, "Counselor, as I said, you didn’t do anything wrong. It was indeed our fault for fighting in the dorm." 
Listening to her words, the counselor’s face solemn again, "Joanna, does this mean you haven’t forgiven me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...No." 
"Why would you say that, then?" 
Joanna Lawrence twitched at the corner of her mouth, "...Fine, I forgive you." 
It seemed that unless she verbally stated her forgiveness, he would continue to feel ill at ease. 
Who knows what Ashton Heath said to scare the counselor into such a state. 
"Really? Joanna, you truly forgive me?" 
"...Yes, I forgive you." 
"What about Aria?" 
Aria Rowlett twitched at the corner of her mouth and nodded, "Mhm, I forgive you too." 
The counselor looked like he had a narrow escape from death. He placed a hand to his chest and let out a long sigh of relief. 
He was almost moved to tears, "Thank you both for your graciousness." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"Both of you please wait here for a moment." The counselor obtained their forgiveness, finally relaxed, and turned to walk into the dorm. 
Joanna Lawrence heard him saying to Lillian White and others, "What are you all just standing there for? Hurry up and apologize to Joanna and Aria." 
"Why should we apologize." Lillian White’s furious and grievance voice came through, "Counselor, this is not fair! You clearly said before that Aria Rowlett was the chief culprit, now why is it not their fault but ours?" 
Gretchen Skerit laughed coldly, "Even the counselor has to apologize to them, some people really are powerful. Relying on a man to show off their might, bullying classmates is one thing, even teachers have to be bullied by them, truly domineering." 
"Yeah, counselor, are you being threatened by someone?! What are you scared of, just expose whoever is threatening you. We don’t believe that person can be so powerful that they can cover the sky with one hand!" 
"Both of you shut up!" The counselor said angrily, "Nobody threatened me, stop talking nonsense! If I tell you to apologize, then apologize." 
"I won’t!" Lillian White gnashed her teeth, "I’m not scared at all, let her threaten me if she dares!" 
"I’d really like to know, what can she do to us if we don’t apologize?" Gretchen Skerit coldly said, "If she has the guts, let the school expel us too. After all, it’s not like she hasn’t done something like this before."
###Chapter 125: Chapter 127: The Sharp and Scathing Sarcasm
"You all..." 
"Advisor." Joanna Lawrence heard this and slowly walked into the dorm. 
As soon as she entered, Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit glared at her with fierce resentment. 
Both of their eyes were filled with defiance and anger. 
Seeing their glares, Joanna sighed quietly in her heart. 
Originally, the three of them had been in the same dorm for three years and hadn’t had any issues. 
Now it seems that they can’t even be ordinary friends anymore. 
Fortunately, there are only half a year left at school, and during the second half of the year, they would basically be leaving campus and entering an internship period. 
Moreover, after moving out of the dorm, they wouldn’t be living together, which would save them from the awkwardness of seeing each other every day. 
"They don’t have to apologize to us. Let’s just leave it at that." Joanna didn’t expect Lillian and the others to apologize, and even if they did, it wouldn’t be sincere. 
Whether they apologize or not, it doesn’t matter anymore. 
"Jeremy, does that mean you forgive them too?" 
Joanna smiled and said indifferently, "It’s not about forgiveness; they don’t need my forgiveness." 
"Then... " 
"Let’s just end this here." Joanna said, "If there are no other issues, Aria and I will go pack our things." 
"Alright, alright." The advisor was relieved that the matter was over; otherwise, he would have to continue worrying about it. 
He immediately nodded and said, "Then let’s listen to Jeremy. Since you still have to pack, I won’t bother you anymore. And by the way, Jeremy, if there’s anything you need help with or any requests regarding the move, just let me know." 
Joanna politely smiled, "Thank you, but we can handle it on our own." 
"That’s good, that’s good. I’ll leave you to it, then. If you need anything, come to me, and I’ll help you with anything I can." 
"Thank you, Advisor." 
"Don’t mention it. It’s all part of what I should be doing." 
* 
After the advisor left, Joanna walked past Lillian and the others and began to pack her belongings. 
Aria Rowlett went to help her. 
Joanna didn’t have many things, and with someone helping her, it was packed up quickly. 
After packing their bags, the two of them picked up their suitcases and prepared to leave. 
"Hehe." A mocking laugh rang out. "These days, it’s better to find a man who’s more capable than yourself. Without putting in any effort, you can have fancy cars, luxurious houses, and even more. That’s something that others can’t achieve even after working hard their whole lives." 
"Clinging to a man with status and position makes earning money effortlessly and even earns you the respect of your teachers and classmates. It’s no wonder that women with a bit of beauty in this society want to gain something for nothing through certain channels." 
"Yeah, who’d want to struggle for something when you can get it by just spreading your legs?" 
"It’s best to move out; otherwise, living with someone with such a twisted moral compass in the same dorm, I’m worried my own personal ethics would be corrupted." 
"Hehe, what are you worried about? Do you have a pretty face like her? She’s born with an innocent and pure appearance, perfect for rich young masters’ taste. In their eyes, she’s purely innocent." 
Both of them took turns making sarcastic and cutting remarks. 
The bitterness and jealousy in their words were no longer hidden, clearly exposed. 
Joanna had reached the door.
###Chapter 126: Chapter 128: You’re Going to Make Them Die of Anger!
Hearing that, she stopped and slowly turned around. 
"Are you talking about me?" There was little expression on her face, her emotions unexpectedly calm, and she asked calmly.
Lillian White glanced at her without fear in her eyes, sneering, "Whoever we’re talking about knows." 
"Heh." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at her expressionlessly, not feeling any anger in her heart, just amused, "Well, what you just said is not wrong." 
Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit both froze and looked at her in confusion. 
They were cursing her, and she agreed? 
Did she have a mental breakdown? 
Joanna looked at the two like clowns and continued in her indifferent tone, "I do indeed have a beautiful face, and that’s exactly what wealthy people like. If the rich insist on liking me, there’s not much I can do." 
Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit were speechless. 
Aria Rowlett behind Joanna was also speechless. 
Baby, is it really okay for you to say that? 
You’re going to anger them to death! 
"Your jealousy doesn’t matter. Appearance is given by our parents, it’s natural. Even if I rely on my face for a living, that’s a skill in itself. Not everyone has such luck and ability. After all, only a few are favored by the heavens." 
"Others like me are destined to marry into a wealthy family and become a wealthy wife. Have you ever seen a wealthy wife who needs to struggle and work hard on her own? Let the men do the work outside while making money. Me, I just need to focus on being beautiful." 
"No matter how dissatisfied you are, it won’t change anything. If you’re really envious and jealous, there’s still a way to change your fate." She paused for a moment, then said earnestly, "Plastic surgery can change your fate. You could also undergo surgery to become the type that wealthy people like. Even if you don’t end up with as good a life as mine, marrying a slightly richer man should be no problem. Keep going, I believe you can do it!" 
After saying this, she even clenched her fist and made an encouraging gesture to them. 
The faces of Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit instantly turned as black as if they had swept their fingers across the base of a dirty pan. 
"Pfft"- 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t help laughing so hard that she was crying. 
She discovered that her Baby was quite good at mocking people. 
She didn’t even say any offensive words, but she had angered Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit so much that their noses and eyes were crooked. 
This is probably the highest level of mockery. 
Before, she had never seen Joanna mock someone like this. 
It turned out that she wasn’t incapable of mocking, she just hadn’t met someone who had provoked her to do so. 
So Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit deserved it, as they were the ones with the foul mouths in the first place. 
Watching them look like they were about to vomit blood from anger, Aria Rowlett’s heart was delightfully content. 
"Heh." Another faint laugh sounded behind the two. 
As a man’s deep and sexy laughter entered her ears, Joanna was first taken aback, then widened her eyes and slowly turned around. 
The lights in the corridor were dim. 
The man in a black outfit was quietly standing behind her, his deep eyebrows and slightly pursed sexy thin lips were covered with a light warm glow, his delicate and good-looking features seemed unreal. 
Especially when his soul-hooking deep eyes were fixed on her, Joanna Lawrence felt as if her soul had been captured by him. 
He seemed like a demon that suddenly appeared from the darkness of the night, exuding lethal danger and temptation all over his body. 
Dressed in black, he was filled with a suppressed desire.
###Chapter 127: Chapter 129: She Was Born to be a Wealthy Wife’s Fate
Upon suddenly seeing such a visually striking beauty, Aria Rowlett was completely stunned. 
Joanna Lawrence also had a dazed look on her face, her eyes unblinking as she stared at him. 
Ashton Heath? 
Why... why did he come? 
He didn’t mention that he was coming in the phone call just now. 
Looking at the charming young girl with a dazed gaze and head tilted up at him, Ashton Heath hooked his thin lips, stepped forward, and pulled her into his arms. 
The man’s strong arm wrapped around her slender, soft waist, his thin lips slightly curved, and he whispered softly, "Are you ecstatic to see me?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Her heart rate sped up uncontrollably, she blinked, staring at his overly handsome face for a few seconds, then blinked again, "How...how did you get here?" 
"I missed you." 
"..." 
The man’s overly direct words made her cheeks heat up slightly. 
They had only been apart for less than an hour. 
As if guessing what she was thinking, Ashton Heath chuckled quietly, his big hand landing on her head and gently rubbing, "Baby, you need to understand a man who’s deeply in love. Even if I’m away from you for a minute, I can’t bear it." 
"..." 
Joanna felt her heart race even faster, and thinking that Aria Rowlett also heard those words, her face grew hotter. 
Jealousy didn’t completely distort Aria’s face in the face of the sickly sweet smell of love. Instead, she was full of aunt-like laughter. 
Her face full of relief and excitement made Joanna twitch her mouth. 
Why did it feel like Aria was more excited about her falling in love than she was? 
"Wow, heartthrob, are you here to help Joanna move? Having such a considerate and caring boyfriend, Joanna is really lucky." 
Aria Rowlett yelled these words, and the two people in the dormitory heard them. 
Naturally, they also saw Ashton Heath standing at the door. 
The man’s outstanding appearance and noble aura were enough to make any woman’s heart beat faster. 
Lillian White only took a glance, and her heart rate accelerated. 
When she saw Joanna nestling against the man like a little bird, she clenched her teeth, and jealousy flashed in her eyes. 
Why would such an outstanding man be interested in Joanna, who is like a scheming matcha coffee? 
Are all men so superficial, only liking appearance and not caring about inner beauty? 
Just as Lillian was watching Joanna with jealousy, Ashton Heath turned his head, and his indifferent cold gaze fell on her face, which had become somewhat ugly due to jealousy. 
Lillian’s heart skipped a beat when her gaze met his. 
The man’s eyes were just too beautiful. 
When he looked at her, Lillian instantly felt the sensation of falling in love.
At this moment, she wished she was the one nestled in his arms instead of Joanna. 
That embrace seemed warm and secure, and being held in his arms must have felt incredibly sweet and wonderful. 
As soon as this thought crossed her mind, she saw the handsome and noble man walk into the dormitory with Joanna in his arms. 
That pair of eyes staring at her were extremely cold, without a trace of warmth. 
"Did you all hear what my baby just said?" 
Lillian hesitated, "Mr. Brandon ... " 
Ashton Heath cut her off disgustingly, "My baby is right, she’s destined to marry into a wealthy family and be a wealthy wife. With her face, she’s destined to get everything she wants without making any effort."
###Chapter 128: Chapter 130: Mind Your Words from Now on
"If you’re jealous of her because of this, then you can only accept it. Fate is unfair to everyone in the first place." 
Lillian White’s face suddenly became very ugly. 
He heard everything they just said? 
After hearing what Joanna Lawrence said, he was not only not angry, but also defended her? 
"Mr. Heath, is a woman’s appearance so important to you men?" Lillian White was a bit emotional, "As long as she has a good-looking face, it can overshadow everything? I thought you were different from other men, but I didn’t expect that you could be so superficial!" 
Superficial? 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, and the corner of his lips curled up with a cold sneer: "Who are you to think that I am different from other men? And do you think your opinion is important?" 
His gaze towards Lillian White showed undisguised disgust: "Indeed, a woman’s appearance is not the most important thing. But for a woman like you, who is ugly both inside and out, any man would find it disgusting." 
Lillian White opened her eyes wide, feeling deeply humiliated. 
Her face turned crimson with anger in an instant: "You..." 
She had just uttered one word when the chill in the man’s eyes intimidated her. 
Under his cold and sharp gaze, she felt an overwhelming pressure that made it hard to breathe. 
Fear suddenly welled up inside her, as a wave of coldness spread throughout her body, making her too scared to speak another word. 
He didn’t say anything, and he didn’t do anything. 
But just a single look was enough to make people terrified. 
Under the pressure of this powerful aura, Lillian White’s body trembled involuntarily. 
Ashton Heath did not want to waste his time on these meaningless people. 
His cold gaze swept over Gretchen Skerit, filled with threat and warning, and he said coldly, "Watch your mouths in the future. If I hear any more slander against my baby, it won’t be just a simple warning." 
"If you want to ’graduate’ early, feel free to ignore my words." 
The last sentence made both Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit’s eyes filled with dread. 
How could they not know what Ashton Heath meant by "graduating early"? 
If he could make Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright "graduate" early, he could certainly make them "graduate early" as well. 
As the two girls feared, their resentment towards Joanna Lawrence deepened. 
* 
The new double-room dormitory is in another building. 
Even in the same school, students have different treatments. 
Those who live in double rooms are mostly from well-off families. 
After all, the accommodation fees for a semester are nearly 100,000, which not every student’s family can afford. 
The double rooms are standard two-room, two-apartment layouts, with two bedrooms, a living room, and a dining room. The best part is that each bedroom has a separate bathroom.
And all kinds of furniture and appliances are available inside. 
"Wow, is this our new dormitory?" 
Aria Rowlett’s eyes shone with excitement, "This is so awesome. Baby, tell me, can we really live here in the future?" 
"Of course, you can." 
The one who answered her was Ashton Heath. 
While the man was carrying a suitcase in one hand and holding Joanna Lawrence’s waist with the other, he looked around and said with a bit of dissatisfaction, "This is the best dormitory your school has to offer."
###Chapter 129: Chapter 131: I’m Not Leaving Tonight
Although it’s not perfect, it’s barely passable. You guys can settle down first." 
"Not settling, not at all!" Aria Rowlett dragged her suitcase into the slightly smaller bedroom and said tactfully, "I’m going to unpack now, and then I’ll just take a shower and go to bed. I won’t come out of the bedroom. Um, Baby... You can do whatever you want with your heartthrob, just pretend I’m not here." 
After speaking, she dragged her suitcase into the bedroom and closed the door with a "bang." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Aria is such a little bastard! 
What do they mean, "do whatever you want"? 
She doesn’t even want to do anything, okay? 
She heard a low laugh from the man by her side, a sexy and provocative laugh, "She’s quite sensible, really thinking about us."
Joanna looked up to see the man’s deep and dark eyes, her face flushed, she bit her lip and said, "Don’t mind her." 
Ashton Heath didn’t speak but looked at her with a half-smile. 
Joanna’s face became even warmer. 
With a light blush on her delicate and tender face, Joanna took a deep breath, gently pushed him, and snatched the suitcase from his hand, "Um, I’m going to unpack too." 
Having said that, she pulled the suitcase into the bedroom. 
Watching her back as she almost escaped in terror, Ashton Heath hooked the corner of his lips and followed leisurely. 
For a prey that’s already in his grasp, he doesn’t need to be anxious. 
Good things are worth waiting for. 
* 
As Joanna walked into the bedroom, she saw the large and wide bed. 
Her room was the master bedroom with a larger area, so it had a double bed. 
Joanna flushed and her heart raced, perhaps thinking about something. 
Seeing her standing in front of the bed with a dazed look, Ashton Heath chuckled, walked up behind her, and gently embraced her in his arms. 
The man’s arm was strong and powerful, and after hugging her, he held her tightly in his embrace. 
Her back was against his hot chest, like a ball of fire, making Joanna flustered and restless. 
"Baby..." Ashton Heath lowered his head, his hot breath falling on her ear, his voice sexy and messy, "I won’t leave tonight, and I’m going to stay here for the night. Is that okay?" 
Originally, she had lived in a six-person room. 
It was inevitably inconvenient for many things. 
Now that she has moved into this double-room dormitory and has her own private bedroom, Ashton Heath won’t leave his beautiful wife alone and go back to sleep by himself. 
Joanna’s heart was pounding like a drum, and her face felt hot, "No, it’s not allowed. Our school doesn’t allow outsiders to stay over." 
When she heard him say that he was staying over that night, she was extremely nervous. 
Although the two had shared a bed for one night, that night she had been asleep and unaware of anything. 
To sleep in the same bed as him now, while fully awake... 
Just thinking about it made her feel embarrassed. 
She didn’t feel ready yet. 
She hadn’t completely accepted him as her so-called new husband from the bottom of her heart. 
"As long as I say it’s fine, it’s fine." 
The man’s moist, burning lips pressed against her reddened, delicate earlobe, causing her to shudder. 
He whispered hoarsely in her ear, "Baby, let me stay. Don’t be nervous, I won’t do anything to you, I promised you a week to adjust, and I won’t break my word. I just want to hold you while I sleep. When I’m with you, I don’t have insomnia anymore."
###Chapter 130: Chapter 132: Tonight... I also want to hold you in my sleep.
"During the days you weren’t here, I hardly slept. Insomnia is truly torturous. Can you really bear to watch me continue to be plagued by insomnia? Can you bear to watch me suffer this way, hmm?" As the man spoke, his warm breath tickled her ear, his deeply seductive voice as alluring as ever. 
Joanna Lawrence suddenly felt as if this man was acting coy with her. 
Despite him not sounding coy, but rather, flirting with her in various ways from start to finish, Joanna still got that feeling. 
Acting spoiled, playing the victim... 
Just so he can stay the night. 
Put bluntly, he wants to share her bed... 
With that thought, a blush crept onto Joanna Lawrence’s fair face, which turned red as can be. 
Although by "sleep", he meant simply sharing her bed. 
Yet... 
She still felt terribly shy. 
Her heart pounded wildly: "What...what does your insomnia have to do with me?" 
"Of course it does." 
Ashton Heath’s hand tightened around her waist, pulling her closer to him. 
The man dipped his head, lifting her chin with one hand, his deep heated gaze met hers, his lips pulled into a charming smile: "If I sleep with you, I won’t suffer from insomnia. That night when I held you, you were soft and fragrant, you’re tiny, it was so comfortable having you in my arms. Baby, tonight... I want to hold you while I sleep." 
In between his words, the gaze in his eyes intensified, like a cluster of fires burning, lighting up his deep dark eyes, which looked somewhat shocking in their brightness. 
Joanna Lawrence saw her own nervous and confused reflection in his bright eyes. 
The man’s handsome face seemed to magnify inch by inch before her eyes, his burning breath brushing against her... 
"Ashton Heath...," she cried out his name in panic. 
"Baby, call me hubby." His hot, sexy lips pressed against hers. 
Ashton Heath kissed her deeply, with force. 
His kiss, much like him, was dominant, filled with possessiveness, distinctively similar to tasting fine cuisine, patiently and meticulously he kissed her, going from the corner of her lips to the sweet softness of her lips. 
Then, parting her lips and teeth, he ravished her mouth more intensely. 
The girl in his arms was fragrant and soft, akin to a delicious feast. 
A feast only for himself. 
Although Ashton Heath desperately wanted to devour this tantalizing feast, he knew it wasn’t the right time yet. 
He had to be patient. 
He would prefer for her to be willing, for such an experience is a beautiful one, and if it became an act of compulsion, it wouldn’t mean anything. 
Proud as he was, he didn’t stoop to coerce a woman. 
He had given her seven days, confident that at the end of it, she would willingly give herself to him. 
The man kissed her with such fervor, that Joanna Lawrence could feel her tongue numbing and her breath hitching. 
With no idea how to breathe properly, her face began to turn red. 
"Hmm..." She didn’t want to become the subject of bizarre news stories as a woman who died from kissing. Just when she felt that she was about to faint, she pushed the still passionate man away with all her strength. 
She immediately drew in the fresh air. 
Joanna Lawrence took deep breaths, her chest moving up and down drastically. 
She took around four to five deep breaths before she started to feel alive again. 
Her little face, red from oxygen deprivation, gradually regained its normal color.
###Chapter 131: Chapter 133: I Can Sleep on the Ground Bed
The man who was pushed away had intense lust in his eyes, his breath heavy and hurried, as if the fire in his eyes had completely ignited. 
His gaze on her was like a beast staring at a small lamb. 
Under his stare, the little lamb was shivering... 
Ashton Heath’s dark, heavy gaze fell on the tender, swollen pink lips of the little lamb that he had kissed, and his eyes darkened even more. 
This little lamb was much more delicious than he had imagined. 
Tasting it once was addictive. 
Just now, if she hadn’t pushed him away, he might not have been able to control himself. 
Fine sweat broke out on his forehead... 
Some part of his body had reacted long ago. 
When Joanna Lawrence saw it, her face turned as hot as fire, and even her ears and neck turned red. 
Her eyes flickered a few times, flustered and upset, she shifted her gaze, squatting down to open her suitcase: "I, I’ll pack my luggage. If you really want to stay tonight, then, then I’ll go sleep on the sofa." 
That kiss just now had scared her. 
She could feel it so clearly. 
Just a kiss, and he was... like... that already. 
If they were still lying on the same bed later, could he really hold back? 
Joanna did not have much faith in him anyway. 
She could feel that Ashton’s desire in that area was very strong. 
So strong that... she felt a little scared of it. 
Ashton Heath looked at her sullenly for a few seconds, his sexy thin lips hooked up: "Baby, I can’t bear to let you go out and sleep on the sofa. You sleep on the bed, and I’ll sleep on the sofa." 
Joanna immediately pictured the small sofa in the living room. 
She could barely sleep on it for a night. 
Ashton Heath, a tall man with long arms and legs, over six feet tall, couldn’t sleep on it at all. 
If he were to sleep on it, he wouldn’t even be able to stretch his legs. 
Thinking of this, she frowned slightly: "That sofa is too small, and you will be very uncomfortable sleeping on it." 
A glint flashed quickly in Ashton Heath’s eyes, and he immediately said, "Then I’ll sleep in the same room with you." 
Joanna paused, her face burning: "...That won’t do." 
"I’ll sleep on the floor." Ashton Heath looked down at the ground, "There should be spare blankets here. I can make a ground bed." 
Joanna: "..." 
Without waiting for her reply, the man’s deep, dark eyes narrowed: "Baby, if you don’t let me share the bed with you, you can’t even let me sleep on the floor, can you? Don’t forget, we’re already married." 
"Newly married couple, do you really want to kick your husband out of the room? Don’t you think that’s a bit too much?" 
Joanna: "..." 
After thinking about it, she felt like she was being a bit unreasonable. 
Before they got married, he had told her that he wouldn’t be her fake husband in name only. 
What he meant was that she, as his wife, should fulfill her marital obligations. 
Not letting him sleep on the bed was one thing, but chasing him out of the room... 
It was indeed a bit too much. 
After reflecting on it, she blushed and nodded: "...Fine then. Let me, let me see if there are any extra blankets." 
"Mhm." Ashton Heath hooked his lips, the corner of his mouth playing with a smirk. "You go look for it, and I’ll take a shower first." 
After he spoke, he reached out to pull at the tie around his neck while turning towards the bathroom. 
Hearing him mention taking a shower, Joanna hesitated for a moment and quickly said, "I don’t have any clean clothes for you to change." 
Ashton Heath had already reached the door, his footsteps paused for a moment, turning his head, he looked at her with a seemingly amused gaze: "On the way here, I asked Cody Aberton to buy a few sets of clothes. He should be here soon; you can help me take the clothes when he arrives."
###Chapter 132: Chapter 134: Can’t Remember Many Things Anymore
"..." 
Watching the tall and straight figure of the man enter the bathroom, Joanna Lawrence stared for a few seconds, her face flushed with warmth. 
Her fair and tender little face gradually turned red. 
So... 
When he came to find her, had he already planned to stay with her tonight? 
Did this man plan long ago to sleep with her tonight? 
The bathroom lights came on. 
Soon, the sound of rushing water could be heard. 
The bathroom’s glass door was frosted, so nothing could be seen clearly from the outside. 
However, a vague silhouette was visible. 
When Joanna looked up, she saw Ashton Heath’s figure through the glass door. The man seemed to be undressing, taking off his shirt, revealing a smooth and sexy upper body... 
As he raised his hand, Joanna could even see the bulging muscles on his arm. 
The man’s body looked... very robust and strong. 
As Joanna looked on, her heartbeat quickened, and her face turned redder and warmer. 
For some reason, she suddenly remembered that chaotic night. 
The night she had almost forgotten due to her deliberate indifference. 
That night, her consciousness was blurred, and she couldn’t remember many things. 
But she did remember that the man who had taken her innocence had an excellent physique, and her hand had caressed his scalding body. 
Not only did he have chest muscles, but also abs. Just by the touch of her hand, she could tell his body was very sexy... 
His voice was also very sexy. 
In the hazy memory, he had called her ’baby’ by her ear and let out passionate gasps... 
Just thinking about it made Joanna’s face turn red with a racing heart. 
She couldn’t remember that man’s voice anymore. 
However... 
When Ashton Heath called her baby, she would think of that man. 
Realizing that she had imagined Ashton Heath as the same person as the despicable man who had violated her innocence, Joanna furrowed her brows and immediately forced herself to discard the thought. 
There was no way he could be the rapist. 
How could a man of his status ever force someone else? 
It was obviously impossible when you think about it. 
As her thoughts ran wild, Joanna blushed and turned her gaze away, not daring to continue watching. 
She was about to pack her things when she heard the phone ring. 
It was Ashton Heath’s phone ringing. 
The sudden phone ring finally pulled her back to reality. 
Listening to the repeated ringing, she hesitated for a few seconds and turned around to go over. 
As the phone lay next to the bed, she picked it up and glanced at it. The screen displayed the name Yannick Luther. 
She recalled Ashton Heath telling her that he had a friend who was the young master of the Luther family. 
It must be the man named Yannick Luther. 
Joanna knew the Luther family. 
They were one of the top prestigious families in Closia, like the Heath family, both of which were extremely prominent and influential in the political and business circles. 
The phone kept ringing as sounds of running water came from the bathroom. Joanna hesitated for a few seconds and answered the call. 
Immediately, a grievance-filled voice sounded, "Ashton, didn’t you say you were bringing your sister-in-law to meet us? Where are you? You told us she’s shy and afraid of us, her unscrupulous brothers, so we even sent our beauties away. Can you imagine how boring and dull it is for a bunch of guys to just sit there and drink? Don’t tell us you’re not coming."
###Chapter 133: Chapter 135: He Likes Women
"Uh..." 
After listening to this long list of complaints, Joanna Lawrence felt quite embarrassed. 
So, Ashton Heath stood up his brother for her sake? 
"Huh..." 
The faint sound Joanna made immediately caught the attention of the person on the other end of the phone. 
Yannick Luther, as if discovering a new world, excitedly said, "Is that you, sister-in-law?!" 
This "sister-in-law" made Joanna’s face flush with heat. She pursed her lips and shyly said, "...Yannick, Mr. Yannick, hello." 
"Wow." Yannick exclaimed again excitedly, "It’s really sister-in-law?! Hello, sister-in-law, my name is Yannick Luther, and I’m a close friend of Ashton who grew up with him. Though we’re not siblings by blood, our bond is even stronger. Anyway, Ashton and I are very close." 
"Um." 
Joanna’s mouth twitched, and a polite yet awkward smile appeared on her lips, "Is that so?" 
"Yes!" Yannick said excitedly, "Before, when Ashton told me he has a sister-in-law, I thought he was lying to me. I never thought he actually has a woman now! From now on, I can no longer laugh at him for being a perpetual single man." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Oh gosh, I’m so damn excited and thrilled. I don’t have to worry about Ashton being a lifelong virgin anymore." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Sister-in-law, you have no idea. Our Ashton is a strange character; before you, there weren’t even any women around him. Growing up, countless girls have had crushes on him, but he just isn’t interested in any of them. Not only is he disinterested, if a girl touches him, he reacts as if he was assaulted, he’s extremely repulsive." 
"..." 
"What kind of weird issue is that? Just because he’s not interested in women, I’ve been worried for a long time. I was really afraid he was interested in men. Imagine, he and I grew up together, we’ve taken baths naked together a few times. If he’s suddenly into men and confesses his love to me one day, what should I do? If that happens, we couldn’t even be brothers anymore, wouldn’t that be a pity?" 
"Although I don’t disdain gay love, I can’t accept being intimate with another man! And what’s more, that man is my good brother! Think about it, ’I treat you like a brother, but you want to sleep with me’, how terrifying is that!" 
"..." 
Why did she feel that this young master of the Luther family is a drama king? 
Isn’t this a little too dramatic? 
Just because Ashton Heath showed no interest in women in the past, he imagined that Ashton wanted to have an affair with him? 
And he even thought and agonized over it so much... 
With so much drama in his head, it would be a waste of talent if he didn’t become a screenwriter! 
Did Ashton Heath know about all this? 
"I’ve been worried and agonizing over this for so many years, and now I can finally put it all behind me. Can you imagine, if such an outstanding guy like Ashton Heath went gay, wouldn’t that be a waste of his handsome face and good body? As soon as I think of him being pressed down beneath another man’s..." 
"Uh, Mr. Yannick..." 
Joanna couldn’t stand it any longer. After her mouth twitched a few times, she interrupted him, "You don’t need to worry about these things. Ashton Heath is perfectly normal, he likes women, and he’s not interested in men."
###Chapter 134: Chapter 136: His Combat Ability Isn’t Very Good
After all, Ashton Heath is her husband now. 
Joanna Lawrence felt that, both emotionally and logically, she should make some clarification. 
She needed people to know that her husband was a man as normal as they come. 
Yannick Luther fell silent for a moment, then spoke again. His voice was low, sounding somewhat secretive, "Sister-in-law, is Ashton there with you? He didn’t hear what I just said, did he?" 
"No, he’s not with me. He’s taking a shower." 
"Taking a shower?" Yannick paused again, then let out an ambiguous chuckle, "So early, Ashton is taking a shower already? Seems like, his stamina isn’t that good. But don’t worry too much, Sister-in-law, it’s always like this for old virgins like Ashton. Next time we meet, I’ll give him some advice. I guarantee his performance will be much better." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
Did the young master of the Luther family misunderstand something?! 
What does he mean by "stamina isn’t that good", "old virgin with no experience", "next time will be much better"?! 
Could it be that he thought she and Ashton Heath had just done something, and this was Ashton taking a post-sex shower?!! 
As she thought about it, Joanna felt flustered. Her face flushed, she hurriedly explained, "Mr. Yannick, you’ve got the wrong idea. It’s not like what you think." 
"Alright, alright, I get it," Yannick spoke with the tone of someone experienced, his laughter oozed mischief, "Since you and Ashton are busy, I won’t disturb you. Tell Ashton for me, Ms. Rebecca is coming back to the country tomorrow and will arrive in Closia at 10:30 in the morning. If he has time, he should pick her up." 
"I’ll send him the flight details later." 
"Right, we’re having a gathering tomorrow night, a welcome party for Ms. Rebecca. You should come along too, Sister-in-law. We brothers all want to meet you." 
"Yeah, yeah. Sister-in-law, come with Ashton tomorrow night. All of us are bringing our partners, but before Ashton had no one to bring. Now that he’s got you, surely he can’t keep hiding you from us." 
Another man had joined Yannick, also calling her "Sister-in-law". 
He sounded like a young man too. 
Joanna’s face burned under their enthusiasm, but she couldn’t resist their invitation. Blushing, she agreed: "Okay, I’ll tell him later." 
Once the call ended. 
Joanna Lawrence touched her still-flushed cheeks, wondering about the Ms. Rebecca that Yannick had mentioned. She felt somewhat curious. 
She was interested in seeing what kind of person this Ms. Rebecca was. 
After all, to be the only female friend at Ashton Heath’s side, she must be a very outstanding girl. 
Not long after she ended the call, she heard a knock on the door. 
Thinking of Ashton’s instructions, she quickly walked to the door and opened it. 
Cody Aberton was standing at the door with several bags of clothes. When he saw her, he respectfully greeted her: "Ms. Joanna." 
Joanna Lawrence gave him a slight nod. 
"These are some clothes that Mr. Ashton ordered. Please take them to him." As he spoke, Cody Aberton tried to sneak a peek into the room. 
Although he didn’t see his boss, he heard the vague sound of running water from somewhere. 
And seeing the lingering blush on Ms. Joanna’s face, Cody Aberton couldn’t help but imagine.
###Chapter 135: Chapter 137: What Are You Afraid Of?
In the hallway, Cody Aberton checked his watch—barely eleven o'clock. He coughed slightly, adjusting his collar. As a professional, he understood the intensity of newlyweds, especially when one of them was as formidable as Ashton Heath. If he had a partner as striking as Joanna, he reflected, perhaps his own focus would be equally difficult to maintain.
Joanna, catching the subtle, knowing look on Cody’s face as she took the garment bag, felt a wave of heat rise to her cheeks. She knew exactly what he was assuming, and no amount of explanation would clarify that their reality was far more complex than a simple romantic encounter.

Ten minutes later.
The sound of the shower ceased. Joanna was hanging the last of the formal wear in the wardrobe when Ashton’s voice drifted from the steam-filled bathroom—sexy, resonant, and carrying a slightly hoarse, magnetic edge.
“Joanna, come here for a moment.”
Assuming he simply needed the fresh change of clothes, Joanna approached the door and knocked softly. “Ashton, the clothes are here. Open the door slightly and I’ll hand them to you.”
With a decisive click, the door swung open. A cloud of warm, scented steam billowed out, carrying the crisp fragrance of mint and sandalwood. Joanna instinctively looked away, extending the bag toward the opening. “Here. You should get dressed.”
“What are you so cautious of?” Ashton’s voice was a low, husky vibration near her ear. “I thought we had moved past these barriers.”
Before she could respond, his hand—warm and firm—settled around her wrist. With a gentle but unyielding movement, he guided her into the room. Joanna gasped as she found herself within the intimate, humid atmosphere of the bathroom, her shoulder brushing against the solid, radiating warmth of his chest.
The air was thick with pheromones and the lingering scent of his shower gel. Joanna felt a fleeting sense of dizziness, though whether from the heat or his sudden proximity, she couldn't be sure. Beneath her hand, which had landed defensively on his chest, she could feel the powerful, rhythmic thrum of his heart. It was a fast, steady beat that seemed to mirror her own quickened pulse.
Ashton’s arm circled her waist, drawing her into a firm embrace. He used his other hand to gently tilt her chin upward, forcing her to meet a gaze that was dark, burning, and filled with an undisguised focus.
“You seem remarkably tense, Joanna,” he murmured, his voice dropping to an intimate register. “What is it that truly concerns you?”
Joanna felt like a creature caught in a sudden light, her eyes wide and tensed against the intensity of his focus. She didn't realize that in her wariness, she possessed a vulnerability that was far more captivating than any calculated charm. It stirred a protective, almost possessive instinct in him—one that threatened to overwhelm his usual iron discipline.
###Chapter 136: Chapter 138: Her tears can make him lose control instantly
Ashton looked down at her, his dark eyes tracing the delicate lines of her face. He remembered the night their paths had first crossed—a night defined by chaos and an unexpected, visceral connection. Looking at her now, the urge to bridge the distance between them was almost physical.
“Ashton Heath...” Joanna whispered, her heart skipping a beat as she sensed the shift in the air. The gravity of his gaze was undeniable; he looked at her not just as a partner, but as the center of his world.
Panic flared briefly as she realized the intimacy of their situation. He was draped only in a towel, his skin still damp, and the atmosphere in the small room was charged with a heavy, magnetic tension. She felt as if she were being observed by someone who saw through every one of her defenses.
“Please,” she murmured, her hands pressing lightly against him to create a sliver of space. “Let me go.”
But the request was lost in the narrowing distance. Ashton leaned down, his lips meeting hers in a kiss that was deep, focused, and filled with a silent, searing intensity. It wasn't a casual gesture; it was a definitive claim. The heat of the contact seemed to radiate through her, leaving her breathless and disoriented.
The kiss deepened, his hands supporting her with a strength that was both firm and incredibly careful. As he moved his focus to the curve of her neck, his voice was a barely intelligible murmur against her skin. “Joanna... baby...”
Joanna felt her resolve softening under the weight of his affection. She leaned against him, her face flushed, her eyes hazy with a mixture of confusion and a dawning, restless emotion. “Ashton... you said... you promised to wait.”
Hearing the slight tremor in her voice, Ashton paused. He lifted his head, his eyes dark with a desire he was struggling to contain. He cupped her face in his large hands, his thumbs tracing the line of her cheekbones. The sight of her—flushed, breathless, and looking to him for a decision—was almost his undoing.
He didn't stop, but the nature of the kiss changed, becoming a slower, more deliberate exploration of their connection. Joanna felt as if the oxygen in the room had been replaced by his presence alone. It was overwhelming, a sensory inundation that left her mind blank.
She struggled to find her voice as she looked up into his dark, searching eyes. “Ashton, let me catch my breath,” she whispered, her voice carrying a soft, rhythmic pant. “You said... we would take this at a pace I could manage.”
Ashton watched her for a long moment, the intensity in the room slowly settling into a heavy, expectant quiet. He realized then that while his desire was absolute, his respect for her boundaries was the one thing that still held him in check.
###Chapter 137: Chapter 139: He Can’t Help but Mind
She writhed and struggled in his embrace. 
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, and his hand gripping her waist tightened, almost crushing it. "Baby, don’t move. Do you want me to take you right here in the bathroom?" 
The soft, fragrant body of the young girl twisted and turned in his arms, stirring his desire greatly. 
He was on the verge of losing control and wanting to take her right then and there. 
His voice was low and hoarse. 
He also struggled to catch his breath while speaking. 
With teary eyes, Joanna Lawrence lifted her head and saw the extremely handsome man wearing an expression of utmost restraint on his face. 
He pursed his lips, and beads of sweat fell from his forehead. 
Slowly, they slid from his forehead to his tall and prominent nose... 
His adam’s apple bobbed up and down several times as he panted. 
This scene of extreme abstinence yet tormented by desire was incredibly sexy and enticing... 
Especially seeing his slightly painful expression due to his restraint, Joanna felt her mouth go dry as she stared at him. 
The man before her was filled with an alluring aura from head to toe. 
His godlike face, explosively sexy physique, and the movement of his adam’s apple as he swallowed... 
Everything about him made one’s hormones surge. 
Gazing at him, Joanna thought of how a man of such self-restraint would lose control for her, and she felt a touch of delight and triumph in her heart. 
It felt like her vanity as a woman had been greatly satisfied. 
"Baby, be good and don’t move," Ashton whispered into her hair, taking deep breaths, his voice husky. "Just let me hold you like this for a while, just a little longer." 
Joanna was held tightly in his arms, their bodies pressing close together. 
As he spoke, she felt his desire stirring, and immediately became petrified in his embrace, not daring to move at all. 
The deep, sexy sound of his panting lingered in her ear for about a minute, as Ashton held her tightly, neither of them moving. 
After a moment, his breathing gradually steadied.
The arm that had bound her waist slowly loosened its grip. 
"Baby..." His voice was still hoarse as he slowly lifted his head, cupping her delicate, rosy face in his hand. He touched his forehead to hers, gently rubbing against her. "Are you still not ready? Do you remember what I said? I’ll give you a week before making your decision. There are two days left now, and I hope you can adjust your mindset as soon as possible. I don’t want you to continue resisting me after a week." 
"I want us to be a real married couple, not just in name." 
After finishing, he rubbed his forehead against hers again, his large hand stroking her tender cheek twice. "My patience has its limits, and I don’t want to force you. Do you understand what I mean?" 
He had always wanted her very much. 
This desire for her intensified even more after seeing David Benington today. 
Although he knew that she and David would never be together again, the thought of their relationship having progressed to the point of discussing marriage and their special bond of knowing each other for ten years filled him with inevitable jealousy. 
David was her childhood sweetheart. 
He was also her first lover. 
And he was the man she almost married. 
Had it not been for David’s affair, she would have been happily waiting to become Mrs. Benington. Her husband would have been a man named David Benington, not him, Ashton Heath. 
Just thinking about these things made it impossible for him not to care.
###Chapter 138: Chapter 140: He Has Already Shown Her Great Respect
She had a fiancé she had feelings for ten years, and it was impossible to forget about ten years of relationship in an instant. 
Even if she appeared indifferent, deep down in her heart, she couldn’t possibly have no feelings for David Benington anymore. 
And what about David Benington? 
Men understand each other better and more profoundly than women do. 
With just one glance, he could tell that David was still thinking about her. 
If she happened to still be unable to forget her previous relationship, the two might reconcile at any time. 
A nominal marriage only could not make him feel reassured. 
Only by making her completely his could he feel a little more at ease. 
Joanna looked at the man’s deep, passionate eyes filled with desire, her heartbeat quickened, and she nervously swallowed. 
Just as she was about to say something, the man held her face, lightly kissed her forehead with restraint, and whispered softly, "Alright, you can go now. Baby, think carefully about what I’ve said; I’m a normal man, it’s hard to hold back like this. A week’s time is enough for you to adjust your state of mind." 
* 
Joanna came out of the bathroom, her cheeks still flushed. 
Her heartbeat had not yet calmed down. 
She was still thinking about what Ashton Heath had said. 
Obviously, he was reminding her that he could only endure not touching her for two more days at most.
When the week was over, he wouldn’t hold back like this anymore. 
So, in the last two days, she should be prepared for what’s coming. 
Actually, he had already shown her a great deal of respect. 
Knowing that she hadn’t adjusted to their relationship yet, he gave her a week’s time. 
Though enduring such hardships, he withstood and didn’t touch her. 
He could have chosen not to be like this. 
If he insisted on doing that with her under their existing agreement, she couldn’t refuse. 
The image of Ashton Heath’s deep eyes filled with desire flashed through Joanna’s mind, causing her heart to beat faster. In her blurred memory, the domineering man who took her innocence had stared at her with the same gaze. 
Thinking about that night and the man, Joanna clenched her fists, feeling a bit apprehensive. 
According to Zack, Ashton Heath had never been with other women before. 
So, he should still be a...virgin? 
Although they had only been married for a few days, and she didn’t know him very well, she could see that he had a certain obsession with cleanliness in both his life and relationships. 
Could he accept that she was no longer a virgin? 
If he found out that he had married a non-virgin, would he be angry, disappointed, or even despise her for being unclean? 
As her mind was in turmoil, she heard the phone ringing. 
It was Ashton Heath’s phone ringing. 
Joanna walked over, saw the screen showing the name "Rebecca Kelloway." 
Having been informed about her by Denver Lancaster earlier, Joanna was no longer unfamiliar with the name. 
Thinking of Yannick Luther asking her to pass along his message earlier, Joanna guessed that Ms. Rebecca was most likely calling to say she was coming back tomorrow. 
The phone rang for the third time. 
As Joanna was about to hand the phone to Ashton, she heard the bathroom door being opened with a "click." 
Ashton Heath, dressed in a bathrobe, came out from inside. 
He wore a pure black silk bathrobe, revealing a portion of his strong, seductive chest. His damp hair still dripping water, droplets rolled down his forehead, sliding down the bridge of his high nose, and landing on his sexy thin lips...
###Chapter 139: Chapter 141: Rebecca Kelloway, I Got Married
His robe was loosely tied at the waist, as if it would come undone at any moment, revealing the sexy and tantalizing figure beneath that could make anyone’s nose bleed. 
He’s the type of man who looks thin when dressed but is muscular when undressed. 
Seeing those tight, strong muscles, Joanna Lawrence’s eyes widened. 
She knew Ashton Heath had a good figure. 
But she didn’t expect...his figure to be this good. 
As he walked, those muscles rippling beneath his skin were simply...sexy and enticing to the point of explosion. 
It was only when the man came to stand before her, lifting her chin while looking at her teasingly, that Joanna suddenly snapped back to reality. 
"Baby," his voice was low and seductive, "Do you want me to take off my clothes so you can have a good look?" 
Boom! 
Joanna’s fair face turned instantly red. 
"Cough cough cough." She coughed violently, "No, no need." 
"Are you sure?" The man’s handsome face was magnified in front of her eyes, and he asked teasingly, "Really don’t want to look? I might change my mind later." 
Joanna: "...I’m sure!" 
As she met the man’s dark eyes that seemed to be smiling, Joanna’s face flushed hot, and she quickly averted her gaze and changed the subject: "Um, someone called you. Aren’t you going to answer the phone?" 
Only then did Ashton Heath seem to hear his phone ringing. 
He hooked the corner of his lips, slowly took back his gaze, glanced at the constantly ringing phone, picked it up, and answered. 
A cheerful voice immediately came through the phone, with a hint of coquettishness: "Ashton, why did it take you so long to answer the phone? What are you doing?" 
"Just took a shower." Ashton glanced at Joanna standing beside him and said calmly, "What’s up?" 
"Can’t I call you if there’s nothing wrong?" The woman seemed a bit displeased, but her tone was still soft, not really meaning to complain, "You’re such a guy. If I don’t call you, you never think to call me." 
Ashton frowned and replied indifferently, "Since you have nothing to say, I’ll hang up." 
"Wait!" The woman sounded a bit annoyed and hurriedly said, "Don’t hang up, I have something to ask you." 
"What is it?" 
Without waiting for the woman to speak, Ashton reached out and pulled Joanna into his arms, lowered his head, and gently kissed her cheek, his voice tender: "Baby, help me blow dry my hair. The hairdryer is in the bathroom, go and get it." 
Joanna raised her head, looked at his still wet hair, and nodded: "Alright, wait a moment, I’ll go get the hairdryer." 
"Mhm." Ashton kissed her face gently again before letting her go. 
As Joanna headed to the bathroom for the hairdryer, a doubtful and surprised voice came over from the woman on the other end of the phone: "Ashton, who were you just talking to? Is there a woman with you?!" 
"Yes." Ashton found a place to sit down, slightly curled his lips and said, "Rebecca Kelloway, I am married now. That was my wife just now." 
After at least a minute of silence. 
The woman’s voice came again: "When did you start enjoying jokes like this?" 
Ashton was taken aback, his brows slightly furrowed, and his tone unusually solemn and serious: "It’s not a joke. Besides, you know me, when have I ever enjoyed joking about such things?" 
Another whole minute of silence. 
"Why so suddenly? Didn’t you say you weren’t interested in any woman? Were you forced into an arranged marriage by Mr. Rowlett and Madam White, so..."
###Chapter 140: Chapter 142: Ashton, is she really that great?
"No." Ashton Heath interrupted her with a deep voice, "No one can force me to do something I don’t want to do. It’s my own choice." 
"Do you like her then?" The woman’s voice trembled slightly, "Weren’t you unable to touch women? Is your condition better now?" 
"She’s an exception." Ashton Heath rubbed his temples, looking at the girl coming out of the bathroom with a hairdryer, the corners of his lips deepening a smile, "I can touch her." 
"So you married her just because of that?" 
"Yes, but not entirely." 
"Ashton...marriage is not a game; you shouldn’t be casual about it..." 
"That’s enough." The woman’s advice made Ashton Heath show a hint of impatience, and his tone chilled, "I know how to handle my own affairs. Is there anything else?" 
There was silence for a few seconds before the woman’s voice became a bit hoarse: "I’ll be back in the country tomorrow, arriving in Closia at 10:30 in the morning. Can you pick me up?" 
Joanna Lawrence walked to Ashton Heath’s side with a hairdryer in hand. 
Just as she plugged in the hairdryer, the man pulled her into his arms. 
She was pressed to sit on his lap, and his powerful arm wrapped around her waist, pinching her soft flesh before speaking to the woman on the other end of the phone, "I have an important meeting tomorrow morning. I’ll have Grady and Frank pick you up." 
"What meeting is so important? Is it more important than me?" the woman complained dissatisfiedly. 
"Rebecca, you’re not a child, don’t be capricious." 
"Humph, if it was your wife coming back, wouldn’t you pick her up?" 
Wife? 
Ashton Heath lowered his gaze to the girl in his arms and met Joanna’s shining black eyes. His lips curved up, and his tone softened by a notch, "Of course not. If it was her, I’d put everything aside to pick her up." 
"..." 
After a few seconds, the woman’s voice rang again, seemingly with a challenging tone, "Ashton, is she that good?" 
Ashton Heath: "Yes." 
"Alright, it doesn’t matter if you don’t pick me up. You’ll have time to come to the welcome dinner in the evening, right? Bring your newlywed wife, too? We all agreed before that when one of us finds a partner, we’d introduce them to the group." 
"I’ll ask her." Ashton Heath moved the phone a bit away and stroked the girl’s head in his arms, with a grin, "Rebecca is coming back, and Grady and the others have arranged a welcome dinner for her tomorrow night. Will you go with me?" 
"They said they want to meet you."
Another day, and it would be the weekend. 
Joanna was free tomorrow night. 
She thought about it and asked, "Is it okay for me to go? Will it interfere with you guys?" 
"There’s nothing inconvenient about it. They’ve been my friends for years, and they’re curious about you since they heard we got married. They’ve been clamoring to meet you. Joanna, not only do you need to try to accept me after marrying me, but you also need to gradually integrate into my social circle." 
"I want to introduce you to my friends as soon as possible." 
Joanna was silent for a few seconds before nodding gently, "Alright then, I’ll go." 
For her, Ashton Heath’s approach was actually a kind of recognition. 
He truly considered her his wife, which is why he was willing to introduce her to his best friends. 
If she refused, he would surely be angry. 
When he saw her nod, the man curled the corner of his lips and gently rubbed her head before replying to the woman on the other end of the phone, "I’ll bring her tomorrow night. You all behave then; she’s timid, so don’t scare her. If there’s nothing else, I’ll hang up now."
###Chapter 141: Chapter 142: Has He Gone Mad?
After he finished talking, Ashton Heath hung up the phone. 
He tossed his phone aside, his arms encircling the young girl in his embrace. His chiseled jaw rested on the top of her head, rubbing gently. "Rebecca Kelloway is quite laid-back. She may seem bad-tempered at first, but she’s actually a very warmhearted person. As for Grady and Sean Parker, they’re known for their boisterous behavior. They have a bad reputation and don’t seem like good people in the eyes of ordinary folks, but really, they’re just a bit careless in their personal lives. They’re not evil-hearted." 
"Grady is quite a character. And Sean Parker, well, he has a bit of a temper and some strange quirks. If he bothers you, feel free to ignore him."
"All in all, you’re my girl and my wife. No matter what kind of people they are, they won’t dare to get out of line in front of you. You can rest assured." 
Ashton Heath was giving Joanna Lawrence a heads-up about what was to come. 
Those brats, indeed, were not the best kind of people. 
He was well aware of their characters, but his little lamb was not. 
Joanna silently listened, then obediently nodded, "Okay, I got it. Tomorrow evening, I’ll stay right by your side, and won’t go anywhere else. Is that okay?" 
Ashton Heath pinched her chin, leaning down to peck her lips, "Good girl." 
* 
On the other end of the world, in Petersburg. 
Rebecca Kelloway clenched her phone, her brow furrowed in worry. 
She scrolled through her contacts to find Yannick Luther’s number and dialed his mobile number. 
After two rings, Yannick Luther’s languid voice came through the line. "Ms. Rebecca, why are you calling me again? Missing me so soon? I bet your longing for me is like torrential river water, ceaseless and unending. You’re probably so smitten that you can’t extricate yourself. Even so, try to hold back for now, we’ll meet tomorrow. If you really miss me that much, I can video call you, would you like that?" 
Listening to his casual humor, Rebecca Kelloway’s frown deepened, "I’m not thinking about you at all! Grady, I’m not in the mood for joking around. There’s something I want to ask you, and you need to be honest." 
"So serious?" Yannick Luther was still grinning, "What’s up?" 
Rebecca Kelloway bit her lip, hesitating for a second before asking, "Do you know that Ashton is getting married?" 
"You mean that?" Yannick Luther seemed to be taken back, his tone slightly more serious, "Did he tell you himself?" 
"Yes," Rebecca Kelloway closed her eyes, a shadow passing through them, "Although he told me himself, I still can’t believe it’s true. You know how he feels about women. How could he suddenly get married?" 
"He wouldn’t treat his own marriage lightly." 
After listening to her, Yannick Luther was silent for a moment before responding, "I’m not quite sure what’s going on, but the marriage is definitely happening. You know Ashton, he wouldn’t joke about such matters." 
"The bride sounds quite young, like an adorable girl. Ashton mentioned she’s still a student and very innocent. I don’t know more than that." 
"A student?" Rebecca Kelloway was taken aback. 
"Yes, a student." 
"Has Ashton lost his mind?" Rebecca Kelloway took a deep breath, her face slightly pale, "He actually chose a student? Do Lady Octavia and Sir Darren know about this?" 
"I don’t know about that. But I heard that Lady Octavia wants to arrange a match between Ashton and the Vane family’s daughter. Most likely, they are not aware of Ashton’s marriage."
###Chapter 142: Chapter 143: Is everything already too late?
"Has he really gone mad?" Rebecca Kelloway fumed, "He kept such a big matter like marriage a secret from the entire family." 
"Rebecca," Yannick Luther’s tone suddenly became serious, speaking with a rare sincerity, "Ashton is not like us; he is someone who has a very clear plan for his life’s direction. Whatever he does, it’s not impulsive, and it’s not a casual decision." 
"I believe he has his reasons for doing this." 
"Also..." Yannick paused for a few seconds before continuing, "I can feel that Ashton treasures that woman a lot. So, if you meet her tomorrow night, whether you like her or not, don’t let it show in front of Ashton." 
Rebecca clenched her fingers and pressed her lips together without speaking. 
Yannick sighed gently, "I’ve said it before; if you really have feelings for Ashton, you should have told him. Now... he’s already married. Sigh, what are you thinking?" 
Listening to Yannick’s sigh, Rebecca felt as if her heart was being cut. 
Her eyes misted, and she bit her lip, unable to say anything. 
Was it already too late?
She had liked him for more than twenty years. 
From the moment she saw him, she had loved him. 
The more she loved him, the more afraid she was of losing him. 
She was scared that confessing her love would make it impossible for them to even stay friends. 
But now... 
It seems as if she had completely lost the chance to confess her feelings, and had completely... lost her love. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence thought that having another person in the room would make her uncomfortable and unable to sleep. 
But actually, she fell asleep quite quickly. 
The lights were turned off, and everything was quiet. 
In the darkness, both of their breathing sounds were very clear. 
Lying in bed, listening to the other person’s breathing, she did not feel uncomfortable. Instead, she felt at ease. 
She felt more secure than at any other time. 
But when she thought about having Ashton Heath sleep on the ground bed, she felt guilty. 
She guessed... this might be the first time in his life he had slept on the ground. 
She wondered if he was very disturbed by it... 
Even though it was summer and sleeping on the ground wouldn’t make too much of a difference, it still made her slightly uncomfortable to let the esteemed Young Master Ashton sleep on the ground. 
"Ashton Heath..." 
She moved to the edge of the bed, speaking softly, "Are you asleep yet?" 
The man responded instantly, "Not yet." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
After waiting for a while and not hearing her speak again, the man’s magnetic, alluring voice lingered in the darkness, "Baby, are you asleep?" 
This time, Joanna instantly replied, "No." 
Ashton acknowledged softly and then asked, "Do you have something to say?" 
Joanna hesitated for a few seconds, gripping the corner of her blanket as she asked softly, "Is it uncomfortable sleeping on the ground? Are you not used to it?" 
The man did not answer her right away. 
Instead, he was silent for a moment before replying, "Hmm, not used to it." 
Joanna was taken aback. 
As expected... he wasn’t used to it, was he? 
She tugged on the blanket in her hand and bit the corner of her lip, whispering, "Is this your first time sleeping on the ground?" 
"Yeah." 
Even though she had guessed it was his first time sleeping on the ground, hearing his confirmation made her feel even more guilty. 
"Actually, I can go sleep on the couch." 
Although the small sofa in the Living Room was not suitable for him, it would be suitable for her to sleep on.
###Chapter 143: Chapter 144: Can You Behave Properly?
She could sleep on the sofa, and he could sleep in the bed, this issue would be perfectly resolved. 
But he... insisted on being in the same room as her. 
This made things difficult. 
Joanna didn’t quite believe that he could only fall asleep this way. 
She wasn’t a sleeping pill, after all. 
The lights in the room were off, the curtains drawn, it was pitch dark, and they could hardly see their hands in front of them. 
Joanna couldn’t see his expression, but from his voice, she could guess that he was frowning while talking: "How could I let my woman sleep on the sofa while I sleep in the bed? Baby, you can say it, but I can’t do it. There, just sleep well, don’t worry about me." 
"But..." 
"Baby, if you really care about me, let me sleep in the bed. Of course, if you’re still worried that I won’t be able to control myself and want you, then just forget what I said." 
Joanna clutched the small blanket, biting her lip and hesitating for a moment before wavering, "Then can you promise me that you’ll behave?" 
"I can’t." 
"..." 
"Baby, if a man can still behave when the woman he likes is lying next to him in the same bed, you shouldn’t worry about whether or not he’ll touch you but whether his physiological functions are normal." 
"..." 
"I can only promise not to go all the way with you. But I definitely won’t be able to resist holding you, kissing you, or making even more intimate moves." 
"..." 
Joanna’s face flushed with heat, warmth emanating from her pores. 
He was... simply too honest now, wasn’t he? 
What could she say to that? 
Couldn’t he just lie to deceive her a little? 
For a moment, they were silent.
The room became quiet once again. 
All one could hear was the ticking of the second hand on the wall clock, and the shallow breathing of the two people in the room. 
After three or four minutes of silence, 
Joanna finished her struggle, turned her head, and softly called out, "Ashton Heath." 
"Hmm?" 
The man hadn’t fallen asleep yet, as he immediately responded to her. 
Joanna, holding the corner of the blanket, her face blushing, said, "Come sleep on the bed." 
A few seconds later, the man spoke again: "What about you?" 
"Uh, this bed is quite large." Joanna pursed her lips, somewhat shyly, "It’s no problem sleeping two people, we can just sleep on opposite sides. If you don’t like sleeping this way, you can also..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, a shadow flashed in front of her eyes, and the other side of the bed sunk down a bit. 
The small blanket in her hand was also snatched away at the same time. 
Before she could react, a strong, powerful arm wrapped around her waist and pulled her into a warm, hot embrace. 
The man’s domineering and refreshing scent filled her nostrils. 
Ashton Heath held her tightly in his arms, covering their bodies with the blanket. 
Apparently frightened, the girl in his arms struggled once, her weak and delicate voice trembling like a little kitten, with a touch of panic, "Ashton Heath, let me go..." 
"Don’t move, Baby." 
Due to her squirming, the lust he had barely suppressed earlier began to rise inside him again. 
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, tightened his arm around her waist, and spoke with restrained and enduring hoarseness: "I just want to hold you while we sleep, nothing else. But if you keep twisting around in my arms, I won’t be able to restrain myself."
###Chapter 144: Chapter 145: It’s Unexpected, and Also a Pleasant Surprise
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, his arm around her waist tightening, his hoarse and deep voice filled with restraint and forbearance: "I just want to hold you while we sleep and do nothing else. But if you keep squirming in my arms, I won’t be able to help myself." 
In an instant, Joanna Lawrence was so frightened that she lay quietly in his arms, not daring to move again. 
Above her head, the man’s breathing was initially rapid, but after a minute, it gradually steadied. 
A gentle kiss fell lightly on her forehead. 
Ashton Heath tightened his arm, breathing in the delicate and quiet fragrance of the young girl’s hair and closed his eyes contentedly: "Baby, sleep." 
Her scent made him completely relaxed. 
In the past, before falling asleep, he would always feel particularly irritable, anxious, and restless. 
Every nerve in his brain would be tightly stretched. 
Falling asleep every night was like fighting with another self within his body. 
No matter if he won or lost, he would finally be dragged into that dark world. 
It was a world where no light could be seen, and the only thing in sight was boundless darkness. 
Every time he woke up and returned to reality, he felt extremely exhausted. 
Physically and mentally exhausted. 
He had seen doctors, both domestic and foreign; the best psychologists in the world had treated him, but he still couldn’t escape the nightmare that had plagued him for more than twenty years. 
Eventually, he had given up. 
He was prepared to be tormented for the rest of his life. 
And then, at this moment, Joanna Lawrence appeared. 
To him, she was unexpected, a surprise, and more so, a lifebuoy found by someone drowning in water. 
She was his savior... 
If he hadn’t met her, he would have just muddled through life. 
But now that she had appeared in his life and he had discovered her, he could never let go, no matter what. 
* 
The next day. 
When Joanna Lawrence woke up, the space next to her was empty. 
She rubbed her eyes and sat up, picking up her phone to check it, and saw several text messages from Ashton Heath. 
Ashton Heath: Baby, I’ve gone to the office. Seeing you sleep so soundly, I couldn’t bear to wake you up. 
Ashton Heath: I will pick you up tonight, wait for me. 
Ashton Heath: I asked Cody to buy breakfast for you all. Eat your breakfast after you wake up and then go to class. 
After reading the three text messages, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but smile, feeling warmth in her heart. 
He really cared for her, even preparing breakfast for her. 
She hooked her lips and happily sent him a message: Mm, I know. Remember to eat breakfast too. 
After sending the message, Ashton Heath didn’t reply immediately. 
After sending the message, Joanna Lawrence tossed her phone aside and went to the bathroom to wash up. 
When she finished washing up and picked up her phone again, Ashton Heath still hadn’t replied to her. 
She didn’t mind much. 
He must be very busy early in the morning, still working on his business matters. 
He probably didn’t see her message, or he saw it but didn’t have time to reply temporarily. 
* 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence walked out of the bedroom, she heard a knock on the door. 
She walked to the door, opened it, and saw Cody Aberton standing outside, dressed in a suit. 
Cody was holding a few bags in his hand. Seeing her, he respectfully called out: "Ms. Joanna." 
He handed the bags to Joanna Lawrence: "Ms. Joanna, these are the breakfast items Mr. Ashton specifically asked me to buy for you.
###Chapter 145: Chapter 146: Mr. Ashton says, breakfast is a must
"I didn’t know what Ms. Joanna likes, so I bought a little bit of everything. If it’s not to your taste, you can tell me what you like and I’ll go buy it," 
Joanna Lawrence took the food with a smile and said to Cody Aberton, "Thank you, Cody. I’m not picky – I can eat anything." 
Cody also smiled, "Mr. Ashton asked me to relay a message to you." 
"What is it?" 
"He said not to forget about breakfast. It’s important to have it." 
Joanna was stunned, and her heart felt sweet. 
She pursed her lips and nodded with a sweet smile, "Yes, I’ll eat it." 
"Well, if Ms. Joanna doesn’t have any other requests, I’ll take my leave first." 
"Alright, you can go." 
Cody bowed slightly before leaving. 
As soon as he left, the door to another bedroom opened. 
Aria Rowlett rubbed her eyes, looking sleepy. She yawned while walking towards Joanna, "Baby, did someone come by just now? I heard knocking." 
"Yes, one of Ashton Heath’s assistants brought us breakfast. After you freshen up, come and have breakfast." 
Joanna took the food out of the bag one by one. 
The dining table wasn’t very big. 
The heap of breakfast that Cody bought almost filled the entire table. 
He really did buy some of everything. 
There were Small Steamed Buns, Oceanic Rice Stew, doughnuts and coffee, as well as bread, milk, and other things. 
The two of them couldn’t possibly finish it all. 
"Wow, such an extravagant breakfast?" 
Aria was drawn by the smell of the food, her nose twitching as she ran over. 
Looking at the full table, her eyes brightened, excitedly saying, "Wow, Timberland House’s steamed buns! And Orchid Pavilion’s Oceanic Rice Stew! And Memories Cafe’s bread and cakes! These breakfasts are all so expensive! This meal is so luxurious." 
"Baby, did the heartthrob prepare all this for us?" 
"Yes," Joanna nodded and casually pulled out a chair to sit down. She handed a fork to Aria, "Sit down and eat. If you like it, eat more." 
Anyway, she felt that the two of them wouldn’t be able to finish this breakfast. 
She would have to tell Ashton later not to be so wasteful next time. 
These breakfast items from these shops are all expensive! 
What they didn’t eat would be thrown away. 
Wasting so much valuable food would make her feel so guilty! 
Aria pulled out a chair next to Joanna and sat down. She took a Small Steamed Bun and bit into it gently. The delicious broth inside the bun flowed out and was so good that she almost swallowed her tongue. 
She closed her eyes with satisfaction, "Indeed, expensive is different. This is the best steamed bun I’ve ever had!" 
"Then eat more." Joanna picked up another steamed bun and placed it in Aria’s bowl. 
Aria was completely drawn by the delicious food and had no time to care about anything else. 
After finishing a Small Steamed Bun, she suddenly seemed to remember something and raised her head abruptly, "Right, where’s the heartthrob? Why haven’t we seen him?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Aria, your reflexes are a bit slow, aren’t they? 
It’s only now that you’re thinking about your heartthrob? 
It seems that no matter how good the heartthrob is, he still can’t compete with the delicious steamed buns. 
"He left a long time ago." Joanna took a sip of milk and found it was still warm. It must have been heated just before it was brought over.
###Chapter 146: Chapter 147: Countless Times Better Than Scumbag David
She wasn’t sure if Ashton Heath had instructed it to be done this way, or if Cody Aberton had done it himself. 
Anyway, she thought it was quite considerate and thoughtful of them. 
"Has the heartthrob left already?" Aria Rowlett was confused for a moment, then asked, "So, these breakfasts are just for the two of us?" 
No, to be precise, they were prepared for Joanna Lawrence. 
Aria was just taking advantage of the meal. 
"Mhm." Joanna nodded, "So, we need to eat as much as we can, try not to leave too many leftovers." 
"The heartthrob left and is still thinking about your breakfast. Wow..." Aria sighed enviously, "Baby, he’s so thoughtful and caring towards you. You’re so lucky. I remember when you were dating David Benington, I didn’t see that scumbag being so considerate." 
"It turns out, you can tell how much a man loves you, cares about you, from the many little details. Heartthrob is so much better than scumbag David." 
Joanna’s hand, holding her cup, tightened. 
Her lips pursed and her expression stiffened for a moment, but she said nothing. 
Aria’s words were blunt. 
But they were also very true. 
Although Joanna had given up on David, she wouldn’t hold any more expectations, but that was still the man she once liked.
She can’t say she’d been deeply in love, but she had really liked him. 
Young love is often the most unforgettable. 
And it isn’t something that can be forgotten quickly. 
Aria finished criticizing David, turned her head, saw Joanna’s expression, and was stunned. She immediately apologized to her: "I’m sorry, Baby, my brain just short-circuited and I said something I shouldn’t have. I shouldn’t have..." 
How could she forget? 
Joanna and David had known each other for ten years, and David was Joanna’s first love. No matter how scumbag David became, he was still someone she once loved. 
It’s impossible for a ten-year relationship to have no feelings at all in an instant. 
Even if she was criticizing David now, those words would still hurt Joanna’s feelings. 
Sometimes, she could be so stupid, she wanted to slap herself. 
"It’s fine." Joanna was silent for a while, picked up her cup and took a sip of milk before giving a faint smile, "Actually, what you said is correct. You can tell a lot about someone from the little things. I thought it was because we had known each other for too long that our relationship became plain." 
"Now that I think about it, the signs of him cheating on me with Annie Lawrence were evident long ago. I just believed in him too much and didn’t want to consider that possibility." 
As a result, she was slapped hard by reality. 
Aria’s eyes were full of remorse, "Baby, let’s not think about those unhappy things. Anyway, you have the heartthrob doting on you and taking care of you now. If you think about it in another way, you two wouldn’t have gotten together if those things hadn’t happened. Replacing one scumbag for a heartthrob, such a great man, is always a gain no matter how you look at it. Alright, let’s not talk about this unhappy topic. Let’s talk about something else." 
"By the way, is Jeremy still in the hospital? How is his condition?" Aria changed the subject. 
As Joanna’s best friend and roommate, Aria knew about Jeremy Lawrence’s sudden heart attack and hospitalization. 
Speaking of Jeremy, Joanna’s brow furrowed slightly, "I called the hospital yesterday, and he’s temporarily stabilized."
###Chapter 147: Chapter 148: Humph, infuriating you all!
"That’s good." Aria Rowlett breathed a sigh of relief, "Tomorrow is the weekend, and I can go to the hospital to see Jeremy." 
"No need." Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment before saying, "Yesterday, the doctor told me that Jeremy would be discharged from the hospital tomorrow. Aren’t you going to take photos for an E-Bay store this week? When you’re free, I’ll invite Jeremy to have dinner together." 
"Okay." Aria didn’t insist, and said with a smile, "After this week, I can settle last month’s salary. When I get the money, I’ll treat you guys to dinner. I’ve said before that I’d treat you and the heartthrob, you guys better not look down on the place I choose to take you." 
* 
After breakfast, Joanna and Aria walked to class arm in arm. 
On the way, they met Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit. 
The two headed towards them, pausing when they saw them before putting on a cold face. 
Lillian stared at them with a sullen face, then let out a deep, cold laugh. 
Gretchen also sneered and then looked away, "Lillian, let’s go. We can’t afford to offend someone who now has connections." 
Both of them were holding a small notebook, likely going to submit their self-criticism reports to their counselor. 
"Yeah, we can’t afford it." Lillian let out another strange, cold laugh. "I heard that Moon Broadley is still being held at the police station. It wasn’t even that big of a deal, they should have been released long ago. Some people are just malicious, wanting to get others in deep trouble. Staying in such a place for even one day could drive someone crazy, and staying there for too long could even cause depression." 
"Well, who can we blame but Moon for not having strong connections like others." 
"As long as you know." Although Joanna didn’t react, Aria couldn’t stand their sarcastic remarks and sneered back, "If you think Moon is pitiful, you can go in there and accompany her. She would definitely be touched." 
"Aria Rowlett, it’s you again!" Lillian glared at her, grinding her teeth in anger, "What do you think you are, who do you think you are? You want to threaten us?!" 
Aria let out a cold laugh, but before she could speak, Joanna slowly said, "Aria’s intention is the same as mine. I’m known to be a malicious person, capable of doing anything. If you guys want to accompany Moon, I can make that happen." 
As soon as Joanna spoke, the two arrogant people’s faces suddenly changed. 
They just found out today that Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright were still being held at the police station. 
The Kelloway and Vane families tried to get them out through connections, but all failed. 
Not only that, but they also found out about Hook Group’s bankruptcy. 
Obviously, it was all orchestrated by Joanna’s new boyfriend. 
Even David Benington didn’t have the power to make Hook Group go bankrupt overnight. 
It shows that Joanna’s current boyfriend has even more influence than the Benington family. 
They absolutely couldn’t afford to provoke such a person. 
As much as they hated the situation, they had no choice but to be cautious. 
They could disregard Aria, but they didn’t dare confront Joanna head-on. 
No matter how unhappy they were, they could only grit their teeth and hold back their anger, not daring to say anything more. 
"Gretchen, let’s go!" 
Lillian glared at Joanna with hatred and walked past them with Gretchen. 
Aria made a face at their backs, "Hmm, that’ll show them!"
###Chapter 148: Chapter 149: A little strange coming
Joanna Lawrence stopped her and said with a smile, "That’s enough, Aria. Ignore them. Let’s go." 
Aria Rowlett nodded, turned around, and hooked her arm through Joanna’s, frowning as she sighed, " Women’s jealousy is really scary. Baby, I bet they all hate you so much right now. Be careful, I have a feeling they’re going to try something." 
Especially Lillian White. 
When they left, the way she stared at Joanna was kind of scary. 
* 
In the morning, there were few classes. It was just after ten o’clock, and Joanna Lawrence’s classes were finished. 
As soon as she walked out of the classroom, she received a phone call. 
"Ms. Joanna, this is Star Entertainment Film and Television Company. We have an upcoming TV series that needs a stand-in for the Female Lead 1. We think you would be suitable. Are you interested in this kind of job?" 
Joanna paused. 
After a few seconds of hesitation, she asked with confusion, "Star Entertainment Film and Television Company?" 
"Yes." 
"I don’t think I’ve submitted a personal résumé to your company." 
Joanna knew about Star Entertainment. 
They could be considered one of the larger film and television production companies in the industry. 
It had been a while since Joanna had taken on any work. 
There were very few filming crews working recently, and not many people could be seen around the Film and TV Studio— many first and second-tier actors were unoccupied, not to mention minor roles like hers. 
Her previous jobs were mainly introduced to her by a small studio, so she found it strange to suddenly receive a call from a big company like Star Entertainment. 
She had never interviewed at Star Entertainment nor submitted a résumé to them. How did they know her phone number? 
Before Joanna could figure it out, the person on the other end said, "A friend introduced you to me. Ms. Joanna, have you made a decision? We pay daily, and we’re sure you’ll be satisfied with the salary." 
Hearing this, Joanna didn’t give it much thought. 
After carefully considering, she replied, "I’m sorry, but I am not familiar with stand-in work." 
The person on the other end seemed to pause for a moment before asking several seconds later, "Ms. Joanna, does this mean you’re refusing?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "I’m sorry, but I don’t think I’m very suitable." 
If she hadn’t married Ashton Heath, she would definitely be short of money right now. 
Jeremy Lawrence’s surgery would cost several hundred thousand dollars, which required her to work hard to earn money. 
She wouldn’t have turned down this stand-in job. 
But now... 
She had a prestige card with a credit limit of several million dollars, so money was not a concern. She didn’t want to take on jobs that offered little growth in her career. 
Being a stand-in for someone was even less significant than her previous background character roles. 
At least as a background character, there were occasionally a few shots that offered her some exposure. 
As a stand-in, there was no exposure at all. 
"Ms. Joanna, have you finished considering?" 
"Yes." 
After a brief silence, the person on the line said, "Well, we won’t force you in that case. This phone number is my work number. Ms. Joanna, if you ever change your mind, feel free to call me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Alright." 
Aria Rowlett, who had walked out of the classroom with Joanna, asked, "Baby, was that call just now from Star Entertainment?" 
"Yeah." Joanna Lawrence lowered her head and glanced at the unknown number in her contact list, looking somewhat thoughtful. 
Star Entertainment’s call was somewhat strange. 
Although they said a friend had introduced her to them, Joanna still felt that something didn’t add up.
###Chapter 149: Chapter 150: Born to Eat the Entertainment Industry’s Bowl of Rice
She’s just a stand-in. 
There’s no need for people from Star Entertainment to call her personally. 
If they wanted to contact her, it should be the person who introduced her in the first place. 
What’s more, she has never taken a stand-in job before. 
She had made it clear a long time ago to the studio she always worked with that she wouldn’t take stand-in jobs. 
So, they wouldn’t introduce her as a stand-in without her request. 
She didn’t have time to think about it when she answered the phone earlier. 
Now that she thought about it, something seemed off. 
"Star Entertainment is a big company. They have many A-list celebrities. Have you ever auditioned for them?" 
"No." Joanna Lawrence shook her head, still looking puzzled. "They said there’s a TV series starting soon, and they want me to be the stand-in for Female Lead 1." 
"A stand-in?" Aria Rowlett frowned. "Didn’t you say you don’t take stand-in jobs?"
"Yeah." Joanna expressed her doubts. "That’s why I find it strange. I’ve never done stand-in work before, so I don’t know why someone would want me for that." 
Aria pondered for a moment, stepped forward, hooked her arm around Joanna’s shoulder, and walked with her. "I’ll ask around about any new Star Entertainment projects and who the female lead is. Anyway, it’s not a big deal, so you don’t have to keep worrying about it." 
"Alright." Joanna nodded. 
"Baby, can I ask you a question?" 
"Yeah, go ahead." 
Aria turned her head to look at Joanna, hesitated for a moment, and asked in a low voice, "Who is the heartthrob?" 
Joanna was stunned. 
There were no so-called "ground rules" between her and Ashton Heath. 
He never required her to keep his identity a secret. 
But he had never revealed his identity in public. 
And he had never accepted any media interviews. Many people knew that the Heath Group had a young CEO, but they didn’t know his name or what he looked like. 
From this perspective, he’s a very low-key person. 
He didn’t want too many people to know his real identity. 
Although Aria was her best friend, Joanna still hesitated whether she should tell her the real identity of Ashton Heath. 
Before she could decide, Aria spoke first, "If it’s not appropriate to say, then don’t. I don’t have to know. Baby, I just want to know if, with the heartthrob’s status, he can ensure your stability in the entertainment industry. If he can protect you, you can try auditioning for higher-profile roles instead of only accepting minor ones." 
"David Benington didn’t agree with you being in the entertainment industry before, so even though he had so many resources, he wouldn’t give them to you. That’s why you couldn’t become famous. After all, doing it by yourself is just too hard. But if the heartthrob doesn’t to your career and is willing to support you, as long as he ensures you won’t encounter any dirty deals, you’ll definitely become famous with your qualifications." 
Aria was speaking her sincere thoughts. 
Joanna was beautiful. 
She had the kind of beauty that made people feel comfortable and at ease. 
Her face was perfect for a "TV Female Lead." 
Aria always believed that Joanna’s appearance was perfect for working in the entertainment industry. 
Moreover, she had talent. 
What she lacked all this time was an opportunity to show her abilities.
###Chapter 150: Chapter 151: This is Really Outrageous!
The Benington family owns a media and entertainment company, with numerous artists under their banner, many of whom they have brought into the limelight. 
The company Annie Lawrence signed with is the Benington’s. 
But while David Benington might have sponsored Annie, he was unwilling to do the same for Joanna Lawrence. 
He justified it by saying he cared too much for Joanna; he didn’t want her to step into the sprawling melting pot of the entertainment industry because he intended to marry her someday. 
However, in the end, he had the audacity to cheat on Joanna with Annie. 
Now, David has officially taken over the family business, and Annie’s career is on fire. This pair, the two-faced man and woman, are both having the time of their lives, successful and effortless... 
Just thinking about it pisses me off. 
In terms of talent, our Baby surpasses Annie Lawrence many times over. If someone were willing to sponsor Baby, Baby would easily crush that innocent lotus, Annie. 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips, silent for a while. 
She understands all the reasons that Aria Rowlett has put forth, of course. 
She has earnestly thought about all this. 
Whether Ashton Heath supports her foray into the entertainment industry, she wasn’t sure. 
However... he has never opposed it either. 
She is aware that if he could become her backbone, all the worries she had would no longer be a problem. 
The Heath family is an entity that no one dares to cross. 
Ashton Heath has the absolute ability to protect her well. 
While she was in deep thought, her cell phone rang again. 
She picked it up and seeing the call was from the Lawrence’s, her face slightly darkened. She frowned and answered the call, "Hello." 
"Ms. Joanna." Caitlin’s voice was wrapped in sobs, "You need to come back quickly." 
Joanna’s heart immediately tightened, "What happened?" 
"Today...today Ms. Annie said that Mrs. Rose Lawrence’s room had good lighting and also faced the small flower garden. The air is quite good, she wants to move into Mrs. Rose Lawrence’s room." 
"What?!" 
Joanna’s expression swiftly changed, her face darkened, "She wants to move into Mom’s room? She’s dreaming! Does Dad know about this? What did he say?" 
Caitlin sobbed, "Sir Darren was against it at first. But Ms. Annie said she’s pregnant and a fortune teller advised her that the feng shui of her current bedroom is not suitable and doesn’t benefit the child she’s carrying. She insisted she has to move into Mrs. Lawrence’s room to safely give birth to the child." 
"Furthermore, Mr. David also persuaded Sir Darren to give in, so he... he agreed." 
"Right now, Ms. Annie is having her things sorted out, planning to move in today. Ms. Joanna, please come back quickly, that’s Mrs. Lawrence’s room after all. Sir Darren promised Mrs. Lawrence and you that after her death, her room would remain unchanged and apart from Ms. Joanna, no one is allowed to occupy that room." 
"Both Ms. Annie and Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence are well aware of this. It is truly unacceptable for them to act like this." 
Joanna’s face fell gradually. 
When she hung up the phone, her face had already turned extremely nasty. 
She was so angry that she almost smashed her phone on the ground. 
This was truly intolerable! 
Annie Lawrence stole David away, and that worthless man was not worth her dwelling over. She accepted that! 
However, her wanting to occupy Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence’s room is something Joanna Lawrence absolutely cannot tolerate! 
"Joanna, what happened?" Aria Rowlett seeing her like this, immediately asked with concern. 
"It’s nothing," Joanna clenched her fist and sneered, "Aria, I need to go home to deal with some affairs. If I can’t come back in the afternoon, please ask for leave on my
###Chapter 151: Chapter 152: Do you need me to go over?
"Going home? Back to the Lawrence family home?" 
"Yes." 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t help showing some worry in her eyes: "Joanna, do you need my help? I can go with you..." 
She knew a little about Joanna’s terrible family situation. 
After witnessing the shrewish and bullying behavior of her stepmother, Aria was not too reassured about letting Joanna go back alone. 
"No need, I can handle it myself. Don’t worry, I know my limits." 
Joanna patted Aria on the shoulder, gave her a reassuring expression, and quickly turned away and left. 
* 
She hailed a taxi after leaving the school gate. 
On the way back, Joanna thought for a moment and took out her phone to call Ashton Heath. 
She was outnumbered. 
Ever since the last big fight with Benjamin and Rose Liall, she hadn’t been home in a long time. 
Back when she used to go home once a week, the Lawrence household was already a home for Rose Liall’s mother and daughter, and with Benjamin, it was a happy family of three. 
It had nothing to do with her. 
This time, a full two months had passed since her last visit home. 
As she guessed, there was no place for her in the Lawrence family anymore. 
Apart from Caitlin, everyone else was on Rose Liall’s mother and daughter’s side. 
It was obvious that she would be at a disadvantage going back alone, and she wouldn’t be able to stop anything. 
Since she now had a wealthy and powerful husband, it was time to let him back her up, even if it meant thickening her skin and asking him for help. 
She would not be so foolish as to fight alone! 
The phone rang only once before it was picked up on the other end. 
"Baby, missing me?" The man’s seductive, deep voice came through the phone receiver, the sandpaper-like sound full of allure. 
"Ashton, are you busy right now?" After rolling down the window, Joanna took a deep breath, didn’t wait for him to say anything, and blurted out, "I need your help. I’m sorry to trouble you again, but this time I really need your help." 
There was no impatience in the man’s voice, only more concern: "Baby, where are you, and what kind of trouble have you encountered?" 
"I’m fine." Joanna gazed outside the window, at the buildings speeding by. She hesitated for a few seconds and then said, "I’m going home now, and there might be some trouble. So, I’d like to borrow some people from you." 
"I don’t need many, just five or six people." 
Last time, she saw first-hand how skilled Ashton’s bodyguards were. 
One could easily beat three or four ordinary people. 
Ashton didn’t even ask her what the matter was; he just agreed to help: "Okay, I’ll arrange for people to go there right away. Baby, are you sure you’re safe right now? Do you want me to come over?" 
Hearing his care and concern, Joanna felt warmth in her heart, which sweetened and dissipated her anger. She smiled faintly and said, "I’m safe, don’t worry. You just go about your work, don’t worry about me. I can handle everything on my own." 
Ashton was silent for a moment before he replied: "All right, just don’t try to be a hero. If you can’t solve it, call me, and I’ll come help you. Baby, you’re not alone now; you have me. No matter what you face, I’ll be with you." 
"Remember, your husband will always be the backup you can count on and rely on. Your current identity is the young lady of the Heath family; no one can mistreat you. If someone dares to, teach them a lesson with your current status."
###Chapter 152: Chapter 153: Even if you’re dead, it’s useless to care anymore.
Joanna Lawrence gripped her phone tightly, feeling a wave of warmth in her heart. 
A tear appeared in her eye, and she sniffled and nodded, "Yeah!" 
Suddenly, she felt that this "unexpected marriage," which was not part of her life plan, turned out much better than she had expected. 
This "unexpected husband," who was also not part of her life plan, proved to be much better than she had thought as well. 
Having a husband who unconditionally supports her feels great. 
Maybe she should really try to accept this marriage and him. 
* 
An hour later, outside of the Lawrence Villa’s gate. 
Before their decline, the Lawrence family was considered a wealthy family. At least until Joanna turned 15, she lived a life of privilege as a wealthy young lady. 
Although they are not as prosperous as before, they are still better off than most people. 
Despite their decline, the Lawrence family still lives in a villa, drives luxury cars, and employs many servants. Always seeking to save face, Benjamin Lawrence refused to lower his living standards even in debt. 
As soon as Joanna got out of the car, she saw Caitlin. 
"Miss Joanna, you’re finally back." 
Upon seeing her, Caitlin’s eyes filled with tears as she held Joanna’s hand and sobbed, "Please go in and see for yourself. Miss Annie and Mrs. Rose Lawrence are having someone move Madam’s things out. As a servant of the Lawrence family, I cannot stop them." 
"You are Madam’s own daughter and the eldest daughter of the Lawrence family. If you try to stop them, maybe they would listen." 
After hearing Caitlin’s words, a bitter smile appeared on Joanna’s lips. 
Caitlin is just too naive. 
Where is there any place for her in the Lawrence family now? 
As the so-called eldest daughter, she can hardly command the servants, not to mention Influence Annie and her mother’s decisions. 
Especially now that Annie has become a first-line actress and the biggest earner in the Lawrence family, even her father treats her with great care. 
Nevertheless, she would never allow anyone to move into her mother’s room. 
This is her bottom line. 
Just as she entered the living room, Joanna heard the commotion upstairs. 
Looking up, she saw several movers carrying a makeup table out of the room. 
When she recognized the makeup table that had belonged to her mother, her blood boiled, and she sprinted upstairs. 
* 
As soon as Joanna stepped into the living room, a servant went to report to Annie and Rose Liall. 
"That little bitch is back?" 
Upon hearing Joanna’s name, Rose’s face darkened, and she spoke with disgust, "It must be that old hag Caitlin who informed her. Hmph, she came back quite quickly. That little bitch doesn’t even care about her own father, yet she’s devoted to her dead mother." 
Annie, standing next to her, smiled gently and said softly, "She’s dead anyway. What’s the point of caring so much now?" 
Rose frowned and said coldly, "That dead girl must have come back to stop us. Her dead mother has been dead for so many years, yet she is still occupying that prime room and not allowing anyone else to live in it. I have no idea what Sir Darren is thinking." 
Annie smiled again, her voice soft but cold, "No matter what, Mrs. Benington was his wife, so perhaps he is reminiscing about the past. However, regardless of his nostalgia, he has now agreed to let us empty the room, hasn’t he?"
###Chapter 153: Chapter 154: You Need to Face Reality
"Mom, can a dead person fight against us who are alive? Even her own living daughter can’t compete with me, let alone a dead person! I want Joanna to see that whatever she cares about, I can take it if I want to! She doesn’t have the qualifications or the ability to fight against me!" 
"The man she loves, her mother’s bedroom, and her identity as the eldest daughter of the Lawrence family – everything will belong to me!" 
The maid nearby listened to their mother-daughter conversation without any surprise on her face. 
Nowadays, the Lawrence family was entirely under their control. 
Anyone who was still loyal to Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence and Joanna had been dismissed. 
The reason Caitlin stayed was because she was a distant relative of Benjamin, who had accompanied him for several years during his childhood. 
Benjamin couldn’t dismiss Caitlin due to their past relationship. 
"My daughter is so outstanding, she deserves the best of everything." Rose Liall patted Annie’s head and said with pride, "This isn’t stealing. It’s just taking back what belongs to you." 
"If it wasn’t for the marriage contract, the Benington family wouldn’t have chosen Joanna. You and David are a perfect match, destined for each other. Now that you and David are together openly, and you’re carrying his child, it’s time to arrange a meeting between both families and discuss this matter." 
As soon as she heard the word "pregnant", Annie’s eyes flashed an abnormal color momentarily. 
She lowered her head to look at her still-flat belly, her hand lightly covering it, as she let her lowered eyelids conceal the unusual emotion in her eyes. 
"Ma’am, Miss Annie, Miss Joanna is back." 
While the mother and daughter were talking, the maid noticed Joanna walking towards them with an angry face and quickly warned them. 
Just a second ago, Rose had a smile on her face. As soon as she looked up at Joanna, her smile disappeared completely. 
Her expression turned cold instantly. 
"Oh, look who it is. It’s our Miss Joanna of the Lawrence family. Finally, you remembered you have a home and decided to come back for a visit," Rose said sarcastically. 
Joanna walked up to them and stopped. 
Ignoring Rose’s sarcasm, she looked at Annie standing beside her and coldly laughed, "Annie, I indeed underestimated your shameless capabilities. What, breaking up our relationship as a mistress isn’t enough to satisfy your disgusting desires? You still have to do more to show just how despicable and nauseating you can be?" 
At these words, Annie’s face changed instantly. 
She wanted to get angry at first, but when she caught sight of Benjamin standing at the stairway entrance, she immediately switched to a weak and pitiful look claiming innocently, "Joanna, do you have any misunderstandings of me? I never wanted to intervene in your relationship with David. Your breakup was caused by you. David said you were always away for film shooting, and he could only see you for three or four days in a month. Your heart was never with him, and he couldn’t take it anymore, which led to the breakup." 
"Have you ever thought about why David, who you’ve known for so many years and were about to get married, still broke up with you?" 
"Joanna, when love is gone, it’s gone. You need to face reality."
###Chapter 154: Chapter 155: You Are Really Too Headstrong
Annie Lawrence appeared gentle and innocent on the surface, but her eyes carried a provocative smile. 
At that moment, a porter carried a piece of furniture out of Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence’s room. 
Upon seeing this, Joanna Lawrence almost exploded in anger. 
It was a screen that her mother had loved the most while she was alive. 
"Stop it!" 
Joanna rushed in front of the porter and shouted angrily, "Put this screen back. Without my permission, no one is allowed to touch anything in this room!" 
The porter hesitated, furrowing his brow and looked at Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence for guidance. "Madam Liall, this..." 
"Don’t listen to her." Rose Liall sneered, "She’s been living in school and not at home all these years. What right does she have to decide anything for this family? In this house, I have the final say! Keep moving!" 
"You dare!" 
Joanna stood guard at the doorway, coldly stating, "This is my mom’s room, and no one has the right to touch anything without her consent."
"Heh." Rose Liall looked at her disdainfully, "The current owners of this house are your father and me. Whether it’s moving a bedroom or anything else, I have the right to decide how to deal with it. Besides, your dad also agreed to let Annie move in, so if you have any ions, go talk to him." 
After that, Rose Liall waved to the porter and said, "Keep moving." 
With her permission, the porter pushed Joanna aside and continued to carry the screen out. 
Joanna reached out and grabbed the porter’s arm, "Stop! You can’t move my mom’s things out!" 
She had just called Ashton Heath and didn’t know when his people would arrive. 
At this moment, Joanna was very grateful that she had called him earlier. 
If she had returned alone, the outcome would have been unimaginable. 
"Joanna, you’re being too willful!" Rose Liall scowled with disgust. "Annie is pregnant with David’s child. The fortune teller said the child must be born in that room to be safe, otherwise, there is a risk of miscarriage." 
"She is your sister. Even if you’re not from the same mother, you share blood ties, don’t you? Is it your fault that the child has been blocked once or twice and wants to harm the child in her womb?" 
Joanna glared at the disgusting mother and daughter, her cold sneer curling her lips, "What does her miscarriage or premature birth have to do with me? A child conceived through underhanded means is better off not being born!" 
As soon as her words fell, an angry rebuke came: "Joanna, you’ve gone too far! How can you curse your sister like this!" 
Benjamin Lawrence came up from the stairwell, his face dark with disappointment and anger, "Even if there’s conflict between you adults, the child is innocent. It’s your nephew, and cursing a just two-month-old baby, aren’t you being too cruel?" 
"I thought that after leaving home for so long, you would have realized your mistake. But you haven’t changed at all, and even worsened. How did you become like this!" 
Benjamin Lawrence seemed very angry, and as he spoke, he began coughing, placing a hand on his chest, struggling to catch his breath." 
"Sir Darren, just calm down." Rose Liall immediately patted his back and while patting, she advised, "Your health has only just improved, so you must take care of your body. If you get upset and hurt yourself, Annie and I will be heartbroken."
###Chapter 155: Chapter 156: It Seems Like She’s a Plague God
"Yeah, Dad, you really need to take good care of your body. Otherwise, Mom and I will worry about you." 
Benjamin Lawrence looked at the mother and daughter with concern on their faces, then glanced at Joanna, who had a cold expression and no trace of concern in her eyes. He sneered, "Fortunately, I have you two by my side. Who else would care about me? It seems that I’ve raised a thankless wolf. If I had known she would never appreciate my efforts, I would have given her away earlier." 
"Even a dog knows to repay its master’s kindness, but this daughter I’ve pampered since childhood is even less sensible than an animal!" 
Annie tried to mediate, "Dad, don’t be angry. Joanna does care about you, she’s just not good at expressing her feelings. See, she’s come home to see you now." 
Annie had deliberately provoked Joanna when she saw Benjamin just now. 
All to make Joanna lose her temper. 
The more aggressive and insensitive Joanna appeared, the more sensible and well-behaved Annie would seem in comparison. 
Thus, Benjamin’s disappointment and disgust towards Joanna would only deepen. 
Annie was well aware that the father-daughter bond between Benjamin and Joanna, nurtured over so many years, was not something that could be destroyed overnight. 
But as long as Benjamin’s dislike for Joanna increased bit by bit, eventually, it would turn into complete disgust and disappointment. 
By then, they wouldn’t be bothered about any father-daughter affection anymore. 
After hearing Annie’s words, Benjamin’s anger only grew, and he couldn’t help but scoff, "She’s not here to see me. It seems that except for her mother, no one else matters to her." 
"Exactly," Rose Liall sneered. "Sir Darren, you’ve wasted your love on this daughter. You’ve always treated her like a treasure, but has she ever treated you like a father?" 
"When you were sick a while back, I called her to come home, but she didn’t. Annie was busy with work, but as soon as she heard you were sick, she flew back from abroad the next day to see you."
"Think about it, which of these two daughters really cares about you?" 
Benjamin’s face was already not in good spirits. 
Upon hearing Rose’s words, his expression darkened further, and his disappointment with Joanna grew deeper: "You haven’t been home for two whole months. Every time you come back, do you have to cause chaos in this family?" 
Joanna had known for a long time that she had no place in this family. 
She also knew very well that the current Benjamin was no longer the man he used to be. 
Now, his heart only had room for Annie and her mother. 
They were his wife and daughter, his true family. 
And her... 
She was just an ungrateful wolf in his eyes. 
However, despite this, when she met Benjamin’s angry and disappointed gaze, her heart still ached a little. 
She couldn’t help but feel a bit sad. 
At this moment, she profoundly and genuinely realized that there was truly no place for her in this family anymore. 
She bore the surname Lawrence, but no one in the Lawrence family regarded her as their own. 
Even her once most beloved father, Benjamin. 
Benjamin’s words were filled with blame and disgust, as if she were a plague, causing chaos in the family whenever she came home. 
Joanna glanced at the satisfied faces of Annie and Rose Liall before turning back to Benjamin, a mocking smile on her lips: "I didn’t know I had such power, to cause turmoil in this family."
###Chapter 156: Chapter 157: You troublemaker!
"It seems my existence is truly a mistake. I shouldn’t have come back and disrupted your happy family of three." 
"Joanna Lawrence!" Benjamin Lawrence furrowed his brows, "What nonsensical words are you uttering!" 
A bitter smile tugged at the corner of Joanna’s lips, mocking even more, "Isn’t what I said true? Since my return, chaos has ensued at home. Indeed, I shouldn’t have come back. But did you all think that I was thrilled to come back, that I loved to be back?" 
As she spoke, her voice gradually cooled, her gaze darkened, and she looked coldly at Annie Lawrence:" If someone hadn’t considered taking over mom’s room, I wouldn’t have any interest at all in returning home." 
"Dad, I don’t care what agreement you made with them, but I absolutely won’t allow Annie to move in!" 
"Mom’s room must remain as it is, no one is allowed to move in. Isn’t that what you promised her! Are you planning on reneging now?" 
Bemjamin’s complexion abruptly changed, looking even more horrible than before. 
He clenched his lips and remained silent for a few seconds before finally speaking out in anger: "Annie’s case is exceptional! She will only stay for a year, and she’ll move out once the baby is born. Your mother was a compassionate woman. If she were still alive, she would undoubtedly understand my actions. Instead, it’s you, Joanna, when did you become so aggressive? Annie isn’t a stranger, she’s your younger sister!" 
"Ha." Joanna found it incredibly amusing, "No matter how understanding my mom was, I doubt she’d want to relinquish her room to the daughter of a mistress. As for my younger sister..." 
She stared coldly at Annie, her voice icy and mocking, word by word: "I certainly don’t have a sister who’d wreck her own older sister’s relationship." 
"Slap!" 
Just as Joanna finished speaking, she was slapped across the face. 
The slap was intense, causing her face to tilt to one side. 
A metallic taste filled her mouth. 
Her ears rang with the hit, causing temporary tinnitus and her face quickly reddened with five distinct finger marks. 
Her tender cheek swelled instantly. 
Benjamin still wasn’t satisfied, he pointed at her nose and cursed: "You troublemaker! Rose is your elder, your stepmother, yet you dare utter such unfilial words! How could I, Benjamin Lawrence, have raised such a heartless daughter!" 
Upon seeing the slap, both Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence were stunned for several seconds. 
Neither expected Benjamin to raise a hand. 
After all, he was always very loving towards Joanna, and had never beaten her since childhood. 
This was likely the first time he had hit her. 
After a few moments of shock, a gleeful smile broke out on Annie’s face. 
Seeing Joanna getting slapped was indescribably satisfying. 
Benjamin’s slap stunned Joanna. 
Only after several seconds, did she regain herself. 
Her ears still ringing and seeing stars, she held her swollen cheek, and slowly turned her head. 
At first, her face held disbelief and hurt, but after a while, it quickly changed to cold mockery and indifference. 
As soon as Benjamin laid his hand on Joanna, he felt somewhat regretful. 
He had just been too angry just now. 
Once he calmed down, he observed clearer. 
Since her childhood, he had never hit Joanna. 
Although he now had Rose and her daughter, his love for his own daughter diminished somewhat. But years of father-daughter affection couldn’t be easily extinguished.
###Chapter 157: Chapter 158 Joanna, Please, I’m Begging You
Just as she started to feel a bit regretful, Joanna’s cold eyes met hers, and the anger that had just begun to subside flared up again. 
"You troublemaker!" he yelled, pointing at Joanna’s nose, "What kind of expression is that? Do you think I’m being unfair to you? You don’t even have basic respect for your elders, and it’s such a disgrace to the Lawrence family!" 
"Look at your sister, and then look at yourself! You’re a total failure as an older sister!" 
"Dad, please calm down, calm down!" 
Standing behind Benjamin Lawrence, Annie looked at Joanna with a gleeful and provocative expression in her eyes. 
She walked forward and supported Benjamin, pretending to be well-behaved and sensible, coaxing in a soft voice, "The doctor told you to take good care of yourself, and you shouldn’t get angry like this." 
"Joanna, seriously." She frowned and raised her head to gently scold, "You know Dad’s health isn’t good, and he can’t take too much anger. Can’t you just say less?" 
"Do you really want to make him sick before you’re satisfied?" 
"I know you’re in a bad mood right now, and it’s fine if you yell at me or hit me, but please don’t make Dad angry anymore. Joanna, I’m begging you, enough." 
"Our dear Annie is so sensible," Rose Liall said meaningfully, "Sir Darren, these are your daughters. You should know better who truly cares for you." 
Benjamin looked at Annie approvingly, but when he turned to Joanna, all that was left was disappointment and disgust, "The moment you came back, this home was filled with negative energy. It’s better if you come back less often in the future." 
"Rose and Annie are gracious enough not to dwell on what just happened; I can’t be bothered to say anything else either. Go on, I don’t want to see you now."
Joanna covered her face and expressionlessly looked at the three people standing opposite her. 
They had a harmonious and happy family of three. 
They were the real family. 
As for her, she was just the redundant one. 
This scene was truly ironic. 
Indeed, she should have realized long ago that this place was no longer her home. 
Actually, she had always been aware of it. 
It was just that this time, the feeling was deeper than ever before. 
"Joanna, you should go back to school first," Annie said with a seemingly well-intentioned tone, "Dad is just angry right now, and he’s just speaking out of anger. Don’t take it too seriously. Once he cools down, you can still come back..." 
"Annie Lawrence, shut up! Put away your hypocritical face; it’s disgusting." 
Joanna couldn’t stand Annie’s fake behavior of acting well-behaved and sensible. 
"Joanna, you..." Immediately, Annie put on an injured look, her eyes turning red. 
"Sir Darren, look at what she’s become. She bullies us mother and daughter like this even in front of you. Imagine how much worse it must be when you’re not around," Mrs. Rose Lawrence said. 
"Now you have to believe what I’ve been telling you before. In the early years when Annie and I moved here, we were often bullied by her. If you don’t discipline your daughter, I’m afraid she won’t even respect you anymore." Rose wiped the corner of her eye, looking quite upset and wronged.
###Chapter 158: Chapter 159: Little Bitch Gets Into Trouble and Returns Home
Benjamin’s face turned livid with anger as he glared at her and said, "Is everything that Rose has said true? Have you bullied her and Annie in the past?" 
When disappointment reaches a certain point, you can no longer feel disappointed. 
Similarly, when sadness reaches a certain point, you can no longer feel sad. 
Joanna looked at her furious father and tugged at the corner of her lips lightly. "Dad, why bother asking anymore? Deep down, you already believe what she said, don’t you?" 
"If that’s the case, then let’s say I did those things." 
Thinking about it, it was really ironic. 
She had known David for ten years and, at a critical moment, he chose to believe in Annie whom he had known for less than two years. 
Now, her father was doing the same thing. 
His question just now wasn’t really asking or waiting for her to explain. 
He had already believed that she had indeed done those things. 
He unconditionally believed in Rose Liall and unconditionally believed that she was capable of doing such despicable things. 
Annie said Joanna was a failure in life. 
At this moment, Joanna had to admit that she indeed was quite a failure in life. 
Otherwise, how could she not even gain the trust of those closest to her? 
"You!" Seeing her indifferent expression, Benjamin’s anger flared up again, raising his hand to slap her across the face once more. 
His hand had just risen when they heard a commotion from downstairs. 
"Who are you?" 
"Stop! This is an invasion of private property!" 
"Quick, come stop them!" 
"Ah, what are you trying to do? Stop! Quickly go and inform Sir Darren and Mrs. Rose Lawrence that strangers have broken in!" 
Chaotic footsteps, a woman’s scream, and other voices shouting to stop the intruders. 
Various sounds mixed together, creating quite a ruckus downstairs. 
Benjamin Lawrence was startled, his eyebrows furrowing. 
"What’s going on downstairs?" he asked. 
Annie’s face changed slightly, quickly walking to the railing and peering down at the living room. 
Her face changed again when she saw several dozen tall and burly men in black clothes and pants in the living room. 
"Sir, Madam, this is bad..." 
At this moment, a servant came running over, panting, with a frightened expression on his face. He gasped, "About thirty black-clothed men abruptly came and drove straight into the villa." 
"We couldn’t stop them at all." 
"They are trying to barge their way upstairs now, saying that, saying..." 
As the servant spoke, he cautiously glanced at Joanna. 
Upon hearing about dozens of people breaking into their house, Benjamin’s face changed drastically as well. 
"Saying what?" 
The servant glanced at Joanna again before continuing, "They said they are here for Ms. Joanna." 
No sooner had he finished speaking than the sound of chaotic footsteps echoed at the stair entrance. 
Benjamin looked and saw a group of black-clothed men walking upstairs. 
Rose Liall looked at the group of black-clothed men and her face displayed a mixture of astonishment and confusion. 
These black-clothed men came for Joanna? 
Could it be that this little bitch Joanna caused problems outside and brought trouble back home? 
Rose Liall believed that things were just like her conjecture. 
It must be that little bitch who stirred up trouble and brought it home. 
Just as Rose Liall was about to scold Joanna, she saw the black-clothed men walk up to Joanna and the leader unexpectedly bowed to her.
###Chapter 159: Chapter 160: Ms. Joanna, we’re very sorry for being late
Then, with great respect, he said, "Ms. Joanna, I apologize for being late. Is there anything here that you need us to do for you?" 
As soon as the man in black acted in this way, everyone present was shocked, with the exception of Joanna. 
Rose Liall’s eyes widened, her face filled with astonishment. 
Benjamin Lawrence also looked extremely surprised. 
As for Annie Lawrence, she was initially shocked and astonished, but then her face turned ugly. 
Who were these men in black? 
Why were they being so respectful towards Joanna? 
Could it be...that they were the people who were summoned by the mysterious and illustrious man to help Joanna out? 
Annie abruptly remembered that previously, when Moon Broadley had called for Dominic Hook to cause trouble for Joanna at school, a group of men in black appeared to back Joanna up. 
In the end, both Dominic Hook and Moon Broadley were taught a painful lesson. 
It was said that both of them were still being held at the police station. 
Thinking about this, Annie’s face darkened even more. 
If it were really the work of that man, then it means that he does care a lot about Joanna now. 
And the mysterious man who had the power to bankrupt the Hook Enterprises overnight would undoubtedly have the power to deal with the Lawrence family as well. 
She could only hope now that the man’s influence is not as great as that of the Benington family’s. Otherwise, wouldn’t Joanna be on top of her in the future? 
"Who are you?!" Rose Liall initially thought that Joanna had caused trouble and asked these people to come to their home, but seeing how respectful they were towards Joanna, it seemed like they were here to help her instead. Rose Liall became furious. 
She shouted angrily, "This is a private residence! You are breaking the law by barging in without permission!" 
"I’m going to call the police and have you all arrested!" 
"Sir Darren, please call someone to drive them away!" 
It took Benjamin Lawrence a few seconds to regain his composure and with a frown, he asked with a gloomy face, "Who are you? Joanna, do you know them?" 
"Of course she knows them," Rose Liall interjected with a clenched tooth grin before Joanna could answer, "Sir Darren, your daughter is getting bolder and bolder. What does she mean by bringing so many people to our home when she comes back? Is she showing off, or trying to threaten us?" 
Dozens of men dressed in black. 
They stood all over the place, both upstairs and downstairs, and at one glance, there was a sea of people. 
Each of them was at least six feet tall, looking formidable and well-built, the type of people you’d never want to mess with. 
Not only were the Lawrence family’s servants scared. 
Even Benjamin Lawrence, upon seeing them, couldn’t help but feel a few tingles of fear. 
"Is this true?" Benjamin Lawrence didn’t dare to look at the man in black, and asked Joanna with a cold face, "Are these people all called by you? What do you want to do, ruin our home, or let these people attack your own father?" 
Joanna looked at him calmly. Her voice was also very calm, "I don’t want to do anything, but if someone forces me, don’t blame me for turning my back on them." 
"You troublemaker! Are you threatening your own father?!" Benjamin Lawrence was so furious that the veins on his forehead were bulging. 
Joanna’s face remained expressionless, her tone still as calm as ever, but there was now a hint of firmness and dominance in her voice, "Mom’s room should remain as it is, and no one is allowed to move in." 
Joanna turned her gaze toward Annie, whose face was ashen, and she articulated each word clearly, "That’s my only request. I don’t care what the Fortune Teller said, that’s your business, and it has nothing to do with me or my mom!"
###Chapter 160: Chapter 161 Why Should I Listen to You!
"If you insist on being ruthless, don’t blame me for doing the same." 
"Joanna Lawrence, what are you implying?" Rose Liall rose her voice, squawking like an old hen being strangled, "Are you threatening to use violence against your elders, your own family?" 
"What if Annie insists on moving in?" 
"Are you going to have these men beat her? Huh?" 
Joanna looked with cold eyes at her creating a fuss like a clown, a smirk slowly appearing at the corners of her mouth. She scoffed: "Beat her? Of course not. I will only let them throw her out." 
Rose Liall was taken aback, her teeth clenched in anger: "you, you dare!" 
"Dare or not, you can try." After Joanna finished speaking, she turned to instruct her bodyguards: "You guys stay here. If those two women step into this bedroom, throw them out." 
The lead bodyguard respectfully responded: "Yes." 
He immediately ordered several bodyguards to guard the entrance to Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence’s bedroom. 
Seeing this, both Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence looked extremely upset. 
"Also." 
Joanna pointed to a vanity inside the bedroom and said in a stern and chill voice: "Get that vanity out and throw it away. Everything piled at the door, take them and throw them away too." 
All this furniture belonged to Annie Lawrence. 
"Yes, Miss Lawrence." 
The bodyguards were efficient, immediately stepping inside to start moving the furniture. 
Several bodyguards lifted the vanity and carried it to the window, dropping it straight down. 
"Stop, stop it now!" 
Seeing this, Annie Lawrence was livid, so angry that she even forgot to act the part of the "fragile and timid" girl. She spun around, grinding her teeth and glaring at Joanna, furiously stating: "Joanna, you have gone too far! What right do you have to do this?" 
"Hah." 
Joanna sneered: "I’ve gone too far? Even at my worst, I wouldn’t steal my sister’s man, let alone maliciously take over this bedroom that has special significance for her. Annie, you have committed all kinds of evil deeds. How dare you criticize others for going too far?" 
By then, the bodyguards had thrown all of Annie Lawrence’s furniture out the window. 
After everything was done, several bodyguards walked up to Joanna. After performing a quick bow, they respectfully asked: "Miss Lawrence, all the furniture has been thrown out, do you have any other instructions?" 
Joanna squinted at Annie Lawrence’s face, already distorted from anger. "Annie, have a team return the furniture they moved out of my mom’s room. Piece by piece, put everything back where it belongs. I won’t hold this against you." 
Annie was livid and snarled at her: "Who do you think you are? Why should I listen to you?" 
Without losing her cool, Joanna hooked the corner of her lips and said with ease: "In that case, I guess I have no choice but to have your bedroom ransacked." 
She then instructed her bodyguards: "Miss Annie Lawrence’s bedroom is the third room on the second floor corridor, you guys will need extra hands to help clean it up for free." 
The bodyguard immediately responded: "Yes." 
"Stay right there. Somebody stop them!" 
With her face turning green, Rose Liall screamed in fury: "Joanna Lawrence, you are being just too arrogant! The Lawrence household is no place for your thuggery, I, as an elder, will take on my responsibility to discipline you today!"
###Chapter 161: Chapter 162: It’s him, the mysterious man with the secret identity!
As she spoke, she raised her hand and charged towards Joanna Lawrence. 
However, before her slap could land, it was intercepted in midair. 
A bodyguard stood in front of Joanna, grabbing her wrist and forcefully pushing her away. 
Rose Liall was thrown several meters away, stumbling with her steps. After letting out a shriek, she fell to the ground. 
She was splayed out for all to see. 
"Oh, my waist, my waist is broken!" She cried out in pain as she lay on the ground. 
"Mom!" Annie Lawrence’s eyes widened, and her face turned pale. She hurriedly walked over and helped her up. 
Rose Liall pressed one hand to her waist, her facial features crumpled in pain as she sobbed, "Sir Darren, you must be on my side! I can’t stay in this house any longer. I’ve been humiliated by someone younger than me. I can’t bear to stay." 
Several servants who wanted to block the bodyguard were also knocked down. 
The Lawrence family’s servants hadn’t received any combat training and were no match for a professional bodyguard. 
One bodyguard was able to immobilize a group of people. 
Seeing his display, no one dared to step forward. 
"Joanna Lawrence, you’re going too far!" 
Annie, holding Rose up, said with anger, "She is your stepmother, your elder in any case! How could you treat her like this? Do you think that with a backer behind you, you can do whatever you want?" 
"Shameless bastard! It’s reprehensible!" 
Benjamin Lawrence shook with rage, raising his hand, intending to slap Joanna’s face again.
This time, Joanna didn’t stand still and foolishly take the hit. 
She showed no emotion as she dodged to the side. 
Benjamin’s slap hit nothing but air. 
Seeing that Joanna dared to dodge and acted arrogantly as if she didn’t care about him as her father, Benjamin became even angrier and, in his humiliation, yelled, "Unfilial! Do you dare to avoid it?! You even bullied your own mother! I must teach you a lesson today." 
As he spoke, he raised his hand again. 
Benjamin was a man who cared about face. 
Being humiliated by his daughter in public, he now wanted to regain his dignity as the head of the family by teaching Joanna a lesson. 
"Mr. Lawrence, if you don’t want the Lawrence Group to end up like the Hook Group, I suggest you restrain yourself. You might not be able to bear the consequences if you slap her." 
Just as Benjamin raised his hand, an icy, dignified voice sounded from behind. 
The man’s voice wasn’t loud, but the moment he spoke, the surroundings became quiet. 
Annie, standing next to him, turned pale and surprised. 
She widened her eyes and turned her head. 
Upon seeing the distinguished, powerful, and noble man walking up the steps one by one, her eyes widened even more. 
A fleeting look of surprise and joy flashed across her eyes. 
It was him, the mysterious man! 
Even though Annie had been despised and ridiculed by him before, she found herself still thinking about him afterwards. 
She even dreamt of him. 
Initially, she thought David was her true love. 
But after meeting this man, she realized that her real soulmate was him. 
The moment she saw him, her heart had skipped a beat. 
The nervousness, excitement, shyness, and anticipation she felt in front of him were something she never felt when facing David.
###Chapter 162: Chapter 163: What’s your identity to question me?
It was after meeting him that she finally understood what it felt like to truly like someone. 
She realized that her feelings for David Benington were not genuine affection. 
She just thought David was in good condition and suitable to be her husband. 
Annie Lawrence didn’t hide the joy and excitement in her eyes, let go of the hand holding Rose Liall, and greeted Mr. Brandon: "Sir, we meet again. Do you remember me? We met last time at the school parking lot. I am... " 
Before she could finish introducing herself, she saw the distinguished and prominent man walk straight to Joanna Lawrence, gently touching her face, then asking in a cold and dangerous tone that sent shivers down the spine: "You’ve been hit? Who did it?" 
Joanna stared blankly at the man who had approached her, her eyes wide with surprise: "You, how did you get here?" 
When Ashton Heath’s hand touched the beaten side of her face, she winced in pain. 
The man immediately withdrew his hand and his dark eyes became even colder. 
He exuded a chilling aura all around him, pursed his lips, and slowly turned around. 
His ice-cold, deep gaze swept over Benjamin Lawrence, Rose Liall, and Annie Lawrence, and he asked without any warmth: "Who hit her?" 
Those who had met his gaze felt as if they were immersed in cold, feeling a chill creep into their bodies, trembling from the cold. 
Rose Liall, who was so outspoken, didn’t dare to yell anymore. 
Benjamin Lawrence had been in the business world for many years, and was a veteran with a well-trained eye for people. 
At a glance, he could see that the young man of outstanding looks in front of him had a very extraordinary identity. 
Such a strong and unrivaled imperial aura, it was not something that ordinary wealthy sons could possess. 
It could only belong to those who were born and raised in a very prominent and noble house. 
"Sir, who are you? What is your relationship with my daughter Joanna Lawrence?" When Benjamin spoke to Ashton Heath, his tone became much more polite. 
Since he was not yet aware of the other person’s specific identity, he dared not offend him casually. 
Especially since this young man had just uttered a threatening remark. 
It seemed the bankruptcy of the Hook Group overnight was his doing? 
Thinking of this, Benjamin’s face changed again, and he became more apprehensive in his heart. 
Ashton Heath’s cold gaze swept onto his face: "You haven’t answered my previous question, did you hit her?" 
Benjamin Lawrence frowned and felt that the young man was too arrogant. 
He seemed to be a lover to his daughter, his actions were so intimate, yet he showed no respect to his elder. 
This was too disrespectful! 
If he was really his daughter’s lover, he should call him Mr. Rowlett. 
How could he have this attitude! 
Annoyed, he grew more assertive: "So what if I did! She’s my daughter, and I’m her father. Can’t I, as her father, discipline my own daughter? Who are you, and what’s your status to question me?" 
"This is our own family matter, it has nothing to do with you, an outsider!" 
At first, Ashton Heath’s face was expressionless. 
As Benjamin Lawrence admitted to hitting Joanna Lawrence, his face visibly turned colder.
###Chapter 163: Chapter 164: Both mother and daughter fainted.
The man’s eyes narrowed, exuding a dangerous aura that terrified those around him. He only said two cold words: "Very good." 
But these two words made the faces of the three people opposite him change. 
"Sir, my dad didn’t hit my sister for no reason," Annie Lawrence hurriedly explained. "It was because my sister had someone attack my mom that my dad slapped her. My sister really went too far, and my dad should punish her." 
"That’s right, she has no respect for her elders, not even for her stepmother. What’s wrong with slapping her? Who do you think you are? What does the Lawrence family’s business have to do with you? Are you trying to play ’hero to the rescue’? You think a few tough words will scare us?" 
"I, Rose Liall, am not easily frightened. Young man, I advise you not to meddle in other people’s business, or don’t blame me for being rude later." 
As soon as Rose finished speaking, she felt her entire body plunged into an ice-cold cellar, as if she were wrapped in a wave of cold air. 
She couldn’t help but shudder from the cold. 
She looked up and met a pair of extremely cold and icy eyes. 
There was no warmth in the man’s eyes. As he stared at her, his gaze was like a sharp knife. 
She hesitated for a moment, and a trace of fear instantly rose in her heart. 
Ashton Heath stared at her for a few seconds, then shifted his gaze away. 
The sexy thin lips of the man slowly curled up, and the corners of his mouth raised a dangerous curve: "Mr. Benjamin, since it’s about disciplining your daughter, you can’t just discipline one of them." 
"Your second daughter ignored integrity and moral principles and tried to seduce her future brother-in-law. It wouldn’t make sense not to discipline her properly." 
After saying that, before the others could react, he ordered the bodyguards: "Help Mr. Benjamin discipline Miss Annie properly. Don’t hold back, or Mr. Benjamin might not be satisfied." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
The bodyguards moved quickly, and just as Annie was about to turn and run away, they grabbed her. 
One on the left and one on the right restrained her, limiting her movements. Left and right, "pap pap" two slaps were thrown on her soft white cheek. 
These bodyguards had undergone professional training. 
Of course, they knew how to exert their strength to achieve the best effect. 
After two slaps, blood was drawn from Annie’s mouth. 
Stars danced before her eyes, and she felt dizzy. 
Her eyes rolled back, and she fainted. 
"Annie, Annie, what happened to you!" Seeing her daughter fainted, Rose Liall cried out and rushed over. "Let go of Annie! If anything happens to my baby, I want you all to pay with your lives!" 
Before she could rush over, she was caught by two other bodyguards. 
"Let go of me, let go of me!" Rose Liall screamed like a madwoman, "You bunch of bandits, robbers. Ah, I’ll fight you to the death!" 
With that, she tried to head-butt the bodyguards. 
As a result, she ended up knocking herself out. 
For a moment, both mother and daughter had collapsed. 
"Damn you!" Benjamin Lawrence saw that his wife and daughter had fainted, and in his anger and anxiousness, he trembled as he pointed at Joanna and cursed, "Do you want to destroy this family before you’re satisfied? If I had known that I would raise such a damn thing, I would have strangled you the day you were born!"
###Chapter 164: Chapter 165 Why does Joanna treat me like this?
"If anything happens to Rose or Annie, I won’t spare you!" 
Joanna Lawrence’s face turned pale instantly. 
Her hand, hanging by her side, clenched tightly. 
Benjamin Lawrence’s words were like a sharp dagger, stabbing brutally into her heart. 
Even though she had long given up expecting anything from her so-called father Benjamin Lawrence, and their father-daughter relationship had also faded much, hearing these words, her heart still ached terribly. 
"Someone call an ambulance! Quickly take my wife and Ms. Annie to the hospital." 
Benjamin Lawrence finished scolding Joanna, and turned to anxiously look at Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence who were fallen on the floor. 
Compared to his disgust towards Joanna just now, he now looked like a good husband concerned for his wife and a caring father worried for his daughter. 
This stark contrast was immeasurably mocking. 
Joanna Lawrence lowered her gaze, a smirk dancing on her lips. Even though she should have seen through everything, her eyes brimmed with a sour unmistakable sense of hurt. 
The surrounding servants were all frightened. 
Not until Benjamin Lawrence’s angry voice rose again did they seem to come back to their senses, rushing forward to help the collapsed women off the floor. 
Just as Annie was helped up, the eyelid moved and they slowly opened. 
After a brief fainting spell, she started to regain consciousness. 
"Annie, you’ve come around." Benjamin’s face lit up with joy and immediately asked worriedly, "Is there anywhere you’re hurting? We’re headed to the hospital soon." 
Annie was still dizzy from the two slaps, her face feeling burning hot and painful. 
Her face was as swollen as a pig’s head, the pain distorting her features into a grimace. 
Groggily opening her eyes, the first sight that met her eyes were the two bodyguards who had just struck her. Startled, she shivered, at once hugging Benjamin Lawrence’s arm and crying pitifully: "Dad, I’m really scared. What did I do wrong? Why would Joanna do this to me?" 
"Joanna, I’m sorry, I was wrong, I know I was wrong." 
Lifting her tear-filled eyes, with a pitiful expression, tears in her eyes filled with fear, she cried plaintively, "I thought since Mrs. Benington had left for so many years, for the baby’s sake, I was just temporarily living in her room. I didn’t think you would mind." 
"If I had known you cared so much, even if you gave me ten times more courage, I wouldn’t dare to move in." 
"It was I who suggested moving in, and it has nothing to do with Dad and Mom. If you’re still angry Joanna, then just take out all your anger on me alone, please stop involving other innocent people." 
Tears constantly streamed down her face, wetting her already swollen face marked with ten bright red finger marks. 
Her face was badly swollen, the corner of her mouth bleeding, and tears, like broken beads, dripped onto her face. 
It appeared pitiful in its vulnerability. 
The more pitiful she looked, the more ruthless Joanna seemed, disregarding their sisterhood. 
Especially her words and the fear expressed on her face, it would have given anyone the impression that Joanna frequently bullied her like this. 
Joanna Lawrence watched her with cold eyes, her face expressionless. 
She had long grown familiar with Annie’s tricks and manipulations. 
Apart from playing the victim and acting pitiful, what else could she do? 
The performance was obvious, yet nobody seemed able to see through it. 
Benjamin Lawrence was still fuming, hearing Annie’s cries only made his anger flare up even more.
###Chapter 165: Chapter 166: My Baby is Pampered by Me
His face was ashen as he raised his head, looking at Joanna as if she was something disgusting, gritting his teeth and roaring at her, "Wretch, why are you still standing there? Get out!" 
"You’ve done enough damage to Rose and Annie. What, do you want someone to hurt me, too?" 
"Just leave, I don’t want to see you ever again. Don’t ever come back, I’ll pretend I never had a daughter like you." 
Joanna’s hands hanging by her sides clenched tighter. 
She pressed her lips together, took a deep breath, lifted her slightly pale face and was about to speak when a hand gently placed itself on her shoulder. 
She froze for a moment and turned her head, only to be gently embraced by the man beside her. 
Ashton Heath hugged her and his other hand stroked her head gently, whispering softly, "Baby, we really should leave. There’s no reason to stay in such an awful place." 
The man’s embrace was warm. 
The large hand that stroked her head continuously was also warm. 
This warmth seemed to seep into her body, gradually warming her heart. 
At the moment when he pulled her into his arms, Joanna felt as if she had been instantly healed. 
Although she was still sad, she felt much, much better than before. 
Ashton finished speaking to her, then turned his head, and a second ago his warm and doting gaze turned icy cold in an instant. 
An icy chill seemed to gather around his pitch-black eyes, turning into frost. 
Those ice-cold eyes looked sharply at Benjamin Lawrence and Annie, his thin lips curling slightly while his voice was not loud but every word was clearly audible. "Benjamin Lawrence, I’ve been polite to you out of respect for your position as Joanna’s father." 
"But as you have angered my baby, you no longer deserve this courtesy. Listen closely, Madam White’s bedroom should remain untouched. If my baby says no one else can move in, then no one can." 
"I’ve given you fair warning, if you insist on defying me, trust me, you won’t be able to handle the consequences." 
"Consider this a warning; if there’s a next time, it won’t be so simple." 
"And another thing." He reached out and gently touched the head of the woman in his arms, and when he looked down at her, his eyes softened considerably, "My baby has me to spoil and care for her. She’s too good for you to be her father." 
"Since you’ve said you’d rather not have her as your daughter, let’s make this termination of relationship clear." 
With that said, Ashton hooked the corner of his lips and slowly raised his head, meeting Benjamin Lawrence’s eyes which were burning with rage, and calmly said, "I’ll have my lawyer send the specific termination agreement tomorrow." 
Benjamin Lawrence was both shocked and furious, "Who the hell are you? This is our family’s business, you have no right to meddle as an outsider!" 
Ashton Heath let out a soft chuckle, but there was no trace of amusement in his eyes, "It’s in your best interest not to know my identity. From now on, whenever anything involves Joanna, not only will I interfere, but I will also take control. If any of you dare to wrong her again, no matter who it is, I will not let it go." 
The man’s voice was not loud, but every word he uttered demanded respect.
###Chapter 166: Chapter 167 No One Will Laugh at You
Especially the last sentence. 
Even for a man like Benjamin Lawrence, who has seen all kinds of situations and lived for most of his life, it sent a shiver down his spine. 
A chill of fear involuntarily seeped into his heart. 
He knew very well. 
This seemingly young man was not just paying lip service. 
What he says, he can do. 
Annie Lawrence watched him protect Joanna Lawrence, jealousy twisting her heart. 
She had been trying to draw attention to herself. 
Yet, this man had not even looked at her properly once. 
Was her portrayal of vulnerability not enough? 
This trick had always worked with men, ever since she was a child. 
Hadn’t David Benington fallen for it, step by step? 
Men always have a soft spot for weak and pitiable women. These women arouse their sympathy and evoke a protective instinct in them. 
This was her experience over the years and it had never failed. 
Why doesn’t it work with this man? 
Judging from the jealousy and resentment swirling in Annie Lawrence’s heart, her competitive spirit was only growing stronger. 
She gritted her teeth and secretly vowed to herself that she would have this man! 
She would never lose to Joanna Lawrence! 
As Annie Lawrence, there was nothing she wanted that she couldn’t get. 
"Baby, let’s go." Having delivered his threat, Ashton Heath put his arm around Joanna Lawrence and turned to leave. The couple left grandly, surrounded by their bodyguards. 
* 
Having left the Lawrence family residence. 
A black Rolls-Royce was parked outside. 
Zack had been waiting by the car. As soon as he saw Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence coming out, he went to greet them: "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna." 
Looking up, he saw the finger marks on Joanna Lawrence’s face that had not yet faded and was taken aback, "Ms. Joanna, your face..." 
"It’s nothing." 
Joanna Lawrence tugged at the corner of her mouth, feeling a sharp pain as it touched the wound on her face. 
Ashton instantly furrowed his brow, cradling her face in his hands to examine it, "Does it hurt?" 
A glint of heartache flashed in his eyes. 
The concern and gentleness in the man’s eyes made her nose sting, and her eyes felt sore too. 
She hadn’t shed a tear after all the humiliations she had suffered earlier. 
But now, she was on the brink of tears. 
The tears that had welled up in her eyes were about to overflow. 
Pushing him away, she turned around, not wanting him to see her cry. 
"I... I’m fine." Her stifled voice betrayed her emotions. 
Hearing her whimper, Ashton Heath furrowed his brow even more. 
The man reached around her, holding her from behind, "Are you crying?" 
"No... I’m not..." 
"Then turn around and let me see." 
"I really didn’t cry." Her voice was shaky, the person who claimed not to be crying, was sobbing uncontrollably. 
Ashton Heath felt a mix of amusement and heartache. 
Despite her struggle, he forcefully turned her towards him. 
Seeing her eyes red and swollen from crying, his heart ached even more. 
Gently resting his hands on her shoulders, he looked at her for a moment then let out a deep sigh. "Cry, just cry this time. Then, don’t cry over unworthy people anymore." 
Saying this, he gently embraced her. 
Long, clean fingers brushed away the strands of hair sticking to her face due to the tears, holding her little face wet from crying, he leaned down to lightly kiss her tear-stained cheek. "Baby, you don’t have to hold back your sadness. Cry if you want to cry, no one will laugh at you."
###Chapter 167: Chapter 168: Afraid That You’ll Be Bullied Without Me
"I’m your husband, the one who will be with you for a lifetime. In front of me, you don’t need to be strong, and you don’t need to have any reservations." 
Joanna Lawrence lay on the man’s warm and solid chest, listening to him say those words in a deep and gentle voice by her ear, her tears becoming more and more uncontrollable, and she burst into tears. 
She thought about the various scenes when Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence was still alive. 
Thinking about how Benjamin Lawrence used to spoil her. 
The more she reminisced, the sadder she became... 
All the negative emotions that had been accumulated in her heart for a long time were released in an instant. 
She hugged Ashton Heath, crying bitterly. 
* 
In the end, Joanna was carried to the car by Ashton Heath. 
She cried for too long, cried until her whole body was drained of energy. 
Crying so heartily is more exhausting than running several thousand meters in one breath. 
Once in the car, 
Ashton Heath didn’t let her go, holding her in his arms and letting her sit on his lap. 
Joanna’s entire body was limp, leaning against him weakly. 
Ashton smoothed her hair with one hand and wiped away the tear tracks on her face with a handkerchief, spot by spot. 
Joanna, leaning in his arms, motionless as he wiped her tears and combed her hair, was like a soft and cute kitten, her eyes slightly narrowed, obediently enjoying her master’s service. 
"Mr. Ashton, should we go back to the company?" 
Zack also got into the car, respectfully asking. 
Ashton Heath raised his wrist to check the time, nodded, "Yes, back to the company." 
There were still many things left unfinished in the company. 
He had to go back to deal with them. 
Actually, he was very busy today, with many things to do, and important matters at that. 
Even he didn’t know how he could put down all those important tasks and come here this time. 
Although she said she could handle it and that he didn’t need to worry, 
But he was still uneasy without coming. 
Worried that she would be wronged, worried that she would be bullied, worried about her... 
Worried about many, many things. 
At first, they got married simply because of her special connection to him, but just a few days after their marriage, he really began to care for her. 
Hearing him say that he had to go back to the company, Joanna raised her head and asked in a hoarse voice, "Do you still have to go back to the company?" 
Ashton Heath lowered his head to look at her, his voice very gentle, "Yes, there are some things that haven’t been dealt with yet, so I need to go back again." 
"If you’re so busy, why did you still..." Joanna bit her lip, looking at the man’s handsome and noble face, asking softly. 
"I was worried about you." 
Ashton Heath saw her still somewhat swollen half-face, his eyes cooled down, sighed softly, "I was afraid that you would be bullied when I wasn’t around. I didn’t expect that I would still be late." 
She still got slapped. 
The man spoke frankly. 
The words "I was worried about you" made Joanna’s heart race. 
Especially when the pair of deep black eyes looked at her, she felt like she had been pulled into the abyss of his gaze. 
She might be unable to get out again unwittingly. 
Even though they hadn’t known each other for a long time, and their feelings hadn’t reached a deep level, his kindness towards her made her a little flustered. 
No one’s efforts are made without expecting a return. 
When he was so good to her, how should she repay him? 
After thinking about it, he seemed to lack nothing. 
The only thing she could return to him... was her body.
###Chapter 168: Chapter 169: It’s not that she minds, it’s me who minds
* 
After crying so much earlier, Joanna Lawrence was exhausted. Not long after getting in the car, she fell asleep, leaning against Ashton Heath. 
In her drowsiness, she felt his phone vibrating. 
Then she heard him pick up the call, 
She faintly heard him say, "I’m not available now." 
"Yeah, I’m with my baby, so I have to accompany her." 
"Just go ahead and make arrangements, but don’t choose any shoddy places." 
"Alright, that’s it. Goodbye." 
Ashton Heath hung up the phone. 
He looked down at the sleeping girl in his arms and whispered to Zack, "Turn up the air conditioning by two degrees." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
After driving for a while, as they passed a fork in the road, Zack asked, "Should we drop Ms. Joanna off at her school first, sir?" 
Ashton Heath pondered for a moment before saying, "Head to the company directly." 
Given her current state, he couldn’t bring himself to let her go to school. 
Zack drove towards Heath Group on a street that was lit by a red light in the distance. 
"Buzz, buzz." 
The phone that was just hung up vibrated again. 
Ashton Heath looked down and saw that Rebecca Kelloway had sent him a message on Twitter: Ashton, I’m back in the country. I’m hanging out with Yannick and the others right now. He said he called you earlier, but you were too busy to join us for dinner. Are you available this afternoon? 
After reading it, he replied: I’m busy. 
Rebecca replied quickly: Then, can I come to your office this afternoon? It’s been a whole year since we last saw each other, and I can’t wait to see you. 
Ashton looked at the deeply asleep Joanna Lawrence, her cheeks red from the warmth, and hesitated for a moment before replying with his phone: I’m pretty busy this afternoon and won’t have time to entertain you. 
Rebecca: You don’t need to worry about me, just go about your business. I can play games in your office while you’re busy. It’s always been like this before, right? 
Rebecca’s message reminded Ashton of their past times together. 
Back then, he and Rebecca indeed had that kind of relationship. 
When he was busy, he didn’t have time to deal with her, but Rebecca didn’t mind. She would find things to do to pass the time. 
Rebecca had grown up with him since childhood. Their relationship was like friendship and somewhat like family. 
Being together was relaxing and casual. 
Ashton used to think that their relationship was quite good. 
If he were still single, had he not married Joanna, he would have agreed to her request. 
But now... 
Even with zero romantic experience, he knew there were some things he couldn’t do anymore. 
After all, he and Rebecca were not real siblings. 
Now that he had Joanna, he had to establish a boundary with other women, even if that woman was Rebecca. 
After contemplating for a moment, he replied: She’s with me right now, so it’s not convenient for you to come. See you tonight. 
A long time passed after he sent the message, and Rebecca didn’t reply. 
Several minutes later, her message finally came through: You haven’t told her about our relationship? She’s not that petty, right? 
Ashton frowned slightly: It’s not that she minds, it’s me who minds. 
Rebecca: You mind? What do you mind about? 
Ashton: Rebecca, I’m married now. She doesn’t have any demands on me, but as a married man, I need to be conscious of my status. No matter what our relationship was in the past, we need to maintain some distance now. If you were the one who got married first, I would do the same. 
This time, Rebecca didn’t reply. 
Ashton didn’t care. He locked his phone screen and put it aside. 
*
###Chapter 169: Chapter 170: Keep it down, don’t wake her up
* 
As they passed by a pharmacy, Ashton Heath asked Zack to stop the car and went in to buy some ointment. 
The marks on Joanna Lawrence’s face had already faded, but her face was still red and swollen. 
Ashton took the ointment and gently applied it to the half of her face that had been slapped. 
Joanna’s skin was fair, so the injury on her face was very noticeable. 
As he applied the ointment, Ashton’s eyes darkened as he looked at her swollen face, and his aura grew colder. 
They arrived at the Heath Group building. 
After parking the car, Zack walked to the back seat and opened the door. 
Joanna was not yet awake, and while Zack was wondering if they should wake her, Mr. Ashton, with careful movements, carried her out of the car. 
"Let’s go." 
Leaving those words behind, Ashton carried Joanna towards the elevator. 
Zack stood behind them for a few seconds, stunned, before quickly following them. 
Mr. Ashton was really spoiling Ms. Joanna. 
Just because he was worried that she would be bullied, he left behind a bunch of important things to support her. 
He had to know that time equaled money here. 
The time he had just spent could have been used to make a lot of money. 
And now, just so as not to wake Ms. Joanna, he was even carrying her into the company! 
With so many employees watching, it was likely to shock them to their core. 
* 
Ashton took the president’s private elevator, which went directly from the parking lot to the floor of the president’s office. 
Although they had avoided the employees in the first-floor lobby, there were still a few female and male secretaries on the president’s office floor. 
As these secretaries watched their usually uninterested in women boss, President Ashton, walk out of the elevator carrying a woman, everyone was stunned. 
They were so stunned they even forgot to greet him. 
It wasn’t until Ashton walked by them carrying Joanna that a few people seemed to suddenly regain their senses and hurriedly greeted respectfully, "President Ashton." 
Just after they had finished greeting, they saw Ashton frown slightly. 
A few secretaries saw his frown and turned pale with fright. 
They thought it was because they hadn’t greeted him in time, so President Ashton was angry. 
They were about to apologize, when they saw Ashton turn his head back, looking somewhat displeased as he swept a glance at them, half-squinting his eyes, lowering his voice and saying, "Quiet down, don’t wake her up." 
A group of secretaries: "" 
It wasn’t that President Ashton was angry about their not greeting him in time? 
But rather, he thought their greeting was too loud, worrying it would wake up the "mysterious woman" in his arms? 
The group was once again shocked and dumbfounded. 
Just what kind of celestial beauty could make their normally indifferent President Heath pamper her like this? 
Two female secretaries stealthily lifted their heads, trying to get a glimpse of the woman Ashton carried and what she looked like. 
Unfortunately, all they could see was a head of raven-black hair, and nothing else. 
The woman’s face was buried against Ashton’s chest. 
They could see that her skin was very pale, almost a glowing cold-white tone. 
Just as they were trying to get a better look, Mr. Ashton carried the woman into his office. 
As soon as the office door closed, the overwhelmed group immediately began an eager discussion: "I’m not seeing things, right? There was a woman in President Ashton’s arms?" 
"You’re not seeing things, it was indeed a woman, we saw her too."
###Chapter 170: Chapter 171: President Ashton of the Heath Family is really too much!
"Our President Ashton is supposed to have no interest in women, right? Where the hell did that woman come from?!" 
"Why does it have to be a woman? I’d rather President Ashton be gay than have a normal sexual orientation." 
"Yeah, it’s better for him to like men than women. If President Ashton is gay, no woman would have a chance with him. Even if we can’t have him, neither can other women. That way, even if we’re sad, it wouldn’t be too bad." 
"I always thought President Ashton’s only flaw was having a questionable sexual orientation. But now you’re telling me he’s normal, and he likes women?!! God, the thought of such a perfect man becoming some woman’s husband just breaks my heart." 
Heartbreak +1" 
"Heartbreak +2" 
"Heartbreak +3" 
* 
Ashton Heath carried Joanna Lawrence into the private resting area of his office. 
This was the place where he would take a break when he was tired from work. 
There was a small bedroom and a bathroom inside. 
He gently put her on the bed, covering her with a small blanket, and adjusted the air conditioner before leaving. 
There were still many documents piled up on his desk. 
Ashton Heath walked over, pulled out a chair and sat down. He picked up a document, glanced at it and then closed it. 
He pressed the intercom button. 
When the call went through, a respectful voice on the other end responded, "President Ashton." 
Ashton’s long fingers tapped the edge of the table as he said in a deep voice, "Come over here. No need to knock, just come in." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
One minute later. 
Cody Aberton pushed open the office door. 
He walked straight to Ashton Heath, slightly bowed his head, and said respectfully, "President Ashton." 
Ashton Heath leaned on one hand, his deep eyes half-closed as if he was thinking about something. 
After a moment, he glanced at Cody Aberton and said, "I want the revenue reports of the Lawrence Group for the past few years. Bring them to me in an hour. Also, find a way to obtain the Lawrence family’s villa on Maple Mountain." 
Cody Aberton was stunned. 
The Lawrence Group? 
Was President Ashton talking about Ms. Joanna’s family’s company? 
What makes President Ashton suddenly interested in the Lawrence family’s company? 
Was it because of Ms. Joanna, and President Ashton wanted to support the Lawrence Group? 
Cody Aberton didn’t know much about the Lawrence Group, but he had the impression it wasn’t a very successful company. 
A few years ago, it had almost gone bankrupt. 
It seemed the current situation of the Lawrence Group wasn’t good either; otherwise, the Lawrence family wouldn’t be in such a decline. 
But, President Ashton mentioned getting the Lawrence family’s villa?! 
Suddenly, Cody Aberton felt that President Ashton didn’t seem to be trying to help the Lawrence family. 
Fearing that he might have misunderstood, he asked under pressure, "President Ashton, do you mean to buy Ms. Joanna’s family’s villa? But the Lawrence family has been living there, and they don’t really need money now. I’m afraid they won’t sell it if we just go and ask." 
"That’s why I’m asking you to find a way," Ashton Heath said coldly, his gaze sweeping over Cody’s face. "Regardless of whether the Lawrence family is willing or not, I want that villa. Send someone to negotiate a price with them. If they refuse, don’t be polite." 
"If you can’t even get a house, you might as well resign now." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
He would do it, couldn’t he just go and get it right away?! 
His boss, Ashton, was really too much. 
Constantly threatening him with resignation and firing.
###Chapter 171: Chapter 172: Can’t Help but Want to Skin Her Alive
His fragile little heart could hardly withstand being threatened again and again. 
"Is there a problem?" Ashton Heath glanced at his slightly resentful expression, his deep eyes narrowing. 
"No!" Cody Aberton immediately stood up straight, his back stiff, looking at him with confident eyes, affirming, "Absolutely no problem. President Ashton, please rest assured, I will definitely handle the tasks you’ve assigned." 
"Hmm." 
Ashton Heath waved his hand: "Go out. There’s someone sleeping in the room, close the door gently." 
Cody Aberton: "...Yes." 
*
Hospital. 
Ever since Rose Liall had woken up from her coma, she had been crying non-stop. 
"Mom, stop crying already." 
Annie Lawrence was becoming a bit irritable from her continuous crying, her tone hardened, "What’s the use of constantly crying? I’m already annoyed enough, can you give me some peace and quiet?" 
Annie’s assistant was holding an ice pack to her swollen face. 
In half a month, her new TV series would start shooting. 
By then, she naturally couldn’t show up to the film shooting with a swollen face. 
Moreover, she had an announcement in two days, and she had to get rid of the bruise on her face before that. 
With red eyes, Rose Liall raised her head, her face full of anger, "You ungrateful girl, what do you mean! Your mother has been bullied like this, and you don’t feel sorry for me, but you find me annoying? Is this the attitude a daughter should have?" 
Annie Lawrence pursed her lips, her face also full of anger, she gritted her teeth and said in a low voice, "Do you think you’re the only one who’s been bullied? What’s the use of crying at a time like this? What problem can it solve? Right now, I just want Joanna to pay a painful price." 
Hearing the mention of Joanna, Rose Liall’s eyes filled with hatred, her facial expression became twisted, she gritted her teeth and said, "That little bitch is really hateful, I wish I could skin her alive." 
"Who knows where she found that man! Actually bullying us like this, it’s simply infuriating! Every time I think of that little bitch trampling us underfoot, I can’t swallow this anger!" 
"By the way, have you called David Benington?" 
Listening to her babbling complaints, Annie’s thoughts had already wandered elsewhere. 
The man Joanna had gotten involved with wasn’t just some wild man. 
He was a man even better than David Benington. 
Before meeting that man, she thought David Benington was quite good, and she was very satisfied with his qualities. 
A man like David could make her look good wherever they went. 
But now... 
She began to feel unsatisfied. 
As soon as she compared that mysterious man with David, she realized that the qualities she originally thought were to David’s advantage were no longer worth mentioning. 
The gap between him and that mysterious man was like heaven and earth. 
There was simply no comparison. 
Her competitive spirit had always been strong, so how could she tolerate the man Joanna found being better than hers! 
"Annie, are you listening to me at all!" 
Rose Liall’s annoyed voice rang in her ears, pulling Annie back to reality from her wandering thoughts. 
Rose Liall frowned at her, "I asked if you called David Benington and when he’s coming to the hospital. What are you doing, you look so out of it. Also, who is that man with Joanna? Do you know him?"
###Chapter 172: Chapter 174: Does He Have Someone Else on the Outside?
Annie Lawrence was annoyed, and replied irritably, "He said he’s negotiating a very important contract and will come later." 
"What?!" Rose Liall looked dissatisfied. "After something like this happened, he still has the mood to talk about some damn contract. Didn’t you tell him that we are in the hospital now?" 
"I did." 
Talking about this matter, Annie also felt uncomfortable: "He thinks the situation is not very serious." 
Thinking of how the mysterious man stood up for Joanna Lawrence, and then thinking about David Benington’s not-so-caring attitude, Annie’s chest was full of fire. 
She had thought that knowing she had been beaten, David would come over as soon as possible. 
But he didn’t. 
He just expressed some sympathy over the phone and got back to his business. 
Even though Annie now has a new goal, David’s attitude still makes her feel bitter. 
Because she remembered very clearly that one year Joanna had encountered a similar situation. 
David was also talking business with someone at the time, but he quickly rushed to her side. 
She saw it back then and couldn’t help but feel envious and jealous. 
"His girlfriend and future mother-in-law were both beaten up and sent to the hospital, and he thinks it’s not serious?" Rose Liall was so angry that she almost jumped out of bed. "He’s really not taking us seriously. You said he cares about you and likes you, didn’t you? Now you’re pregnant with his child, and he’s treating you like this. How’s it going to work in the future!" 
"Could it be..." 
Rose Liall’s face changed suddenly, grabbing Annie’s hand, anxiously said, "Did he find someone else?" 
Thinking that her daughter was pregnant and couldn’t satisfy David’s needs in that aspect. 
David is the boss of Galaxy Agency, with countless beauties in his company. 
There must be some sirens trying to seduce him, and now is the best time. 
Thinking of this, Rose Liall’s face became even more unpleasant: "Annie, hurry up and call David to find out where he is. You go and check. I suspect he’s being held up by some siren." 
"He’s so well off, there must be many sirens wanting to seduce him. You must be more careful and don’t give any chance." 
Annie’s face changed, "Mom, David isn’t that kind of person." 
Rose Liall scoffed, "Not many men are good, and few can refuse women who actively pursue them. If he wasn’t that kind of person, how could you have snatched him from Joanna?!" 
Her words felt like a slap in Annie’s face.
It stung. 
She yelled angrily, "Mom!" 
It was only then that Rose Liall realized she had said the wrong thing and ended up scolding her daughter as well. 
She quickly put on a smile and explained, "Ahem, Annie, I wasn’t talking about you, I was talking about those shameless sirens." 
This sounded like she was only making things worse. 
Annie stared coldly, and with a loud smack, slapped Steve’s face, venting all her anger on him: "Clumsy, can’t even handle such a simple task." 
Steve trembled with fear and cried, "I’m sorry, Annie." 
Steve’s eyebrows and eyes looked somewhat similar to Joanna’s. 
The reason Annie chose Steve as her assistant was also because of this. 
Whenever she was unhappy, she would vent her anger on Steve, bullying him as if bullying Joanna. 
It made Annie feel a thrill of pleasure.
###Chapter 173: Chapter 175 She Must Find a Way to Stop It
Looking at Steve’s pitiful face, Annie’s anger only grew stronger. She slapped him across the face again, scowling, "You’re always moping around. It’s so unlucky. Get out of here!" 
The assistant, wronged and crying, dared not rebuff a word. She wiped her tears and turned to leave. 
After the assistant left, Rose Liall frowned at Annie and said, "You shouldn’t be so harsh to your assistants. Aren’t you afraid that she’ll expose you? You’re a public figure now, you can’t ruin your image." 
Annie sneered, "I know her, she doesn’t have the guts." 
Rose wanted to offer further advice, but Annie cut her off irritably, "Enough, Mom, I know what I’m doing." 
With that said, she took out her phone and made a call. 
It was quickly connected. 
With a cold voice, Annie asked, "Have you called Joanna about the stand-in?" 
A few seconds later. 
"What?!" Annie gritted her teeth, her expression turning ugly, "She refused?" 
A few more seconds passed before she slammed down the phone in frustration, even throwing it on the floor. 
Rose jumped in shock, "What happened?" 
Annie remained silent, her fingers tightening at the thought of the phone call. 
Joanna had refused the stand-in job. 
It must be because of that mysterious man. Now that Joanna had him as her supporter, there was no need for her to accept roles that paid so little. 
Annie could suddenly sense danger. 
If that man decided to promote Joanna, just like how David Benington promoted her, wouldn’t that wretch have a chance to become famous? 
Annie understood better than anyone that Joanna was superior to her in all aspects. 
For a few auditioning roles previously, the directors had favored Joanna. It was only after seeking David’s help did she managed to steal those roles. 
Otherwise... 
That wretch wouldn’t be doing minor roles even till now. 
Of course, Joanna knew nothing about these. 
Annie was very clear about what might happen if Joanna was given a chance. 
That wretch might not only become famous, but might even surpass her current achievements! 
How could she ever tolerate such a thing happening! 
No, she must find a way to stop it before that wretch becomes famous. 
"Mom, you should rest. I have to go out for a while. I’ll come back later to see you." Annie took out her large sunglasses from her bag and put them on, grabbed her bag, and walked out of the hospital room. 
* 
Rose Liall was staying in Hospital Ward B. 
After leaving the main door of Hospital Ward B, Annie made a turn and walked down a small path towards Hospital Ward C. 
She remembered that Jeremy Lawrence was staying in the building of Hospital Ward C. 
However, when she found the room where Jeremy had stayed based on her memory, she found that the room was now occupied by someone else. 
She found a nurse to ask. 
The nurse glanced at her and asked, "Miss, may I know what is your relationship with Mr. Lawrence?" 
Annie thought for a while, suppressing her disgust, "I am his sister." 
The nurse was taken aback, looking her up and down a few times before saying doubtfully, "Mr. Lawrence does have a sister who has visited him in the hospital, but..." 
"I am his second sister." Impatience crossed Annie’s face, "Didn’t he tell you that he has two sisters? Just tell me if he has been discharged from the hospital." 
The nurse saw her well-dressed appearance and the fact that she claimed herself to be Jeremy’s second sister, she thought that this lady could not possibly be lying.
###Chapter 174: Chapter 176: You suspect me of deceiving you?
Suddenly, their attitudes towards her became much more respectful: "Ah, I apologize. Ms. Joanna, Mr. Lawrence has not been discharged yet. However, he has been moved to a different room and no longer resides here." 
Annie Lawrence blinked. "He’s not here anymore? Where was he moved to?" 
The nurse glanced at her, wondering to herself how a sibling could not know this. 
Still, she politely responded, "Mr. Lawrence was moved to the VIP ward in a special area quite some time ago." 
Annie Lawrence’s face suddenly changed upon hearing "VIP ward in a special area." 
A look of disbelief appeared on her face. 
"Are you sure Jeremy Lawrence was moved there?" 
If it was a VIP ward in a special area, it wouldn’t be a place just anyone could stay. 
Even if they had money, it wouldn’t be enough. 
Those who could stay in that area were all extremely prominent and important figures. 
When Sir Luther of the Benington family fell ill and was hospitalized, David’s father strained his connections yet he was still unable to get Sir Luther into that VIP ward. 
Could it be that Jeremy Lawrence, a poor and insignificant individual, managed to get in?! 
However, she quickly speculated that it must be that mysterious man who had arranged for Jeremy Lawrence to be moved there. 
A deep-seated jealousy rose in her heart. 
Even the Benington family could not pull this off, yet that man could. 
Who exactly was he? 
What is his identity exactly? 
She had met most of the heirs from Closia’s wealthy families, yet she had no impression whatsoever of this man. 
Could it be that he did not reside in Closia before this? 
"I would like to see my brother, please lead me there." Annie Lawrence took a deep breath, suppressing various emotions of discontent and jealousy. She ordered the nurse in a commanding tone. 
At this moment, however, the nurse began to doubt her identity. 
"Miss Joanna, you can call Mr. Lawrence. He will tell you which room he’s staying in." 
"What do you mean?" Annie Lawrence’s brows furrowed, "You suspect that I am lying to you?" 
"Miss Joanna, it’s not that..." 
"I am Annie Lawrence." 
Annie Lawrence removed her sunglasses, revealing her concealed face. Irritatedly, she asked, "Do you still think I am lying to you?" 
The nurse looked up to see Annie Lawrence’s still-swollen face, and was startled. 
Upon closer examination, the woman standing in front of her with a swollen face indeed seemed to be Annie Lawrence, the current first-class rising starlet. 
But how did Annie Lawrence’s face become so swollen? 
It looked as if she had been severely beaten. 
Furthermore, she was unusual for being another sibling of Jeremy Lawrence? 
This was indeed surprising. 
Jeremy Lawrence had been hospitalized for quite a while but Annie Lawrence never paid him a visit. 
During various interviews in the past, Annie Lawrence never mentioned that she had a sister and brother. 
The nurse faintly guessed something. 
It seems that the relationship within this family is quite complicated. 
Also, while it was often said that Annie Lawrence was down-to-earth and approachable, it appeared this was all a facade. 
There was not the slightest hint of approachability in her impatient behavior just now. 
As expected, one could not place too much trust in the public image a celebrity portrays! 
* 
She was escorted to the VIP ward where Jeremy Lawrence was residing. 
When she noticed a few bodyguards standing outside the ward, she became petrified. 
The nurse stepped forward and explained her identity to the bodyguards.
The bodyguards scrutinized her for a few seconds and then said in a cold voice, "Please wait for a moment." 
After saying that, a bodyguard turned and entered the ward. 
As Annie Lawrence stood at the entrance, wanting to go in directly, she was stopped by someone.
###Chapter 175: Chapter 177: Who are you, I don’t know you
The bodyguards waiting outside spoke coldly to her, "To visit Mr. Jeremy Lawrence, you need his permission to enter." 
She was furious. 
How dare that short-lived ghost Jeremy put on such a big show with her? 
What was he?! 
"You, get out of my way. I am Jeremy’s sister. Do I need his permission to see my own brother?" 
The bodyguards still blocked her, speaking coldly, "Sorry, Mr. Jeremy’s sister, we only know of one Miss Joanna Lawrence. Who are you?" 
"Damn it, I am..." 
Before Annie could announce herself, she heard Jeremy’s voice coming from the hospital room, "I don’t know this woman. You can chase her away." 
Hearing Jeremy say he didn’t know her, Annie was so angry she nearly stomped her foot, but thinking of the purpose of her trip, she held back her anger and changed to a gentle tone: "Jeremy, I am your sister. How can you not know me?" 
"Are you angry that I didn’t come to see you? I was really too busy recently. I wanted to come but couldn’t. I came as soon as I could. You stop being angry with me and let me in to talk to you, okay?"
The young man inside the hospital room had delicate features and a cold expression on his face. He looked at her without emotion, "Sister? I only have one sister. I don’t know who you are." 
Being repeatedly insulted, Annie felt like throwing up. 
The fake gentleness on her face also began to stiffen. 
She took a deep breath, clenched her fists, and forced a stiff smile, "Jeremy, I came to find you because there is something very important that I need to tell you. It’s about your sister Joanna. Don’t you really want to know?" 
Jeremy raised his eyebrows and stared at her for a few seconds. 
Seeing the expression on his face soften, Annie hurried to say, "I know how much you care about Joanna, and I care about her too. So this matter must be brought to your attention. Joanna has always valued you, and only you can convince her." 
"What is it that you’re talking about?" 
"Let me in first; these things should not be disclosed to outsiders." 
A hint of hesitation appeared on the pretty, delicate face of the young man. After a moment, he told the bodyguards outside, "Let her in." 
* 
As soon as Annie entered the hospital room and closed the door, Jeremy immediately asked, "What is it? Tell me." 
As a child, Jeremy only had a good relationship with Joanna Lawrence. 
The two of them never got along with Annie. 
As they grew up, they became even more at odds. 
After learning that Annie was still involved with David Benington, Jeremy’s disgust for her increased tremendously. 
If it wasn’t for the fact that she mentioned Joanna, he wouldn’t have seen her. 
After entering the hospital room, Annie looked around, thinking there’s no wonder why everyone with money wants to stay here. 
The difference between this hospital room and others is too huge. 
She saw expensive flowers on the bedside table and coffee table, and various luxurious supplements - there were so many she couldn’t keep up. 
The more she saw, the more uncomfortable she felt inside. 
It was obvious that the man valued Jeremy as well. 
This showed that he cared deeply about Joanna. 
Just thinking about it made her feel sour, and it was especially unpleasant. 
She walked slowly to the side of the hospital bed, looked down at Jeremy, and feigned concern, "Jeremy, how are you now? Are you feeling any better?" 
Jeremy didn’t even want to engage in this fake exchange with her. He responded curtly, "I won’t die."
###Chapter 176: Chapter 178: Let her break up with that man quickly
Annie Lawrence: "..." 
That damned brat. 
Now he’s becoming just like his sister, acting so arrogant since he has someone to rely on! 
"Just say whatever it is you want to say." Jeremy Lawrence was annoyed by the sight of her, with an impatient look on his face, without giving her any face, "What is this matter related to my sister that you want to talk about?" 
Usually, Annie wouldn’t even have to bother about his mood. 
But at this moment, she had no choice but to endure it. 
She was extremely angry in her heart, gritting her teeth and suppressing her fury, feigning a worried look, and sighed, "It’s about my sister’s personal issues. Did you know she recently met a man? Jeremy, have you met that man?" 
Jeremy Lawrence narrowed his eyes, "Are you talking about Ashton?" 
Annie’s expression changed abruptly, "What did you call him?" 
"Ashton." Jeremy Lawrence sneered, saying with a hint of boasting, "Of course I’ve met him. The first time we met, he gave me a watch worth several million dollars. Ashton is handsome, rich, and treats my sister so well. He and my sister are truly a match made in heaven." 
"Ah, only someone like Ashton deserves my sister, who is such a good woman." 
Annie was completely dumbfounded. 
The moment Jeremy said "Ashton", she was like a thunderbolt, leaving her speechless for a while. 
Jeremy looked at her dumbstruck expression, curved his lips, and felt thrilled deep inside, "Is this the matter you wanted to talk about? In that case, you don’t have to say anything." 
"Jeremy, you called him Ashton? Do you know what that title means?" Annie clenched her fists, her voice trembling slightly. 
"Of course I know. Since my sister married him, what else can I call him?" 
Humph, he wanted this scumbag man and shameless woman to know that his sister wasn’t the pitiful person who was abandoned and left unwanted by others. 
His sister was happy now. 
She was a hundred times, a thousand times happier than when she was with that scumbag, David! 
Marriage?! 
When Jeremy mentioned the word, Annie was so astonished that she took a step back. 
That’s impossible. 
Absolutely impossible. 
Disbelief was written all over her face, "Jeremy, did you mishear? You said they got married? Who told you this?" 
Joanna had just broken up with David not long ago. 
How could she be married to another man so soon? 
Annie simply refused to believe this could be true. 
"My sister told me herself." Jeremy glanced at Annie’s reaction, his young handsome eyebrows furrowing as he spoke cautiously, "Annie, are you trying to hit on Ashton again? Let me tell you, don’t even dream about it." 
"Ashton is not like David, that scumbag who can’t resist temptation. In his eyes, there’s only my sister. Don’t even fantasize about it!" 
Annie’s intentions were so bluntly exposed that she couldn’t help but feel a bit ashamed and angry, "You believe whatever Joanna says? She didn’t marry that man at all, she’s being financially supported by him!" 
"I came here today to talk about this matter. Jeremy, the relationship between my sister and that man is not what she said it is. She’s currently being financially supported by him, being someone’s mistress. What she’s doing is completely tarnishing the reputation of the Lawrence family!" 
"I think, you wouldn’t want to see her continue to degenerate, right? She won’t listen to what anyone else says, but she might listen to you. You’d better advise her to break up with that man as soon as possible."
###Chapter 177: Chapter 179: You crazy person!
Even though Jeremy Lawrence said so, Annie Lawrence still couldn’t believe that Joanna Lawrence was married to that man. 
How could that be possible? 
Such a wealthy and noble man would choose a woman like Joanna Lawrence to be his wife? 
Wealthy families always match in social and economic status. 
She could be with David Benington because she has been doing well in the entertainment industry. Even if the Lawrence family doesn’t have much wealth, her earning ability is not bad. 
But Joanna Lawrence? 
She’s nothing more than a poor woman with some looks, at most she could be someone’s mistress, played with and then discarded. 
She’s nothing more than a mistress financially supported by that man with a prominent identity. 
Even if she is favored now, once the man gets bored, she’ll definitely be kicked away. 
"You’re talking nonsense!" Jeremy Lawrence was furious after hearing her words and cursed her angrily, "Joanna is nothing like what you described. Annie Lawrence, don’t assume everyone is as shameless and immoral as you." 
"Get out, get out now!" 
"If you dare to say anything bad about Joanna again in front of me, don’t blame me for being rude." Jeremy Lawrence clenched his fists and gritted his teeth, looking at her. 
Annie Lawrence’s face turned green with anger. 
She didn’t expect Jeremy Lawrence to defend Joanna to this extent. 
She was scolded and felt a burst of anger, her pretentious gentleness almost couldn’t hold up. 
She took a deep breath, suppressing the urge to flare up and tried to persuade again, "Jeremy, everything I said is true. Joanna is being supported by that man..." 
"Get out!" Jeremy Lawrence’s face turned pale, he picked up a cup from the bedside table and threw it at her, "Get out of here!"
Annie Lawrence’s words were cut off when she saw a glass cup flying towards her. 
Her face changed, and she quickly dodged it. 
The cup smashed on the ground with a "crash," and water splashed everywhere. 
"Jeremy Lawrence, have you gone mad?!" Unable to bear any more, Annie Lawrence finally exploded and gritted her teeth in anger. 
"Aren’t you leaving?" Jeremy Lawrence picked up another vase in a fit of anger. 
"You—you’re crazy!" Seeing that he was about to throw that vase at her as well, a scared Annie Lawrence immediately turned around and ran towards the door. 
When she reached the door, she stopped, her face full of unwillingness, "Jeremy, everything I said is true. Joanna knew you couldn’t accept this, so she lied about getting married. You need a lot of money for your surgery, and she refused to accept help from me and David. In a way, she did this for you, but..." 
At this point, she sighed, "It’s still not something honorable. I’ve said what I had to say, whether you believe it or not is up to you." 
After finishing, Annie Lawrence walked out of the hospital room. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence woke up, she found herself in an unfamiliar place. 
She walked out of the lounge and saw Ashton Heath, who was concentrating on his work at his desk. 
The man had his sleeves rolled up, and the top two buttons of his black shirt were undone, revealing his beautifully toned arms. 
From that angle where he was bending his head down, the curve of his jawline seemed incredibly sexy and alluring. 
The office was quiet, with only the occasional sound of him flipping through documents. 
Some mottled sunlight streamed in through the window and fell on the deep gray floor. 
It is said that a man is most charming when he is concentrating on his work. 
Joanna Lawrence thought this was absolutely true. 
Ashton Heath’s focused look at work was really charming. 
When he didn’t speak and had no expression on his face, the aura of abstinence was strong all over his body.
###Chapter 178: Chapter 180: A Scene of Abusing the Dog
It was hard to associate him at this moment with the passionate flirt he was in front of her before. 
It felt like they weren’t the same person. 
Not wanting to disturb his work, she quietly tiptoed out. As she was just taking a step, she saw the man who was seriously reading documents a second ago slowly raise his head, looking straight at her. 
He opened his mouth, his voice gentle and sexy, asking her, "Baby, did you sleep well?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She bit her lip, feeling a little embarrassed as she walked towards him, "Did I disturb you?" 
"No." 
Ashton Heath put down the pen in his hand and beckoned her with his fingers. 
Just as Joanna walked up to him, he reached out and pulled her into his embrace, his strong arm wrapping around her waist, holding her delicate body as she sat on his lap. 
The warm breath blew against her ear, and the man’s voice practically pressed against it as he spoke, "You are much more important than work." 
Joanna’s face instantly turned red. 
Since she had just woken up, her face was already red, so it wasn’t that noticeable. 
One moment, the man emanated an air of abstinence, and the next, he was flirting with her in various ways. 
Her heart raced wildly. 
"Why didn’t you take me back to school?" His breath scattered against her ear, like a feather gently brushing past, causing her ear to tickle. Joanna turned her head slightly, trying to avoid it. 
The man chuckled softly, "You fell asleep in the car. Seeing you sleep so soundly, I couldn’t bear to wake you up, so I just brought you to the company." 
Joanna had already informed Aria Rowlett beforehand. 
So, not going to school in the afternoon didn’t matter much. 
"...Can you let me go?" With Joanna in his arms, she could only breathe in his scent. Pressed against his warm, solid chest, her heart raced incredibly fast. 
So fast that...it frightened her a little. 
This feeling was foreign to her, enough to make her feel unsettled. 
It wasn’t like this when she was with David Benington. 
Perhaps it was because she and David had known each other for so long, while she and Ashton didn’t know each other very well. 
That’s why she wasn’t used to the excessive intimacy between them. 
"Can’t." The man chuckled again, patting her head with a doting look in his eyes that she didn’t see, "Baby, I like holding you like this. Don’t you like me holding you?" 
Joanna: "..." 
"Hm? Do you like it when your husband holds you like this?" 
She didn’t answer. The man lifted her chin, his deep, enchanting eyes gazing at her, "Answer me." 
Joanna felt her face burning hot as if on fire, heat constantly seeping from her pores. Her eyes flickered a few times, "Ashton Heath, I..." 
Knock, knock, knock. 
At this moment, there was a knock on the door. 
A voice sounded from outside, "President Ashton, there’s a document that needs your personal review." 
Joanna immediately tried to push Ashton away. 
However, the man seemed to have anticipated her move, tightening his arm around her, holding her firmly, and nipping her earlobe gently, "Don’t move." 
Joanna stiffened, her ears starting to heat up as well. 
Seeing her shy and blushing face, Ashton Heath’s lips curved in amusement, and he raised his head to address the person outside, "Come in." 
* 
Cody Aberton opened the door, only to witness a scene of dog abuse. 
His boss, President Ashton, held Ms. Joanna in his arms while sitting at his desk, one hand holding a document and the other wrapped around Ms. Joanna’s waist.
###Chapter 179: Chapter 181: So This is President Ashton!
Cody Aberton: "..." 
He never expected President Ashton to be like this! 
He always seemed so serious. 
But he’s actually cooing over his spouse during working hours. 
Moreover, he doesn’t avoid doing it in front of his subordinates! 
Cody Aberton, the essence of a single man, walked into the office with resentment, carrying a document in his hand. 
"President Ashton." He presented the report, "This is the latest financial statement for this quarter." 
"Mm." Ashton Heath took it, acknowledging nonchalantly, "Announce that we’ll finish work one hour early today." 
Cody Aberton: "?!?" 
He lifted his head in surprise, his face full of disbelief, fearing he might have misheard: "Finish work one hour early?" 
He must be dreaming. 
"What, you don’t want to?" Ashton Heath glanced at him. His facial expression was no different than usual, but his eyes held a certain delight seldom seen before. 
Cody Aberton looked at him, then at Joanna Lawrence in his arms, and quickly realized something. 
Indeed, being in love does change people. 
Even President Heath, deeply in love, was no exception. 
He seemed to be... more affable and human than usual. 
For the first time in his life, he was able to finish work early. Even if it was just one hour earlier, Cody Aberton felt particularly pleased. 
He immediately responded: "I will, I will. I’ll make the announcement right away." 
"Mm, go ahead." 
Ashton Heath waved at him, signaling he could leave. 
Not daring to linger, Cody Aberton hurriedly left, leaving the space for the couple. 
Once he had left, only Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence were left in the office. 
As Ashton Heath held Joanna, he began looking over the financial statement. 
Joanna Lawrence waited a while in his arms before realizing he had no intention of letting her go. She looked up at him, bit her lip, and muttered softly: "Can you let me go now?" 
The man lowered his head with a bewitching look in his eyes, "Hmm?" 
"Don’t you still have work to do?" Joanna glanced at the financial statement in his hand, "I will disrupt you." 
"No." 
Ashton Heath smiled faintly, instantly making Joanna’s heart flutter: "Holding you makes me work more efficiently. Just let me hold you for a bit longer, then I can finish work sooner, and I’ll be with you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Who wants him to accompany her anyway? 
After Ashton Heath finished speaking, he stroked her head and continued to peruse the financial statement. 
He quickly entered his working mode again, adopting a serious attitude that enthralls and tempts Joanna. 
In the meantime, he stopped teasing her. 
Joanna lay in his arms for a while until drowsiness overcame her. 
* 
When she awoke, she found herself in a different place. 
She was still in Ashton Heath’s arms, but he had moved her to the car. 
She rubbed her eyes, looked at the buildings whirling past outside the car window, and after a moment of blurred vision, she asked in a soft voice: "Where are we going?" 
Her voice was naturally soft, sweet, and sultry. 
Just waking up, she sounded even more charming and slightly dazed, which made Ashton Heath fond of her voice. 
He lowered his head, using his slender, fair fingers to lift her chin, and kissed her. 
The still dazed Joanna Lawrence: "Ooh..." 
When the man’s unexpected kiss was about to make her fall asleep again, he finally released her swelling lips with a deep gaze.
###Chapter 180: Chapter 182: I Don’t Like Timid Women
He leaned against her forehead, panting heavily. 
The arm wrapped around her waist tightened, and he said in a hoarse voice, "You’ve been taught so many times, yet you still haven’t learned how to breathe properly? It seems we’ll have to practice more often in the future." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
They already practiced frequently enough, alright! 
Every time he saw her, he kissed her. 
He had become a kissing maniac. 
And every time he kissed her so deeply, she felt that he would kiss her to death! 
Zack, sitting in the front, saw this scene, kept his eyes on his nose, his nose on his lips, and secretly laughed. 
How nice. 
It seemed that Mr. Ashton’s problems were completely cured now. 
Now, not only can he touch women, but he also has no issues with intimate actions. 
Thanks to Ms. Joanna. 
* 
Ten minutes later. 
The black Rolls-Royce stopped outside a private club. 
As soon as Ashton Heath got out of the car, he reached out and held Joanna Lawrence’s hand. 
Joanna had just tried to struggle, but felt him holding her hand even tighter. 
With the manager’s lead, he walked with her into the Luxe Lounge. 
As they walked, he said to her, "Grady and Rebecca Kelloway are already here, waiting for us in the private room." 
Joanna was a little nervous. 
All of them knew each other, and she was the only stranger at the party. 
She didn’t know if her presence would be good or bad, or if it would affect them. 
And his friends... 
Though he said there was no need to worry too much, she couldn’t help but worry. 
"Um..." She bit her lip and tugged on his sleeve. 
"Hmm?" Ashton Heath looked down at her. 
"You said this meeting is to welcome your friend, so shouldn’t we buy a gift for her?" 
Coming empty-handed made her feel a little embarrassed. 
"No need." Ashton Heath said indifferently, "She’s not an outsider, so there’s no need to be so formal." 
They stopped outside a private room, led by the club manager. 
The door was ajar. 
As they walked over, Joanna heard a woman’s delicate laughter from inside: "Grady, are you trying to die? You must be itching for trouble!" 
"Stop, Ms. Rebecca, I can’t take your iron palm strike!" 
"You and your iron palm strike!" 
Again, the door was ajar. 
"When is Ashton coming? Should we call him?" 
"I just sent him a message on Twitter, he should be here soon. Oh, and Ashton told us to behave ourselves when Ms. Joanna arrives, so we don’t scare her off the first time we meet." 
"Hmph." A scoffing sound came from a young man with a voice that was gorgeous and pleasant to hear but with a hint of cold indifference, "As if we’re that scary. If she’s that timid, she shouldn’t even come." 
"I certainly don’t like timid women." 
"When did Ashton start liking weak and useless women?" 
"Frank, say that in front of us, but never in front of Ashton and Ms. Joanna. You know Ashton, he’s fiercely protective of the people he cares about. If you say something like that about his wife, he might turn against you." 
"Hmph." The young man with the gorgeous voice scoffed again, laughing coldly, "If he’s willing to give up his brotherhood for a woman he barely knows, so be it. I don’t care." 
"Frank." The woman’s voice sounded again, "Isn’t your behavior also giving up important people for someone unimportant?"
###Chapter 181: Chapter 183: I’m Fine, Don’t Be Angry
"No matter what kind of person that woman is, since Ashton... likes her, and she’s married to Ashton too, we... should try to accommodate her a bit." 
"Hmph." 
"Alright, alright, keep your voices down, don’t let Ashton hear you when he arrives later." 
At this moment, Joanna Lawrence, who was standing outside the door and listening to everything they were saying: "..." 
Should she quietly leave? 
This was too awkward. 
What a coincidence that she heard all of this. 
It seemed that the people in the private room had quite a few complaints about her, thinking that she was too timid and weak, and expressed their dislike of her in their words. 
Especially that man with the gorgeous-sounding voice, he seemed to have the most ions. 
Yannick Luther just called him Frank earlier... 
So, was he the peculiar man that Ashton Heath had mentioned before? 
Although she hadn’t met him yet, Joanna had a premonition that this man would not be easy to get along with. 
She heard everything inside, and naturally, the man beside her heard it too. 
Joanna turned her head and saw Ashton Heath’s thick black eyebrows tightly furrowed, his face darkened, his thin lips tightly pressed, and a faint sign of anger emerging. 
She hurriedly tugged at his sleeve, and when he lowered his head to look at her, she gently shook her head and whispered, "It’s okay, don’t be angry. I believe your friends didn’t mean any harm, they just haven’t met me and don’t understand me yet." 
Joanna didn’t want Ashton to have any conflict with his friends because of her. 
The people inside already had a bad impression of her. 
If he made trouble with them because of her, they would probably really hate her. 
That wasn’t what she wanted to see. 
Ashton stared at her for a while, his pitch-black eyes narrowing, and probably considering her concerns, his facial expression relaxed slightly. 
But his face still didn’t look good. 
The hand that held her tightened, and their fingers locked tightly together. 
After a brief exchange of glances, he softly uttered a "hm" and pushed open the door. 
As soon as the door was pushed open, the voices inside the private room disappeared. 
The people inside simultaneously turned their heads to look at them. 
For an instant, Joanna felt like a monkey caged in a zoo, with several curious and probing gazes falling on her. 
She immediately felt a bit constrained. 
Fortunately, she had Ashton with her, which somewhat avoided any embarrassment. 
There was a man in a dark purple shirt sitting directly across from Joanna, with a black diamond earring in one ear, slightly long hair tied up, and fine bangs covering half his brow and eyes. 
He had a very striking peach blossom face, beautiful features that were even more delicate and attractive than many women’s. 
The slightly upturned peach blossom eyes revealed a hint of cheekiness and charm, giving people an impression of a playboy at first glance. 
There was also a man in white clothes and pants sitting next to the purple-shirted man. 
Another extremely handsome and outstanding man, who, compared to the man in purple, had a few more shades of soft, dark enchantment. 
The man in white exuded a chilly aura all over, and the moment Joanna saw him, she couldn’t help but shudder, raising goosebumps all over her body. 
She thought of an animal that scared her. 
A snake! 
The man in white gave her the feeling of a cold-blooded poisonous snake with no warmth.
###Chapter 182: Chapter 184: How Can He Have No Home Training?!
Before Joanna Lawrence could size up Rebecca Kelloway, she saw the man in purple clothes widen his eyes and suddenly stood up. 
The man’s long, peach blossom eyes stared at her and Ashton Heath’s intertwined hands, his eyes widened, his face full of disbelief: "Ashton, is this... our little sister-in-law?!" 
Yannick Luther felt as if ten thousand mud horses were galloping through his heart. 
At this moment, only the phrase "What the f*ck" could express his current mood. 
He knew that his little sister-in-law was still a student and not very old. 
But...
After staring at the hands of the two people holding each other, Yannick looked at Joanna’s still-adolescent and innocent face, and his heart was filled with "What the f*ck" feelings. 
His little sister-in-law seemed way too young! 
Was she even an adult? 
This face looked like a 16- or 17-year-old senior high school student, someone people might believe, right? 
Ashton... couldn’t have really been a beast and touched someone underaged, right?! 
That would really be beastly. 
Even if they were good buddies who grew up together wearing open-crotch pants, he would definitely resist such beastly behavior! 
Looking at Yannick’s eyes still investigating Joanna, Ashton’s eyes darkened, and he reached out, possessively wrapping his arm around the little woman’s waist beside him. 
The man’s cold gaze fell on Yannick Luther, with a hint of warning: "Have you seen enough? Have you greeted your sister-in-law yet? You have no manners." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
How was he now lacking manners?! 
Also, he felt that Ashton’s gaze just now seemed a bit dangerous. 
It was as if... he regarded him as a love rival. 
Looking at Ashton’s possessive expression, Yannick’s mouth twitched, and for his safety, he quickly looked away. 
"Ahem ahem, sister-in-law, hello." Yannick hooked up the corner of his lips and extended a hand to Joanna, "I’m Yannick Luther, Ashton’s... good brother. We used to live in the same courtyard." 
Ashton Heath and Yannick’s grandfathers were both soldiers. When they were young, the two lived in the Military District Compound for several years. 
"You, you_hello, I’m Joanna."> 
Yannick still appeared very friendly and approachable, so Joanna had a good impression of him. 
She also extended a hand to him. 
Just as Yannick’s hand touched Joanna’s, a slender, fair hand blocked him. 
Yannick: "..." 
Damn, why like this?! 
It was just a handshake. 
Was it really necessary to block him?! 
Ashton’s possessiveness seemed a bit perverted. 
As if he were a pervert taking advantage of Joanna! 
Ashton completely ignored Yannick’s gaze filled with complaints and dissatisfaction, holding Joanna’s soft little hand in his palm: "That’s Grady, he’s ranked third among us, just call him Grady like you do me." 
After that, he introduced the other two people in the private room: "That’s Frank Parker, ranked fourth in our group, you can just call him Frank." 
Frank Parker raised his head slightly, looking a bit dissatisfied. 
Was he supposed to let a seemingly underage girl call him Frank? 
He couldn’t accept that. 
He knitted his brows, wanting to say something, but Rebecca Kelloway lightly tugged on his arm. 
Frank pursed his lips and turned his head away. 
"Joanna, hello, my name is Rebecca Kelloway." 
The woman next to Frank stood up and proactively greeted Joanna: "Nice to meet you."
###Chapter 183: Chapter 185: Does Rebecca Kelloway Have Hostility Towards Her?
"We are all good friends with Ashton, and Ashton and I have known each other since we were kids. I heard you two got married? Congratulations on your wedding." 
As Rebecca spoke, she secretly sized Joanna up. 
The more she looked, the more uncomfortable she felt.
Yannick had told her that Joanna was a college student, but he didn’t mention that she was so beautiful. 
Even though her face seemed a little youthful, her delicate and pretty features were very eye-catching. 
Furthermore, this girl’s skin was as white as snow, her whole person seemed to be glowing. 
The place where Rebecca stayed had strong sunlight and intense ultraviolet rays. 
Even though she applied sunscreen every day and didn’t get much darker, compared to the snowball-like girl in front of her, she seemed much darker. 
Joanna had a small face with the size of a palm, a head of black shiny long hair, her temperament was clean and ethereal. 
Rebecca was beautiful, well-bred, and well-educated. 
In her social circle, no girl could compare with her. 
This resulted in her being arrogant and seldom putting anyone in her eyes. 
But now this girl named Joanna... 
For the first time in her life, Rebecca felt threatened and a trace of jealousy. 
She had to admit that regardless of the girl’s background, in terms of looks, she was not inferior to her. 
Even... a little bit better looking. 
The subtle emotions between girls were very delicate; Joanna almost immediately sensed the hostility in Rebecca’s eyes. 
She couldn’t help but pause. 
Why did Rebecca have hostility towards her? 
Where did this hostility come from? 
"Hello, Miss Kelloway." Joanna politely shook hands with her. 
As she reached out her hand, she felt Rebecca glance at it, and in the next moment, the hostility in Rebecca’s eyes faded a lot. 
"You don’t have to be so formal," Rebecca hooked up the corner of her mouth and spoke affectionately, "you are Ashton’s wife and our good friend. You can call me by my name, or you can call me Rebecca." 
As Rebecca spoke, she glanced at Joanna’s other hand, and then her smile deepened. 
Joanna also lowered her head following Rebecca’s gaze, revealing a trace of confusion in her eyes. 
She didn’t know what Rebecca was looking at. 
* 
After taking their seats. 
The waiter brought the menu. 
Today was a welcome party for Rebecca, so she looked at the menu first and ordered a few dishes. 
After she finished ordering, she returned the menu to the waiter and looked up to smile at Ashton Heath, saying, "Ashton, I’ve ordered your dishes. We haven’t seen each other in a year, but your taste shouldn’t have changed, right?" 
Joanna didn’t know if it was her illusion. 
She always felt that Rebecca’s words deliberately conveyed a sense of intimacy with Ashton Heath. 
Women’s intuition is often accurate. 
Ashton Heath looked up at her. 
With a charming smile on her lips, Rebecca rested her hand on her chin and casually mentioned, "I remember when you used to visit my house, my mom would always make the Ikan Bakar, she said you loved it." 
"At first I didn’t like this dish, but after eating it with you so many times, I actually started to enjoy it." 
"Abroad, I really missed this dish. I kept thinking that when I got back to the country, I had to drag you out to eat it." 
As she said this, she smiled a little: "I don’t know if this restaurant’s Ikan Bakar is any good."
###Chapter 184: Chapter 186: He never used to be like this before.
The color of Yannick Luther’s face subtly shifted as he sat beside her, his brows furrowing slightly. 
Frank Parker pursed his lips and, with a "bang", set down his wine glass. He stood up coldly and said, "I’m going to the restroom." 
With that, he turned and quickly walked out of the private room. 
Yannick Luther glanced at Rebecca Kelloway, then at Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence. His brows furrowed even more. 
If Joanna’s previous assumptions were mere speculation, after hearing Rebecca’s words, she was now certain that her guesses were right. 
Rebecca was doing it intentionally. 
Gradually, Joanna realized the source of the animosity Rebecca initially showed her. 
She... liked Ashton Heath? 
Beyond that reason, she couldn’t think of anything else. 
But Ashton Heath seemed to be ignorant of the situation? 
Subconsciously, Joanna looked at the man next to her only to find that Ashton Heath was also looking at her. 
Their eyes met, and a gentle smile tugged at his lips. In a soft voice, he asked while holding her hand, "Are you hungry? Is there anything you want to eat?" 
"I... " 
Before Joanna could respond, he made a gesture to the waiter to bring the menu. 
"Order some dishes you like." Ashton Heath thrust the menu into her hand, "Tonight, Grady is treating us, don’t be shy, pick the expensive ones." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
Abandoning one’s brothers once one has a wife, indeed. 
Prioritizing love over friendship, this guy. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Looking at her dazed expression, Ashton Heath stretched out his hand to gently ruffle her hair, his tone indulging, "Help me order too." 
"Eh..." 
Joanna glanced at the face of Rebecca, her face turning a bit green, and spoke in a small voice: "Didn’t Rebecca help you order? I, I don’t know what you like to eat." 
She felt like Ashton Heath was also doing this deliberately. 
Rebecca said so much, but he didn’t bother to respond to anything. 
Now he even asked her to help order food. 
Wasn’t that intentionally slapping Rebecca in the face? 
Ashton Heath chuckled, "Whatever you order, I’ll eat. I’m sure I’ll like whatever you choose." 
Joanna could feel Rebecca’s face turn even greener as Ashton Heath finished his sentence. 
And there was more. 
Only after talking to her did Ashton Heath turn his head to face Rebecca and said in a casual tone, "People can change their minds, I don’t love Ikan Bakar anymore." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Did he want to enrage Rebecca to death? 
Just how shameless could he possibly be? 
Weren’t they supposed to be good friends from childhood? Is this really okay? 
"Is that so? I thought... you still loved it." The nails of Rebecca’s hand sunk into her palm, her smile became increasingly strained. 
How could she not notice Ashton Heath’s deliberate protection of Joanna? 
At this moment, Rebecca felt incredibly aggrieved, with particular sorrow wrenching her heart. 
She knew Ashton Heath well. 
He was never one to consider others’ feelings or go out of his way to protect someone. 
He was naturally withdrawn, not even too friendly with their group of friends. 
She had known him for over twenty years, and it only gave her a slight advantage over other women. 
But what did this slight advantage mean compared to the woman at his side? 
He disliked women touching him and would feel physically disgusted when a woman approached him too closely. 
But Joanna could touch him. 
He never deliberately defended anyone, but just now, he defended Joanna. 
For the sake of the woman he hadn’t known for long, he publicly embarrassed her. 
Before, he would never do such a thing. 
Why did his entire personality change after getting married?
###Chapter 185: Chapter 187: It’s Better for Those Two to Meet Less
"Ahem, well... Joanna, Ashton is right, feel free to order whatever you like, it’s my treat!" Seeing the atmosphere at the table becoming a bit tense, Yannick Luther immediately tried to liven things up, laughing and saying, "Order the expensive stuff, don’t look at the cheap ones. If you order something cheap, that means you’re not giving me, Yannick Luther, any face." 
Joanna: "..."
She knew that Yannick was trying to ease the tension, so she cooperated and said, "Alright, haha, then I won’t stand on ceremony." 
After that, she picked up the menu and quietly ordered a few dishes. 
After she casually ordered a few dishes, Ashton Heath took a look at the menu and added an ice cream to the order, then smiled at her and asked, "Don’t you like ice cream? You always have one after dinner. Is strawberry flavor fine?" 
Joanna: "...Yes." 
Sitting across from the two of them, Rebecca Kelloway clenched her lips, feeling as if her heart was being cut by a knife, and a sour feeling welled up in her eyes. 
"Sorry." She took a deep breath and suddenly stood up, "I need to go to the restroom." 
After saying that, she pushed away her chair and quickly walked out. 
Yannick watched her hurriedly leave, sighing silently in his heart. 
Someday, some things might change for the worse. 
In the past, Ashton had always been cold to any woman, even if he wasn’t interested in Rebecca, it wouldn’t have been too hard on her. 
But now... 
He’s married, has a wife, and seems to pamper his wife quite a bit. Needless to say, it’s like stabbing knives into the heart of Rebecca, who has secretly admired him for over a decade. 
Yannick thought it would be better for the two to see each other less in the future. 
Otherwise, the pain in Rebecca’s heart would only keep growing worse. 
* 
Rebecca walked out of the private room, and tears streamed down her face. 
Before this, she had hoped that Ashton didn’t really like that girl. 
He was only with her because he wouldn’t have an allergic reaction to her. 
Just now, when she saw that Joanna didn’t even have a ring on her finger, she was even more convinced of her thoughts. 
She felt happy about it for a while. 
As long as Ashton didn’t like that woman, even if they were married... it wouldn’t matter. 
In wealthy families, there were many marriages based on interest. 
How many couples actually ended up together because they genuinely liked each other? 
In the future, she might marry a man she doesn’t like herself. 
If he doesn’t like Joanna, he won’t touch her, and their marriage won’t last long. 
As long as he doesn’t like Joanna... 
It’s not too late for everything. 
But just now, his various acts of protection and the tender look in his eyes when he looked at Joanna didn’t seem like the behavior of someone who doesn’t like her. 
On the contrary. 
Ashton would only act like that when he liked and cared about someone. 
Rebecca couldn’t accept this reality. 
She could accept Ashton marrying another woman, but she couldn’t accept his heart belonging to another woman too. 
How could this be! 
She had been by his side for over twenty years, and if he were to like someone, it should be her! 
What did a woman who hasn’t known him for long count for! 
"Rebecca?" 
A slightly surprised voice sounded in her ear. 
Rebecca looked up, her eyes filled with tears as she looked at the man who called out to her. 
Seeing her crying, the man not far away from her was stunned for a moment, and his face instantly darkened. 
He strode towards Rebecca, walked up to her, and frowned, "What’s wrong?" 
"I’m fine," Rebecca wiped away her tears, squeezed a smile from the corner of her mouth, and pretended to laugh, "I accidentally got something in my eye, it feels a bit uncomfortable."
###Chapter 186: Chapter 188: I’m Begging You
Frank Parker stared at her with a gloomy face for a while. 
"Who bullied you? Was it Ashton, or the woman he brought? What did they do to you?" 
"It has nothing to do with them." Rebecca clenched her lips, "Don’t guess blindly, I’m really fine. Leave me alone and go in to talk to Ashton and the others." 
After saying that, Rebecca wanted to leave. 
"You’re coming in with me." Frank Parker reached out to hold her and narrowed his gentle eyes with a cold smile on his lips, "I’d like to ask Ashton if that woman is more important than all of us friends." 
Saying that, he tried to pull Rebecca into the private room. 
Rebecca’s face changed, and she struggled anxiously, "Frank, let me go! Listen to me, it’s not what you think. Please don’t make a scene!" 
"You’ve been bullied to tears, and you still speak for him?" 
Frank Parker looked down at her with an exceedingly overcast face, "Do you like him that much?" 
Rebecca stared blankly at him for a few seconds, her tears suddenly falling. 
"Rebecca, you..." Frank Parker stopped. 
"Frank, I’m begging you." Rebecca pleaded with red eyes, "I just returned to the country, and I don’t want to start trouble right away. I just want everyone to sit together and have a happy meal." 
"For my sake, please don’t make a scene." 
As soon as she finished speaking, another tear fell on her face. 
Frank Parker’s face turned gloomy, and he pressed his lips together with his fist clenched tight.
Rebecca reached out and gently tugged at his arm, her voice soft, "Frank, I’m begging you..." 
After a long while. 
Frank Parker reluctantly nodded. 
He said coldly, "I can agree to that. But, you have to tell me why you cried and who made you cry." 
"This..." Rebecca’s gaze flickered, and she bit her lip without speaking, looking troubled. 
Frank Parker waited for a while, but when she didn’t answer, he said coldly, "Alright, you don’t have to say it. I already understand." 
"Frank, don’t think too much about it. Actually, nobody bullied me; I just thought of some unhappy things, which is why..." Rebecca curled her lips, but her smile was bitter, "It has nothing to do with anyone." 
"You go in, and I’ll go to the restroom." 
After saying this, Rebecca turned around and quickly walked away. 
Frank Parker stood there, his face sinking and looking thoughtful. 
* 
At dinner time. 
As the only one in the group who was not familiar with the others, Joanna Lawrence spent most of her time eating quietly. 
When she didn’t need to speak, she definitely wouldn’t talk to anyone proactively. 
A group of friends who grew up together naturally had endless topics to talk about. 
Most of the time, it was Yannick Luther who started conversations, and the others chimed in for a while. 
Yannick Luther was a lively and unrestrained person, so with him around, there was no need to worry about embarrassing silences. 
He could basically talk from morning to night without repeating himself. 
So, the atmosphere at the table was always lively. 
Among the group, Ashton Heath and Frank Parker were the most taciturn, only occasionally responding after others had spoken at length. 
But Ashton Heath only had less to say to the others; he still had a lot to say to Joanna. 
He even took the initiative to speak with her from time to time. 
And he was very considerate of her emotions.
###Chapter 187: Chapter 189: How Could She Willingly Quit
Knowing that she was naturally shy, and that it was her first time meeting his friends today, he guessed she might feel a bit uneasy. Every few minutes, he would serve her food, pour her a drink, or chat with her for a bit. 
Most of the food Joanna had eaten was what Ashton had put in her bowl. 
Seeing his attentive gestures, Yannick Luther sighed with emotion, "If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t have believed it. Can you guys tell me, when has Ashton ever been so caring and attentive to anyone before?"
He turned to Frank Parker and asked, "Frank, you’ve been good buddies with Ashton for so many years. Has he ever served you food like that?" 
Frank Parker gave him a cold glance. 
Without waiting for his answer, Yannick touched his nose and said with a grin, "Anyway, I’ve never been treated like that. Sister-in-law, this is an exclusive treatment for you. You don’t know what a proud man Ashton is. Apart from himself, I bet he doesn’t care about anyone." 
"But now, you are in his eyes too. Little sister-in-law, we brothers are all envious of you. Right, Ms. Rebecca? He didn’t treat you like this when you were younger, did he? Did Ashton ever serve you food?" 
Yannick was doing this on purpose. 
He wanted Rebecca Kelloway to face the reality and let go of her unrealistic thoughts. 
Because he knew Ashton Heath too well. 
If Rebecca could adjust her mindset in time and treat Ashton as a true friend or brother, their friendship could still continue. 
If she still clung to those thoughts, he feared... 
As a friend for so many years, Yannick did not want to see anything bad happen. 
Rebecca’s fingers tightened around her wine glass as she looked up at Yannick. 
A hint of anger appeared in her eyes. 
Yannick looked back at her, his lips curved into a smile, "Isn’t that right? You’ve never been treated like this either. Ashton always says you’re like his younger sister, but he never treated her this well before. He clearly favors love over friends." 
"Yes, that’s right," Rebecca clenched her teeth, her smile strained. 
She knew exactly what Yannick was thinking. 
However, she had loved Ashton Heath for twenty years. 
How could she let go of that love just like that? 
Why should she have to let go?! 
She had met Ashton before anyone else; emotionally, her relationship with him was much deeper. 
Apart from him, she couldn’t even bring herself to look at anyone else. 
She once thought that if Ashton never married, she wouldn’t get married either. 
She would silently accompany him throughout her life in this way. 
Deep down, she knew she could never fall in love with anyone else. 
All her time, feelings, and sincerity had been given to him. 
Under such circumstances, how could she willingly step back? 
Eating in silence, Joanna, who was suddenly addressed by name, "..." 
She looked up and gave Yannick an awkward but polite smile, "...Really?" 
"Of course!" Yannick grinned, "Little sister-in-law, you don’t think Ashton is this attentive to just anyone, do you? I tell you, besides you, I’ve never seen him be so tender and attentive to anyone. Really!" 
He even raised his voice and emphasized it at the end. 
"He hasn’t even been this attentive to Lady Octavia. Today she wasn’t here, otherwise, she would definitely be jealous!"
###Chapter 188: Chapter 190: Did His Second Brother Ashton... Get Jealous?
"Eat your food. With so much food, it should be enough to keep your mouth shut." 
Right after Yannick Luther finished speaking, he received a kick. 
Ashton Heath kicked him in the calf, not holding back any strength. 
"Wow, Ashton, you’re so gentle with your woman but so cruel to your brothers? Your discrimination is so obvious!" Yannick cried out in pain. 
With his snarling and hissing expression, he looked completely unattractive. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh. 
With her laughter, Yannick’s eyes widened. 
Just a moment ago, he was snarling in pain, and now his eyes were fixed on Joanna as if he was in a daze. 
Suddenly, Yannick felt like he could understand why Ashton fell for this young sister-in-law. 
Wow, she really looks beautiful when she smiles. 
And she even has dimples! 
Little did anyone know, he loved girls with dimples so much. If they also had tiny fangs, they would be even more adorable. 
Not many people knew that young master of the Luther family, who claimed to be a fan of sexy beauties, was actually a die-hard loli fan. 
What he liked the most was not sexy women, but cute, petite girls.
If it was a girl with big eyes, a small mouth, fair and tender skin, dimples and tiny fangs, a ponytail, and a height around 1.5 to 1.6 meters, they could make him swoon. 
He would be madly infatuated! 
Although Joanna’s height and appearance didn’t quite match that of a petite girl, when she smiled, shallow dimples appeared on the corners of her mouth. 
At that moment, Yannick felt as if he was seeing his first love. 
His heart raced. 
"Wow, Ashton, why did you kick me again? It hurts so much!" 
As he was lost in thought, another painful kick landed on his calf, almost making him jump. 
This time, Ashton’s kick was even stronger and fiercer. 
His kick almost put Yannick on the ground. 
Yannick rubbed his calf, his eyes tearing up, and turned around. 
Ashton looked at him expressionlessly, "If your eyes wander around, I’ll dig them out." 
Yannick: "..." 
Just because he had stared at his sister-in-law for a few more seconds. 
So, his brother Ashton was... jealous? 
How had he not realized before that his brother was a jar of vinegar? 
Across from him, Rebecca Kelloway’s hand was squeezing her wine glass so hard it was about to shatter. 
"Ashton." 
She suddenly took a deep breath, maintaining a polite smile on her face, and asked casually, "When do you and Joanna plan to hold the wedding? I can free up some time in advance." 
"Cough, cough, cough." Joanna had just taken a sip of juice and choked, coughing incessantly. 
Why bring up the wedding all of a sudden! 
She had never thought about having a wedding ceremony. 
If she did, wouldn’t it be totally public? 
"Drink slowly, how did you choke on it?" Ashton placed a hand on her back, gently patting, and waited for her to feel better before replying to Rebecca, "It’s up to Joanna. Whenever she says, that’s when it will be. I’ll listen to her." 
His answer made Rebecca’s face change instantly. 
She clenched her teeth, "Haven’t Lady Octavia and Sir Darren urged you two at all?" 
Ashton slowly raised his head. 
As his dark eyes met Rebecca’s, she felt a sudden wave of panic, as if he had seen through her. 
Before he could say anything, she quickly tried to explain herself: "What I meant was, you two are already married, and Sir Darren and Lady Octavia must want you to have the wedding sooner rather than later."
###Chapter 189: Chapter 191: You Feed Me
Ashton Heath glanced at her for a few seconds and curled his lips: "They don’t know about the marriage yet." 
"What?" Rebecca Kelloway pretended to be surprised, "You didn’t tell them? How could you not mention such a big thing..." 
"Joanna hasn’t been mentally prepared yet." 
Ashton Heath turned his head, looked at the girl sitting beside him, stroked Joanna Lawrence’s hair, and said softly, "When she’s ready, I’ll take her home." 
"Before that, if she doesn’t want to go to my house, we won’t go." 
His tone wasn’t particularly gentle, but it could convey a hint of indulgence and pampering that was not easy to detect. 
His meaning was obvious. 
He respected Joanna Lawrence’s decisions in everything. 
Whatever she wanted, she got. 
For a man like Ashton Heath, how much would he have to love someone to pamper her like this? 
Especially since he’d always been used to doing things his way. 
He had always been the one to be accommodated by others, not the one to accommodate them. 
Not to mention Rebecca, even Yannick Luther and Frank Parker hearing his words had expressions of surprise and unexpectedness on their faces. 
Rebecca had asked this question under the assumption that Ashton Heath didn’t want to bring Joanna Lawrence to the Kelloway family yet. 
She wanted Joanna Lawrence to know this. 
But Ashton Heath’s response was undoubtedly a slap in her face, a hard slap at that. 
"Really?" Rebecca Kelloway clenched her lips, her hands trembling beside her. 
"Yes." Ashton Heath answered plainly. 
At this moment, the waiter brought a dessert ice cream. 
He ordered this for Joanna Lawrence. 
Ashton Heath took the dessert and handed it to Joanna: "Don’t eat too much, be careful not to have an upset stomach later." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She really wanted to say, President Ashton, can you please not take care of me like this? 
The pressure is just too great! 
Ever since she realized that Rebecca Kelloway had feelings for Ashton Heath, she felt tremendous pressure. 
Sitting at the same table with a woman who regarded her as a love rival, could she not feel pressure? 
And what’s more, Ashton Heath had been taking care of her in various ways, which made Joanna feel that Rebecca Kelloway’s gaze was full of knives whenever she looked at her. 
Just like now, she could feel that sharp, knife-like look again from Rebecca. 
She took the ice cream and had just taken a bite when she heard the man beside her ask with a smile, "Is it good?" 
"Uh..." Joanna swallowed the ice cream and licked her thin lips, "It’s quite delicious." 
Could anything from such a fancy place not be delicious? 
"Mmm." Ashton Heath nodded, "I’ll have a taste too." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"You, you want to taste?" She looked up at him. 
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow: "I can’t?" 
"Of course, you can." 
But just before, he had said he didn’t like this kind of food. 
She had never seen him eat it either. 
"Then let me have a taste." Ashton Heath spoke again. 
"Oh." Although Joanna didn’t know why he suddenly wanted to try, she still handed the spoon to him. 
Who would have thought, Ashton Heath didn’t accept it, his sexy thin lips slightly hooked up, his captivating gaze staring at her, "You feed me." 
"Cough, cough, cough." 
Yannick Luther sprayed out the red wine he had just sipped in his mouth. 
Frank Parker was sitting next to him, got sprayed all over, and his white shirt was immediately stained with purple-red spots. 
Frank Parker’s face darkened instantly, and he glared at him murderously. 
"Cough, cough, Frank, I, I didn’t do it on purpose."
###Chapter 190: Chapter 192: I took Rebecca home
Yannick Luther’s face had turned red, his eyes wet with tears, and he gasped in a low voice, "But don’t you feel terrified? Looking at Ashton’s ghastly behavior, he damn well seems possessed." 
"Can you believe that he’s the same Ashton we knew?" 
"What’s with the ice cream? I’ve been hanging out with him since we were in diapers. But I’ve never seen him eat this stuff. I clearly remember him saying he doesn’t like sweets!" 
With every word Yannick uttered, Rebecca Kelloway’s face grew worse. 
By the time he finished talking, Rebecca had bitten her lip until it was bleeding. Even her initial smile was no longer sustainable. 
Yes, Ashton Heath never had a sweet tooth. 
She had once made him desserts, but he never tasted them and directly told her that he didn’t like them. 
He even asked her not to make them again. 
But just now, he said he wanted ice cream. 
Because the ice cream was ordered by Joanna Lawrence? Because Joanna liked it, and he followed suit? 
A deep-seated jealousy surged within her heart like a tidal wave. 
She slammed her wine glass onto the table and abruptly stood up. 
This startled the others. 
Yannick furrowed his brow, alarm etched on his face, fearing she would do something irrational because she was upset. 
He called out to Rebecca, warning her, "Rebecca." 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, looking at her. 
"I’m feeling a bit unwell." 
Rebecca took a deep breath to suppress her tumultuous emotions, determinedly reclaiming her rationality. She forced a unnatural smile onto her lips, "I’d like to go home now. I will treat you guys another day." 
"Unwell?" Yannick’s eyes swiveled, and he quickly said, "Is it jet lag? Why don’t you go home and rest early then. We can always get together another time."
It would be better for everyone if Rebecca left under these circumstances. 
Otherwise, if she couldn’t hold herself back later and created a scene, what would they do? 
As Rebecca declared her intention to leave, Frank Parker also stood up. 
He slipped his hands into his pockets and said softly, "I’ll drive Rebecca home." 
"Frank, you’re leaving too?" Yannick frowned, "Then wouldn’t I be left here like a third wheel?" 
No one responded to him. 
Ashton Heath glanced at Rebecca and said, "If you’re not feeling well, you should go home early." 
Rebecca suddenly felt her nose sting. 
He didn’t ask her what was wrong? 
Could he only see Joanna Lawrence now? 
"Then, then I’ll leave." With that, she turned around, holding back the stinging tears in her eyes. 
"Oh yes." 
It seemed she had remembered something, and she stopped, taking a small box out of her bag. 
She gave the box to Ashton Heath, "This is a gift I brought for you. I have already given Frank and Yannick their presents." 
Ashton Heath hesitated before taking it, "Thank you." 
His ’thank you’ made Rebecca’s nose sting even more. 
She forced a sarcastic smile onto her lips, "Ashton, we have known each other for so many years. Are you still being so formal with me?" 
Having said that, she turned to Joanna Lawrence, her face apologetic, "I’m sorry, Joanna. I didn’t know about your marriage to Ashton when I bought the gifts. I didn’t prepare anything for you. I’ll make it up to you."
###Chapter 191: Chapter 193: What You Fear Will Come
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback and immediately said, "No, no, it’s okay!" 
She was self-aware. 
They had been good friends for more than a decade or two. 
Although she married Ashton Heath, this was her first time meeting them. 
To them, she was still a stranger. 
"See you next time." 
After Rebecca Kelloway finished speaking, she turned around and walked out. 
Frank Parker followed her and left as well. 
When they left, they didn’t even say goodbye. 
Joanna felt the atmosphere around her getting colder... 
When she turned to look, she saw Ashton Heath’s face darkening, and there were signs of anger in his eyes. 
Rebecca Kelloway and Frank Parker had reached the door. 
"Stop." 
Ashton Heath suddenly spoke with a cold and sharp tone, "Sean Parker, if you don’t want to come out next time, you better not. Also, have you ever greeted my wife since she came here? She is my wife, your sister-in-law." 
"If you don’t want to recognize her as your sister-in-law, you don’t need to call me your brother anymore." 
"I don’t have brothers like you." 
This sentence from Ashton Heath instantly brought the atmosphere to the freezing point. 
For a moment, no one said a word. 
The silence was as if everyone had disappeared. 
Frank Parker had reached the door. 
His stiff figure stood there, his hand on one side clenched tightly. 
Yannick Luther’s thoughts were "damn" as his brows furrowed. 
He just knew that Frank Parker’s strange behavior tonight would anger Ashton. 
Whether he did this to protect Rebecca Kelloway or not, it was a mistake. 
Ashton was a super protective person! 
Throughout the meal, even Yannick Luther could see that Ashton Heath truly cherished Joanna Lawrence. 
That kind of cherish was a man’s cherish for a woman. 
It had nothing to do with anything else. 
How could he tolerate someone he cherished being treated with contempt? 
Even if that person was his best friend, it wouldn’t work! 
"Ashton, about Frank..." Yannick Luther, who was afraid of causing a rift between the two, tried to mediate. 
However, just as he was about to speak, Ashton Heath’s cold voice, devoid of warmth, fell into his ears, "None of your business, keep your mouth shut." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
Turning to look at Ashton Heath’s emotionless face, he shuddered and dared not say anything more. 
That Ashton had a bad temper was well-known. 
But he rarely got genuinely angry. 
Those few times when he did get angry left lasting impressions. 
Yannick Luther wouldn’t dare to provoke him if he was genuinely angry. 
Looking at Frank Parker’s stiff figure, Yannick silently prayed for him, hoping that he wouldn’t be too stubborn and cause the situation to become irreversible. 
That would be disastrous. 
Ashton Heath’s actions surprised and stunned Joanna Lawrence. 
She never expected him to do this. 
In fact, she didn’t mind that Frank Parker didn’t like her, or even that he hadn’t spoken to her. 
They were Ashton Heath’s friends, but not hers. 
It was normal for them not to like her. 
Moreover, she could tell that Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway had a close relationship. His cold attitude towards her might have something to do with Rebecca Kelloway. 
"Ashton Heath, it’s really not a big deal, I..." Joanna wanted to say that she didn’t care. 
She thought that Ashton Heath didn’t have to strain the brotherly relationship because of her.
###Chapter 192: Chapter 194: Ms. Joanna is Really Capable
But before she could finish, he coldly interrupted her: "You don’t have to speak. This is between him and me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
The man’s voice was not as gentle as before, sounding icy cold. 
Although when talking to her, the tone was much better than when speaking to Yannick Luther, Joanna still felt a shudder run through her body. 
Accustomed to his various gentleness in front of her, she was a bit frightened by his sudden cold attitude. 
Originally intending to mediate, she couldn’t help but give up when she saw the gloomy expression on his face. 
After a moment of silence. 
Seeing that Ashton Heath showed no signs of backing down, Rebecca Kelloway felt a bitter taste in her heart. Biting her lip, she softly persuaded Frank Parker: "Frank, just apologize to Ashton. Are you really going to ruin your relationship with him over such a trivial matter?" 
Frank Parker’s handsome face was clouded with a gloom as he bit his lip and turned around after a long silence. 
His indifferent gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence’s face, staring at her for a few seconds before slowly raising the corners of his lips: "Ms. Joanna is truly capable. Since your arrival, our decade-long brotherhood could become so strained. Don’t you feel a sense of accomplishment?" 
Joanna Lawrence widened her eyes, looking at him in astonishment. 
What... what did this have to do with her? 
She hadn’t done anything! 
"I heard Ms. Joanna is still a student? Heh, young as you may be, you sure have some skills." 
As soon as he finished speaking, he saw a wine glass flying towards him. Startled, he quickly dodged it. 
The wine glass, originally aimed at him, hit the wall instead. 
With a "snap," the crystal glass shattered and fell to the ground. 
"Ah!" Rebecca Kelloway paled, covering her mouth and shrieking. 
Frank Parker slowly raised his head, looking at Ashton Heath in disbelief. 
"Get the hell out of here," Ashton Heath’s voice was cold and heavy, as if it could freeze a layer of ice. "Get out of my sight immediately. Don’t force me to take action." 
"Ashton, you..." 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face was full of astonishment, seemingly unable to believe that he would really throw a wine glass at Frank Parker. 
Just for Joanna Lawrence?! 
Was that woman really so important? 
More important than the brother he had known for so many years? 
At this moment, Rebecca Kelloway felt as if she didn’t know Ashton Heath anymore. 
He had changed from the man she used to know. 
However, Ashton Heath didn’t look at her, just coldly stared at Frank Parker and said, "Didn’t you hear? Get out!" 
Frank Parker’s face was extremely gloomy, and suddenly he snorted coldly, "Fine, very well. Ashton Heath, you’re nothing but a damned friend who values romance over friendship! Fine, so this woman is more important than anyone else, right? Well then, let’s just forget about our past brotherhood. You don’t need this brother anymore, just spend your life with your woman!" 
After saying that, he turned around and left angrily. 
"Frank, wait a minute..." 
Rebecca Kelloway deeply glanced at Ashton Heath, sighed, and quickly chased after him. 
Yannick Luther also silently sighed, feeling tired in his heart. 
Well, the thing he had been worried about finally happened. 
* 
After leaving the Luxe Lounge. 
"Ashton, I don’t know what’s gotten into Frank today. You know how strange his temper has always been, getting angry for no reason. Just take it as his mid-life crisis and don’t take it personally." 
"When he calms down, he’ll definitely realize his mistake and apologize to you on his own." 
"I’ll talk to him as well. And, sister-in-law, let me apologize to you on Frank’s behalf."
###Chapter 193: Chapter 195: What Did You Do Wrong to Me?
"In fact, he’s not a bad person, it’s just that his temper is a bit strange. He probably didn’t mean any harm to you, just that he was in a bad mood today, so..." 
Yannick knew what the real reason was. 
But he couldn’t tell Joanna that. 
Otherwise, if Ashton found out, he would definitely skin him alive. 
"It’s okay." Joanna smiled at him generously, "I don’t mind." 
When she said she didn’t mind, Yannick was taken aback: "Are you sure you don’t mind, Joanna?" 
Joanna nodded, "Yeah, everyone has bad days. I can understand." 
Although she appeared magnanimous on the surface, she thought to herself that she wouldn’t have to see Frank Parker often in the future anyway. 
Whether he liked her or not was not important at all. 
"Thank you for your understanding, Joanna." Yannick already had a good impression of Joanna when he saw her dimples, and now he found her even more adorable. Not only was she good-looking, but her personality was also great. 
If Frank wasn’t fixated on Rebecca Kelloway, perhaps he would’ve find Joanna appealing as well. 
"Well, I’ll leave you two lovebirds alone now," Yannick said, swiftly glancing at Ashton Heath, who still wore a gloomy expression, and couldn’t help but sigh inwardly. 
It seemed that Frank had truly angered Ashton this time. 
This matter was not easy to handle. 
Yannick’s car was parked across the street, and it was a flashy Lamborghini sports car. 
Soon after, a green supercar drove out of the parking lot and quickly exited the parking area. 
At the same time, Zack arrived in the black Rolls-Royce. 
He stopped the car, got out, and went around to the back seat to open the door: "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna, please get in the car." 
"Let’s go." 
Ashton Heath held Joanna’s hand and led her into the car. 
* 
In the car, 
Ashton instructed Zack, "Head to the Hillside Villa." 
"Yes, sir," Zack replied. 
After giving the instruction, Ashton closed his eyes and rubbed his temples, looking exhausted. 
"Ashton..." Joanna hesitated to speak.
Just now, with Yannick present, there were some things she couldn’t say. 
Now there were no outsiders if the car, Joanna felt that it was necessary to talk to him. 
In her heart, she felt a little guilty. 
Although she thought she was wronged in some ways, 
But no matter what, it was because of her that Ashton had argued with his friend. 
Ashton slowly opened his eyes, his deep, dark gaze focused on her: "Hmm?" 
The man’s voice was slightly hoarse, which made him sound even more sexy and appealing. 
Joanna bit her lip, her long, thick eyelashes trembling slightly as she looked up anxiously, "That, I’m sorry." 
Ashton paused and narrowed his eyes: "What are you apologizing for?" 
"What happened tonight. It’s because of me that you and your friend..." 
"It has nothing to do with you," he interrupted her. "You don’t need to apologize, you haven’t done anything wrong." 
"But..." Joanna bit the corner of her lip and sighed quietly, "If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have argued with him. I’m really sorry. If I had known he didn’t like me, I shouldn’t have..." 
"Shouldn’t have what? Shouldn’t have come with me?"
###Chapter 194: Chapter 196: Let Me Hear You Calling Me Husband
Ashton Heath frowned and gripped her hand tighter. A moment later, he gently pulled her into his arms, "Joanna, you are my wife, and they are my best friends. I won’t ask them to like you, but if they can’t even show basic respect to my wife, how do you think I’ll feel?" 
"If I don’t show them how angry I am this time, they will only disrespect you even more in the future." 
"I’ve said that I won’t let you be wronged again and I’ll stick to my words. Frank, knowing how much I care about and value you, dares to show annoyance towards you. He doesn’t respect you nor me." 
"How can I not teach him a lesson?" 
Joanna found herself speechless. 
Her heart suddenly began to race. 
Just now he said he cares about her, values her... 
Even if she doesn’t know if he truly means what he said, at this moment, she admits she’s a little moved. 
Under such circumstances, what woman wouldn’t be? 
When you experience that someone really cares about you, values you, and stands up for you all the time... 
Especially when this man is as outstanding as Ashton Heath. 
Handsome, dignified, having supreme power, and treating you with all sorts of tenderness and protection. 
If she could remain completely indifferent under such circumstances, she would not be human, she would be a god. 
Unfortunately, she’s not a god. 
Therefore, she couldn’t help but be moved. 
After all, a man like Ashton Heath was truly enthralling. 
Having spoken, Ashton noticed Joanna staring blankly at him, her gaze fixed on him without blinking. 
He frowned slightly, going to pinch her chin, his tall handsome fingers gently caressing her chin. He squinted his deep-set eyes, "What are you looking at? Did you suddenly realize how handsome your husband is?" 
Joanna nodded blankly. 
A cheerful chuckle resonated in her ears. 
The man’s brooding upsetness disappeared, leaving a charming smile in his deep black eyes. 
"Since you think your husband is especially handsome, why don’t you call out ’husband’ for me to hear, hmm?" 
"Eh?" 
As Joanna blinked her eyes, her glare was met with his teasing and eager gaze. That’s when she snapped back to reality. 
Then, her face flushed, stammered, "Wh-what? I didn’t hear what you just said." 
Aaaaah! 
How did she end up ogling at Ashton again? 
And he noticed. 
Oh, how embarrassing. 
Joanna truly believes she’s not the type to ogle at men. 
She has never ogle at any man. 
Yet... she had ogled at Ashton several times now. 
This surely couldn’t be due to her lack of self-control. 
It’s this man beside her who’s just too captivating. 
"Didn’t hear clearly?" The man let out a low sexy laugh, "Hmm, then I’ll say it again. Baby, call me ’husband’. We’re married now, and you haven’t called me that yet." 
Her small and pretty chin was held in his grip, gently lifted up. Joanna’s eyes collided with the man’s deep and enticing eyes. 
Something seemed to lightly hit her heart, and she found it difficult to calm her emotions.
###Chapter 195: Chapter 197: Today is the Deadline
Joanna’s pulse was a staccato rhythm against her ribs, a wild, echoing thrum that she was certain he could feel.
“Call me by a name that reflects who we are to each other,” Ashton murmured, his voice a low, magnetic resonance that seemed to vibrate through the air. “I want to hear the recognition in your voice.”
Joanna felt as if she were suspended in a moment of pure, breathless clarity. Before her was a face that commanded attention, paired with a scent—sandalwood and a hint of the crisp night air—that was starting to feel like home. The sheer intensity of his focus was intoxicating, making her mind spin.
“Ashton... I...” she began, her face flushed with a warmth that reached the tips of her ears.
According to the official documents they had signed, he was indeed her husband. But giving voice to that reality felt like crossing an invisible threshold, a final surrender of the distance she had kept for so long.
“You haven’t allowed yourself to try,” Ashton noted, his gaze softening as he leaned in closer, his presence an overwhelming but grounding force. “Take your time, Joanna. But realize that every word we share builds the foundation of what this family will become.”
Joanna took a shaky breath, her eyes searching his for a sign of hesitation, finding only a steady, burning sincerity. “Darling...” she whispered, the word barely more than a breath, yet it carried the weight of a dawning acceptance.
The reaction was immediate. Ashton’s eyes darkened, filled with a look of profound appreciation. He leaned down, his lips meeting hers in a kiss that was both fervent and deeply protective. It wasn't just a gesture of affection; it was a silent confirmation of the vows they had taken.
As the air between them grew thick with a quiet, shared energy, Ashton finally pulled back, his hands cupping her face with a tenderness that caught her off guard. “Do you remember the timeframe we discussed, Joanna? The week we set aside to find our equilibrium?”
Joanna’s eyes widened, her body tensing as the realization hit her. The week had passed in a blur of shared meals and quiet conversations. The deadline wasn't a threat; it was a transition.
“Today is the horizon of that promise,” Ashton said, his voice dropping to a serious, low register. “I’ve given you the space to adjust, but tonight, I want us to finally bridge the distance between our separate lives.”
###Chapter 196: Chapter 198: So Impatient?
The realization that their relationship was moving into a new, more permanent phase left Joanna’s mind in a state of restless turmoil. As they arrived at the Hillside Villa, the silence of the evening seemed to amplify the significance of the night ahead. She could see the determination in Ashton’s eyes—a focused, unwavering commitment to making their marriage a reality in every sense.
“Mr. Ashton, Mrs. Joanna. Welcome home.”
Mr. Rowan and the staff were assembled in the hall, their respectful bows a reminder of the household she now helped lead. Ashton nodded in acknowledgment, his arm remaining firmly and protectively around her waist as he guided her toward the upper floor.
At the door of the master suite, Joanna paused. Her heart was pounding, her hands clasped tightly together. The transition from a legal arrangement to a shared life felt more tangible in this quiet hallway than it ever had in the boardroom or the restaurant.
Ashton sensed her hesitation. He pushed the door open, leading her into the room that was now theirs. He began to undo his cuffs, his movements practiced and calm. “Joanna, perhaps a warm shower will help you settle. It’s been a long day of transitions.”
Joanna froze. The suggestion, though practical, felt like the opening of a final chapter. “Now? It... it’s barely nine o’clock,” she managed, her voice carrying a slight tremor. “Isn't it a bit early?”
She looked at him, her face flushed with a mixture of embarrassment and a growing, nervous anticipation. To see the usually cold and detached Ashton Heath so focused on the intimacy of their evening was a contrast she was still struggling to reconcile.
Ashton stopped and turned to face her, a subtle, thoughtful smile easing his expression. He stepped into her personal space, his presence magnifying in the quiet of the room. “Time is relative, Joanna. To me, every moment we spent waiting was a moment we weren't truly building our life together.”
He leaned down, his voice a low, seductive murmur that reached only her. “In my view, we are exactly where we need to be. There is no need for hesitation when the commitment is already made.”
###Chapter 197: Chapter 199: We Can Take It Slow
The warm, moist breath seemed to flicker like a feather across her heart, causing Joanna Lawrence’s heart to flutter uncontrollably. 
When she met the man’s fiery, glowing eyes, her heart pounded even faster, her breath momentarily halting, and clear confusion reflected in her eyes: "Ashton Heath, don’t... don’t do this." 
Ashton Heath had already unbuttoned the second button of his shirt. 
Joanna looked up, catching sight of his sexy Adam’s apple and collarbone, as well as the tempting pectoral muscles concealed within his black shirt. 
The man’s slender, well-defined fingers continued to unbutton his shirt, his fair, jade-like fingers moving over the pure black handmade buttons. The act of disrobing seemed all the more enticing no matter how she looked at it. 
That subtle view of his chest muscles, the bobbing Adam’s apple... 
And the irresistible scent of his masculine hormones. 
Joanna’s little heart was pounding faster and faster, trembling more and more violently. 
Her face felt as though it was on fire, burning hotter and hotter. 
"You, you, you..." 
As Ashton Heath progressively unbuttoned his shirt, revealing large patches of tempting chest muscles unabashedly, and further down, even the appealing abdominal muscles, the lines of his well-toned body... 
And even further down... 
Goodness, Joanna quickly put a hand over her nose, fearing that the next second, she would have a nosebleed. 
With her face burning with heat, she quickly averted her eyes, turning her head. Her ears were turning as red. "Don’t undress any further!" 
It seemed that not only women’s figures can be described as "sexy". 
Men can be the same. 
The first two words that Joanna Lawrence thought of when she saw Ashton Heath’s figure were "so sexy". 
Not just sexy, but explosively sexy! 
He was definitely the best-looking, sexiest man she had ever seen! 
Faced with such tempting beauty, even with her strong restraint, she felt a little powerless. 
She had the feeling that Ashton Heath was intentionally tempting her. 
With his beauty. 
If he wanted to undress, why was he doing it so slowly... 
"Feeling shy?" Ashton Heath reached out and pinched the girl’s blushing ear, a low chuckle echoing in his throat, "Baby, haven’t you already seen my body? What is there to be shy about?" 
Joanna remembered that time in her dormitory and her face turned even redder. 
Embarrassed and angry, she snapped, "Don’t say another word!" 
The man’s low laugh grew even more joyful: "Baby, don’t be shy. Turn around and look at me." 
Joanna clenched her lips: "No!" 
"What if I come over to you, so you can get a better look?" 
"No!" 
"If you feel it’s unfair, you could also undress and let me have a look." 
"...No!" Hooligan, big hooligan! 
Initially, he seemed so decent and reserved on the outside, yet why was it that when he was with her, he turned into a lusting wolf? 
"Ah." The man let out a low sigh, "You don’t want to look at me, and you don’t want to show me either, baby, what should I do with you?" 
"Could it be..." 
Feeling a warmth on her back, the man’s hot, solid body pressed up against her: "You prefer we keep our clothes on? Although I haven’t tried it before, if you like, we can give it a shot. We have plenty of time tonight. We can take it slow." 
Ashton Heath embraced her from behind. 
He confined her petite, soft body within his arms. 
Joanna felt like there was a furnace on her back. 
Her entire body was engulfed in the furnace, causing her to feel heat radiating from her body.
###Chapter 198: Chapter 200: It is a very important matter
"Baby..." Ashton Heath lowered his head, his sensual thin lips pressing against her ear as he whispered softly, "Don’t try to escape. Don’t be afraid, I will try to be as gentle as possible, so I won’t hurt you." 
It was said that a woman’s first time would be very painful. 
That night, under the influence of a drugged state, she had been in enough pain to shed tears. 
But the times after that, it slowly got much better. 
She had already given him her first time. 
So... it shouldn’t hurt that much anymore, right? 
And they had been together several times already, and during those times, they had been very compatible with each other, both physically and otherwise. 
Ashton Heath felt that tonight, he had the confidence to give her a wonderful experience. 
His lips slowly moved downwards, his voice husky, "Just trust yourself to me, I will make you happy." 
"Wait, wait a minute!" 
Joanna Lawrence tensed her body, her nervousness almost bringing her to tears, "Didn’t you say that you would let me take a bath first?" 
"Yes. But I can’t wait any longer." 
The young girl in his arms exuded an enticing aroma, her soft, fragrant body held in his embrace, like a sweet candy that emitted a fatally tempting scent. 
It drove him wild. 
He originally just wanted to tease her a bit, not really intending to take her at this moment. 
But now, he knew what playing with fire meant. 
Desire was easily hooked, and then it got a little out of control. 
His voice deepened bit by bit, his hand on her waist tightening inch by inch, "Baby, is it okay if I take you?" 
"I..." 
Just as Joanna was about to speak, the room began to spin around her, and she was suddenly carried horizontally by Ashton Heath. 
Without waiting for her answer, he carried her towards the black bed in the room. 
Joanna’s heart began to race. 
Thrown onto the soft bed, she shyly closed her eyes. 
Knowing that there was no escape, she didn’t even think about hiding anymore. 
Since he wanted her so badly... she would give herself to him. 
Men were like this, always wanting what they couldn’t have. 
Once they got it, slowly, they wouldn’t be as enthusiastic about it anymore, right? 
She thought that if she continued refusing him, he would keep pining for her. It would be better to give herself to him early so he wouldn’t keep dwelling on it every day. 
Even though she had mentally prepared herself, Joanna was still incredibly nervous. 
"Baby." 
Ashton Heath tenderly kissed her, his voice soothingly gentle, "Relax and look at me with open eyes." 
Joanna turned her head to the side, her eyes tightly shut, her face radiating heat. 
She didn’t dare open her eyes and look at him. 
Seeing her tightly closed eyes and blushing face, Ashton Heath chuckled softly, tenderly kissing her forehead. As he kissed her, he murmured, "Baby, my baby..." 
Joanna clenched the bedsheets tightly. 
As Ashton reached out to unbutton her clothes, she suddenly called out to him, "Ashton Heath." 
"Hm?" His voice was incredibly hoarse. 
Joanna bit her lip, inhaling deeply, her voice trembled, "There’s something, I, I want to tell you." 
"Now?" The man was clearly struggling with restraint, sweat forming on his forehead, "Baby, now’s not the time to talk about things. If there’s anything, let’s talk about it later." 
Having said that, he lowered his head to kiss her again. 
Joanna dodged him, opening her eyes. Hesitating for a moment, she continued, "It’s a very important matter."
###Chapter 199: Chapter 201: I Didn’t See What He Looks Like
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He took a deep breath, his eyes full of restraint and endurance, a little helpless: "Do I have to say it now?" 
"Hmm!" Joanna Lawrence nodded heavily. 
"...Alright, you say it. What’s the matter?" 
Joanna looked into his deep and burning eyes, bit her lip, hardened her heart, and said: "I-I am no longer a virgin!" 
She thought about it and still felt that she should tell him this beforehand. 
Then, let him decide whether to continue or not. 
If...he despises her for being dirty and doesn’t want to touch her anymore, she can understand. 
He is still a virgin, so he has the right to expect his other half to be the same as him. 
Ashton Heath was taken aback, and a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. 
It seemed that he didn’t expect her to say this. 
Joanna saw his reaction clearly, and although she could understand his feelings at this moment, her heart still inevitably felt a sting of pain. 
A little sad. 
As expected, would he despise her for being dirty? 
But that night, she was also a victim. 
Although she had thought about him despising her and was prepared for it, why did she still feel sad? 
She blinked her eyes, holding back the sourness in her eyes, and pretended to say indifferently: "If you mind, we don’t have to go on. I’m sorry, I should have been honest about this before the marriage, but I really didn’t think about it at the time." 
"You can divorce now if you want, and we can go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to get a divorce tomorrow. But Jeremy is innocent, and I hope you won’t vent your anger on him and refuse to do the surgery for him because of me." 
Joanna had always felt that she and Ashton Heath had not married because they liked each other. 
When this marriage without emotional foundation is gone, it is gone. 
She wouldn’t be sad about it, and she wouldn’t miss it. 
But for some reason, when she said the word "divorce" just now, her heart suddenly twitched. 
It was as if she had been stabbed by something sharp, and it was very uncomfortable. 
And she even felt a little reluctant in her heart! 
She only realized that she didn’t want to divorce Ashton Heath as easily or carelessly as she thought! 
Could it be because he had been too good to her recently, she had gotten used to his kindness, and was afraid of losing this treatment after the divorce, so that’s why she was reluctant to divorce him? 
Before she had time to think carefully, she heard the man above her say suddenly: "Was your first time with David Benington?" 
Joanna was stunned and looked up at him. 
She didn’t see any disgust or dissatisfaction on his face or in his eyes, nor did he show anger. He just looked at her calmly. 
She was silent for a while, recalling the events of that night, her face a little ugly: "...No." 
"Then who was it?" 
Ashton Heath’s eyes flickered: "Who did you give your first time to?" 
Joanna clenched her lips and was silent for a moment before she finally spoke painfully: "I don’t know." 
A mocking smile appeared at the corner of her lips: "I don’t know who he is. That night I got drunk, so drunk that I wasn’t even conscious. I was taken to a hotel room by a group of strangers." 
"After they brought me there, they left. I fell asleep in the room for a while, and then a man came in." 
At this point, her eyes suddenly turned red, and she clenched her fists: "I, I didn’t see what he looked like." 
"I was in a panic and a mess at that time, just wanting to get away as soon as possible. But I really regret it now..."
###Chapter 200: Chapter 202: Just Like This... Hate Him?
Ashton Heath’s face changed slightly, the lust in his eyes replaced by other emotions, his gaze dark and unclear, "What do you regret?" 
Joanna Lawrence gritted her teeth, "I regret just leaving like that. I should’ve beaten that bastard up and called the police to arrest him. But... I didn’t do anything." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Could you have beaten him?" 
"Even if I couldn’t, I’d still have tried!" 
"So you...hate him that much?" 
"How can what he did not be hateful?" Joanna’s eyes were filled with resentment. "He’s a bastard, a scumbag, a despicable and shameless piece of trash!" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Suddenly, he felt annoyed. 
He originally planned to find an opportunity to tell her the truth about that night. 
But now... 
She was filled with so much resentment towards him from that night. If he told her the truth, would she forgive him? 
Ashton Heath wasn’t sure. 
He fell silent for a moment, his voice a bit dry, "So...you really can’t remember what he looked like at all?" 
Joanna shook her head. 
Suddenly, she widened her eyes and stared straight at him. 
Ashton felt somewhat guilty under her gaze, "...What is it?" 
Joanna stared at him for a few seconds, shook her head, "Nothing." 
Just as Ashton asked her that question, she felt a sense of familiarity.
Looking into his eyes filled with deep desire, she somehow thought of the man from that night. 
In the darkness, those eyes were filled with possessive, passionate fire... 
As she was lost in thought, the shadow above her disappeared. 
Joanna raised her head and saw Ashton roll over to the other side of the bed. 
He lay there silently for a while, then slowly sat up, closed his eyes, and said, "I just remembered that I still have some documents to deal with. I’m going to work in the study for a bit. There’s a computer in the room, the password is four fives, you can use it as you please. On the first floor, there’s a movie room. If you want to watch a movie, just let Mr. Rowan know, and he will arrange it for you." 
"If you want to go for a walk, you can ask a maid to accompany you to the garden." 
"If you want to eat something, you can let Mr. Rowan know." 
"Also, I’ve already asked him to buy some daily necessities for you, clothes, accessories, shoes, bags, and such. You can take a look to see if you like them. If you don’t like them, just tell him, and he will buy new ones for you." 
"I might be in the study for quite a while, so you can go to sleep when you’re tired. No need to wait for me." 
After saying that, he turned his head to look at Joanna. 
Joanna lay there stiffly, clutching the bedsheet underneath her, holding back tears, taking a deep breath, and smiling as she nodded, "Okay, I understand." 
Ashton’s eyebrows wrinkled a bit. 
"Joanna." He reached out and pulled her up, then gently held her in his arms, lowering his head to kiss her forehead, "Don’t overthink things, I really don’t mind. I genuinely just remembered that I have some important things to deal with, so..." 
"I know." Without waiting for him to finish, Joanna nodded very considerately, "I’m not overthinking. Go and deal with your work, I understand." 
Ashton looked at her with furrowed brows, his eyes full of doubt, "You really didn’t overthink?" 
It was inevitable for her to misunderstand when he suddenly stopped at this moment. 
But after learning about her deep resentment towards him stealing her innocence that night, he couldn’t just pretend not to know and continue with her. 
Suddenly, he lost the mood.
###Chapter 201: Chapter 203: But Why Would It Be Sad?
“I mean it,” Joanna Lawrence said, offering a small, practiced smile that reached her eyes but didn't quite settle in her heart. “You’ve explained the complexity of the situation. I understand the need for professional restraint.”
“Joanna, listen to me,” Ashton Heath said, his voice dropping to a serious, grounding register. “Your standing in this family is absolute. Do not let the shadows of the past or the logistical delays of the present cloud your perception. I am not a man who walks away from a commitment, and I certainly have no intention of letting you go. Ever.”
“I know,” Joanna replied, her tone obedient and calm. “I trust your word.”
Ashton watched her for another moment, searching for a crack in her composure. He felt a lingering sense of unease, as if he were missing a vital piece of the emotional puzzle. “You aren’t just saying that to appease me?”
“No,” she whispered. “I believe in the strength of our arrangement.”
Ashton breathed a sigh of relief, leaning down to press a gentle, lingering kiss to her forehead. “That is all I need to hear. I’ll be in the study to finalize the reports for tomorrow. We’re picking up Jeremy together, remember? We’ll make it a celebration for his recovery.”
Joanna nodded, the same clever, compliant smile remaining on her lips until the bedroom door finally clicked shut.

The moment the lock turned, the light in Joanna’s eyes vanished. She remained seated against the headboard, her posture stiff and unmoving.
He still perceives the barrier, she thought, a cold realization settling in her chest. Despite his comforting words, the fact that he had halted the progression of their intimacy felt like a silent judgment. To her, it felt like an admission that the unseen fragments of her history—the events she barely understood herself—were a source of fundamental distrust for a man as meticulously controlled as Ashton Heath.
She had expected the distance. She had prepared herself for the reality that a man of his stature would require a level of transparency she couldn't yet provide. What she hadn't expected was the sharp, physical ache of disappointment. She had thought she wouldn't care, that she was safe within the walls of their legal agreement. But the sadness was there, heavy and undeniable, proving that somewhere along the line, she had stopped seeing this as just a contract.

The Study
Ashton stood before the floor-to-ceiling window, a glass of red wine in his hand, though he barely tasted it. Outside, the moon cast a pale, frosted glow over the landscape, mirroring the cold clarity of his thoughts. He knew that by stopping tonight, he had created a fracture, but the alternative—moving forward while a critical truth remained hidden in the shadows—felt like a betrayal of the respect he had for her.
He took out his phone and dialed a number that was answered almost before the first ring finished.
“Ashton?” Yannick Luther’s voice came through, characteristically sharp but layered with a hint of nocturnal fatigue. “It’s unlike you to seek counsel in the middle of a spring night. Especially as a newlywed. Should I assume the silence of the Heath residence has become too loud for you? If you're looking for an expert opinion on navigating a diplomatic crisis in the bedroom, you’ve called the right man.”
Ashton’s voice was like ice. “One more remark of that nature, Yannick, and I will personally ensure your father accelerates his plans for your ‘lifelong settlement.’ I believe he has a list of candidates ready.”
The silence on the other end was instantaneous. “...Understood. My apologies, Ashton. I’ll keep the dialogue strictly professional. I assume this isn't a social call. What’s the situation?”
###Chapter 202: Chapter 204: Give her whatever she wants?
"Tell me, go on and say it. As long as there’s something I can help with, I will surely go through fire and water, I will not refrain! Even if it’s going up a mountain of swords or down a fiery sea, I will..." 
"Shut up, enough of the nonsense." 
"... Seriously, Ashton, you have to at least tell me why you are looking for me, right? It’s not like you suddenly missed me, right?" 
"Um, there is a bit of a problem." 
"...And that is?" 
Ashton Heath hesitated for a few seconds before slowly speaking, "What if someone unintentionally did something wrong and incurred harm on someone else? How should they rectify it now?" 
Yannick Luther paused for several seconds before replying, "That depends on the nature of the incident." 
Ashton Heath’s brow furrowed slightly, "You don’t need to know the specifics." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
"Ashton, this is a difficult request. You’re not saying what the problem is, yet you want me to help you decide. How about this, since you want to make amends, why don’t you consider what the other party needs most? Whatever she wants, you give it to her." 
"Whatever she wants, I give it to her?" 
"Yes, considering your capabilities, Ashton, is there anything you can’t afford? However, I’m really quite curious, who exactly has the ability to make Ashton go to such lengths? Could this issue have something to do with our sister-in-law?" 
"None of your business. Goodbye." 
After Ashton Heath said this, he ended the call. 
* 
Ashton Heath stayed in the study for two hours, then left to shower in another room before returning to his bedroom. 
Upon returning, Joanna Lawrence was already asleep. 
A soft desk lamp illuminating the room, on the large black bed, the delicate form of the young girl was curled up and only occupied a tiny corner. 
He tiptoed over to her.
The warm light landed on the girl’s fair and exquisite face, as if drawing a faint halo around her gently beautiful features. 
Her peaceful sleeping face, was as beautiful as a painting. 
Without a doubt, she was truly beautiful. 
From the moment he laid his eyes on her that night, he was astounded. 
She, soaked in the bathtub wearing her red dress, when she lifted her head and looked at him with those innocent yet alluring wet doe eyes, the picture was extremely seductive. 
It stirred up a desire to bully her ruthlessly. 
And then, he indeed did exactly that. 
He had been brutal with her the entire night. 
Clearly, she was the one who had been drugged, yet his actions throughout the night suggested that he was the one who was drugged. 
His desire and impulse for her, couldn’t stop at all. 
Back then, how could he have known that he would become addicted to her? 
An addiction that he simply couldn’t give up. 
Initially, the woman who was arranged to be in his room was not her but someone else. 
However, in the end, the woman who was originally supposed to appear in his room had a car accident halfway there and couldn’t come. As if by a twist of fate, Joanna was brought to his room instead. 
And then, all those things happened... 
He believed that all of it was predestined. 
It was destined that she would end up being his woman, and that was why those unexpected events had occurred. 
So, no matter how she would react after learning the truth, he would never let her go. 
Joanna Lawrence, she could only be Ashton Heath’s woman. 
He stood by the bedside for a while before moving to the other side of the bed, carefully got on and lied down. 
Then reached out and gently pulled the girl, who is still at some distance, into his embrace. 
The girl has also bathed, she smelled good.
###Chapter 203: Chapter 205 Baby, does it look good?
It was like the sweet scent of a peach, mixed with a hint of faint floral fragrance, creating an intoxicating aroma that he couldn’t resist. 
The moment Ashton Heath embraced Joanna Lawrence and held her in his arms, his tense body immediately relaxed. 
The taut string in his mind that had been stretched the whole day also loosened. 
At this moment, he felt an unprecedented lightness and comfort. 
With his body completely relaxed, he was soon overcome by a deep drowsiness. 
In a sleepy haze, Ashton Heath lowered his head and gently kissed Joanna’s forehead, stroked her head, and pressed it against his chest. His voice was hoarse as he whispered, "Baby, good night. See you tomorrow." 
* 
On the second day. 
When Joanna woke up, she was surprised to find that Ashton Heath hadn’t gotten out of bed yet. 
As soon as she opened her eyes, she heard his deep and sexy voice, "Baby, good morning." 
She looked up, startled to meet his gentle eyes filled with a hint of a smile. 
With one hand supporting his head and the other around her waist, he was lying on his side, looking seductively at her. 
As Joanna was lost in thought, Ashton cupped her face and kissed her. His warm, moist lips gently pecked at hers, "Why are you looking at me like that? Don’t you recognize me?" 
Joanna blinked and, after a few seconds of confusion, finally came to her senses. 
She had been somewhat muddled when she first woke up. 
Looking at the handsome face that was so close to hers, her heart skipped a beat. 
But thinking back to last night, her dark, soft eyes flickered and dimmed quickly. 
She remembered. 
He had said that today they would go to the hospital together to pick up Jeremy Lawrence, and it was the weekend, so he should have a day off from work. 
It occurred to her that she and Ashton Heath had shared a bed several times before. 
However, the previous two times she had woken up alone as he had already left. 
This was the first time they were waking up and talking together in bed. 
It felt... somewhat strange. 
Ignoring the sudden acceleration of her heartbeat, she pushed him away and quickly got up from the bed. 
Ashton Heath smirked and slowly got up too. 
He had been wearing a loose black robe, which had come undone at the waist after a night of sleep. His robe was now completely open, revealing his entire, sexy chest. 
As he got up, Joanna caught a glimpse of a large, enticing expanse of chest muscles. 
His exposed chest was practically facing her directly. 
One look at him and she almost had a nosebleed. 
"Baby, do you like what you see?" he teased. 
Before Joanna could react, she felt a wave of warmth rushing towards her face. In the blink of an eye, his irresistibly enticing chest was less than a centimeter away from her. 
A deep, seductive laugh sounded above her, "What’s the point of just looking? Don’t you want to touch it?" 
Touch it? 
Touch what?! 
When Ashton Heath pulled her hand to his chest, it took a moment for Joanna to realize what was happening. As she felt the heat beneath her palm, her face instantly flushed with embarrassment. 
Blushing, she tried to pull her hand away, but Ashton seemed to have anticipated her move. As soon as she tried to pull back, he tightly held her small hand, rolled over, and pressed her beneath him. 
Joanna looked up in panic, "Ashton Heath, what are you...?" 
His large, warm hand completely enveloped her soft, small hand, guiding it to slowly move over his chest.
###Chapter 204: Chapter 206: You Don’t Want To?
Ashton’s dark, profound eyes held hers, the intensity in them radiating a heat that seemed to dissolve the morning chill. He offered a subtle, knowing smile.
“Joanna,” he began, his voice a low, magnetic resonance. “I’ve spent the night resolving the lingering doubts of the past. There is no longer any reason for us to maintain this distance. I want our relationship to move forward, starting now.”
Joanna felt a surge of surprise. For a moment, the shadows of her own self-doubt flickered—wasn't there still a barrier between them? But seeing the unyielding focus in his gaze, she realized that Ashton Heath was a man who moved with absolute conviction once his mind was set.
“I... I thought you were hesitant,” she whispered, her heart racing.
“Never hesitant about you,” Ashton corrected, his voice dropping to a husky, serious register as he leaned closer. He cupped her chin, his presence overwhelming and warm. “The delays of last night are behind us. I want you to realize your standing in my life, and in this family.”
He leaned down, his kiss meeting her lips with a fervent sincerity. It was a gesture of absolute acceptance, one that ignored the ghosts of the past. As the atmosphere in the room shifted into one of profound intimacy, Joanna felt her defenses finally beginning to soften under the weight of his commitment.
But as the intensity grew, a sudden, sharp realization struck Joanna. The drowsy haze of the morning was instantly replaced by a clear, undeniable physical alert.
“Ashton, wait!”
She pressed her hands against his chest, her face turning a deep, vivid crimson. Ashton paused, his brow furrowed in confusion and a lingering, frustrated passion. “Is something wrong? Are you still uncertain?”
“No, it’s not that,” Joanna stammered, her embarrassment so profound she couldn't look him in the eye. “It’s... a logistical impossibility. I need to get up. Right now!”
Before Ashton could process the sudden shift, Joanna had maneuvered out of the embrace. She wrapped herself in the nearby quilt and retreated toward the bathroom with the speed of someone avoiding a sudden storm, leaving Ashton alone in the quiet, sunlight-dappled room.
###Chapter 205: Chapter 207: Can You Do Me a Favor
The click of the bathroom door signaled a definitive end to the morning’s romantic momentum.
Ashton sat on the edge of the bed, a hand raking through his messy hair. He looked at the closed door, his expression a mixture of profound bafflement and the lingering tension of an interrupted moment. Did I misread her? he wondered, a rare flicker of self-doubt crossing his features. Was she uncomfortable, or is there something else I’m missing? Inside the bathroom, Joanna had already confirmed her suspicion. The timing of her cycle, usually predictable, had decided to align perfectly with the most critical moment of her marriage. She leaned against the door, her face buried in her hands.
It was neither a good nor a bad time—it was simply a reality of life. But explaining this to a man as focused as Ashton Heath felt like a monumental task. She knew he must be frustrated; being suddenly pushed away in a moment of vulnerability was a blow to any man’s pride.
I have to tell him, she realized. I can't stay in here forever.
Steeling her nerves, Joanna opened the door just a crack. She peeked out, seeing Ashton still sitting there, enveloped in an aura of quiet, brooding intensity. He looked up when he heard the faint movement, his gaze questioning and expressionless.
Joanna felt a wave of guilt. She bit her lip, her face still tinged with pink. “Ashton? I... I have a favor to ask. A significant one.”
Ashton narrowed his eyes, the remnants of his passion settling into a more practical focus. “What do you need, Joanna? You know you only have to ask.”
His voice was still slightly hoarse, a reminder of the energy that had been humming between them only minutes prior.
Joanna took a deep breath, her words coming out in a hesitant, embarrassed rush. “The reason I... I had to leave... is because my cycle has started. And I realized I’m completely unprepared here at the villa. Could you... could someone help me acquire what I need?”
Ashton blinked, the clinical reality of her statement taking a second to register. He wasn't a man easily flustered by life’s logistical details, but the transition from a high-stakes romantic moment to a domestic errand was a sharp one.
“Your cycle?” he repeated, his brow clearing as the confusion vanished. “I understand.”
He stood up, the lingering tension in his shoulders finally dissipating as he realized the ‘rejection’ wasn't personal at all. It was simply a part of the life they were now sharing.
###Chapter 206: Chapter 208: Do You Have That Thing
Ashton looked at her, his expression a mixture of genuine perplexity and growing concern. It wasn’t that he lacked basic awareness, but in his meticulously controlled and isolated world, such domestic specifics had never required his personal attention.
“Joanna,” he said, his voice lowering as he tried to bridge the gap in their understanding. “When you say ‘aunt flo,’ are you referring to a scheduled guest?”
Joanna felt a fresh wave of heat settle in her cheeks. She realized that for a man like Ashton Heath—who handled global crises with ease—the subtle euphemisms of a woman’s life were a foreign language. She took a deep breath, gathering her courage to speak with necessary clarity.
“It’s not a guest, Ashton,” she explained, her voice steady despite her embarrassment. “It’s my monthly cycle. I wasn't prepared for it to start today, and I don't have the necessary supplies with me. I need your help to acquire them... urgently.”
As she finished, Joanna felt as if her entire face were on fire. Even with the most sophisticated man, discussing such private necessities was a test of her composure.
The realization finally registered in Ashton’s dark eyes. The lingering tension in his frame—the silent shadow of feeling rejected moments ago—evaporated instantly. A subtle, almost self-deprecating smile touched his lips as he walked toward the bathroom door where she remained tucked away.
“So,” he murmured, his voice now devoid of any frostiness, “the sudden distance wasn't a change of heart, but a matter of timing?”
Joanna nodded quickly. “Yes. And I’d prefer to stay right here until I’m prepared. I don’t want to cause any... inconvenience to the room.”
Ashton looked down at her, his brow softening. He understood her unspoken concern for the pristine environment he maintained. “Don’t worry about the room, Joanna. Worry about your comfort. I’ll handle the logistics immediately.”
“Please, just go quickly,” she urged, her voice carry a hint of the physical discomfort that was starting to set in.
“I’m going,” he assured her, his tone shifting into a decisive, protective register. He turned and headed for the door with the same purpose he applied to a high-stakes negotiation.

Downstairs
Ashton reached the main hall and signaled to a passing staff member. The maid stopped instantly, sensing the gravity in his expression.
“Mr. Ashton? How can I assist you?”
Ashton cleared his throat, a rare flicker of unease crossing his handsome features. He was a man accustomed to giving orders for multi-million dollar acquisitions, yet this specific request required a different kind of finesse. He maintained a professional, calm facade, though his voice carried a trace of the unfamiliar situation.
“I need to secure specific personal supplies for Mrs. Joanna,” he began, choosing his words with care. “It’s a matter of her immediate comfort regarding her monthly cycle. Do we have the necessary items on hand, or do I need to send someone to the city?”
While Mr. Rowan was meticulous in stocking the villa with high-end skincare, silk linens, and designer apparel, the more practical, recurring necessities of a woman’s life had been overlooked in their initial preparations—a rare oversight in an otherwise perfect household.
The maid was momentarily stunned. It was the first time she had seen the formidable Mr. Heath personally intervene in such a domestic detail. A light blush rose to her own cheeks as she realized the level of care he was showing for his wife.
“We keep a stock for the staff, Mr. Ashton,” she replied, lowering her head respectfully. “I will fetch the highest quality options we have and bring them up immediately. Please, give me just a moment.”
Ashton nodded, his posture regaining its usual composed strength. “Thank you. Ensure it is handled with the utmost discretion and speed.”
###Chapter 207: Chapter 209: Really, it doesn’t hurt that much anymore!
After a brief wait that seemed to stretch in the quiet of the bathroom, Joanna heard a soft knock. Ashton had returned.
Given the size of the villa’s staff, securing the necessary items had been efficient. Ashton handed her the supplies with a level of seriousness usually reserved for signing major contracts.
“Is this acceptable?” he asked, his voice steady but carrying a hint of genuine concern. “The staff assured me this was a high-quality option. If it’s not what you’re accustomed to, I’ll have someone source your preferred brand immediately.”
“This is perfectly fine, Ashton,” Joanna replied, her face heating up as she took the package. In her current situation, functional support was far more important than brand loyalty.
Ten minutes later, Joanna stepped back into the bedroom. The relief was immediate; the frantic uncertainty of the previous hour had settled into a manageable, albeit uncomfortable, reality. However, the physical toll was visible. Her usually vibrant complexion had faded into a pale, translucent shade that made her appear fragile under the morning light.
Ashton was waiting exactly where she had left him. The moment she appeared, his eyes narrowed, scanning her face with an intensity that made her heart skip. He stepped forward, his hand reaching out to gently tilt her chin upward.
“You look unwell,” he noted, his brow furrowed in a deep, troubled line. “Your color has shifted. Are you in physical distress beyond what we’ve discussed?”
Joanna leaned slightly into his touch, her strength flagging. “It’s just a dull ache in my lower abdomen,” she admitted. “It’s a common accompaniment to this time of the month.”
For Joanna, this was a recurring struggle. In years past, the discomfort had been so severe it required medical intervention. While her health had stabilized since then, the first day of her cycle remained a time when she preferred the stillness of her room over the demands of the world.
“A stomachache?” Ashton asked, his expression growing even more solemn. As a man whose life had been defined by a strict, isolated perimeter, the intricacies of a woman’s physiological experiences were a newly opened book. He lacked the casual ‘common sense’ that most men acquired through observation, making his approach to her situation one of pure, unfiltered concern.
“Where exactly is the pain?” he asked, his voice low and serious. “Do we need to call a specialist?”
Joanna was momentarily taken aback by his earnestness. She realized that for Ashton, this wasn't just a ‘domestic detail’—it was a health crisis affecting the person he had committed to protect.
“It’s menstrual pain, Ashton,” she explained patiently, touched by his focus. “It’s a natural, if unpleasant, part of the process. My body is just adjusting.”
“Menstrual pain,” Ashton repeated, as if committing the term to a permanent file in his mind.
“Yes. In the past, it was much worse,” she added, trying to lighten the mood. “There were times I felt completely incapacitated. Compared to that, this is manageable.”
But Ashton didn't look reassured. If anything, the knowledge that she had suffered such intensity in the past only deepened the line between his eyebrows. “That level of pain is considered manageable?”
“Well, it’s behind me now,” Joanna said quickly, reaching out to touch his arm. “I promise, it’s not as dire as it sounds. I just need a little rest, and it will be well within my tolerable limits.”
Ashton didn't pull away. He remained standing there, his gaze fixed on her pale face, his mind clearly working through a way to mitigate a situation he couldn't simply resolve with an executive order.
“Really, Ashton,” she insisted, offering him a small, sincere smile. “It doesn't hurt that much anymore. Having you here... that helps more than you know.”
###Chapter 208: Chapter 210: Mr. Ashton Never Goes into the Kitchen
Joanna Lawrence just casually mentioned it, but seeing how seriously he took it, she couldn’t help but feel a bit moved. 
To think that the issue of menstrual pain was such a trivial matter in many people’s eyes. 
Not even worth mentioning. 
Even a lot of the time, it would be considered being dramatic. 
When she was living at the Lawrence house, only Caitlin and Jeremy would care for her on those difficult days each month. 
As for the others, there wouldn’t even be a single word of basic consolation. 
Now, there was another person who cared for her - Ashton Heath. 
Not only did she have Caitlin’s care, her brother’s care, but her husband... would also care for her. 
This feeling was truly wonderful. 
"Ah, Ashton Heath, you..." Joanna suddenly called out. 
"If you’re feeling unwell, just lie down and rest for a while." Ashton stretched out his hand, lifting her horizontally, carrying her bridal style to the side of the bed, and gently laying her down. 
"Tell me, what can I do to make you feel a little better?" 
With one hand on her shoulder, the man asked with a serious expression. 
"I don’t need to rest. I’m not that uncomfortable. I still have to go to the hospital to pick up Jeremy today." Joanna tried to get up but was pressed down by Ashton. His deep eyes staring down at her, his tone was somewhat overbearing, "If I say you need to rest, then you need to rest. Be obedient, don’t be stubborn with me." 
"Once you’re well-rested, we’ll go to the hospital. There’s no rush now." 
"Besides, if you can’t go, won’t I be there? I’m Jeremy’s brother-in-law, do you think I wouldn’t take good care of him?" 
"It’s not that, I didn’t mean it that way..." 
"Then just be good and listen." The man’s voice was gentle, but his tone was absolutely firm. "Your face looks so pale right now, how can I be at ease? Tell me, how did you deal with your stomach pain in the past?" 
Joanna stared at him for a few seconds, realizing he wouldn’t change his mind, she reluctantly laid back down on the bed. 
She really wasn’t that weak, okay? 
The current level of pain didn’t even require bed rest. 
"Baby?" 
Ashton pinched her chin, his gaze unyielding: "Tell me." 
Having no choice, Joanna casually answered: "When I had stomach pain in the past, Jeremy would make me some sweet tea and help me fill a hot water bottle to put on my stomach. Then I would feel much better." 
"But now that Jeremy is in the hospital, there’s no one to take care of me like that." 
Boiling sweet tea and filling a hot water bottle? 
Ashton stood by the bed, lost in thought for a moment, then covered her with the blanket and stroked her head gently. "Okay, I got it. You rest for a while, I’ll go downstairs and take a look." 
After saying that, he turned and left the bedroom. 
Watching his departing figure, Joanna didn’t think much of it and figured he was probably going to ask someone in the kitchen to prepare some sweet tea for her. 
* 
Ashton went downstairs. 
Mr. Rowan came forward and respectfully asked, "Mr. Ashton, shall I prepare breakfast?" 
Ashton shook his head and headed straight for the kitchen. 
Mr. Rowan followed him and saw him enter the kitchen, and was immediately astonished. 
Eh, Mr. Ashton never went into the kitchen. 
What was he doing here? 
"Mr. Ashton, are you looking for something?" Mr. Rowan asked curiously. 
A group of people in the kitchen who were busy preparing breakfast saw Ashton walking in and were all stunned. Their faces revealed expressions of both shock and surprise.
###Chapter 209: Chapter 211: What Aroused This?
Why did the young master come into the kitchen? 
He’s someone who won’t step foot in the kitchen even once over the course of a year. 
The staff working in the kitchen were extremely nervous, thinking he was there for a surprise inspection. 
As for kitchen hygiene, they were absolutely confident. 
And the ingredients used every day were definitely fresh. 
So even if it was a surprise inspection, they weren’t afraid. 
But still... 
Given that this was the first time Ashton Heath had ever been inside the kitchen, it was impossible for them to not feel a little tense. 
Who would have thought... 
A group of employees watched as their honorable young master strolled around their kitchen, then turned to ask someone, "Do we have brown sugar in the kitchen?" 
The person asked was stunned for a moment, quickly replying, "Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Bring it out." 
"Yes, young master." 
Waist quickly, the brown sugar was located. 
Ashton pulled out his phone and googled "how to make brown sugar water for girls during their monthly period," and within a few seconds, thousands of related pieces of information popped up. 
He scrutinized the answers meticulously and chose the most reliable one, reading the specific methods in the users’ comments in detail. 
The article said that in addition to brown sugar, red dates and ginger were also needed to make the drink. 
He then ordered someone to bring out the red dates and ginger. 
Mr. Rowan, standing to the side, was astonished seeing Ashton prepare to cook himself. 
No, it was more accurate to say that he was horrified. 
The young master led a pampered and privileged life, with his ten fingers never having touched dishwater. 
His hands had never been soiled by kitchen fumes. 
Not only had he broken the routine by entering the kitchen today, but he was going to break another by cooking for himself? 
He imagined Ashton with an apron tied around him and he felt even more horrified. 
What had provoked the young master?! 
When Mr. Rowan thought of this horrifying image, he heard Ashton ordering him: "Rowan, bring me an apron." 
Rowan: "!!!" 
Was the young master really going to cook? 
What on earth had happened to him?! 
The other workers also had horrified expressions, all guessing what the heck had happened. 
"Young master, what are you making? You could have just ordered them to do it," Rowan felt their wise and honourable young master shouldn’t be wasting his time in the kitchen. 
That pair of hands belonging to their young master were those of someone who makes money, they were made for earning money. 
They shouldn’t be doing these trivial tasks. 
Just when Mr. Rowan had finished speaking, he caught a cold look from their young master. 
Ashton Heath apparently felt he was being nosy: "Just fetch the apron and stop talking nonsense." 
Rowan: "...Yes, young master." 
Having been accused of meddling by the young master, he didn’t dare to say anything more and immediately fetched a new apron. 
Ashton took the apron, then told everyone who was standing in the kitchen: "You can all leave now, I don’t need you here." 
"Yes, young master." 
* 
Rowan and a few other kitchen staff walked out together. 
He still had a confused look, his mind full of puzzles. 
He asked one of the employees: "Do you know what the young master is going to do with these things?" 
Several people shook their heads in a daze: "No idea." 
They were also very confused. 
They had no idea what Ashton Heath was planning to do. 
Rowan walked into the living room, saw the maid Ashton had called to stop earlier, and out of nowhere called her over. 
He asked the maid: "What did the young master tell you when he stopped you before?" 
The maid, blushing, recounted the incident when Ashton had asked her for a tampon.
###Chapter 210: Chapter 212: Don’t Ask What Shouldn’t Be Asked!
Mr. Rowan, a straightforward uncle, couldn’t help but feel embarrassed after hearing this. 
He coughed and covered his mouth, "Mr. Ashton is in the kitchen, says he’s making some brown sugar water. Do you know what this stuff is used for?" 
He had a feeling that it must be related to Ms. Joanna. 
After all, only matters concerning Ms. Joanna could make Mr. Ashton behave so unusually. 
"Brown sugar water?" The maid was stunned and her face showed undeniable envy as she nodded, "I know. It’s for girls to drink when they’re uncomfortable during their period each month. Is Mr. Ashton making it for Ms. Joanna?" 
Oh my god.
She was so envious that she wanted to cry! 
Such a distinguished man like Mr. Ashton was willing to personally cook brown sugar water for Ms. Joanna. 
Although this wasn’t a troublesome task, that man was Mr. Ashton! 
He grew up with a golden spoon in his mouth and had an unparalleled noble identity! 
It was, of course, not surprising for an ordinary person to do such a thing. 
But for a man of Mr. Ashton’s status to humble himself and do this personally, it was truly exceptional. 
He didn’t have to do it this way. 
Couldn’t he just ask the people in the kitchen to do it? 
So, the reason Mr. Ashton was willing to personally cook brown sugar water for Ms. Joanna was obvious. 
He must really like Ms. Joanna. 
The maid was once again overwhelmed with envy to the point of bursting into tears! 
After all, in their hearts, Ashton Heath was like a god. 
How could a god fall in love with a mortal? 
After learning the purpose of the brown sugar water, Mr. Rowan was also astonished. 
Was Mr. Ashton really cooking for Ms. Joanna? 
Although Mr. Rowan knew that Ashton Heath attached great importance to Joanna Lawrence when he first brought her home, he now had an even clearer and deeper understanding of this. 
He didn’t expect Mr. Ashton to value Ms. Joanna so much. 
She was much more important to him than they had thought. 
It seemed that they, as servants, needed to be extra careful and pay more attention when serving Ms. Joanna! 
There couldn’t be any negligence. 
Otherwise, the consequences of offending Ms. Joanna would be more serious than offending Mr. Ashton now. 
"Butler Rowan," the maid asked curiously, her eyes full of curiosity, "Do you know who our Ms. Joanna is? Why didn’t we hear anything from Mr. Ashton before and then suddenly they got married." 
Initially, they had always thought their future mistress would be Ms. Kelloway. 
Ms. Kelloway and Mr. Ashton grew up together, and they could be considered childhood sweethearts. 
Both the Kelloway family and the Heath family were matching in social and economic status, and the elders of the two families were on good terms. 
Moreover, the madam also liked Ms. Kelloway very much and treated her as well as her own daughter. 
Madam must have wished for Ms. Kelloway to marry Mr. Ashton, right? 
And now that Mr. Ashton suddenly got married and his partner was not Ms. Kelloway, did the madam know about this? 
As soon as the maid asked the question, Rowan furrowed his brows, his face darkened, and immediately scolded her in a low voice, "It’s not your place to ask this question! Don’t pry into matters between Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna, it’s none of our business." 
"Don’t blame me for not warning you, do your job well and don’t ask what you shouldn’t!" 
Rowan’s sudden stern tone scared the maid to quickly shut her mouth. 
After a few seconds, she turned pale and said, "I...I understand. I will never ask again."
###Chapter 211: Chapter 213: Definitely More Intense Than I Thought
Mr. Rowan gave her a stern look and continued, "Besides, the fact that Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna got married should only be known by those here. Do not go around talking about it outside. Understood?" 
The maid nodded hurriedly, "Yes, I understand." 
Only then did Mr. Rowan wave his hand, "Go on." 
Although Mr. Ashton did not tell him to keep their marriage secret, 
it seemed that Mr. Ashton had no intention of hiding his marriage with Ms. Joanna either. 
However...since Mr. Ashton did not actively publicize it, it meant that he did not want too many people to know about it for now. 
So, before that, they should better watch their mouths. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence slept early last night, without waking up halfway through, she slept for a full nine hours. 
So, she’s not sleepy right now. 
She lay in bed for a while and found it boring. As soon as she thought of chatting with Aria Rowlett on Twitter, Aria called her. 
Joanna immediately answered, "Aria, are you missing me?" 
Aria laughed, "Yeah, I miss you. I couldn’t sleep last night without you, sweetheart." 
"Hahaha." Joanna laughed as well, "Really? Then wait for me, I’ll be back soon to keep you company." 
"Hehe, am I supposed to believe that? And are you sure you can still get up now? Then I have to doubt my heartthrob’s ’ability’. To qualify, he’s supposed to keep you in bed for three days and three nights, right?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Aria, this "dirty-minded monster"! 
Has she been reading too many overbearing CEO novels? 
What’s with keeping her in bed for three days and three nights? 
If it were like that, Ashton Heath would probably die of exhaustion. 
"Don’t think dirty thoughts!" Joanna bit her lip and said with a red face, "We’re not like that at all!" 
"Hehehe." Aria clearly didn’t believe her, "Ah, I see, not like I thought. It must be more intense than I imagined, I understand." 
Joanna: "..." 
"It’s really not what you think!" 
What kind of intense is she talking about?! 
She got her period at the most critical time, how can it be intense?! 
So intense as to "fight a bloody battle"?!!
"Ah, I see. Okay, okay, you don’t need to explain anymore. Haven’t you heard that explanations are just a cover-up?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Forget it, she doesn’t want to talk anymore. 
She feels so tired. 
"Okay, okay, I’ll stop teasing you." Aria laughed for a few moments, and her tone suddenly became serious, "Sweetheart, I have something important to tell you. You mentioned before that Star Entertainment called you, right? I looked into it, and it should be related to your sister." 
"You mean Annie Lawrence?" Joanna frowned, "What does it have to do with her?" 
If not for Aria reminding her, she would have almost forgotten about it. 
Aria said, "Annie took a new TV series, which is produced by Star Entertainment. She must have suggested that you be her stand-in, so they called you. Sweetheart, your sister is really bad to the core." 
"There are so many other roles that haven’t been confirmed yet. If she recommended you for an audition, your chances of getting a role would be much higher. But she actually wants you to be her stand-in." 
"Moreover, I’ve heard that this new TV series is a martial arts drama. There will be quite a few dangerous scenes. I’m afraid that she specifically wants you to shoot those dangerous scenes." Aria sounded indignant, "This stepsister of yours is really disgusting. Not only did she steal your fiancé, but now she’s trying to sabotage your career as well? How could she be so bad?"
###Chapter 212: Chapter 214: Male Lead 1 is Maddox Allenson
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips, falling silent for a moment. 
"Baby, you need to fight back!" Aria Rowlett gritted her teeth, "Since she’s determined to make your life miserable, you have to take real action to prove you’re not only living well, but also 100 times better than her." 
"What does stealing David Benington mean? The heartthrob is 1,000 times better than David. If she wants to suppress your career, you have to show her your talent. Besides, with the heartthrob as your backstage supporter, what do you have to be afraid of? Isn’t she so unscrupulous because David has her back?" 
"Even if you’re not proving yourself to her, for your own sake, you should try your best, right?" 
Joanna remained silent. 
"Baby?" Her continuous silence made Aria extremely anxious, "Come on, say something. What are you thinking of?" 
Joanna was silent for another moment before she finally spoke up, "Aria, do you have any audition slots available?" 
"Have you come to your senses?!" 
Aria was stunned for a moment, then her excitement returned, "I do! I have slots for both movie and TV series auditions - which one do you want?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, "TV series." 
She’s not even a D-list celebrity right now, so doing well in the TV series field would be no small feat. 
As for the big screen, she didn’t dare to think about it for now. 
Even many A-list actresses who gained fame through TV dramas still didn’t get film roles. 
Let alone her. 
"Okay!" Aria immediately said, "There’s an available audition for the Female Lead 3 role. Do you want to give it a shot?" 
"Absolutely." Joanna didn’t even think twice before answering, "It’s still way better than doing minor roles." 
"Great, I’ll send you the details later. The director is a close older male friend who I know personally. He and the rest of the film crew are straightforward and don’t engage in shady stuff, so you can be at ease when auditioning." 
"I’ll give him a heads up to pay extra attention to you." 
"Thank you, Aria." Joanna said sincerely. 
Aria entered the industry earlier than Joanna and naturally knew more people. 
Moreover, Aria had a friendly personality and had no shortage of friends, both male and female. Many directors and producers in the circle liked her. 
The close older male friend she mentioned was someone she truly considered a brother. 
And he, too, treated her like a little sister. 
Although Aria and Joanna were in the same Performance Major, Aria wasn’t planning to pursue acting as a career. 
So whenever she had any audition opportunities, she handed them over to Joanna. 
Strangely enough, despite Joanna’s talent, she always failed at auditions. Either they thought she performed well but tried to take advantage of her and got rejected or they said she wasn’t suitable for the role. 
In a few instances, Aria accompanied Joanna to the auditions and ively thought Joanna’s performances were really good. 
"Baby, don’t be so formal with me. I wish you success in the audition! Honestly, even though it’s the Female Lead 3 role, the character is rich and full of charm. If played well, there’s still a chance to gain some fame." 
"I got it. I’ll try my best to succeed in the audition." 
"Oh, let me subtly reveal something to you." Aria suddenly said mysteriously, "The Male Lead 1 is Maddox Allenson."
###Chapter 213: Chapter 215: Who are you chatting with that makes you so happy?
The role of Female Lead 3 has romantic scenes with the male lead. Baby, do your best, and I’ll visit you on set when the time comes, hehe." 
Is Male Lead 1 Maddox Allenson? 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned for a moment, still a bit surprised. 
Maddox Allenson is quite the popular young idol now. 
It seems, the TV series Aria Rowlett introduced her to is another big production. 
Moreover, Female Lead 3 has romantic scenes with Male Lead 1... 
There should be quite a few competitors. 
* 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna was still thinking about the audition. 
Quickly, Aria sent her the specific time and place for the audition. 
The audition was scheduled for tomorrow morning at nine o’clock, at the Closia Hotel. 
Upon seeing the title of the drama Aria sent, Joanna was quite surprised. 
This title resembled one she had read before, a popular online novel that she really liked - she had read it at least three times. 
She was also a fan of the author. 
Unsure whether the drama was an adaptation of the novel she had read, Joanna immediately asked Aria for confirmation, wondering: "Aria, is this drama adapted from an online novel?" 
Aria Rowlett quickly replied: "Yep, the original author is quite famous, with several million Blog followers. There are a lot of book fans, too. If it’s well-shot, the ratings will definitely not be low. Moreover, I heard that the original author has a lot of say in the selection of the cast, and Male Lead 1 was chosen by her."
With confirmation, Joanna couldn’t help but feel excited. 
It was really the novel she had read before. 
It had to be said, the author had quite a discerning eye. 
Maddox Allenson’s appearance and temperament were quite similar to the male lead in the original novel. 
The male lead in the novel was a young wolf-dog, which was also Maddox Allenson’s persona since entering the industry. 
It could be said that the character in the original book seemed tailor-made for Maddox Allenson. 
Having read the original novel, Joanna knew which opposing scenes the Female Lead 3 and the male lead had. 
If the original adaptation doesn’t change too much, Female Lead 3’s scenes would be quite plentiful, and it would indeed be a very likable character. 
This kind of character, which easily gained public favor, was very helpful for the popularity and rise of newcomers. 
If she could get the role of Female Lead 3... 
Thinking about it, she felt excited. 
* 
When Ashton Heath walked into the bedroom with the freshly cooked brown sugar tea, he saw a scene just like this. 
The girl who had previously looked listless and out of strength, was now holding her phone with bright eyes and looking at it. 
Moreover, she appeared quite excited and cheerful. 
She was a completely different person compared to before. 
Although her face still looked somewhat pale, she seemed much more spirited now. 
As if she had suddenly been injected with energy. 
"Baby." 
Ashton Heath walked over with a smile: "Who are you chatting with, so happy? Does your stomach still hurt? I made some brown sugar tea; I tasted it just now, and it should taste quite good. You should drink it while it’s hot." 
Ashton Heath had googled it. 
Brown sugar tea works best when consumed hot. 
It’s said to help alleviate coldness in the female reproductive system. 
As someone who had worked in a hospital for several years, he was proficient in surgeries but didn’t know much about gynecology. 
Therefore, he wasn’t sure if the claim that brown sugar tea can alleviate coldness in the female reproductive system was correct or not. 
But since this method worked for Joanna Lawrence, whether there was any relevant basis for the claim didn’t matter at all.
###Chapter 214: Chapter 216: Where did I go wrong?
Making her feel less uncomfortable was what mattered most. 
The young girl who was sitting on the bed, staring at her phone with excitement, suddenly seemed frightened. Her hand trembled, and she looked up abruptly. 
Her pair of black and soft eyes widened in surprise. First, she looked at him, then glanced down at the bowl of sweat tea he was carrying. 
A few seconds of silence followed. 
She looked up again, her eyes still wide and disbelieving, "You went downstairs just now to make sweat tea?" 
No wonder he took so long. 
Ashton Heath walked to the bedside. 
Seeing her incredulous expression, he curved his lips and sat down by the bed with the bowl of sweat tea. 
He scooped a spoonful, blew on it, and then fed it to her, "Yes, you said this would make you feel better, right? It seemed simple to make, so I made some. Taste it to see if it is that flavor." 
"I did a Google search, and it said to add Medjool Dates and ginger, so I did. Did the sweat tea you had before have these ingredients?" 
Joanna Lawrence stared at him blankly. 
"What’s wrong?" 
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "Did I do something wrong?" 
"... No." Joanna’s eyes dropped, suddenly feeling a bit sour and a bit teary. 
She never expected him to do such a thing himself. 
Moreover, he even Googled the specific method. 
Although it was a small thing, it made her feel very warm and touched in her heart. 
At this moment... 
She truly felt that he cared about her. 
That feeling of being cared for was really wonderful. 
Joanna couldn’t help but recall the time she was together with David Benington. David didn’t seem to have done these things for her. 
When she said she wanted sweat tea, he just asked the maid to make it. 
He never personally made it in the kitchen for her. 
Even though this didn’t really prove anything, 
there was no harm in comparison. 
Compared to everything Ashton had done, David’s kindness seemed insignificant. 
"I asked Mr. Rowan to find a hot water bottle. He should be able to find it soon. Drink the sweat tea first." Ashton maintained a feeding posture, his voice soft and gentle. 
Joanna’s eyes became even more misty. 
She buried her head, nodding and taking the bowl from his hands. 
Then she raised her head and drank down half a bowl of the hot sweat tea in one breath. 
The sweat tea was mixed with ginger. After a few sips, warmth instantly spread to her limbs. 
Joanna didn’t know if it was a psychological effect, but she felt her stomach cramps were much relieved. 
It was much more comfortable.
After she finished, Ashton took the empty bowl and placed it on the bedside table. 
He asked her expectantly, with his deep, dark eyes, "How did it taste?" 
It was his first time cooking in his life. 
Although it was just a simple bowl of sweat tea, Ashton still lacked confidence. 
Joanna looked up and smiled at him, sweetly, "Yes, it was delicious." 
Men are easily satisfied. A faint smile crept into the depths of his dark eyes, "Really?" 
"Yes, really!" Joanna nodded vigorously, "It was really delicious. I’ll give you a nine out of ten." 
"Out of ten?" 
"Yes." 
Ashton was quite satisfied with this score. 
He stroked the girl’s soft black hair in front of him, softening his voice, "From now on, if you want sweat tea, I’ll make it for you. What your brother Jeremy can do for you, your husband can do too. What else has Jeremy done for you besides making sweat tea?"
###Chapter 215: Chapter 217: Where Did She Put Her Husband?
Joanna Lawrence felt that the bowl of sweet tea warmed her heart and sweetened it as well. 
She hooked her lips into a sweet smile: "You want to know? Hmm...let me think." 
Ashton Heath smiled and rubbed her head, took off his shoes, lay down on the bed, and with a long arm, pulled her into his arms. 
He lowered his head and gently kissed the top of her hair: "Mm, take your time." 
Joanna Lawrence recalled earnestly and narrated as she did so: "When I was sick, Jeremy would make me vegetable porridge. His porridge is really delicious." 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Vegetable porridge? Noted. What else?" 
"Besides, I like pomegranates, and Jeremy would peel pomegranates for me." 
"Peel pomegranates? Mm, got it. What else?"
"Jeremy would also play games with me." 
"Games?" Ashton Heath paused and raised an eyebrow, "...What games?" 
He never played games. 
This seemed a bit difficult for him. 
Joanna Lawrence explained briefly: "It’s King of Glory, a super popular mobile game that many people play. Even kindergarten kids love to play it." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Games that kindergarten kids could play, was she sure it was really fun? 
However, although Ashton Heath didn’t play games, the Heath Group did have a gaming company under its subsidiary. 
After all, games did make quite a lot of money in recent years. The Heath Group would give any money-making project a try. 
"Jeremy is super good at King of Glory, he mainly plays as an assassin and always performs breathtakingly! Jeremy and I even had a couple account, and he helped me reach Master Rank last season." Speaking of this, Joanna Lawrence’s face was full of pride. 
If it weren’t for Jeremy Lawrence suddenly falling ill, he would definitely be a professional e-sports player by now. 
In fact, before Jeremy had his sudden heart attack, he had joined a provincial gaming team and already ranked within the top five in the nation. 
At that time, Jeremy was also the most promising player in the team. 
Young, good-looking, and talented in gaming, such an e-sports player would become an idol with no less appeal than a star if packaged well and would attract legions of female fans. 
It’s just a pity... 
After developing a heart condition, the chances of pursuing a professional gaming career are slim to none. 
It was quite a shame when she thought about it. 
Because Jeremy himself also loved this industry, and his dream was to join the E&G Team and compete in the world championship. 
The E&G Team is the best domestic e-sports team, and its captain, Neil Cowley, is Jeremy’s idol. 
"Couple account?" Ashton Heath’s attention instantly fell on this matter, and he slightly furrowed his eyebrows. 
"Yes." Joanna Lawrence hadn’t noticed the change in his expression and nodded, "But since Jeremy was hospitalized, he hasn’t played much. If he doesn’t play with me, I won’t have fun playing by myself, so I don’t play either." 
Ashton Heath frowned again and asked in a deep voice: "Can the couple account relationship be removed?" 
Joanna Lawrence nodded: "Yes, it can." 
"Then remove it." 
"Huh?" 
The man’s dark eyes narrowed, and he stretched out a hand toward her: "Give me." 
Joanna Lawrence blinked with a bewildered face: "What?" 
Ashton Heath: "Your phone." 
His wife having a couple account with his brother-in-law in a game, what’s that all about? 
Where does that leave him, the husband? 
If she wanted to have a couple account, it should be with him, not with Jeremy Lawrence.
###Chapter 216: Chapter 218: He’s So Cute When He’s Jealous
Joanna Lawrence stared blankly for a moment, gazing at him for a few seconds before finally catching on. 
Could it be... he’s jealous?! 
Jealous of her and Jeremy Lawrence? 
But, Jeremy is her own brother! 
Does this man really need to be jealous of his own brother-in-law?! 
Even though she and Jeremy have a couple account in the game, it doesn’t mean anything. 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh. She blinked and asked with a smile, "Ashton Heath, do you want me to hand you my phone so you can dissolve the couple relationship between Jeremy and me in the game?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her and answered evasively, "Isn’t it okay?" 
"...No." 
"You and Jeremy aren’t a couple anyway, so what are you doing with a couple account?" The man was clearly unhappy. "Get rid of it immediately. I’ll register an account, and you can have a couple account with me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He really cares about this, doesn’t he? 
She suddenly really wanted to laugh, what should she do? 
She never expected that a man like Ashton Heath would have such a childish side. 
But, he was so cute when he was jealous. 
She couldn’t help but laugh: "Can you take me to Master Rank?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Even though he didn’t know what "Master Rank" meant, as a husband, of course, he could do anything his brother-in-law could do. 
How could he lose to his own brother-in-law? 
After only two or three seconds of silence, he nodded and said, "Of course." 
"Really?" Joanna looked at him teasingly. "You’ve never played this game before, are you sure you can?" 
"I rarely play mobile games, but I’ve played a lot of computer games." Ashton Heath smiled confidently. "Just because I haven’t played it before doesn’t mean I can’t be good at it. Baby, you have to have faith in me." 
"...All right." 
"Can you dissolve your couple account with Jeremy now?" 
The man was quite persistent on this matter and reached out to her again. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He was constantly thinking about this, wasn’t he? 
It seemed she wouldn’t be able to put this matter to rest until it was solved, and he would keep thinking about it. 
Suppressing a laugh, she picked up her phone, logged into the game she hadn’t played in a long time, and dissolved the couple account binding between her and Jeremy. 
"It’s done." 
She waved her phone in front of his eyes and said perfunctorily. 
Only then did a satisfied expression appear on Ashton Heath’s face. He took out his own phone and handed it to her: "Help me register an account and then bind us as couple accounts." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
A few minutes later, she completed the task and handed the phone back to Ashton Heath. 
Ashton took it, checked it, and then asked her, "Are we now a couple account?" 
"Mm-hmm." 
"Can other people see that we are a couple account?" 
"...Mm, when playing games, a couple account will show a pink heart, and anyone playing the game together can see it." 
The man checked his phone again and seemed quite satisfied with this setting, nodding, "Hmm, this setting is not bad. It can deter some people with malicious intentions." 
"..." 
* 
After drinking the bowl of brown sugar sweat tea, Joanna felt much better, and her complexion improved a little. 
Mr. Rowan brought a hot water bottle, and Ashton placed it on Joanna’s belly, lying with her in bed for more than an hour. 
His embrace was warm, and the hot water bottle on her lower abdomen was warm too. 
Joanna’s face gradually regained its color. 
Ashton caressed her tender cheek, which had regained some blood and asked softly, "Do you feel better now?"
###Chapter 217: Chapter 219: I’ve given you my whole heart
It seems, the sweet tea really helped. 
Her face does not appear as pale now. 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Yes, I feel much better." 
"Does your stomach still hurt?" 
"No, it doesn’t." 
Ashton Heath gently touched her head, "If you still feel uncomfortable, tell me. I will make you some more." 
A warmth surged up in Joanna’s chest, she lifted her head to look at Ashton, with a trace of doubt in her eyes, "Ashton Heath..." 
"Yes?" 
"...Have you ever taken care of any other woman like this?" 
"No," Ashton’s answer was swift and decisive, "Baby, you’re the first." 
A touch of sweetness infiltrated her heart. Joanna Lawrence’s lips corner curled slightly. She softly asked, "Why?" 
Ashton lowered his gaze, his deep eyes landed on her delicate face, "I just don’t like them." 
Joanna was stunned. The smile deepened on her lips. 
The trace of sweetness felt as if it had multiplied multiple times... 
He doesn’t like them, so he wouldn’t do these things for them. 
So the fact that he willingly did these things for her, does it mean that he likes her? 
Despite his explicit confession of his love for her, she still found her heart stirred by this subtle confession. 
Her heart pounded erratically. 
"Then why... are you being so good to me?" 
She knew she was asking an obvious question. 
But despite knowing the answer, she wanted to hear him say it once more. 
Ashton peered into her eyes, his distinctively jointed white fingers held her jaw, his handsome face moved closer to her. He asked tenderly in a soft husky voice, "Baby, isn’t it clear to you how I feel by now?" 
"Don’t tell me you still don’t know why I am being good to you." 
He had no intentions of concealing his feelings. 
He confessed his love for her directly. 
He wanted her to comprehend his emotions crystal clear. 
He has never been a fan of playing hard to get. 
If he loved a woman, he would unabashedly pursue her. 
If he couldn’t win her over, he would find other ways. 
In brief, once he has set his eyes on her, he would go all out to win her over. 
Whether in terms of spending money on her or treating her well, he would give her everything he could. 
There was zero cover-up in his attraction towards her. 
He has practically laid his heart bare in front of her. 
Joanna peered into his deep and tender eyes. Her heart pounding wildly at his undisguised affection and desire, laid bare for her to see. 
She was finding it a tad difficult to breathe. She bit her lip and feigned ignorance, "I... I don’t know..." 
"Really?" Ashton’s deep, seductive laugh rang out. 
His lips curled into an inviting smile. "Do you want me to prove it to you right now?" 
Joanna’s heart pounded wildly at his smile, "How... How are you going to prove it?" 
"Like this." 
His handsome face suddenly enlarged in her vision, and his warm, moist lips met hers. 
A few minutes later. 
Joanna lay breathless in his arms, her face tinted a light blush. Her lips were red and swollen. 
Above her head, Ashton stared at her tender, swollen lips, resisting the urge to kiss her again, he asked in a husky voice, "Baby, do you understand my feelings now?" 
Joanna, her eyes filled with bewilderment, thought of the deep, breathless kiss a while ago and blushed again before nodding. 
Ashton laughed lightly, unable to resist, he lightly kissed her again, "Baby, my entire heart now belongs to you. If I don’t treat you good, then who else? You wouldn’t know how important you are to me."
###Chapter 218: Chapter 220: When are you going to have your wedding?
* 
Jeremy Lawrence stayed in the hospital for a while, and when he was discharged, he looked much better. 
When his illness wasn’t acting up, he was not much different from a normal person. 
However, once it did, it would be extremely dangerous. 
Ashton Heath accompanied Joanna Lawrence to the hospital to pick up Jeremy, and when he saw Ashton again, Jeremy had already become very used to calling him "brother-in-law." 
During his stay, Jeremy had received the most meticulous care. 
He stayed in the best hospital room, had the best medical team check on him every day, had his meals carefully planned by a nutritionist, and had bodyguards guarding the door. 
Jeremy knew very well that the reason he received such good treatment and care was all because of his impressive brother-in-law. 
Even if it was because of Joanna, it showed that his brother-in-law genuinely cared for his sister. 
Anyway. 
At the moment, this brother-in-law seemed much more reliable than David Benington. 
David had known his sister for so many years but hadn’t married her. 
And in the end, he even cheated on Joanna with Annie Lawrence. 
But now, this brother-in-law had married his sister quickly. 
On this point alone, Ashton was much more reliable than David. 
After Jeremy accepted Ashton as his brother-in-law in his heart, his attitude towards him became much warmer, treating him like a family member. 
He, Joanna, and Ashton walked ahead. 
Behind them, two bodyguards carried Jeremy’s luggage. 
"Brother-in-law." 
Jeremy looked at Joanna being embraced by Ashton’s waist and a faint smile appeared on his face. He casually asked, "You and Joanna got your marriage certificate, when will you two have your wedding ceremony?" 
Annie had caused a scene at the hospital before. 
She said that Joanna and Ashton’s relationship was that of a mistress and sugar daddy. 
Of course, Jeremy didn’t believe such words. 
He thought Annie was just talking nonsense. 
JJeremy knew better than anyone what kind of person Joanna was. 
However, his sister’s marriage had indeed been quite sudden; he didn’t believe it was because of love or anything. 
Joanna had only broken up with David not long ago; it was impossible for her to fall in love with another man so soon. 
Jeremy more or less guessed that Joanna’s hurried marriage must be related to his illness. 
He had been worried that Joanna would suffer, be aggrieved, or be unhappy... 
But after meeting this time, Jeremy felt he was overthinking. 
When Joanna acted coy around her brother-in-law, she seemed like they had just fallen in love. 
The two appeared to have a very good relationship. 
Joanna didn’t look unhappy at all. 
On the contrary, she seemed to be doing great. 
What she was wearing looked very expensive, and it must have been bought by her brother-in-law for her. 
Seeing Joanna living so well, Jeremy was happy. 
At this moment, Jeremy hoped that there would be no other external factors mixed in with Joanna and Ashton’s marriage. He was afraid that they were together for some reason, and when their goal was achieved, they would separate... 
He was afraid that such a thing would happen. 
That’s why he felt that merely having a marriage certificate wasn’t enough; they needed to hold a wedding ceremony as well to let more people know about their marriage. 
Only then would their marriage be more stable. 
He felt that if Ashton was not willing to have a wedding ceremony, then it must be as he had guessed: they got married for some reason.
###Chapter 219: Chapter 221: What is Joanna hiding and keeping secret?
In the future, they might get divorced. 
After asking, Jeremy was somewhat nervous waiting for Ashton Heath’s response. 
"Hold a wedding?" Ashton Heath repeated his words, lips curled up and turned to look at Joanna Lawrence, "Your brother asks when we are going to hold a wedding, what do you think?" 
"Uhm..." 
"I also think we should hold a wedding sooner. We’ve got the marriage certificate, but it seems a bit unreasonable not to hold a wedding yet." 
"..." 
"You can think about it. Tell me when you have decided, and I can cooperate with you anytime." 
"..." 
Joanna was a bit irritated. 
How come they’ve ended up talking about holding a wedding again. 
She is not prepared at all. 
"Ahem ahem, let’s talk about this when we get home." Joanna quickly changed the subject, reached out and patted Jeremy’s shoulder, and said with a smile, "Jeremy, to celebrate your being discharged from the hospital, let’s have a feast tonight." 
"Your brother-in-law said he’s treating, so just tell him whatever you want to eat." 
Jeremy: "..." 
Alright, he figured that it wasn’t his brother-in-law who didn’t want to hold a wedding. 
It turned out that the person who didn’t want to hold a wedding was his sister. 
Jeremy couldn’t understand his sister’s behavior. 
His brother-in-law is so handsome and wealthy, wouldn’t it be very face-giving to take him anywhere? 
Why is his sister hiding this? 
Could it be that his sister is still thinking about that bastard David Benington? So that’s why she’s been putting off having a wedding with her brother-in-law? 
Jeremy didn’t think that, but suddenly felt there was a possibility. 
Even though Joanna seemed very indifferent on the surface, she had known David for so many years after all. 
She can’t just not care at all. 
Maybe the reason she had a flash marriage was not only because of his illness but also because of David. 
David’s betrayal hurt and stimulated her... 
But this really isn’t fair to her brother-in-law, right? 
Jeremy immediately decided that he should help his brother-in-law win his sister’s heart as soon as possible. 
* 
Outside the hospital. 
Zack was standing next to a black Rolls-Royce. 
Seeing Ashton Heath and his party coming out, he immediately came forward to greet them, respectfully calling out, "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna." 
Then he looked at the tall, slender, and good-looking young man next to Joanna and respectfully bowed, calling out, "Hello, Mr. Lawrence." 
Being suddenly given such a big courtesy, especially from an elder, Jeremy was startled. 
He quickly took a step back, turned his head, and looked a bit flustered at Joanna. 
"This is Zack." Joanna introduced him. 
Joanna understood Jeremy’s reaction. 
She also found it hard to get used to at first, and even now, she’s not completely used to it. 
Being called Ms. Joanna was still a bit uncomfortable. 
"Hello, Zack." Jeremy politely greeted Zack. 
Zack took another look at him and felt a bit of liking in his heart. 
Ms. Joanna’s brother is as likable as her. 
The two of them are good-looking. 
Jeremy is just a little skinny, otherwise, he’s flawless in every other aspect. 
Zack felt that Jeremy was even better looking than many male stars on TV. 
Although his clothes looked ordinary, he had an excellent temperament, just like a clean, refreshing and sunny boy-next-door. 
He must be very popular among girls in school. 
It’s just that Ms. Joanna’s brother doesn’t look like her at all. He probably takes after their mother, while she takes after their father.
###Chapter 220: Chapter 222: Which car do you like? I will give it to you.
Zack opened the car door, and Jeremy Lawrence looked at it, naturally heading towards the front-seat passenger position. 
* 
After getting in the car. 
Jeremy tried to suppress his shock and forced himself to maintain his composure, but his curious eyes couldn’t help but look around. 
This car... belongs to his brother-in-law? 
And, his brother-in-law even has a private chauffeur? 
The Lawrence family used to be rich, so Jeremy had some understanding of luxury cars. 
He knew that the limited edition Rolls-Royce he was sitting in was very, very expensive.
A car worth tens of millions. 
Moreover, it was a global limited edition. If one didn’t have a prominent social status, they wouldn’t be able to buy it at all. 
The Benington family is also a noble family, wealthy indeed. 
But even for the Benington family, this limited edition car might be hard to come by. 
When Ashton Heath first visited Jeremy, Jeremy knew that his brother-in-law was very rich. 
But as for exactly how rich, Jeremy wasn’t quite sure. 
Never truly grasped the depth of it. 
At this moment, sitting in the tens of millions dollar car, Jeremy finally gained some understanding. 
"Ashton," looking into the rearview mirror, he asked his brother-in-law, "This car is really expensive, isn’t it?" 
In the back seat. 
Ashton Heath replied, perfectly composed: "It’s not too bad." 
Jeremy: "..." 
A tens of millions dollar car, and he says it’s not too bad? 
His mouth twitched, then he asked again, "Ashton, how many cars do you have? Is this the most expensive one?" 
Ashton Heath took Jeremy’s question seriously. 
He thought for a while, and then answered seriously: "I haven’t counted, so I’m not sure exactly how many. When we get back, I can have someone count them. This car isn’t the most expensive one. The most expensive one is in the garage. If you want to see it, I can show it to you when we get back." 
Jeremy: "..." 
He felt like he’d been shot in the chest again. 
Ouch! It hurts! 
Automotives in numbers he didn’t even know? Was it because he had so many that he couldn’t keep track? 
Thinking about it, Jeremy’s chest hurts even more. 
His brother-in-law must be super rich! 
Did his sister marry into a super wealthy family? 
"Can I see it?" Still, Jeremy was quite interested in that most expensive luxury car. 
More accurately, all men are quite interested in luxury cars. 
This level of interest was no less than women’s love for bags and makeup products. 
Jeremy had no money, but he loved to study these luxury cars in his spare time. 
"Of course you can." Ashton Heath smiled, "As long as you have a driver’s license, you can even drive it out." 
If Yannick Luther was there at the moment, he would probably be so angry that he’d vomit blood. 
Ashton Heath’s most expensive car – Yannick had always wanted to take it out for a spin, having asked Ashton multiple times, offering endless flattery, but Ashton never relented. 
And now, his brother offered to let someone else drive the car without solicitation. 
Upon hearing that, Jeremy’s eyes lit up: "I have a driver’s license. Ashton, can I really take that most expensive car of yours out for a spin?" 
He felt that even allowing him to drive this Rolls-Royce would satisfy him. 
He had only seen these cars in magazines and on TV. If he could touch one and drive one, he’d be content for life. 
"If I say it’s okay, then it’s okay." 
Ashton Heath was quite generous to his brother-in-law: "Once we get back, take a look through the garage and see if there’s one you like. I’ll give it to you as a gift." 
"Cough, cough, cough." Jeremy’s eyes widened, and he coughed is disbelief, "Give...give it to me?"
###Chapter 221: Chapter 223: Her Husband is Really Rich!
"Hmm. Don’t you like it?" 
"Yes, yes, I do..." 
But can luxury cars really be given out so casually? 
From what he now knew about his brother-in-law, there probably wasn’t a single cheap car in his garage. 
Joanna was also shocked and turned her head to look at him: "You’re giving Jeremy a car?" 
Ashton nodded. 
Joanna: "...But Jeremy doesn’t need it." 
"How can he not need it?" Ashton pursed his lips, "Having a car makes everything more convenient. Besides, even if he doesn’t need it now, it doesn’t prevent me from giving it to him. He’ll eventually need it." 
Joanna: "..." 
What kind of experience is it to have such a rich husband? 
Giving away luxury cars and watches as if it’s nothing? 
He gave a watch worth several million dollars at their first meeting, and now he wants to give a car? 
Is this how wealthy people give gifts, always with such extravagance? 
"But, isn’t such a gift too valuable?" 
Ashton crooked his lips again: "It’s just a car, not that valuable." 
Poor Joanna: "..." 
Poor Jeremy: "..." 
Joanna’s inner thoughts: Her husband is so rich!! 
Jeremy’s inner thoughts: His brother-in-law is too rich! 
* 
The group of people returned to Hillside Villa first. 
Ashton had given instructions yesterday, so the servants had prepared Jeremy’s room in advance. 
The black Rolls-Royce slowly drove into the expansive mansion grounds. 
The servants had been informed early on and were waiting with Butler Rowan outside the White Castle. 
Even though Jeremy already knew his brother-in-law was incredibly rich, he was still shocked when he saw this super mansion, which was located halfway up the mountain and had an area comparable to a park. 
With his mouth agape, he looked at the view outside the window in amazement. 
On both sides of the road, there were endless green lawns and green plants trimmed into various animal shapes. 
Numerous valuable flowers lined the roadside. 
Right in front was a white building like a castle, with a huge fountain pool in front of it. 
Next to the fountain pool stood a group of people in uniform. 
As they approached the fountain pool, Zack slowly stopped the car. 
He got out, walked to Jeremy’s side, and opened the door for him, standing aside respectfully: "Mr. Jeremy, please get out." 
Jeremy: "..." 
He touched his nose awkwardly, then jumped out of the car: "Ah, thank you, Zack." 
Zack went to the back seat and opened the doors for Joanna and Ashton. 
Seeing Joanna get out of the car, Jeremy immediately went over to her. 
When he reached her side, he touched his nose and lowered his voice to ask: "Sis, is this... brother-in-law’s house?" 
Joanna nodded: "Yes." 
Jeremy took a deep breath: "...Brother-in-law’s house is so big? The houses here must be very expensive." 
Joanna thought for a moment and then shook her head: "I don’t know." 
She only knew that this area was a wealthy area, but as for how much it cost to own land here, she had no idea. 
She hadn’t asked Ashton. 
Ashton came over and naturally put his arm around Joanna’s waist, leading her forward. 
"Welcome home, Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna." 
"Welcome, Mr. Jeremy." 
Rowan led the bodyguards and the servants to greet them. 
The simultaneous voices of the crowd startled Jeremy once again. 
Even the Lawrence family had never experienced such a scene before, when they still had money.
###Chapter 222: Chapter 224: Joanna, I hope you can fall in love with me.
Rowan glanced at Jeremy Lawrence, smiled, and said, "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna, Mr. Lawrence’s room is ready. Would you like to take Mr. Lawrence to check it now?" 
"Yes." Ashton Heath nodded, "Let’s take him there first." 
After speaking, he turned his head to Jeremy Lawrence and said, "You can go and check your room first. If you have any dissatisfaction or need anything, you can tell Rowan, he is the butler here." 
Rowan looked at Jeremy Lawrence, and smiled, "Mr. Lawrence, please follow me." 
Jeremy Lawrence looked somewhat at a loss towards Joanna Lawrence: "Joanna." 
"Go ahead." Joanna Lawrence patted his shoulder, "I will come to find you later. If you have anything, just find butler Rowan directly." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath also returned to their bedroom. 
"Don’t spoil Jeremy too much." Joanna Lawrence was still thinking about the car giving situation, frowning slightly and disagreeing, "He is still a student and usually lives in school. Giving him a car, he won’t be able to use it at all." 
"Moreover, it’s too flashy." 
All the cars Ashton Heath drove were luxury cars. 
The car he gave to Jeremy Lawrence, of course, was no exception. 
The high school Jeremy Lawrence attended was not a noble school. 
Driving too good a car to school would be too conspicuous. 
The most crucial point is that Jeremy Lawrence is still young, sending him these luxury watches and cars would alter his values. 
"You’re still worrying about this?" 
Ashton Heath chuckled lightly, closing the bedroom door, and casually wrapping her in his arms. 
He rested his head on top of hers, nuzzling affectionately, "He’s your brother and a person you care about. So I just wanted to be nice to him. It’s just a car, where’s the flashiness?" 
"I understand, but..." 
"Baby." Ashton Heath, as if knowing what she was about to say, placed his slender finger on her lips and laughed lightly, "If you’re worried about it being too flashy, should I give a cheaper one? Previously, I gave him a watch, you said it was too valuable, now I give him a car, you say it’s too flashy." 
"What should I do?" 
"I just want to give my sister’s little brother some gifts to win his favor, so he can speak well of me to his sister. Is that not okay?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Her eyes showed a hint of confusion: "We’re already married, you actually don’t need to..." 
"Shh, listen to me." 
His slender and fair fingers lightly pressed against her lips, his deep eyes carried a gentle and indulgent smile, "Baby, do you know? What I want is not just your body, but also your heart." 
The man’s gaze was sincere, laying his heart bare in front of her: "While we didn’t marry for love, in the future, I hope our marriage can have love. Joanna, I hope you can fall in love with me." 
"Ashton Heath..." 
"I know it’s a process that can’t be rushed. So, I need to find a way to make you like me first. Once you’ve accumulated enough fondness for me, perhaps you’ll fall in love with me." 
"..." 
"To make you like me, the quickest way is to be nice to you, and be nice to the people you care about. I know you and Jeremy Lawrence are very close. Therefore, now I’m trying to please him in order to win your favor. You won’t stop me, will you?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
This was the first time she had encountered a man like Ashton Heath.
###Chapter 223: Chapter 225: Until You Fall in Love with Me
He wanted a woman to fall in love with him, and so he honestly told her his thoughts and methods in front of her. 
What kind of move was that? 
And... did he mean he was pursuing her? 
Joanna Lawrence thought about this and asked directly, "Ashton Heath, are you... pursuing me?" 
"Yes." The man nodded straightforwardly. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Baby, I’m pursuing you, so I hope you can give me a chance. I also hope that one day, the only reason you’re with me is because you love me." 
Joanna looked at him blankly, "What kind of chance do you want me to give you?" 
The man looked down at her. 
The affectionate laughter in his deep, enchanting eyes was dizzying, "Give me a chance to understand you and be good to you. You also try to slowly accept me, understand me, and gradually try to treat me as your real husband, okay?" 
Facing such gentle conquest, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t resist. 
Her heart was pounding like a drum, her heart racing non-stop. 
As if the next second, her heart would burst out of her chest. 
This feeling of not being able to control her heart made her feel a little scared and flustered, and a little confused... 
What did he really want after all? 
He had said before that he needed a wife, so they got married. 
But now, he said he also wanted to win her heart. 
They were already husband and wife, did he still care if she had him in her heart or not? 
"Baby?" 
Her silence lasted too long, and he gently rubbed her jaw, his voice getting lower and softer, "Have you thought it over?" 
Joanna Lawrence was silent for a while longer, then asked very softly, "What if... I don’t want to?" 
She had thought he might get angry. 
Unexpectedly, the man hooked his lips and laughed, "I will still continue to pursue you, to be good to you, until you fall in love with me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Then why did he bother asking her opinion! 
What a domineering man! 
Her beautiful eyes stared roundly at him, even puffing up her cheeks when she was angry. 
This appearance was not fierce at all, but to Ashton Heath, it was nothing more than an adorably angry little kitten. 
Very cute. 
So cute that it made him want to torment her again. 
But remembering that she was in a special period right now, those ideas that had just sprung to his mind quickly vanished. 
"Baby, don’t be angry. Getting angry during your period is bad for your body; be careful, your stomach might get uncomfortable again." The man’s warm hand fell on her lower abdomen, gently rubbing, "Isn’t it a good thing to have someone be good to you? Or would you rather your husband didn’t treat you well?" 
Initially, Joanna hadn’t felt any discomfort in her stomach. 
But after his reminder, she suddenly experienced an acid-bloating pain. 
Her brows furrowed, she bit her lip, and glared at him discontentedly, "It’s all your fault, my stomach is uncomfortable again." 
Ashton Heath was startled, "Is it really uncomfortable?" 
Just as Joanna was about to speak, the acid pain surged again, and her brows furrowed even tighter. 
Even her complexion turned two shades paler. 
Ashton Heath immediately picked her up and carried her to the bed, gently laying her down. 
"Does it hurt a lot?" 
The tall, upright figure squatted by the bed, his hand gently massaging her lower abdomen. 
This method was also one he had found on
###Chapter 224: Chapter 226: Can’t Help But Acting Spoiled with Him
They said that pressing the lower abdomen like this could help alleviate some pain. 
Joanna didn’t feel much pain; her current pain was within her tolerance range. 
But for some reason... 
Seeing Ashton so worried, she couldn’t help but act spoiled, "Um, it hurts so much..." 
Ashton totally believed her. 
"Wait here, I’ll be back soon." 
He stood up and walked towards the door. 
"Where are you going?" 
Seeing him already at the door, Joanna asked. 
Ashton paused his footsteps and opened the door, "I’ll make you some sweet tea, just bear with it for a bit. I’ll be back soon." 
* 
As soon as Ashton opened the door and stepped out, he saw Mr. Rowan walking over with Jeremy Lawrence. 
Seeing him, Jeremy quickly walked up to him, "Ashton, where’s Joanna?" 
"You’ve arrived just in time." 
Ashton patted him on the shoulder and told him, "Joanna is feeling a little under the weather; you go in and take care of her." 
"Joanna is not feeling well? What’s wrong with her?" 
Hearing that Joanna was not feeling well, Jeremy became anxious. 
Ashton was silent for a few seconds, not answering him, and said, "You’ll know when you go in. Hurry up and go in, don’t dawdle." 
With that, he hurried downstairs, leaving a bewildered Jeremy behind. 
* 
"Sis, where do you feel unwell?" 
Jeremy entered the bedroom, saw Joanna lying on the bed, quickly walked to her side, and looked at her anxiously. 
When Joanna heard the footsteps, she thought Ashton had returned already. 
She was wondering how he got back so quickly. 
When she saw it was Jeremy, she was taken aback and blinked, "Who told you I was unwell?" 
"Ashton," Jeremy said. "I just ran into him, and he said you were not feeling well and asked me to come take care of you. But where did he go? Why didn’t he take care of you himself?" 
Joanna was silent for a moment, and then lightly coughed with her hand to her lips, "Um...he went to make sweet tea for me?" 
"Making sweet tea for you, he’s making..." Jeremy’s words trailed off as he realized what was going on, and a blush spread across his face, "sis, you, your period came huh." 
"...Yeah." 
Even though he was her own brother, 
there were still some things they would feel embarrassed about. 
Jeremy knew about her problem. 
As someone who had taken care of Joanna numerous times and had relevant experience, of course, he was better at taking care of people than Ashton. 
He immediately got a cup and went to the side to pour a cup of boiling water. 
"Sis, have some hot water first." 
Although the phrase "drink some hot water" had been ridiculed countless times online, during times like this, hot water really was useful. 
Joanna took it, sipped slowly a couple of times. 
Looking at Jeremy standing by the bed anxiously watching her, she raised her head and smiled, "Just feeling a little unwell, it’s not serious, don’t worry." 
"Just a little?" 
Jeremy was a little skeptical, "But why do I see Ashton looking very worried?" 
Before Joanna could answer, Jeremy continued, "Sis, Ashton is really good to you. He even personally went to make sweet tea for you." 
"I thought rich men like him wouldn’t do such things themselves." 
Joanna: "...He didn’t do it before." 
"So, for the first time in his life, Ashton is making sweet tea for you?" 
"Uh..." Joanna’s face became slightly hot and embarrassed. She pursed her lips and smiled, "I guess so."
###Chapter 225: Chapter 227: For example, obstacles and such
Jeremy Lawrence: "..." 
So, his sister really hit the jackpot. 
After being betrayed by that scumbag David Benington, she immediately got into a flash marriage with a handsome, young, and rich man. 
And this man treats her so well! 
"Joanna, I have a question for you. Can you answer me seriously?" Jeremy Lawrence straightened his face, becoming much more serious and solemn. 
Seeing her brother like this, Joanna also became serious. 
She looked at her earnest brother and asked curiously, "What’s the question?" 
Jeremy Lawrence asked solemnly, "Does Ashton have some kind of leverage in your hands?" 
Joanna: "" 
Meow meow meow, what does this stinky boy Jeremy Lawrence mean?! 
The handsome young man looked at her reaction and frowned, asking again, "Or is it that Ashton fell in love with you at first sight, became crazy about you, and couldn’t wait to marry you for fear that someone else would snatch you away?" 
Jeremy Lawrence was really puzzled about his sister’s flash marriage. 
Even if his sister married Ashton to help treat her own brother’s illness...
What about Ashton himself? 
Jeremy Lawrence knew about Ashton Heath’s situation. 
With Ashton’s conditions, it was hard to find a better man among spthers. 
He can have any woman he wants. 
It’s not that Jeremy Lawrence thought his own sister was not good enough or outstanding... 
But ively speaking, the difference in circumstances between his sister and Ashton Heath was too great. 
Except for their appearances matching well, there was a huge gap in other aspects. 
David Benington’s conditions were already extremely enviable. 
He didn’t know how many women were trying to attract his attention. 
But Ashton’s conditions were far beyond David Benington’s, so one could imagine how many women were fantasizing about him. 
Saying that he fell in love with his sister at first sight, Jeremy Lawrence didn’t think it was very likely. 
A man like Ashton Heath wouldn’t be so easily attracted to a beautiful woman just because of her looks. 
So... what was the reason? 
When Jeremy Lawrence’s doubting eyes met hers, Joanna’s lips twitched as if she wanted to hit someone. 
This stinky boy. 
Is he still her own brother?! 
"Could it be..." Jeremy Lawrence seemed to ask himself, not waiting for Joanna to answer, as he made up various reasons in his mind, thinking of one possibility causing his face to change slightly and his lips to twitch. 
Then, lowering his voice, he cautiously asked, "Does Ashton have any problems... with his health?" 
Well, Jeremy Lawrence just didn’t think that a man with such good conditions needed to rush to get married. 
Especially not a flash marriage with a woman he had known for only a few days. 
There must be some issue! 
Joanna: "..." 
She had a few black lines on her forehead, her lips twitched again, and she looked at her brother speechlessly, "So, you think Ashton has a health problem?" 
"Er..." Jeremy Lawrence scratched his head, "Joanna, I’ve said it, you won’t hit me, right?" 
Joanna smiled: "Of course not." 
Jeremy Lawrence: "..." 
Why did he feel that his sister’s smile was so creepy? 
"Well, I think, ahem..." Jeremy Lawrence glanced at the door, and after not hearing any movement, he whispered mysteriously, "It’s about that issue! Like some kind of obstacle."
###Chapter 226: Chapter 228: When did Ashton Heath come in?
"Joanna, although Ashton has many good qualities, if he really has a problem in that area, I think you should consider it carefully. This could affect your happiness for the rest of your life." 
"And both of you are still young, you’ll want children in the future. If he has a problem, how will you have kids? Adopting can’t compare to having your own."
"I’ve heard that if there’s a mismatch in that area between husband and wife, it can greatly affect the relationship!" 
"Joanna, you..." 
"You little brat, what nonsense are you talking about?" 
Joanna finally understood what Jeremy meant by having a problem with his body. 
This little rascal actually suspected that Ashton married her because he’s not capable in that area? 
So in this little rascal’s eyes, Ashton married her either because she had something on him, or because he was somehow incapable. The idea that he married her because he fell in love with her never crossed his mind? 
She wondered again whether this little rascal could really be her own brother. 
Was there anyone else like him who could dig at their own sister in such a roundabout way? 
Too hateful! 
"Your brother-in-law is perfectly healthy, there’s no problem or obstacle. What on earth are you thinking about all day? How do you think Ashton would react if I told him about this conversation?" 
Jeremy’s face changed drastically, and he immediately raised his hands in surrender: "Joanna, Joanna, I was wrong." 
"I won’t talk nonsense anymore, please don’t tell Ashton." 
Any man would find it unbearable if his abilities in that area were questioned. 
Joanna looked at her brother’s instantly submissive appearance and snorted: "The reason Ashton had a flash marriage with me is because he was love at first sight and deeply in love with me. He was afraid that if he didn’t marry me quickly, I’d be snatched away by other men. After all, I’m so beautiful, lovely, and charming, it’s only natural for him to be smitten by me." 
Joanna didn’t want to tell Jeremy the real situation. 
Otherwise, with his sensitive personality, he would worry about her again. 
Jeremy was about to speak when he suddenly caught a glimpse of someone entering the room out of the corner of his eye. 
Jeremy: "!!!" 
When did his brother-in-law come upstairs? How come he didn’t make any noise? 
How much of their conversation did he hear?! 
Joanna was unaware of Ashton’s presence. 
She was still holding her face, smiling and saying, "Can’t help it, I’m just that charismatic. Your brother-in-law is completely infatuated with me." 
The tall figure behind her paused slightly before continuing to walk towards them. 
Jeremy, with a face full of embarrassment: "Joanna, about..." 
"What?" Joanna raised her eyebrows, "Are you unconvinced?" 
"No, it’s just... Ashton..." 
"What about Ashton?" 
The last few words were choked up in her throat as she saw the man carrying a bowl and walking towards them. 
At that moment, her triumphant face froze. 
Her eyes widened as she watched the figure approaching. Her mouth opened and her face turned beet red in embarrassment. 
When did Ashton enter the room? 
Why didn’t he make any noise while walking?! 
Oh god, did he hear everything she just said? 
At the thought, Joanna wanted to die from embarrassment. 
She just wanted to find a hole to hide herself in.
###Chapter 227: Chapter 229: Take the Initiative to Be Strong
Argh! 
Why did he have to show up just when she was bragging to Jeremy Lawrence?! 
So embarrassing. 
Joanna’s face was burning hot, unable to look into Ashton’s teasing and deep eyes. The heat on her face continued to radiate outwards, as if her entire face was about to catch fire. 
"Joanna, Ashton." 
Jeremy was also quite embarrassed, his face equally rigid and forcing an unnatural smile. 
It could be said that he was even more embarrassed than Joanna. 
After all, Joanna was just boasting a little bit. 
He, on the other hand... had just said some unpleasant things. 
He didn’t know if his brother-in-law had heard them or not! 
Ashton carried the freshly brewed sweet tea to the bedside. 
With a smile, he looked at the awkward brother and sister, his amusement deepening, and raised his eyebrows slightly: "Your sister is right." 
Jeremy: "Huh?" 
Ashton stirred the brown sugar in the tea with a spoon, sat down by the bed, and his deep gaze landed on Joanna’s flushed face as he teased: "I really did fall in love with her at first sight, and then I couldn’t help but love her. I was worried that she would be taken away by other men, so I wanted to be the first to make a move." 
Joanna’s face turned even redder. 
Although Ashton seemed to be trying to ease the tension for her, she still felt incredibly embarrassed and ashamed. 
She couldn’t even look him in the eyes. 
"Also," 
Ashton paused for a moment and looked at Jeremy: "I am in great health, and all my functions are normal, with no obstacles or issues. You don’t need to worry that your sister might be ’unhappy’ with me. If you still have doubts, I can go for a check-up right away. This way, you two can feel more at ease." 
Jeremy’s handsome, delicate face also turned red. 
At this moment, he wanted to dig a hole and hide in it with his sister. 
How humiliating! 
Everything he had just said had been heard by his brother-in-law! 
Heard, by, everyone! 
Jeremy wasn’t normally one to gossip behind people’s backs – he simply worried too much about his sister and feared she would be taken advantage of. 
He just felt that there must be something wrong with Ashton for having such good conditions but wanting a flash marriage. 
It was supposed to be just a whispered conversation between the two siblings. 
Now, the fact that the real person the conversation was about had heard it filled Jeremy with a sense of shame as if he had been caught red-handed badmouthing someone. 
He bit his lip, regret on his face, and a blush crept across his fair and delicate face: "Brother-in-law, I... I’m sorry." 
Jeremy was beautifully delicate, with very fair skin. 
At first glance, one might think he was a pretty girl. 
But upon closer inspection, his features had a touch of masculinity, and while delicate and pretty, they didn’t seem effeminate. 
Like Joanna, he had a shy nature. 
His downcast eyes and blushing face, looking helpless, resembled someone who had been bullied. 
Ashton couldn’t help but laugh at the sight. 
Such close siblings, indeed. 
At times, even their expressions were exactly the same. 
"I wasn’t blaming you," Ashton saw that his meek-natured brother-in-law was not someone to be scared, so he spoke gently, "It’s because you care so much about your sister that you have those worries. I’m glad to see you both have such a strong bond." 
"When I mentioned the check-up earlier, I wasn’t just saying it casually. If it will make you feel better, I can go for one anytime."
###Chapter 228: Chapter 230: Will you always be this good to me?
The more Ashton Heath said that, the more ashamed Jeremy Lawrence felt, and he quickly waved his hand: "No, no need..." 
"Um, Ashton, I still have some luggage to pack. I’ll go do that now." 
"Cough, cough, since Ashton is here, I’m not needed. Let Ashton take good care of you." 
After saying that, Jeremy turned around and quickly slipped away. 
In just a few seconds, the slender figure of the young man had disappeared without a trace. 
After leaving, he thoughtfully closed the bedroom door gently. 
Looking at the fleeing Jeremy, Joanna Lawrence thought: "..." 
The little rascal really got away quickly! 
* 
"Your brother really cares about you." 
Ashton Heath picked up the bowl of brown sugar water from the bedside table, scooped up a spoonful to test the temperature himself, and handed the bowl to Joanna only after he found it suitable: "Drink while it’s hot. Is your stomach still hurting a lot? Do you want to call a doctor?" 
Joanna was still embarrassed by the incident earlier. 
Fortunately, Ashton didn’t make fun of her or tease her about it. 
Moreover, he didn’t mention it again. 
Only then did Joanna feel her face wasn’t as hot as before, but there was still a slight embarrassment.
The blush on her face hadn’t completely faded yet; her small red face took the sweet tea with pursed lips. 
She took a small sip first, then drank the rest in one go. 
Perhaps she drank slightly too fast, and got choked a little. 
Ashton gently patted her back and chided tenderly, "Why did you drink so fast?" 
Joanna coughed for a while before recovering slowly. 
Her eyes were watery from coughing; when she looked up at him, they filled with a hint of grievance. 
Ashton was taken aback; he brushed aside the fringe covering her eyes and touched her head. In a deep voice, he asked, "Baby, what’s wrong?" 
Joanna bit her lip, blinked, and her eyes became even mistier. 
Seeing her eyes suddenly reddened, Ashton was somewhat flustered. 
"Baby?" He frowned, stared deeply into her eyes, and scrutinized her for a few seconds. "Why suddenly cry? Who bullied you?" 
He tried to think carefully. 
Just now, he hadn’t said anything he shouldn’t have. 
How could she cry all of a sudden? 
Joanna sniffed, shook her head, and spoke in a tearful voice: "Ashton Heath." 
Her voice was soft and tender; even her normal speech was soft and sweet, but now it was even softer and more tender. 
It carried a slight sob, so much so that Ashton Heath was filled with an innumerable amount of pity. 
He wanted to wrap her up and hold her inside him. 
When he spoke again, his tone was so gentle that it could wring out water: "Mmm, baby, I’m here. Is there something you want to tell me?" 
Joanna looked at him with misty black eyes: "Will you always be this good to me?" 
Ashton was puzzled for a moment. 
He was a bit surprised that she would ask such a question. 
But quickly, he gave a very affirmative answer: "Yes." 
"Really?" Joanna sniffed, "Will you really always be this good to me?" 
Just a moment ago, she suddenly felt a pang of fear. 
She was truly scared; once she got used to Ashton Heath’s pampering, there might come a day when he would change and become like David Benington. 
He would fall in love with another woman, divorce her, and leave her.
###Chapter 229: Chapter 231: Spoiling you until you can’t leave me
If he had never spoiled her, even if they were separated, she wouldn’t have anything to cling to or care about, right? 
But...
He was so good to her, so doting. How could her heart not be affected? 
She could already imagine that if that day came, she would definitely be very sad. 
Definitely sadder than breaking up with David Benington. 
After all, David had never spoiled her like this. 
"Yes." The man gave a firm answer again, without any hesitation. 
As if sensing her unease, Ashton Heath smiled and cupped her palm-sized face. His voice softened by several degrees, "Baby, if verbal promises can’t give you a sense of security, I can teach you a way." 
"This trick is definitely more useful than any verbal guarantee. Do you want to know? I can teach you." 
Joanna Lawrence blinked, "What method?" 
Ashton Heath’s lips curved again. 
His handsome face had deep and exquisite features, especially the contours of his eyebrows and eyes. When those deep eyes were focused on someone, it felt as if they were being sucked into the whirlpool beneath them. 
Her heart suddenly became flustered. 
When the man didn’t smile, he seemed cold and mysterious like a flower on the top of the peak, giving a sense of untouchable sanctity. 
But when he smiled, he could easily stir one’s heart. 
His smile was especially charming. 
Joanna was dazzled by that smile at the corner of his lips. 
The beautiful and deep face approached her, magnifying several times in front of her eyes. His warm breath spilled onto her blush-tinted cheeks, "I’ll draft an agreement. If I change my mind in the future and break the terms in the agreement, all my assets will go to you." 
"Baby, any promise or guarantee can only be considered truly protected when it is linked with the other party’s economic interest." 
"Otherwise, it’s just empty words." 
"The best way to restrain a person is to control their economic interest. Especially for a man like me with immense wealth. If I betray you, I will suffer huge losses." 
Joanna’s eyes widened in shock as she listened. 
Was he teaching her how to deal with him? 
But isn’t there something wrong with this script? 
Usually, men with his fortune who marry women with mismatched social status would draft various agreements pre-marriage to prevent the women from taking advantage of the marriage to acquire their wealth, right? 
If not that, they would still be cautious post-marriage. 
Aren’t many female celebrities who marry into wealthy families like that? 
They have to sign all kinds of agreements and clauses before marriage, or else they can’t even step through the door. 
But it seems the situation has reversed with her... 
Also, the agreement he mentioned earlier seemed to only state the consequences if he betrayed her. But what if she betrayed him? 
When Joanna thought of this, she asked, "What if I betray you?" 
"I won’t give you that chance." 
The man looked at her with deep, dark eyes, confidently saying, word by word, "Baby, I’ll do my best to be good to you, to spoil you. I’ll spoil you so much that you won’t be able to live without me. You won’t be interested in any other man besides me." 
After he finished speaking, he stroked Joanna’s soft long hair, whispering softly, "Baby, in this life, you can only be my woman."
###Chapter 230: Chapter 232: Don’t even think about it, I don’t want it!
The man’s eyes were deep, and when he said those words, his gaze was gentle. 
Even if there was a clear sense of possession in his eyes, such a gentle gaze was enough to make one’s heart race. 
Joanna’s heartbeat quickened, and it seemed as if some emotion was pressing at the bottom of her heart, about to burst out: "And, and what about you?" 
"Hmm?" 
She took a deep breath, facing his gaze head-on: "You just said that I can only be your woman, but what about you..." 
Ashton Heath understood her meaning. 
The man’s sexy and alluring thin lips curved into a captivating arc. Pinching her chin gently and lifting it up, his hot and moist breath fell onto her lips: "Baby, both my body and my heart belong to you alone. For the rest of my life." 
* 
After a long and lingering deep kiss, Joanna’s body went limp and collapsed into Ashton Heath’s arms. 
The man’s dark eyes stared at her red and swollen lips from kissing, 
especially in a situation like this. 
The girl’s soft and fragrant body was in his embrace, her tender lips kissed red and swollen, and her eyes were looking at him fuzzily. 
She didn’t even realize that at this moment, she was practically "inviting" him to "commit a crime" against her. 
If it weren’t for her period. 
No matter what, he wouldn’t hold back any longer. 
But Ashton Heath wasn’t a complete beast, after all. 
Even if he desired Joanna so much that it drove him mad, he still desperately suppressed his desires. 
He held the girl in his arms tighter, his chin rubbing gently against the top of her head, and his breath was still somewhat rapid. 
"Baby, how many days until your period is over?" 
The man’s voice was hoarse, and he asked somewhat stuffily. 
A delicious feast was right in front of him, and he could only look but not taste... 
This feeling was too unbearable. 
Joanna’s heartbeat was still rapid, not yet steadying. Her face flushed, she whispered, "Four or five days, I reckon." 
"So long?" The man frowned in dissatisfaction. 
Joanna: "..." 
Was four or five days considered long? 
A lot of people had a whole week to deal with. 
"Fine." After a few seconds, a helpless voice sounded above her head, "I’ll wait another week then. You won’t have any other relatives coming again next time, right?" 
"..." 
What other relatives could she have! 
"Baby..." 
A few seconds later, the man’s deep and hoarse voice seemed to contain restraint, as he suddenly leaned close to her ear and whispered something to her. 
Joanna’s face instantly turned crimson, even her ears turned red. 
Looking scared, her eyes widened, and she pushed him with a mix of embarrassment and anger: "You... you hooligan! Don’t even think about it, I don’t want it!" 
"Baby..." 
Ashton Heath chuckled lowly, looking at her delicate earlobe that was as red as coral. He blew a breath into her ear, his deep voice bewitching and coaxing, "Just this once. Consider it as pampering and pampering your husband, okay?" 
"Do you really want to see me suffer like this?" 
Joanna was held in his arms, with herself sitting on top of him. 
She could feel it entirely. 
Instead, it was as if she had received some sort of stimulus, making her even more afraid. 
She was a bit frightened, biting her lip and weakly called out, "Ashton Heath..."
###Chapter 231: Chapter 233: She Shouldn’t Have Agreed to Him
How could he do this to her? 
She didn’t dare move in his arms. 
"Baby, can you feel it? I’m in so much discomfort right now. Help me..." His voice became huskier, exuding an unspeakably sexy and seductive aura. Just listening to his voice made Joanna’s heart tremble. 
Her face was burning like fire, and she didn’t dare move in his arms. Her eyes were red with urgency: "Can’t you solve it yourself?" 
Shouldn’t men know how to do that sort of thing already? 
He could do it too. 
Why did she have to help him? 
"Wife." He buried his head in her neck and rubbed it gently, even acting coquettish. "I don’t want to solve it myself. Help me." 
The word "wife" made Joanna’s heart race erratically. 
* 
In the end, Joanna couldn’t resist Ashton Heath’s repeated coaxing and pitiful act, and she helped him out in another way. 
After washing her hands, she was still blushing when he carried her out of the bathroom. Her eyes were filled with complaints. 
She shouldn’t have agreed to help! 
Her hand... so sore and achy. 
Moreover, if she hadn’t kept urging him, he wouldn’t have finished so quickly.
If she hadn’t rushed him, her hand would probably be cramping by his normal pace. 
At this moment, Ashton was looking very satisfied. 
Although this method didn’t completely satisfy him, it was much better than holding back. 
At least he didn’t feel as uncomfortable now. 
The satisfied man looked at the resentful little woman in his arms, hooked the corner of his lips in amusement, and gently coaxed: "Baby, is your hand still sore? Want me to massage it for you?" 
Once Joanna thought about the embarrassing scene just now, she felt both shy and annoyed, and didn’t want to pay him any mind. 
He... was so bad! 
He seemed so pure and uninterested usually, but during "that" time, he was like an entirely different person—so passionate that it frightened her. 
Even as she ignored him, Ashton didn’t mind at all. 
In such times, a man’s patience could be incredibly great. 
As he held her and approached the bed, there was a sudden knock at the door. 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna, lunch is ready." 
Mr. Rowan’s voice came from outside the door: "Mr. Jeremy is waiting for you downstairs to have lunch together." 
Ashton stopped, holding Joanna and turning around. 
He lowered his head and looked at her, hooking his lips and asking, "Baby, are you hungry? Shall we go downstairs for lunch now?" 
Joanna was still bothered by what had just happened, she glared at him and replied curtly, "Put me down, I can walk myself. I don’t need you to carry me." 
Jeremy was there too. 
She would be too embarrassed to let him carry her downstairs. 
Otherwise, Jeremy would tease her again. 
The most crucial point was that Joanna didn’t really want to pay attention to him right now. 
Every time she saw him, she couldn’t help but think of what had happened in the bathroom. 
Ashton knew she was still feeling upset about it and didn’t want to anger her further, so he let her down immediately. 
As soon as her feet touched the ground, Joanna quickly walked towards the door. She walked so fast, as if someone was chasing her from behind. 
Without looking back, she fled from the bedroom. 
Watching her frantic, delicate figure, Ashton stood in place, smiling as the depth of his eyes flashed a dark flame. 
Huh, did she think she could get away? 
He was just letting her go for now. 
When the day came that he could touch her again, he would retaliate even more fiercely.
###Chapter 232: Chapter 234: What? You two really broke up?
* 
Joanna’s heart raced as her face reddened, arriving downstairs. 
Upon seeing her, Jeremy was confused, "Sis, why is your face so red? Are you not feeling well somewhere?" 
"No." 
Seeing Jeremy’s eyes full of inquiry and confusion, Joanna inexplicably felt a little guilty. 
As if she had already been seen through. 
Even though she knew Jeremy couldn’t know anything. 
After all, Jeremy hadn’t even been in a single relationship before. 
Yet thinking about that embarrassing incident, her face flushes uncontrollably. 
She feels heat surging in her face. 
"Huh, where’s Ashton?" 
Looking around, Jeremy noticed Ashton Heath hadn’t come downstairs with Joanna. 
"Ahem, Ashton... he’ll be down shortly." 
Mentioning Ashton Heath, Joanna’s eyes flickered twice, her face flushing even more. 
Seeing her reaction, Jeremy’s suspicions grew stronger. 
Frowning at Joanna, he said, "Sis, are you hiding something from me?" 
"No!" 
Joanna’s eyes flicked again, as she avoided his gaze. She quickly sat down across from Jeremy, picked up a fork and randomly picked some food for him, "Jeremy, Ashton has a chef here that cooks delicious food. You try this dish and tell me how it tastes?" 
Jeremy: "..." 
He felt his sister was definitely up to something. 
Ashton hadn’t even come down yet, so why was she already picking up her fork? 
His sister wasn’t usually this casual. 
Such an unusual action seemed like a deliberate attempt to divert attention. 
"Sis, you..." 
Just as Jeremy was about to say something, Joanna’s phone rang. 
Joanna breathed a sigh of relief when she heard the phone ringing and immediately took it out. 
But when she glanced at the name on the screen, her expression changed. 
The phone kept ringing, but Joanna hesitated to answer the call. 
Jeremy noticed something was off and quickly asked, "Who’s calling you, sis?" 
Joanna looked at him and said, "Mrs. Benington." 
Jeremy’s expression changed as well, "Mrs. Benington? Sis, you already broke up with David Benington, why is she calling you?" 
"I haven’t told them about our breakup yet." 
Joanna thought about it and said, "Maybe she’s calling me about it." 
The phone rang a few more times, and Joanna hesitated but picked it up in the end. 
"Hello, Mrs. Benington." 
"Joanna." A middle-aged woman’s voice came, sounding emotionally stirred, "David told me you two broke up, is that true?" 
Joanna was silent for a few seconds before she replied, "Yes, Mrs. Benington, it’s true." 
"What? You really broke up? When did this happen? How come your uncle and I were kept in the dark? Joanna, why did you break up with David? Weren’t you both doing well? Didn’t you both plan on getting married?" 
The middle-aged woman seemed heartbroken, her voice lowering, "Joanna, why did you break up? You’ve known David for so many years now, and I have already considered you as my own daughter. Why did you break up?" 
"Did David do something to hurt you? Tell me, and I’ll fix him." 
"Joanna, if there’s any problem, you can talk about it. Your uncle and I will definitely stand by your side. But breaking up is no small matter, please don’t be rash."
###Chapter 233: Chapter 235: So... Is This Unhappiness?
Joanna Lawrence fell silent again for a few seconds, though it was a bit heartless, she still spoke directly: "Mrs. Benington, I’m not impulsive. I made this decision after serious consideration. There’s no possibility of me getting back together with David." 
She didn’t know that when she said these words, Ashton Heath, who had walked behind her, stopped in his tracks and stood still. 
A while later. 
Joanna’s voice softened: "Mrs. Benington, don’t be sad. Even though David and I have broken up, we can still meet if you miss me." 
"Alright, I got it. I’ll come over." 
A moment later, Joanna hung up the phone. 
With a slight frown, she put away her phone and said to Jeremy: "Jeremy, I need to go to the Benington family’s house now. I had a marriage arrangement held with David, and I should formally tell his parents about our breakup." 
As soon as she said this, the man who stood behind her looked a bit gloomy. 
Seeing this, Jeremy quickly made a sign to her. 
Joanna saw his grimacing expression and frowned again: "Jeremy, are you having a muscle cramp in your eye?" 
Jeremy: "..." 
"Sis, Ashton’s here..." Jeremy reached out a finger, pointing in the direction behind her. 
Only then did Joanna react, turning around to see Ashton Heath standing behind her. 
Not even half a meter away from her.
She glanced at the man’s gloomy face, stunned for a moment, guessing that he must have heard what she’d just said. 
He knew that she was going to the Benington family’s house. 
So... he’s unhappy, now? 
Ashton Heath, as a man, had a strong possessiveness. After she and David broke up, he wanted her to stop having any ties with the Benington family. 
But after all, that was unrealistic. 
She could stop seeing David and stop having any relationship with him, but it was impossible for her to completely cut ties with them and stop having any interaction. 
It was David who betrayed her. 
Collin and Mrs. Benington had done nothing wrong. 
Though she couldn’t forgive David, she didn’t have any complaints about his parents. 
Mrs. Benington had just called her, asking her to come over. 
She wanted to talk to her about canceling the marriage arrangement face to face. 
The marriage arrangement between her and David had been made when they were young, so there should be a formal ceremony for its dissolution, and that’s why she agreed to it. 
"Did you hear everything I’ve just said?" Joanna stared at him for a few seconds, then asked directly. 
Even if Ashton was unhappy, she still had to go to the Benington family’s house. 
She needed to settle the matter of canceling the marriage arrangement once and for all. 
To prevent any unclear entanglements in the future. 
So even though she saw Ashton was unhappy, she still carried on under pressure: "David’s parents didn’t know about our breakup before this. His mom just called me, saying she wants to talk about it with me in person." 
"So, I need to go to the Benington family’s house now." 
The man’s face seemed to darken further, furrowing his brow. After a few seconds of silence, he asked in a deep voice: "Is David home?" 
"He should be, I guess." 
She hadn’t asked Mrs. Benington whether David was home during the call. 
However, she guessed he was. 
It was likely David had just told them about the breakup, so Mrs. Benington immediately called her to verify. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips, and after a moment, he led her by the hand to the dining table; 
"Ashton Heath..." 
Joanna followed him for two steps, then tugged on his arm: "I am going to the Benington family’s house to completely dissolve my marriage arrangement with David. Once this is settled, I’ll come back immediately, so don’t..."
###Chapter 234: Chapter 236: I’ll Take You There
She thought Ashton Heath didn’t want her to go and specially explained it to him. 
"Let’s eat first." 
The man led her to the dining table, and a maid immediately pulled out a chair for her. 
He motioned for her to sit down and took a seat next to her. 
Meeting her puzzled gaze, his slender, well-defined fingers tapped lightly on the white table. The man’s deep, enchanting eyes met hers: "I’ll take you there after dinner." 
Joanna’s face changed slightly: "No need, I’ll go there by myself." 
He was so concerned about David Benington. 
She was afraid they might start fighting if they saw each other. 
Ashton’s eyes darkened as he stared at her for a few seconds, and then the corner of his lips curled up, "Baby, do you think I’d let you go on your own?" 
Joanna: "Uh..." 
She didn’t think he would. 
He definitely wouldn’t feel at ease letting her go alone. 
"There’s no room for negotiation." The man still had a gentle smile on his lips, but his tone was very assertive, "I’ll take you there." 
"Joanna, I’ll go with you too!" 
Sitting opposite them, Jeremy Lawrence overheard their conversation: "Ashton and I will take you there, and we’ll support you. If the Benington family dares to bully you, I’ll beat them up." 
Jeremy waved his fists as he spoke. 
He wasn’t worried about Collin and Mrs. Benington bullying his sister. 
It was that bastard David he was worried about. 
"Mm." 
Ashton picked up his fork and put a little food into Joanna’s bowl, nodding, "You should go with your sister too. We’ll support her." 
"Right!" 
Jeremy clenched his fists, picked up his fork, and put a piece of fish into Joanna’s bowl with a grin, "Joanna, how could Ashton and I possibly let you go alone at this time? If someone bullies you, we won’t have time to help you." 
"Just let Ashton and me accompany you to the Benington family." 
Joanna glanced at the man beside her, then looked up at Jeremy across from her. After hesitating for a few seconds, she nodded somewhat helplessly. 
"Alright." 
From the looks of these two men, even if she disagreed, it’d be useless. 
However, before leaving, she needed to give a heads up. 
After thinking for a moment, she said to Jeremy, "Jeremy, when we get to the Benington family house, you must bear your temper and not act impulsively." 
She wasn’t afraid that Jeremy would hurt the Benington family. 
She was worried that if Jeremy got emotional, his heart disease would relapse. 
After all, he was just discharged from the hospital today. 
Jeremy knew what she was concerned about, so he nodded his head sensibly and promised, "Joanna, don’t worry. I won’t ignore my health." 
* 
At the Benington family house. 
Mrs. Benington hung up the phone, looked up at David Benington standing in front of her with red eyes, and said, "David, why are you and Joanna breaking up? Did you do something wrong to her?" 
"Tell me honestly!" 
David’s handsome face showed a hint of guilt, his eyes flickered, and his expression quickly returned to normal: "Mom, Joanna and I chose to break up peacefully because we have no feelings for each other." 
"You know, feelings can’t be forced. I know you and dad like her and hope that we can get married, but we really don’t have any feelings for each other anymore." 
"No more feelings?" Mrs. Benington’s eyes widened in disbelief and anger, "Not long ago, you two were still talking about getting married, and now you’re telling me you have no more feelings for her? David, I’m your mother, the person who raised you since you were a child. How well can I not understand my own son? Do you think I would believe what you’re saying?"
###Chapter 235: Chapter 237 Annie, isn’t this gift too precious?
"Tell me honestly, what did you do to upset Joanna so much that she broke up with you?" 
In Mrs. Benington’s view, it must have been her son who did something stupid. 
The reason for the breakup couldn’t possibly be Joanna’s fault. 
"Mom, I..." 
As David was about to explain, a maid walked over, bowed to them both, and said, "Madam, Mr. Ashton, Miss Annie Lawrence is here." 
Mrs. Benington frowned slightly: "Miss Annie Lawrence? What is she doing here?" 
Mrs. Benington didn’t really like Annie Lawrence. 
Of course, she didn’t hate her either. 
But compared to Joanna, Annie’s treatment in her eyes was quite ordinary. 
If Joanna came to the Benington family, she would definitely be very happy. 
David’s face changed slightly, he looked up at the maid and said calmly, "Let her in." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
The maid turned and left, and in just a few minutes, she brought Annie Lawrence in from outside. 
Annie was wearing a black dress and had her face covered with delicate makeup. She held a bouquet of flowers in one hand and a luxury brand bag in the other. 
She walked over to Mrs. Benington with a sweet smile on her face. 
"Madam White, David told me that your birthday is coming in a few days, and I won’t be able to come back to celebrate with you because of my film shooting. So, I brought you a present in advance, and I hope you’ll like it." 
As she spoke, she handed the bag to Mrs. Benington. 
She then handed the flowers to the maid nearby and smiled, "I also bought your favorite lilies. These are a new variety airlifted from abroad, much prettier than ordinary lilies. Do you like them?" 
Mrs. Benington was stunned for a few seconds. 
As the saying goes, you don’t slap a smiling face. 
Moreover, Mrs. Benington didn’t have any prejudice against Annie. She couldn’t say she liked or disliked her. 
She hesitated, then took the bag and said with a smile, "Annie, you’re being too polite. Our Benington and Lawrence families have been friends for generations, there’s no need to be so formal." 
Annie Lawrence smiled, "Madam White, I don’t know what you like, so I picked a gift based on my own guesses. Why don’t you take a look and see if you like it?" 
David chimed in, "Yes, Mom, Annie put a lot of effort into picking out this gift for you. See if you like it?" 
The two of them were echoing each other. 
Although they were speaking very ordinary words, Mrs. Benington detected an unusual sense of intimacy from their conversation. 
She looked at them suspiciously for a moment but didn’t think too much about it. 
She pulled a sandalwood box out of the bag, and when she opened it, she saw a jade bracelet with exceptionally good color inside. 
Mrs. Benington knew a little about jade, and at a glance, she could tell that the bracelet was worth several million dollars. 
Surprise flashed in her eyes, and after slowly closing the box, she looked up at Annie Lawrence, "Annie, this gift is too valuable."
The Lawrence family’s financial situation wasn’t as good as before. 
Even though Annie Lawrence was a star and could make money, a multimillion-dollar bracelet surprised Mrs. Benington. 
After all, she and the Lawrence family’s second daughter, Regina, had always had a very ordinary relationship. 
Why would she give her such an expensive gift? 
"As long as you like it, Madam White," Annie said, looking well-behaved and sensible. "Besides, for someone as noble as you, the jewelry you wear must be of higher quality. Otherwise, how could it be worthy of your status?"
###Chapter 236: Chapter 238: So, you don’t actually want to break up with her?
She gave such an expensive gift and even bought her favorite lilies. 
At a glance, it’s clear she put thought into it. 
Combined with her sweet words, even if Mrs. Benington couldn’t instantly like her, she couldn’t help but have a bit of a favorable impression of her. 
Her attitude toward Annie Lawrence has improved a lot compared to just now, and she said with a smile, "You really went all out, child. Don’t just stand there; sit down quickly. You guys hurry and get some tea for Ms. Joanna." 
Annie’s lips curled up slightly, and a hint of triumph flashed in her eyes. 
She went and sat down opposite Mrs. Benington, and said politely, "Thank you, Madam White." 
Only after Joanna sat down, did David Benington choose a spot next to her and sit down as well. 
These two seats were very close together. 
Although they were separate seats, it looked like they were sitting side by side on the same sofa. 
Mrs. Benington watched this scene, and that strange feeling surfaced again. 
There were clearly other seats available nearby. 
Was the seat that David Benington chose too close to Annie Lawrence? 
After Annie sat down, she turned her head and gestured with her eyes for David to hurry up and tell Mrs. Benington about their situation. 
She came to the Benington family this time to make their relationship with David Benington public. 
David Benington received her gaze, hesitated for a moment, and tentatively said, "Mom, even though Joanna and I have broken up, our marriage contract was set up since we were young. If we just break off our two families’ arranged marriage like this, won’t it seem like we’re breaking our word?" 
With mention of this matter, the smile on Mrs. Benington’s face faded quite a bit. 
She glared at David Benington, "You still care about these things?" 
David Benington chuckled awkwardly, "Joanna was the one who initiated the breakup. She insisted on breaking up with me, so what else could I do?" 
Hearing him so helpless, Mrs. Benington was overjoyed and sensed hope once more. She immediately asked, "So you didn’t want to break up with her?" 
David Benington opened his mouth, "I ..." 
Indeed, he hesitated. 
For a moment, he felt that he didn’t really want to break up with Joanna. 
If Annie Hawkins hadn’t suddenly become pregnant. 
If Joanna Lawrence hadn’t found out about him and Annie being together, he wouldn’t have broken up with her, right? 
From the beginning, he never intended to really be with Annie. 
The wife he wanted all along had always been Joanna. 
He had genuinely liked Joanna. 
The first time he felt his heart race and his purest feelings during his adolescent years had all come from Joanna. 
He was with Annie because he wanted more excitement. 
Joanna was too conservative; they had been together for so long, and she was still unwilling to give her body to him. 
He was a normal man. 
After being rejected many times, his desires had no outlet, and that’s when Annie appeared. 
Thus, it was only natural for their relationship to progress from then on.
Annie wasn’t as pretty as Joanna, and her figure not as good, but she knew how to serve him well in bed. 
She filled the void, providing him the stimulation and pleasure that Joanna couldn’t give. 
His heart was filled with Joanna, but he was also addicted to Annie’s body. 
His original plan had been to marry Joanna and have Annie be his lover. 
Who would have thought that Annie would suddenly become pregnant? 
At this thought, David Benington furrowed his brows. 
His silence nearly made Annie burst with anger. 
"Cough, cough, cough." 
Annie covered her lips as she coughed violently, and kicked David under the coffee table.
###Chapter 237: Chapter 239 Mom, don’t speak so harshly
It was at that moment David came back to his senses. 
Looking up into Annie’s almost fiery eyes, he quickly tried to remedy the situation, "Mom, that’s not what I meant. I meant that even though I’ve broken up with her, our two families’ engagement could still continue." 
Mrs. Benington looked puzzled, "How could it continue?" 
David hesitated a while longer, then resolved to say, "When the engagement was set, it was agreed that if the Lawrence family had a daughter, I would marry that daughter. Mom, Annie is also the Lawrence family’s daughter." 
Mrs. Benington was dumbfounded. 
After a few seconds, she opened her eyes wide in shock. 
Unable to believe what she was hearing, she stood up, pointed at David and Annie, her voice trembling, "You, you guys..." 
Now that everything was out in the open, David no longer concealed his relationship with Annie. 
He too stood up, holding Annie’s hand, "Mom, Annie and I are together now." 
Annie pursed her lips, leaning towards David in a tender and affectionate manner, "Madam White, David and I sincerely love each other; please accept us." 
Just as Annie’s words fell, she saw a coffee cup flying towards her. 
Her face changed abruptly, and she quickly retreated into David’s arms, exclaiming in shock, "David!"’ 
David saw the flying coffee cup too. 
He held Annie tightly, quickly dodging to the side, avoiding it. 
With a "snap". 
The blue and white porcelain cup smashed onto the floor, shattering into pieces. 
The piping hot coffee splashed out, landing on Annie’s calf. 
"In your dreams!" 
Mrs. Benington was furious, her whole body trembling, even her eyes were red, "You shameless woman. Joanna is your biological sister, and yet you dare to steal her man! How could you be so disgusting!" 
"So, you’re the reason Joanna and David broke up." 
"Why did you have to seduce my son out of everyone? They were about to get married! Doesn’t your conscience bother you doing this?" 
Mrs. Benington never expected that the reason Joanna and David had broken up was because of this. 
Her son actually ended up with the Lawrence family’s second daughter. 
Mrs. Benington felt as if her face had been slapped, a burning sensation. 
Originally, she had wanted to find a way for David and Joanna to get back together. 
She really liked Joanna and wanted her to marry into the Benington family as her daughter-in-law.
But now... 
Discovering the truth, Mrs. Benington knew very well that a reconciliation was impossible. 
She understood Joanna. 
That girl seemed soft and gentle, speaking softly and gently, as if she had a good temper and was easygoing. 
But in fact, her character was not as soft as it seemed on the surface. 
When it came to matters of principle, she would not back down. 
At this moment, Mrs. Benington was torn between regret, disappointment, and anger. 
She never thought that her son, whom she had always been proud of, would do something so unforgivable! 
Cheating was already bad enough, but to cheat with another Lawrence daughter! 
Annie, leaning against David’s chest, turned pale from Mrs. Benington’s scolding. 
She clenched her teeth, a dark cloud of resentment covering her face, but as she raised her head, she quickly put on another face, looking pitiful and helpless, calling out, "David!" 
David lowered his head, seeing her in such a pitiful state; a sense of pity welled up inside him. 
He tightened his arm around her waist, protecting her in his embrace, "Mom, don’t use such offensive words."
###Chapter 238: Chapter 240: She’s Pregnant with the Benington Family’s Child
No matter what, Joanna and I have already broken up, and we can’t possibly reconcile. Annie has made many sacrifices for me, and I will take responsibility for her and marry her." 
"What did you say?!" Mrs. Benington couldn’t believe what she just heard. 
David took a deep breath and said, "I said I would be responsible for Annie." 
"You bastard, how could I have given birth to such a bastard son!" 
Mrs. Benington couldn’t hold back her anger, rushed forward, and slapped David on the face, "Joanna is such a good girl, and you don’t know how to cherish her. You actually did something so outrageous to hurt her. Today, I must teach you a lesson and let you know what is right and what is wrong!" 
As she said this, she raised her hand again. 
"Madam White, don’t hit David!" 
Annie Lawrence cried and grabbed Mrs. Benington’s hand, broke free from David’s arms, stood in front of him, and cried, "David did nothing wrong, it was me who deliberately seduced him. I was the shameless one, the one without conscience, the one who couldn’t control my heart and fell in love with him." 
"He’s a normal man, he just couldn’t resist the proactive temptation of a woman." 
"I’m the one who forced him to break up with Joanna, all these things were done by me alone. If you want to hit someone, hit me, and don’t hit David anymore." 
Mrs. Benington was at the peak of her anger. 
Listening to Annie’s words and her sudden intervention, her anger grew, and her hands and feet were trembling. 
"Alright, you siren!" 
She pinched Annie’s wrist and raised her hand to hit her in the face, "You shameless woman, give me back my daughter-in-law. You seduced your own sister’s man, causing me to lose such a good daughter-in-law as Joanna. Give her back to me, give her back!" 
"Mom, you can’t hit Annie." 
David’s face changed, he hurriedly stepped forward to stop his mother just before her slap landed on Annie. 
"Get out of my way, and let me kill that shameless siren!" 
The more David tried to stop her, the angrier Mrs. Benington became, and she tried to push him aside. 
David stood firm in front of Annie, not allowing his mother to hurt her even a little. 
"Mom." 
He pursed his lips tightly in restraint, and after a few seconds of silence, he said to the still-emotional Mrs. Benington, "Annie is pregnant. She is carrying our Benington family’s child; you can’t hurt her." 
"What? What did you say?!" Mrs. Benington froze, her eyes filled with astonishment. 
David closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and repeated what he had just said, "Annie is pregnant, and there’s your grandchild in her belly." 
"She’s carrying my grandchild?"
This sentence was like a bomb thrown into a lake, completely stunning Mrs. Benington. 
"Madam White, the baby is just two months old. I went for a checkup a few days ago, and it’s a very healthy baby." Seeing the astonishment on Mrs. Benington’s face, Annie slowly emerged from behind David. 
A trace of triumph flashed in her eyes, but her face showed a gentle and submissive expression, biting her lip as she choked, "Because of this baby, David and I decided to get married early. Madam White, you also don’t want your future grandchild to be born without a complete family." 
"Madam White, I really love David. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have gotten pregnant with his child during the prime of my career. Having this baby has a significant impact on my career as well. So, I hope you can fulfill our wish." 
David put his arm around Annie and pulled her close. Thinking of how she had just taken all the blame on herself to protect him, he couldn’t help but feel moved.
###Chapter 239: Chapter 241: Your heart, don’t waver again
Feeling even more sorry for her. 
He lowered his head to look at the woman in his arms, his voice firm, "Mom, Annie is carrying my child, so I must marry her." 
* 
The black Rolls-Royce stopped outside the entrance to Benington Villa. 
After the car came to a halt, Joanna Lawrence reached out to unbuckle her seatbelt. 
She glanced at the man beside her, hesitated for a moment, and said, "Why don’t you and Jeremy wait in the car for me? I’ll try to get everything sorted out as quickly as possible. If anything unexpected happens, I’ll give you a call." 
Her main purpose for coming today was to resolve the issue of canceling her engagement with David Benington. 
She didn’t come to show off. 
If she were to take Ashton Heath and Jeremy Lawrence with her to the Benington family now, they might think she cheated on David with another man first. 
At that moment, she would be the one who made a mistake. 
She didn’t want that to happen. 
Ashton Heath, who could handle the complicated matters in the business world, naturally had a better cognitive ability than most people. 
He also took those situations that Joanna considered into account. 
After a few seconds of pondering, he nodded and said, "Alright." 
Joanna picked up the bag next to her, reached out to open the car door with one hand, and prepared to get out. 
"Wait a moment." 
Behind her, a deep and magnetic male voice sounded softly. 
She turned her head, "Anything else?" 
Ashton Heath lifted the corner of his thin lips and leaned in, reaching out to touch her soft shoulder-length hair, his voice low and tender, "You must promise me one thing before I let you leave." 
Joanna blinked, puzzled, "What is it?" 
Ashton Heath’s eyes, deep and focused on her, paused for a long time before finally saying solemnly, "No matter how nice David’s parents are to you, and no matter what they say to you, you must not be swayed. Joanna, you are already married to me, my wife. Your heart mustn’t waver." 
"And I won’t allow anything like that to happen." 
"..." 
Joanna quickly understood. 
So, he was afraid that she would soften her heart after hearing David’s parents and then reconcile with David? 
She felt that he was completely overthinking it. 
Even if they hadn’t got married, she could never get back together with David again. 
How could she possibly accept a man who had cheated on her with her own sister? 
Even if David kneeled and begged for her forgiveness, she would never accept him. 
She did have some feelings for Mr. and Mrs. Benington, but that had nothing to do with whether she would forgive David or not. 
Moreover, she now had such an outstanding and remarkable husband; she had no interest in getting back together with her ex at all. 
However, thinking that this man cared so much about her that he would worry so much and even lose his confidence, Joanna couldn’t help but feel a sweet taste in her heart. 
The corner of her lips lifted slightly, and without considering if Jeremy would laugh at her later, she reached out to wrap her arms around Ashton’s neck, lifted her head, and kissed his sexy, soft thin lips. 
The kiss lasted only a second. 
She kissed him quickly, and before he could react, she quickly retreated. 
"Hmm, I promise you. I’ll make a clean break with David." 
Finishing her sentence, and taking advantage of Ashton’s still stunned state, Joanna opened the car door and jumped down. 
"Bang." 
The sound of the car door closing, mixed with the sound of her racing heartbeat, echoed in her ears. 
Her face was burning like fire. 
It felt like every single pore on her face was emitting heat.
###Chapter 240: Chapter 242: The Meanings are Very Different
Her heart was still pounding fiercely, every violent tremor shaking her entire chest. 
The intense frequency and force were as if her chest was about to shatter. 
She quickly reached out to cover her chest, her face growing even hotter as she thought of the light kiss that had just graced her lips. 
It was the first time she had taken the initiative to kiss a man. 
She had never done anything so bold before. 
In her previous relationship with David Benington, it had always been David who took the initiative. 
She didn’t know what had gotten into her just now, but she suddenly wanted to do it. 
Now recalling it, she felt incredibly shy. 
Her courageous moment and impulsive action had only lasted an instant. 
If she were to go back to that moment in time, she doubted she would have the courage to take the initiative in kissing Ashton Heath again. 
* 
Outside the car, Joanna Lawrence’s face flushed with excitement, her heart pounding like a little deer on the loose. 
Inside the car, the person who had just been kissed remained dazed. 
Ashton Heath still maintained the position and expression he had when Joanna kissed him, completely motionless. 
It was nothing more than a light touch that couldn’t even be considered ticklish, and to be precise, that so-called "kiss" could hardly be defined as a proper kiss. 
It was just their lips touching for a brief moment, and then it was over. 
But such a so-called "kiss" managed to stun Ashton for quite a while. 
He was like a naive young boy who had never seen the world, unable to snap out of it for a long time. 
In his mind, the scene of Joanna kissing him played over and over again. 
She was naturally a shy and timid woman. 
To have made such a move must have taken great courage on her part. 
This was the first time Joanna had initiated a kiss with him. 
For Ashton, this kiss held a very different meaning. 
It wasn’t until a full minute had passed that he finally turned his head, curved his lips, and cast a deep, mysterious glance outside the window. 
His long, jade-like fingers touched his lips, caressing the spot that had just been kissed, his eyes brimming with a joyful, shallow smile. 
Jeremy Lawrence, sitting in the front-seat passenger’s seat, saw the whole scene in the rearview mirror and was so surprised his mouth dropped open. He couldn’t help but doubt if that person was really his sister. 
When had Joanna become so passionate and forward? 
Initiating a kiss like that was something she hadn’t even done to David, right? 
Despite this, the thought left Jeremy feeling relieved. 
It seemed that his sister had finally come to her senses. 
She was learning to be proactive towards the man she liked. 
Yes, this was a good thing. 
Women taking the initiative occasionally is something men enjoy. 
Just look at the radiant smile on Ashton’s face; it was obvious he was pleased. 
"Ashton." 
Jeremy also turned his head to look outside the window. Seeing Joanna enter the Benington Mansion, he asked with concern, "Shouldn’t we go in with Joanna?" 
"No, let’s just wait in the car." 
Ashton’s deep, cold voice carried a hint of amusement due to the kiss, "Once your sister takes care of this matter, I’ll take you to check out some cars. If you see one you like, just let me know, and I’ll give it to you." 
"But don’t tell your sister about this; she doesn’t really approve of me giving you a car." 
At first, Jeremy thought Ashton’s offer to give him a car was merely a social nicety and not a genuine gift. 
But now that he realized Ashton really meant to give him a car, he couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed with excitement, "Ashton, you... you really want to give me a car?"
###Chapter 241: Chapter 243: How is He Going to Explain to His Wife
Ashton Heath laughed, "Do I look like I’m joking?"
"Ashton, you’re so kind!" Jeremy Lawrence was moved again, showing no stinginess in flattering his generous brother-in-law, "No wonder Joanna married you. It’s hard to find such a good man. My sister is really lucky to have such a wonderful husband like you." 
Ashton accepted the flattery graciously. 
He thought his brother-in-law was understanding and very smooth-tongued. 
However, giving just a car seemed like it wasn’t quite enough. 
He pondered for a moment before asking, "Apart from a car, is there anything else you want?" 
Jeremy Lawrence was taken aback, an idea flashed through his mind, which stirred up his excitement:"Ashton, are you someone with very high status? The kind of person who can do things that ordinary people can’t?" 
Before Ashton could say anything, Zack, who was sitting in the driver’s seat, laughed out loud, answering on his behalf, "Mr. Jeremy, Mr. Ashton is indeed a very capable person. If you have something in mind, feel free to tell him. I’m sure he can help you." 
He was no braggart. 
The influence of the Heath family in Australand was supreme. 
If something couldn’t be done even by someone from the Heath family, it’s less likely anyone else could do it. 
Zack could tell that Ashton valued Jeremy Lawrence greatly, which was why he took the initiative to promise on his behalf. 
Sure enough, after his answer, Ashton showed no signs of displeasure, instead he nodded and echoed, "Zack’s right, if there’s anything you need to do, you can tell me." 
The corners of Jeremy Lawrence’s eyes lit up, "Ashton, I don’t really need anything. But, I want to meet someone." 
"Who do you want to meet?" 
"Neil Cowley, the captain of the E&G Team. He’s my idol, I’ve always wanted to meet him. If I can’t meet him, it’s okay. I’d be glad even just to have an autographed photo of him. Ashton, could you get me his autograph?" 
Jeremy Lawrence was trying to be more realistic. 
He knew his brother-in-law was very capable, so this probably wouldn’t be a difficult task for him. 
However, Neil Cowley was a bit quirky. 
Even if his brother-in-law was remarkable, it wasn’t guaranteed that Neil Cowley would agree to meet him. 
That’s why Jeremy Lawrence felt that it would be more than enough just to have an autograph of his idol. 
"Neil Cowley?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "the E&G Team you mentioned, are they a gaming team?" 
"Yes! Ashton, you know about E&G Team too?" Jeremy Lawrence was a bit surprised. 
"I’ve heard a little. Meeting Neil Cowley isn’t a difficult thing. You just choose a date, I’ll arrange a meeting for you." 
Jeremy Lawrence was shocked, "Ashton, you can arrange for me to meet Neil Cowley?" 
Ashton Heath smirks, "Mhm." 
"Really? Really? Can you really arrange for me to meet Neil Cowley?" Jeremy Lawrence was so excited that he was practically talking nonsense. His face, which was still a bit pale from his recent discharge from the hospital, was now flushed. His dark pupils sparkled, his eyes seemed to be glowing. 
"Of course it’s real." 
Ashton Heath considered, if he told Jeremy Lawrence that the E&G Team was actually signed to a gaming company under the Heath Group, would Jeremy Lawrence faint from excitement? 
After thinking about it, he dispelled the idea. 
His brother-in-law has a heart condition. 
Having just been discharged from the hospital, it’d be best not to give him too much excitement. 
If anything were to happen, how would he explain it to his wife? 
Drowning in the immense joy of soon being able to meet his idol, Jeremy Lawrence got even more sweet-talking: "Wow, Ashton, you’re too good."
###Chapter 242: Chapter 244: I gave birth to a good-for-nothing son and let you down
Besides my sister, you’re the second person I like the most in this world. Ashton, thank you!" 
Zack: "..." 
Ms. Joanna’s brother sure knows how to flatter people. 
Look at how happy he made Mr. Ashton. 
Zack suddenly realized that the smiles Ashton showed after getting married were more than the smiles he showed in the past ten years. 
It was challenging to see Ashton smile once in a year in the past. 
Even though Ms. Joanna’s family background was weaker than the Heath’s, she could make Ashton happy, which seemed enough to overshadow any potential drawbacks of their match. 
As long as Ashton is happy, that’s all that matters. 
However, this was just his personal opinion. 
For Lady Octavia, who cares about family status, she might not be satisfied with Ms. Joanna’s family background. 
* 
An aunt from the Benington family came to meet Joanna Lawrence. 
Like Mrs. Benington, this aunt also loved Joanna Lawrence and had long considered her as the young lady of the Benington family. 
When she found out about Joanna’s breakup with David, she thought it was such a pity. 
"Ms. Joanna, is it true that you broke up with Mr. David?" her tone was full of disappointment and regret, "You two have known each other for so many years and have always had a good relationship. Why did you suddenly break up?" 
Joanna didn’t explain much, only saying lightly, "We weren’t suitable, so we broke up. Sandy, is David at home?" 
"Mr. David is here." 
As soon as Sandy finished speaking, she seemed to suddenly remember something and added, "By the way, Ms. Joanna, your sister is here too." 
Sandy didn’t know what happened in the Living Room yet. 
She found Annie’s sudden visit a bit strange. 
Miss Annie Lawrence rarely came to the Benington family alone, and she didn’t know what she was here for this time. 
Upon hearing that Annie was here too, Joanna hesitated for a moment. 
"Annie is here?" She couldn’t help frowning. 
Sandy nodded, "Yes. She’s in the Living Room with Mr. David and Lady Octavia right now. Just now, something happened, and Lady Octavia broke a cup in anger. I heard that Miss Annie was even scared to tears." 
"It’s rare to see Lady Octavia angry like this. Her temper has always been good. I wonder who upset her." 
Joanna pursed her lips and remained silent. 
She guessed that Mrs. Benington must have found out about David and Annie’s affair, which is why she was so angry. 
Although Mrs. Benington loved David, she was not someone who couldn’t tell right from wrong. 
If she knew David cheated on Joanna, she would definitely be furious. 
* 
In the Living Room, 
Joanna immediately saw David and Annie, a pair of scumbags, as soon as she arrived. 
They were glued to each other like conjoined twins. 
Annie seemed to be crying, with red eyes, while David gently wiped her tears with a handkerchief, looking like a tender and considerate good man. This sight made Joanna feel nauseous. 
On the other side, Mrs. Benington’s face was cold, and her eyes were still filled with anger, looking terrible. 
"Lady Octavia, Mr. David, Ms. Joanna is here," Sandy reminded them. 
Upon seeing Joanna, Mrs. Benington’s eyes brightened up and then filled with tears. 
"Joanna," 
She got up and walked towards Joanna. When she reached her, she hugged her tightly and began to cry, "It’s our Benington family who wronged you. I gave birth to a bastard son who let you down." 
Joanna was taken aback, but seeing Mrs. Benington crying so sadly, she couldn’t help but gently pat her back, "Mrs. Benington, don’t cry, I don’t blame you."
###Chapter 243: Chapter 245: The More He Thought About It, The More He Regretted It
"I know you won’t blame me." Mrs. Benington’s tears couldn’t stop, and she cried bitterly, "It’s just that our David has done something so wrong to you. I’m so ashamed." 
Mrs. Benington was so upset not only because of David’s infidelity but also because she knew that after such an incident, she could no longer expect Joanna to be her daughter-in-law for the rest of her life. 
Her fondness for Joanna is now replaced with sorrow. 
The moment Joanna walked into the hall, David noticed her. 
Then, his eyes were glued to her, unable to look away. 
Having not seen her for a while, Joanna had become more beautiful. 
In the past, she didn’t like to dress up, and her attire was always simple and plain, but her face was undeniably pretty. 
Now she knows how to dress up, and she is even more gorgeous than before. 
She is wearing a black long dress today, which highlights her already fair skin, making it shine like snow. 
The dress’s style is simple but very elegant. 
Compared to the past, she has more charm as a woman. 
Her makeup is also very light, almost without makeup, yet she is several times more beautiful than Annie Lawrence, who has exquisite makeup. 
If there were no comparison, Annie’s appearance would be considered an eye-catching beauty. 
But compared to Joanna, who is as white as snow, she instantly falls back into the realm of ordinary people. 
The former is a noble and elegant white swan, while the latter is at most a wild duck with a slightly prettier plumage. 
But no matter how beautiful, it’s still a wild duck. 
It cannot compare to the naturally noble white swan. 
Looking at Joanna’s increasingly beautiful face, David suddenly felt a bit regretful. 
He suddenly thought that he shouldn’t have broken up with her. 
The person he had always liked was her. 
The wife he had always wanted was her too. 
Annie was just his bed partner, he never thought of marrying her. 
But now, why has it become like this? 
When he was with Joanna, David didn’t think she was that good. 
Now that they have separated, and he knows that there are other men around her, David’s heart begins to itch. 
The more he thinks about it, the more regretful he feels. 
In what aspect does Joanna not surpass Annie, except in her slightly better career? 
Moreover, although he liked her abilities in bed, a woman who is too flirtatious always makes him feel uneasy. 
Who knows how she developed those skills in bed.
Compared to Annie, conservative Joanna is more reassuring. 
Once his heart started to regret and compared Annie with Joanna, he felt that Joanna was good everywhere, and Annie was not as good as he thought. 
David’s gaze was too intense and focused. 
As soon as Annie looked up, she saw him staring at Joanna, not even blinking. 
He looked so fascinated, and his eyes showed obsession. 
This scene made Annie furious, grinding her teeth in anger. 
Joanna, that little bitch, a siren! 
As soon as she showed up, she completely captivated David. His eyes seemed glued to her, never turning away. 
Why is she so good at seducing men? 
Did she intentionally dress up like this today because she knew David was at home, with the purpose of seducing him? 
Otherwise, why would she dress like this when she was coming over to discuss the annulment of the engagement? 
"David, Joanna’s current man is quite nice to her, huh? The dress she’s wearing costs hundreds of thousands of dollars."
###Chapter 244: Chapter 246: Have You Seen That Man?
Joanna never wore such expensive dresses before. Now that she’s with a rich guy, things have really changed." Seeing the way David looked at Joanna made Annie feel a hint of danger. 
Even after meeting that mysterious and prominent man, she wasn’t as keen on David. However, she still needed to secure David’s side before successfully hooking up with the other man. 
Just in case. 
What’s more, securing David meant that she could still marry into the Benington family and become Ms. Joanna.
Annie was well aware of this. 
She wouldn’t let herself face the terrible outcome of having nothing to show for her efforts on both fronts. 
Moreover, her pride couldn’t bear seeing her subordinate look at another woman with such infatuated eyes. 
And that woman happened to be David’s ex-girlfriend! 
Annie’s casual remark successfully made David’s face change in an instant. 
The man withdrew his infatuated gaze and turned to face her with a sullen expression, "Are you saying that the dress she’s wearing was bought by that man?" 
Annie blinked innocently, "I can’t be sure. But that dress costs hundreds of thousands of dollars, and Joanna wouldn’t be able to afford one herself. Plus, the shoes she’s wearing also cost hundreds of thousands of dollars a pair. David, when she was with you, she never wore such expensive clothes and shoes." 
"That man does seem to be quite generous with her. It looks like he really likes Joanna." 
David’s face darkened even more. 
He recalled their meeting at the Luxe Lounge. 
The man whom he thought was a greasy older man, a nouveau riche, turned out to be a strikingly handsome young man with an extraordinary demeanor. 
He had always been confident that after breaking up with him, Joanna would eventually regret it and come crying back to him, begging for a reunion. 
That’s because she couldn’t possibly find a better man than him. 
Yes, she was beautiful, but the Lawrence family was no longer prosperous. She had neither a promising career nor the means to attract an affluent offspring for marriage. At most, she would be just a plaything for the rich. 
It was nearly impossible for her to find a suitable marriage partner that was on par with him. 
But that man... 
David’s confidence waned considerably when he thought of him. 
It was hard for any woman not to be moved by a man like that. 
Would Joanna fall in love with him? 
Would she change her heart? 
At this thought, David felt a wave of panic. 
This panic felt like something that should have always belonged to him was suddenly being taken away by someone else. 
Even if he had already discarded it, he didn’t want anyone else to pick it up. 
"At first, I thought the man was much older, but then I saw him again and realized he was quite young. You know, he’s not bad looking, and he’s so generous to Joanna... Do you think she might fall in love with him?" 
With each sentence, David’s face grew uglier. 
By the time she finished, his face had gone completely dark. 
David seemed unable to contain his anger, clenching his fists tightly, "You’ve met that man?" 
"Yeah," Annie’s tone was casual as if it was no big deal, "He looks like an affluent offspring. When Joanna caused trouble at home last time, he even came to back her up. It’s all because of him that she’s so arrogant, even hitting both me and Mom." 
Recalling the incident, a touch of resentment seeped into Annie’s voice.
###Chapter 245: Chapter 247 He’s Afraid Joanna Lawrence Will Change Her Mind
Before, when she and Rose Liall were attacked, she called David Benington, who didn’t seem to take it seriously. 
He didn’t come to the Lawrence residence until the next day. 
When he saw her, he offered only noncommittal words of comfort and bought her some gifts to appease her. 
Even though he was generous in his choice of gifts, choosing only high-end items, Annie Lawrence wasn’t pacified. 
Instead of those gifts, she preferred him to be like that mysterious man, rushing to her side to support her when she needed it the most. 
"I observed that man and he seems to really value Joanna. She must be satisfied with him, right? She previously asked for your help in finding a suitable partner, but it appears she no longer needs that help. With a man of such fine stature, how could Joanna be interested in Manager Prowse?" 
Hearing this, David Benington was choked up. 
He would rather see Joanna Lawrence with Manager Prowse than with that man. 
The former was something he could control. He knew Joanna would never fall in love with Prowse. 
But in the case of the latter... 
He was not certain. 
He was afraid that Joanna would change her heart, afraid that her heart no longer had a place for him. 
On the other side. 
Joanna Lawrence consoled Mrs. Benington for a while. Once she felt Mrs. Benington was stable, she eased herself out of her embrace. 
"Madam White, now you know everything. I came here to tell you that David and I have annulled our engagement. I have no relationship with him anymore." 
Joanna didn’t want to stay over at the Benington’s tonight. 
Jeremy Lawrence and Ashton Heath were still waiting for her outside. 
Besides, with David and Annie—this despicable man and vile woman—around, she just wanted to leave as soon as possible. 
Mrs. Benington understood the gravity of her son’s unforgivable mistake. Even if it was hard, she didn’t try to reconcile the situation. 
Her eyes red and still full of sorrow, she held Joanna’s hand and said tearfully, "It’s just that David was not lucky enough to be with you. If you want to dissolve the engagement, we, as his parents, have no ions. Joanna, if I miss you in the future, can I see you again?" 
Looking into Mrs. Benington’s eyes filled with longing, Joanna also felt a tinge of sadness. 
She liked Mrs. Benington. 
No matter how terrible David had behaved, Mrs. Benington had always treated her well. 
However, since she and David had already broken up, she had to keep her distance from the Benington family. 
Otherwise, a certain jealous man would be unable to stand it. 
She fell silent, took Mrs. Benington’s hand, and offered a slight smile, "If you miss me in the future, we could arrange to meet somewhere." 
Mrs. Benington also fell silent. 
She implied that Joanna would probably not visit the Benington’s in the future. 
If they were to meet, it would be elsewhere. 
Despite feeling regret and loss, Mrs. Benington understood Joanna’s decision. 
"Madam White, I’ve said all I had to say. I have some things to take care of, so I won’t stay any longer. If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave." 
Mrs. Benington didn’t try to keep her, even though she didn’t want her to leave, she nodded reluctantly and said tearfully, "Since you have other matters to attend to, I won’t keep you. I’ll ask Knox to take you home." 
"No need," Joanna shook her head, "I came with a friend, I’ll go back with him." 
"Alright then, may I at least walk you out?" 
Wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes, Mrs. Benington took her hand, ready to walk her to the door.
###Chapter 246: Chapter 248: Did I Do Something Wrong?
Joanna Lawrence didn’t want to refuse further, so she nodded and turned around to walk out with Mrs. Benington. 
Behind them. 
Annie Lawrence watched this scene, her mouth twisted in anger. 
What was so good about Joanna Lawrence, that little slut? 
Why did Mrs. Benington like her so much? 
Seeing Mrs. Benington’s attitude towards Joanna, and then comparing it to her own treatment, Annie felt a surge of anger stuck in her heart, boiling in her throat. 
She had already mentioned her pregnancy. 
She originally thought that since she was carrying the Benington family’s bloodline, Mrs. Benington would definitely compromise. 
However, that damn old woman still disagreed with her marrying David Benington and said she only acknowledged Joanna as her daughter-in-law. 
"David, did I do something wrong?" 
Annie clenched her fingers, lowered her eyelashes, quickly covering the gloom in her eyes, and when she looked up again, she was back to her vulnerable and lovely appearance. 
Seeing that Joanna was about to leave, David felt a little anxious in his heart. 
He glanced down at Annie perfunctorily: "What did you do wrong?" 
Annie bit her lip, her eyes gathering a mist: "Madam White really likes Joanna; she only wants her to be her daughter-in-law. Should I not have intervened in your relationship with Joanna? If it wasn’t for me, you and Joanna would be getting married soon." 
"Only if you marry her will Madam White be satisfied." 
"Don’t overthink it, Mom just can’t accept our relationship for now. You’re carrying her grandchild, and she’ll accept you sooner or later." 
Joanna was getting farther and farther away, almost walking out of the hall. 
David could no longer hold back, and he stood up abruptly. 
"David, you..." Annie looked at him in surprise. 
"You wait here for me; I’ll go out and have a look." 
Without any explanation, David left this sentence behind and went after Joanna. 
Annie sat on the sofa, stunned for a few seconds, and when she realized that David had gone to find Joanna, her face turned extremely ugly. 
* 
"Joanna, rest assured, I will not agree to David being with your sister." 
Mrs. Benington took Joanna to the front door, looking at her with reluctance, unwilling to let go of her hand. 
Her eyes were full of regret, and with a tearful voice, she said, "My good-for-nothing son, I really want to knock on his head and see what’s in his brain. Why didn’t he realize how good you are..." 
"Madam White, don’t be sad." Looking at Mrs. Benington like this, Joanna didn’t know what to say. 
Speaking, she turned her head and looked towards the entrance, seeing the black Rolls-Royce parked under a sycamore tree across the street. 
Thinking of the two men waiting for her in the car, she fell silent for a while, and sighed softly: "Madam White, I have to go." 
As much as Mrs. Benington didn’t want her to leave, she couldn’t keep her. 
With tears in her eyes, she nodded her head, choking out, "You must take good care of yourself, and if you have any difficulties, please tell me. Although you and David broke up, you’re never an outsider to me." 
Joanna’s eyes turned red: "Yes, I know." 
Mrs. Benington was really good to her. 
If David hadn’t cheated, and if they could have married smoothly, having a mother-in-law like Mrs. Benington would have brought her tremendous happiness. 
It’s just a shame... 
There was no longer any chance for a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship between her and Mrs. Benington. 
After reminding Mrs. Benington to take care of her health, Joanna turned around to leave. 
"Joanna." 
Just as she took a step forward, she heard a voice she didn’t like from behind.
###Chapter 247: Chapter 249: Missing the Soft and Cute Girl from the Past
She furrowed her brows, not wanting to pay attention. However, the person behind her quickly caught up to her, taking three steps at once. Just as she walked out of the Benington family’s entrance, David Benington reached her. 
He stood in front of her. 
"Joanna, let’s talk." 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head, looking at him coldly: "Get out of the way." 
David didn’t move, looking down at the girl standing in front of him. He said with difficulty, "Joanna, could we talk? I have something to say to you." 
Joanna’s gaze filled with disgust, and she replied coldly, "I have nothing to say to you." 
Her coldness and the disgust in her eyes hurt David. 
Now, Joanna seemed like a porcupine covered with prickles. 
Whenever she saw him, her prickles would stand on end. 
She refused to communicate with him. 
Her indifference to him was more distant than to strangers. 
This made David uncomfortable and hard to accept. 
He began to miss the soft and cute girl from before. 
"Joanna, don’t be like this," David showed an injured expression. "I know I owe you an apology, and I’ve thought about making it up to you. But you won’t give me a chance to make amends. Tell me, what can I do to earn your forgiveness?" 
Joanna didn’t expect David to have the audacity to say such things. 
Did he actually think she would forgive him? 
How thick-skinned must one be to say such shameless words? 
He was so shameless that even Mrs. Benington couldn’t stand it. 
Mrs. Benington stepped forward and slapped him on the head: "You shameless thing, you did wrong by Joanna and you still have the face to seek her forgiveness? Get back in there and stop embarrassing yourself!" 
"Mom." 
David dodged Mrs. Benington’s slap, somewhat aggrieved: "I really have something to say to Joanna. You don’t understand, so please don’t add to the chaos." 
Mrs. Benington slapped him again, trembling with anger: "What don’t I understand? You and that shameless siren have a child together, what more is there for me to misjudge? I’m telling you, just because she’s having a child doesn’t give her the right to enter the Benington family. As long as I’m alive, she won’t succeed." 
"Mom, that’s your own grandchild!" 
"What grandchild? I don’t acknowledge it! That casual woman seduced you, and she could also seduce other men. Who knows whose seed is growing in her belly? Are you that trusting of her?" 
"Mom, what are you saying? Annie has never been with another man besides me. Whose child could it be if not your grandchild?" 
Mother and son began to argue. 
Joanna stood aside, watching silently for a few seconds before giving up on the idea of breaking up the fight and turning to leave. 
A scumbag like David deserved a lesson from Mrs. Benington. 
It wasn’t her place to stop Mrs. Benington. 
She walked briskly across the street toward the black Rolls-Royce parked quietly under the sycamore trees. 
As soon as she approached the car door, it clicked open. 
The man sitting in the back seat looked up, revealing a handsome and noble face. His deep black eyes landed on her, filled with gentle warmth. 
Upon meeting his gaze, Joanna couldn’t help but smile. 
She bent down and got into the car. 
The moment she entered, she was pulled into the man’s strong arms. 
His long arms wrapped around her waist possessively. 
"Is everything taken care of?" 
As the car door closed, the man’s deep magnetic voice sounded.
###Chapter 248: Chapter 250: So I Told Him to Get Lost
Joanna Lawrence struggled a bit with embarrassment. Feeling the arm around her waist tightening its hold, she quickly gave up resisting. 
Then, she obediently let Ashton Heath hold her. 
Although she couldn’t see what Jeremy Lawrence’s expression was at the moment, Joanna could guess. 
Her face was a bit hot, a faint blush appearing on her fair cheeks. She pursed her lips and softly replied, "Um, it’s resolved." 
The man’s warm, large hand pinched the soft flesh on Joanna’s waist. He glanced outside the window and said quietly to Zack, "You can go now."
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Zack started the car and also looked outside the window. 
At the gate of the Benington Villa, a young man in a white suit was looking their way. 
Although his appearance was inferior to their Mr. Ashton, the man was still quite handsome. 
Among ordinary people, he would also be considered outstanding. 
His gentle facial features should have given people a soft feeling, but for some reason, a layer of gloom enveloped his handsome face; his eyes had a hint of fierceness, giving an uncomfortable impression. 
Zack guessed that it must be Ms. Joanna’s ex-fiance. 
Though he looked like a decent person, his actions were despicable. 
Having an affair with his fiancee’s sister. 
Zack only took a quick glance before shifting his attention back and drove the Rolls-Royce out of the villa area. 
* 
On the road, inside the car. 
Ashton Heath gently stroked Joanna’s soft, long hair in his arms, he casually asked, "What did David Benington say to you just now?" 
"Huh?" Joanna blinked and looked up at him in his arms. 
He looked down, meeting her glossy black eyes. Recalling how she had cried last time because David Benington doubted her, he hesitated to find the right words before he said, "I saw you talking to him at the entrance earlier." 
"I know you don’t want to deal with him; he’s the one clinging to you." 
"Does he regret breaking up with you and want to get back together?" 
Separated by a road, Ashton couldn’t have heard what David Benington had said. 
But he had his concerns. 
Joanna’s goodness was irresistible even to him, let alone David Benington. 
Regretting breaking up and wanting to reconcile was a common occurrence. 
Compared to David Benington, he had enough confidence in his own excellence. 
But no matter how outstanding he was, it couldn’t make up for the more than ten years of feelings between Joanna and David Benington. 
That was the only thing he lost to David. 
Moreover, it was something he cared about. 
When he thought of how Joanna and David Benington had known each other since ten years ago, he couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable. 
Joanna was taken aback by his question. Realizing that he might be jealous again, she hurriedly clarified, "No! He said he wanted to talk to me, but I didn’t agree." 
"He wants to talk to you?" 
This answer didn’t satisfy Ashton and didn’t put him at ease. 
Instead, the handsome man’s eyebrows knitted. "What do you have to talk about with him?" 
"Yeah, I don’t think there’s anything to talk about with him either. So, I told him to get lost." Before Ashton’s jealousy could flare up, Joanna quickly said this. 
As expected. 
After she said that, his frowned eyebrows relaxed slightly, and his expression eased a bit. 
"You told him to get lost?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded vehemently, "I told him to get lost." 
"Baby, you did the right thing."
###Chapter 249: Chapter 251: Rebecca Returns to Her Country
The man’s sexy thin lips curved slightly, and his mouth finally revealed a satisfied smile, his voice sounding much more cheerful, "From now on, do this. If he bothers you again, tell him to get lost." 
"If he clings to you shamelessly and refuses to leave, let me know, and I’ll have someone break his legs." 
Joanna: "..." 
Breaking legs... isn’t that a bit too violent? 
But she thought he was being overly concerned. 
How could David possibly be annoyingly clingy to her? 
He’s now sticking to Annie; surely he wouldn’t be interested in his ex-girlfriend. 
Sitting in the front seat, Jeremy heard the conversation between the two and wanted to shout out, "Ashton is mighty and domineering!" 
He felt that he could be at ease from now on. 
He wouldn’t have to worry about his sister being bullied anymore. 
With such a supportive brother-in-law, what was there to fear? 
His brother-in-law doted on his sister and had both wealth and power; he could surely take good care of her. 
No one would dare bully her. 
* 
Halfway through the journey, Ashton received a phone call. 
It was from Lady Octavia.
"Ashton, dear, it’s the weekend today. Aren’t you supposed to come home? You didn’t come back last week, and your grandma has been asking about you. She said she misses you." Lady Octavia’s voice sounded quite young, and indeed, she wasn’t that old in reality. 
She was only in her forties this year. 
She got married early, right after the legal marriage age, to Ashton’s father, Darren Heath. 
Ashton lowered his head to look at the young girl lying obediently in his arms, hesitated for a moment, and gave a gentle "hmm" to the person on the other end of the phone. 
Lady Octavia seemed a little dissatisfied: "What does that ’hmm’ mean? Are you coming back, or not? Let me tell you, there are guests at home today, so unless you have something really important to do, you must come back." 
"Guest?" Ashton raised an eyebrow, "Which guest?" 
"Rebecca’s back in the country. Don’t tell me you didn’t know." Lady Octavia’s tone softened as she talked about Rebecca, "This girl is quite filial. Right after returning, she came to visit us and even brought many gifts." 
"It’s not in vain that I’ve doted on her since she was little. If only she were my biological daughter, having such a considerate daughter would add twenty years to my life. Unlike you, you naughty boy, giving me worries since you were little, and now in your twenties, still showing no sign of settling down." 
Lady Octavia started complaining: "You’re almost thirty, and don’t even have a significant other. Look at Yannick, who grew up playing with you. He changes girlfriends one after another, so how come you don’t have that skill?" 
Ashton listened expressionlessly as Lady Octavia scolded him. 
When she finished her scolding, he replied calmly: "That’s called being fickle and passionate, not skillful." 
"That’s still better than you!" Lady Octavia became really annoyed when discussing this topic, "At least he’s normal. Unlike you, who’s only ever had Rebecca by your side. What other girls have you been around? Rebecca was perfect, and I’d approve if you two got together, but you said you only see her as a sister." 
"We introduced you to so many outstanding girls, but you never gave them a chance. Are you trying to drive me crazy? In my lifetime, will I ever see you get married and have kids?" 
Listening to Lady Octavia’s exasperated voice, Ashton’s face remained calm.
###Chapter 250: Chapter 252: Baby, It’s Also Your Mom
Ashton Heath’s deep black eyes lingered on the soft, cute girl in his arms. He couldn’t resist reaching out to slightly pinch her fair and tender cheek. 
The girl’s face was white, smooth, and soft to touch, just like an egg. 
Seeing her curled up in his arms like a kitten, Ashton’s gaze softened. 
The generally cold contours of his face also softened significantly. 
Once Lady Octavia had finished speaking, he tugged at a slight smile, "Don’t worry, Lady Octavia. You’ll definitely see it in your lifetime." 
"What did you say?" Lady Octavia’s tone changed, "Is there something going on?" 
In the past, whenever she spoke about these things, Ashton remained silent. 
This time, he responded to her. 
Ashton’s gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence; it was slightly soft, "Prepare more light foods. Also, let someone prepare some brown sugar tea in advance for me. I’ll be back later." 
"Wha...what? Brown sugar water?" Lady Octavia was stunned. 
"Yes, add some ginger and Medjool dates to it. That’s it, I’m hanging up. We’ll talk more when I get home." 
After he finished speaking, he hung up the phone. 
Joanna listened to him finish the call, raised her head, and her dark eyes looked at him, "Your mom called you?" 
Ashton nodded, curled his lips, and corrected her, "Baby, she’s your mom too." 
Joanna was taken aback, a little embarrassed. 
She was already married to Ashton. 
His mom was indeed her mom now. 
However, she hadn’t even gotten used to the idea of marriage, let alone calling her "mom". 
Herr face turned slightly red, biting her lips and queried, "Did...did your mom ask you to come home?" 
"Yes." Ashton thought for a moment and then asked her in a tone meant to consult her, "Do you want to come home with me?" 
Their marriage was swift. 
He hadn’t got the chance to introduce her to his family back at Heath Villa. 
But that day, something Rebecca Kelloway said reminded him of his original plan, which was to bring her home soon. 
Coincidentally, Lady Octavia called him to come home today, so he thought about advancing the plan. 
Joanna was taken aback, "Go home with you? You mean to meet your family?" 
"Yes." 
As Ashton stroked her head, his voice was gentle, "Joanna, we’re already married. I’ve met your family, but you haven’t met mine. I want to take you home and introduce you to them." 
Joanna immediately became nervous. 
"Meet...meet your family?" She bit her lip, "But I’m not prepared yet." 
Even though she was married to Ashton, she didn’t want him to take her home so soon. 
She wished they could continue to live their life, just the two of them. 
She was afraid of the idea of returning home with him to meet his parents. 
Whenever she thought about those TV series about wealthy family disputes, she felt resistant. 
Ashton was very good and spoiled her. 
But his family&hellip; 
In a super wealthy family like the Heaths, his family members must be a bunch of formidable people. 
Such formidable people would not be easy to get along with. 
"You don’t need to worry or be afraid." Noticing her nervousness and uneasiness, Ashton comforted her by stroking her head. His voice was softer, more gentle, "With me by your side, no one can hurt you." 
"Moreover, you are so good, my family is bound to like you." 
"But..." 
"Joanna, what are you worried about?" Ashton’s gaze was gentle as he looked at her, "Are you worried that my family is difficult to get along with and they will make things hard for you?"
###Chapter 251: Chapter 253: Tens of Millions of Dollars in Allowance
Joanna Lawrence bit her lip and remained silent. 
Ashton Heath knew she was indeed worried about this. 
"Don’t be afraid." His warm hand fell on her head. He looked down at her, and her pretty little face was reflected in his deep eyes. "As long as I am here, no one will make things difficult for you. I promise you that if you feel unhappy after going there, we can leave anytime." 
"Joanna, you are my wife. I care about you, and that’s why I want to introduce you to my parents as soon as possible. I hope not only I like you, but also my family likes you." 
The man’s voice was very gentle, and coaxing. 
Also showing a rare patience. 
After such words, Joanna couldn’t refuse anymore. 
Although she still had many concerns in her heart, she compromised, "...Okay." 
Anyway, sooner or later, she would have to go back home with him. 
There was no escape. 
Moreover, as he said, he had already met all her family and friends. If she refused to meet his family, it would be unreasonable. 
Seeing that she agreed, Ashton Heath gently raised the corner of his lips. 
The charming and enchanting curvature of his mouth made Joanna’s heart leap excitedly. 
"Then let Zack send Jeremy, and we’ll get off the car first. Cody Aberton’s place is not far from here. I’ll have him come and pick us up." Ashton said, taking out his phone. 
"Ashton, let Zack send you and Joanna." Jeremy had heard their conversation just now, and hurriedly spoke before Ashton made the call. 
"I haven’t been to school for a while, so I’ll go back to the dormitory to tidy up some things. The school is not far from here. I can just take a cab." 
Ashton considered it and nodded: "Alright. Do you have money for a cab?" 
"I..." Jeremy suddenly remembered that he seemed to have forgotten to bring money. 
Just as he was about to ask Joanna for a hundred dollars for the cab, he saw his brother-in-law take out a wallet, and pulled out a card from the many cards in the wallet. 
Ashton Heath handed the card to Jeremy: "There’s some allowance in this card, take it and use it. Buy whatever you need, don’t save money for me." 
Jeremy: "..." 
Ashton Heath didn’t wait for his reaction, and directly stuffed the card into his hand: "Take it, your sister has her allowance too. This is for you. The password is six fives." 
* 
After getting off the car, Jeremy was still a little dumbfounded. 
He stared blankly at the prestige card in his hand, feeling a little excited. 
Was this the legendary "rich people’s" card? 
He had just glimpsed what seemed to be several prestige cards in his brother-in-law’s wallet. 
His brother-in-law was really rich. 
There was a bank just across from where they got off. Jeremy walked over with a curious mind, wanting to see how much the so-called allowance was in this card. 
Soon, he came to an ATM machine and inserted the prestige card. 
After inputting the password and pressing "balance inquiry". 
A few seconds later. 
Jeremy’s eyes widened when he saw a long string of zeros on the ATM screen, his face showing a shocked expression. 
This, this was his brother-in-law’s so-called allowance?! 
Their concept of allowance was too different, right? 
God! 
His brother-in-law had actually given him a bank card with tens of millions dollars in balance! 
Suddenly, he had tens of millions dollars in allowance? 
Jeremy’s heart couldn’t take such stimulation. 
He could finally confirm that his sister had married into a super wealthy family. 
And, his brother-in-law’s identity might be even more awesome than David Benington’s.
###Chapter 252: Chapter 254: As Precious as a National Treasure
* 
The black Rolls-Royce drove smoothly along the road. 
As they approached the Heath Villa, Joanna Lawrence’s nerves began to act up again. 
She clutched Ashton Heath’s arm tightly, "Shouldn’t we buy some gifts? It’s my first time visiting your family, is it impolite to go empty-handed?" 
She had mentioned buying gifts earlier, but Ashton said it wasn’t necessary. 
Joanna thought about it, but she still felt that going to his family’s house empty-handed wasn’t very good. 
However, when it came to buying gifts, she didn’t know what would be a suitable choice. 
A family like the Heath’s didn’t lack anything. 
If it was too ordinary a gift, it wouldn’t be impressive. 
Yet if it was a gift that even the Heath family would consider extraordinary, she couldn’t afford it. 
"There’s nothing wrong with going empty-handed." 
Sensing that she had been tense during the entire trip, Ashton sighed softly, "Baby, relax. You’re going to visit my family, not going to war." 
Joanna, in her current state, looked like she was about to go into battle. 
Her body was tense. 
"I’ve told you, no one will make things difficult for you as long as I’m there. Besides, my parents are very open-minded people. As long as I like you, they will like you too. Especially my grandmother, there are no girls in our family, so when you marry into our family, you’ll be as precious as a national treasure." 
"They’ll be more than happy to have you, they won’t make things difficult for you." 
"Your family doesn’t have any girls?" 
As he spoke, Joanna felt a little less nervous. 
"Yes." Ashton nodded, "My grandma has two sons, and they both have boys. She has always wanted a granddaughter. When you come to our family, she’ll definitely be very happy." 
"By the way," 
He suddenly remembered something, hesitated for a moment, but decided to tell her beforehand, "Rebecca Kelloway is also here. I told you our family has no girls, and the Heath family and the Kelloway family have a generational friendship, so my mom has always treated Rebecca like a daughter." 
"Rebecca and my mom have a very good relationship, so as soon as she returned to the country, she went to see my mom." 
"Baby, today is just the first day I’m bringing you home, and my family is still not familiar with you. But Rebecca has known my family for over twenty years. So, if you feel that my family is more enthusiastic about her than you, I hope you don’t mind." 
"You can treat her as my sister." 
Upon hearing that Rebecca was also there, Joanna’s face changed slightly. 
Before, when she didn’t know that Rebecca liked Ashton, she had no other opinion on this friend who had grown up with Ashton from childhood. 
But now... 
Knowing that this was a woman who liked her husband, Joanna felt that she didn’t really want to see Rebecca anymore. 
It wasn’t due to jealousy. 
She just didn’t like the feeling of being seen as a love rival. 
But she couldn’t say these words out loud. 
After all, Rebecca knew Ashton before her and had known him for over twenty years. 
It couldn’t be that because he married her, he could no longer have any female friends, right? 
"Alright, I understand." Joanna nodded, obediently saying, "I’m not that petty. I can understand." 
* 
Half an hour later, 
The car drove halfway up the mountain, and from a distance, Joanna could see a mansion ahead. 
In front of the mansion, two lion statues crouched. 
The carved doors were also made of bronze. 
The imposing lion sculptures seemed to have moving eyes when looked at. 
The Rolls-Royce slowly came to a stop outside the bronze doors. 
A security guard poked his head out. Ashton lowered the window, and the guard saw his face, immediately calling out respectfully, "Mr. Ashton." 
Then he opened the bronze door.
###Chapter 253: Chapter 255: Almost Had a Heart Attack
Joanna Lawrence felt that Ashton Heath’s residence was already quite grand and lavish. 
But when the car entered Heath Villa, she realized her imagination was limited by her lack of wealth. 
The Heath family’s old mansion was like a forest park. It took more than ten minutes of driving from the gate to reach the residential area. 
Everywhere were towering trees that soared into the clouds, pavilions, terraces, and towers. 
She felt like she had stepped into an ancient royal mansion’s courtyard. 
The architecture of Heath Villa had a classical charm, and it was clear that every plant and tree here had been around for many years. 
It was a true old mansion. 
This alone could show that the Heath family was a genuine prestigious family. 
Completely different from those nouveau riche. 
At least three generations had been very wealthy. 
Compared to the Heath family, the Benington family really paled in comparison. 
The car continued driving for a while, and a few minutes later, stopped in front of a courtyard. 
Zack got out of the car first, then went to open the back seat door. 
Ashton got out first. 
Rowan, the Heath Villa’s housekeeper, had received the news earlier and was waiting for them. Seeing Ashton, he immediately stepped forward and respectfully called out, "Mr. Ashton." 
Ashton nodded and then turned around, reaching a hand into the car. 
Seeing this, Rowan curiously looked over. 
Was there someone else in the car? 
But who could be sitting in the car that would suddenly make young master so gentlemanly? 
After a few seconds, Rowan saw a delicate little hand from inside the car and placed it on Mr. Ashton’s hand. 
Mr. Ashton firmly gripped the delicate hand. 
Rowan: "!!!" 
What was going on? 
There was a woman in Mr. Ashton’s car!!! 
Moreover, Mr. Ashton was so attentive and caring to this woman?!!!
The person inside the car hadn’t gotten out yet, and Rowan had already been stunned with his mouth agape. 
Even after working at the Heath family for decades, and having excellent mental fortitude, he couldn’t stay calm. 
After a few more seconds, under Rowan’s astonished gaze, the person in the car finally got out. 
Upon seeing Joanna, Rowan’s eyes once again revealed shock and disbelief. 
Not only was there a woman in the young master’s car, but it was also a very young girl! 
The young girl had an exceptionally pretty face, delicate and refined features, big eyes, and a small face. It seemed her face wasn’t even as big as his palm. 
Under the sunlight, her tender skin was so white it almost glowed. 
She didn’t look elaborately dressed but was so beautiful it was hard to look away. 
Rowan had a good eye and could tell at a glance that this young girl was different from those seductive women outside. 
Her demeanor was very clean and refreshing, and she seemed likable at first sight. 
What shocked Rowan even more happened next. 
He saw his young master reach out to hold the girl’s waist after she got out of the car. 
Rowan: "!!!" 
"Y-Young master, this is..." Rowan’s eyes widened, looking at Joanna with a mix of curiosity and astonishment. 
As Ashton held Joanna’s waist, he glanced at her and affectionately said, "This is Ms. Joanna." 
Then, he introduced Rowan to the clearly still a little nervous Joanna, "Joanna, this is Tedd, the Heath Villa’s housekeeper." 
Upon hearing the words "Ms. Joanna," Tedd almost fainted. 
He was so shocked that his heart nearly skipped a beat. 
"M-Ms. Joanna?" Tedd felt that the stimulation he had received in this short while was more than the past ten years’ worth.
###Chapter 254: Chapter 256: The Feeling of a Rare Animal
Mr. Ashton was simply playing out of character. 
How did he suddenly bring back a wife? 
That’s not right. 
Didn’t Mr. Ashton have androphobia? He’s been treating it for over ten years and hasn’t been cured. 
How could it be suddenly cured? 
Moreover, he just recently said he wasn’t interested in women and wasn’t planning to get married in his lifetime. 
Uncle Tedd’s doubts were too numerous, and his whole person was confused. 
"Hmm." Ashton Heath glanced at him and smiled, "I decided to bring her back on a whim, so I didn’t tell you guys in advance. You can go report it now, just say that I brought back Ms. Joanna." 
Tedd was still in shock and couldn’t digest the news for a while, but he nodded with professionalism: "Yes, I’ll go now." 
After speaking, Tedd turned around and left before they did. 
Joanna Lawrence gently tugged at Ashton Heath’s sleeve, her voice also soft, "Who all is at home today?" 
Ashton Heath pinched her hand and walked forward with his arm around her, "My dad is overseas and will be back in a few days. At home now should be my mom and my grandmother." 
"What about your grandfather?" 
He passed away due to an illness five years ago."
"Sorry, I didn’t know." 
"It’s fine." Ashton Heath smiled, "Everyone goes through birth, aging, sickness, and death. It’s not something we can’t talk about." 
The two were chatting as they walked, and people kept coming up to greet them along the way. 
Joanna also experienced the baptism of gazes along the way, and she could feel that many people were secretly sizing her up. 
Moreover, their gazes were full of shock and disbelief. 
Just like Tedd before, it seemed like they had seen something unbelievable. 
Joanna felt like she had become a rare animal. 
However, she thought about it and felt that she could understand. 
Ashton Heath had always had that strange disease and couldn’t touch women. 
Yet now he suddenly brought her home and was so intimate with her, it was no wonder the uninformed crowd would be so surprised. 
They entered the living room while being scrutinized like this. 
This uncomfortable feeling became even more intense when they entered the living room. 
"Madam Heath, Lady Octavia, Mr. Ashton is back." 
As soon as the maid finished reporting, Joanna felt an unfriendly gaze land on her. 
As she looked up, she saw Rebecca Kelloway sitting on the sofa. 
Next to Rebecca was a middle-aged woman dressed in an elegant and luxurious outfit. 
The middle-aged woman was in her forties with a beautiful appearance, fair skin, and an outstanding and elegant demeanor. 
She was obviously a well-bred lady from a noble family. 
Seeing her face, which resembled Ashton Heath’s by about 70%, Joanna guessed that this must be his mother. 
As expected of a well-bred lady, she exuded a different air than ordinary people at first glance. 
In the middle of the sofa, there was another person. 
It was a woman in her sixties. Like the middle-aged lady, the older lady had a good temperament. Although she was past her prime, it was clear that she must have been a great beauty when she was young. 
Madam Heath from a wealthy family seemed to exude a unique spiritual energy that set her apart. 
The older lady’s face was ruddy, and she was full of energy, as if she had been living a life of luxury and privilege, which had nurtured her exquisite and noble temperament that was different from ordinary people. 
There was no need to guess; Joanna knew that she must be Ashton Heath’s grandmother. 
Seeing Lady Octavia and Madam Heath all of a sudden, Joanna’s mental preparations were of no use.
###Chapter 255: Chapter 257: Your Wife Has a Sweet Tongue, Huh
She was still nervous. 
So nervous that she tightened her grip on Ashton Heath’s hand. 
Ashton Heath held her hand back, soothingly squeezed the palm of her hand, and then led her forward. 
"Mom, Grandma." He took Joanna Lawrence to Madam Heath and affectionately patted her head in public, then said, "This is my wife, Joanna Lawrence. We have already gotten our marriage certificate, and I brought her home today to meet you all." 
There were a few seconds of silence. 
After Ashton Heath introduced Joanna Lawrence, no one spoke. 
Ashton Heath didn’t seem to care. He calmly introduced his grandmother to Joanna: "Joanna, this is my grandma." 
Joanna Lawrence followed his gaze and looked at Madam Heath. She fell silent, took a deep breath, squeezed a sweet smile from the corner of her lips, and sweetly greeted her: "Hello, Grandma." 
Madam Heath was squinting at her. 
Her gaze went from bottom to top, then from top to bottom, assessing Joanna thoroughly before her face broke into a satisfied smile. 
Such a neat, clean, and engaging young lady. 
Quite likable at first sight. 
Madam Heath was already fond of Joanna, and upon hearing her greeting, her smile couldn’t stop. 
"What a well-behaved child." She waved at Joanna Lawrence and spoke gently, "Come here, let Grandma have a closer look at you." 
Joanna Lawrence turned her head and looked at Ashton Heath for guidance. 
"Go ahead." Ashton Heath indulgently patted her head again and whispered, "Grandma likes you. Don’t be afraid. Just go and let her have a good look at you." 
Madam Heath likes her? 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but feel relieved, as if an applicant in a job interview had received approval from the most significant decision-maker. She relaxed a bit and wasn’t as nervous as before. 
She nodded slightly to Ashton Heath, took a deep breath, released his hand, and walked slowly toward Madam Heath. 
As soon as she approached, Madam Heath grabbed her hand. 
As Madam Heath held her hand, she examined Joanna from head to toe again, her smile growing more satisfied.
"Oh, this child is so beautiful." 
The young lady of the Heath family admired Joanna Lawrence’s tender, porcelain-like skin, praising incessantly, "Such great skin, and so fair. There’s no one in the Heath family who is as fair-skinned as you. It’s perfect that you married Ashton; you can help improve our family’s genes." 
Joanna Lawrence blushed at the compliments. 
She also saw that Madam Heath seemed to like her a lot. 
She had initially thought that seniors in such a prominent family would be hard to get along with, but Madam Heath turned out to be a very amiable person. 
Gradually, she wasn’t as nervous. 
And not as helpless as she was at first. 
Seeing Madam Heath’s gentle, loving smile, she thought of her own grandmother. 
She immediately felt a sense of familiarity. 
She relaxed and held Madam Heath’s hand, sweetly saying, "Grandma, your skin is very fair too. And you look so young, not like a grandma at all. If Ashton hadn’t introduced you to me earlier, I would have thought you were his Aunt." 
It was obvious that she was trying to flatter her. 
But Madam Heath enjoyed it very much, smiling happily. She patted Joanna Lawrence’s hand gently and turned to Ashton Heath to say, "Ashton, look how sweet your wife’s words are. Where did you find such a lovable granddaughter-in-law for me?"
###Chapter 256: Chapter 258: Do you know this woman that Ashton brought back?
Seeing how much Madam Heath enjoyed Joanna Lawrence, Ashton Heath’s lips curled up in pleasure: "Since Grandma thinks she’s so good, shouldn’t there be a welcome gift?" 
"You little rascal." 
Madam Heath glared at him, but her eyes were filled with indulgence and affection: "You think your grandma doesn’t know such basic etiquette? Don’t worry, your wife won’t be shortchanged. I’ve prepared something for her already." 
After Rowan came to report earlier, Madam Heath had already asked someone to bring out the welcome gift. 
She had prepared it early. 
She had been waiting for several years but was never able to give it away. 
Her precious grandson was mysteriously uninterested in women, remaining single all these years, causing Madam Heath to worry. 
She was afraid she wouldn’t be able to give away the gifts she had prepared. 
But now it was fine. 
After meeting Joanna Lawrence, Madam Heath was completely reassured. 
She was satisfied with this daughter-in-law. 
Her grandson’s choice in people was indeed excellent, and he had picked such a beautiful daughter-in-law for her. 
This delicate and lovely face was so pleasing to look at. 
Only such a pure young lady was worthy of her precious grandson. 
Other than Ashton Heath, the Heath family didn’t know that Madam Heath was actually obsessed with appearance. 
To please her was very simple; as long as a person was good-looking, she would be satisfied. 
The better the appearance, the more she liked them. 
Not only was Joanna Lawrence beautiful, but she happened to have the kind of appearance Madam Heath liked. 
Even Joanna herself didn’t know that she won Madam Heath’s approval so easily just because of her face. 
If she knew, she would definitely find an opportunity to introduce Aria Rowlett to Madam Heath. 
After all, people who shared the same tastes in beauty, regardless of age, could always find common ground. 
"Go and bring out the gift I prepared for Joanna." Madam Heath changed the way she addressed her new granddaughter after giving her approval, calling her "Joanna" with great affection. 
This side was full of harmony and joy. 
On the other side, however, the intimately seated Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway’s expressions were not very pleasant. 
Rebecca Kelloway was the daughter-in-law Lady Octavia had chosen. 
She had always wanted to arrange for Ashton Heath and Rebecca to be together, but her son remained indifferent to the daughter-in-law she had set her heart on. 
No matter how many opportunities she created, the relationship between the two did not progress any further. 
However, even so, the person Lady Octavia was most satisfied with as her daughter-in-law was still Rebecca. 
During their daily interactions, she had long been treating Rebecca like her daughter-in-law. 
But who would have thought that her son would suddenly bring home a woman and even say that they had already gotten their marriage certificate? 
As parents, they only found out now. 
Lady Octavia was furious at Ashton Heath’s way of handling things without consulting them first, but since Madam Heath was present and showed such affection for Joanna Lawrence, she could not say anything in this situation. 
In the Heath family now, Madam Heath was an absolute authority figure. 
From her youth to now, Lady Octavia had always held a certain reverence for Madam Heath. 
She did not dare to casually offend Madam Heath. 
However, she was extremely dissatisfied with this sudden daughter-in-law. 
She coldly asked Rebecca, "Rebecca, do you know this woman Ashton has brought back?" 
From the moment Ashton Heath walked into the hall with Joanna Lawrence, Rebecca’s eyes had been following him. 
Seeing him pat Joanna’s head so affectionately and look at Joanna with such loving eyes, Rebecca felt as if her heart was being torn apart, and it hurt terribly.
###Chapter 257: Chapter 259: Everything is Dominated by Her Will
And insanely jealous. 
She grew up with Ashton Heath. 
She was the only female friend who could stay by his side. 
But Ashton Heath had never been so gentle with her nor had he ever looked at her with such indulgence. 
Not even once. 
They had known each other for more than twenty years, grew up together, and had a deep relationship unmatched by ordinary people. 
Why could that girl named Joanna Lawrence get the treatment that she had never gotten? 
The severe imbalance in her heart gave rise to jealousy and unwillingness. 
Clearly, Ashton Heath’s wife should be her. 
Everyone around her, including some elders of the Heath family, thought she would marry Ashton Heath. 
Everyone believed they would be together. 
But why did he marry another woman? 
Clearly, they were the perfect match! 
Jealousy makes people crazy and irrational. 
Rebecca Kelloway bit her lip, a hint of resentment in her eyes: "The day I returned to the country, Ashton took her to dinner with us. According to Yannick, she’s still a student." 
"What, still a student?" 
Lady Octavia frowned: "So you’ve met her already? Why didn’t you tell me about this?" 
Rebecca looked a little wronged when Lady Octavia asked this: "Lady Octavia, Ashton didn’t want me to say anything. He said Joanna was timid and didn’t dare to come back to meet you all for now, so he’s waiting until she’s willing to meet you all before bringing her back." 
"If I had told you about this before he planned to bring Joanna home to meet you all, he would have been unhappy with me if he found out." 
Lady Octavia’s face suddenly didn’t look too good. 
She sneered: "Timid? So if she didn’t want to go home with Ashton, he would always keep this a secret from us?" 
Rebecca bit her lip and whispered, "I guess so. Ashton spoils her quite a bit, saying he’ll do whatever she wants." 
"Hmph." 
Lady Octavia’s face looked even worse than before: "Ashton has always been a very decisive person since he was young, never easily listening to anyone. And now he’s changed? This wife of his seemed quite docile, but I didn’t expect her to be so scheming." 
Rebecca glanced at Joanna Lawrence, pursed her lips, and casually said: "It’s quite impressive that she was able to coax Ashton into secretly getting their marriage certificate without letting you all know. I originally thought they got married with your consent. I never imagined that Ashton would actually use a fait accompli." 
"This is not his style at all." 
"Under normal circumstances, if he likes someone, shouldn’t he bring her home to meet you all first, and then talk about marriage later? If they want to get married, at least both families should sit down at the same table and formally discuss it. I don’t understand why they have to hide it from their own family when they can do it openly." 
"I thought about it over and over again, and I can only think of one possibility." 
"What possibility?" 
Although Lady Octavia was angry earlier, she didn’t get too worked up. 
But after Rebecca’s few words, Lady Octavia’s face turned black. 
Instantly, she felt that Joanna Lawrence must not be a girl from a decent family. 
Could a daughter brought up in a decent family do such a thing? 
She even bewitched her son and secretly got their marriage certificate!
###Chapter 258: Chapter 260: Lady Octavia, did I say something wrong?
Rebecca watched the subtle shift in Lady Octavia’s expression, noting the darkening of her eyes with a quiet, strategic satisfaction. In the intricate social fabric of the Heath family, a lapse in approval from the matriarch could create a ripple effect that no amount of personal affection from Ashton could fully mitigate.
“I suspect Joanna’s background lacks the strategic depth you were hoping for,” Rebecca murmured, her voice lowered as if sharing a painful confidence. “Perhaps she was concerned that a formal introduction would lead to a level of scrutiny her history couldn't sustain. It’s possible she encouraged Ashton to bypass the traditional channels to secure her position before any questions could be raised.”
“You believe this was her initiative, and not Ashton’s?” Lady Octavia’s voice carried a dangerous, quiet edge.
Rebecca pressed her lips together, projecting an air of reluctant honesty. “We both know Ashton. He values the family legacy and has always maintained a standard of profound respect for you. To bypass your counsel entirely... that doesn't align with the man we know. However, when one is deeply captivated, their priorities can be subtly reshaped by the person closest to them.”
Lady Octavia’s fingers tightened around the arm of her chair. The thought of her son’s primary loyalty shifting so abruptly was a bitter pill to swallow. “Is his focus on her truly that absolute?”
“If you had witnessed their interaction at the recent gathering, you would understand,” Rebecca sighed. “He defended her with a level of intensity that surprised everyone, even at the cost of long-standing social alliances. It’s clear that her influence is now a central factor in his decision-making. As a mother who has invested everything into his upbringing and future, I can imagine how unsettling it must be to see your counsel replaced so suddenly.”
Rebecca was precise in her delivery, knowing exactly which chords of maternal protectiveness to strike. She saw the flash of resentment in Octavia’s eyes—a reaction born from a lifetime of dedication and the sudden fear of being marginalized.
“Lady Octavia, please don't let my observations distress you,” Rebecca added, reaching out to offer a comforting hand. “I’m merely reflecting on the bond you’ve shared. After everything you endured to ensure his health and his future, your place in his life should remain unparalleled. It’s only natural to feel protective of the legacy you’ve built together.”
Lady Octavia remained silent, her gaze fixed across the room where Madame Heath was currently presenting a small, ornate box to Joanna. The gesture of acceptance from the family’s elder was a public endorsement that Octavia couldn't openly challenge without disrupting the family’s facade of unity.
“Lady Octavia,” Rebecca whispered, her eyes following the exchange with a flicker of suppressed envy. “Whatever your personal reservations, it’s best to maintain composure for now. Madame Heath’s approval is a significant shield.”
Octavia understood the protocol all too well. It was only the presence of the Elder Madame that kept her frustration from boiling over. In her mind, the narrative was taking shape: her son was not capable of such a slight against her on his own. Therefore, the source of this disruption had to be the newcomer who had so quickly integrated herself into the inner sanctum of the family.
“Do not worry, Rebecca,” Lady Octavia said, taking a deep breath and patting Rebecca’s hand. “The standards of this family are not so easily rewritten. I still believe in the future we once envisioned for Ashton—one that includes a partner who truly understands the weight of our name.”
“But...” Rebecca looked down, her expression a mask of elegant sadness. “Ashton has already made his choice. The commitment is finalized.”
###Chapter 259: Chapter 261 Grandma, we will work hard
"So what?" Lady Octavia said coldly, "People can still get divorced after they get married. If she thinks getting a marriage certificate means she can rest on her laurels, she’s sadly mistaken." 
"The doors of the Heath family aren’t open to just anyone!" 
The person she was referring to was Joanna Lawrence. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes flickered, but she did not speak again. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated as she looked at the box handed over by Madam Heath, looking towards Ashton Heath for guidance. 
Ashton Heath nodded at her, "This is a meeting gift from grandma, take it. There were gifts when my mother first came too." 
Following his words, Joanna Lawrence reached out to receive the box. 
She politely said, "Thank you, Grandma." 
She had no idea what was inside the box. 
And it wasn’t appropriate to open it in front of everyone. 
However, whatever Madam Heath had given must be good. 
Madam Heath had been eagerly awaiting her grand-daughter-in-law for so long, and now that she had finally arrived, it made her heart happy. The more she looked at Joanna Lawrence, the more she liked her, so she held her hand and chatted for a while. 
Joanna Lawrence assumed that Madam Heath would ask her some questions about her family background. 
But until the conversation ended, Madam Heath didn’t mention a word about it. 
She only asked about her age, where she went to college and so forth. 
"Ashton has been worry-free since he was young. He is a very decisive and thoughtful child. Since he was ten, he’s been making his own decisions. Normally, families like ours would think about marriage alliances. His mother had introduced him to quite a few well-bred ladies of matching social and economic status, but Ashton didn’t fancy any." 
"If he doesn’t like them, we can’t force him. He had been hesitant to search for a partner, and all he did each day was work, making us worried that he would remain this way forever. Now that he’s married, the weight off my heart can finally be lifted." 
Madam Heath held Joanna’s hand and said, "I trust my grandson’s judgment, whoever Ashton chooses must be a good person. In future, you two must live a good life and strive to let me hold my great-grandchild as soon as possible." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Seeing Madam Heath’s slightly ambiguous smile, her face turned red all of a sudden. 
Her eyes darted around as she looked towards Ashton Heath, lost at what to do. 
To her surprise, Ashton Heath took a step forward, pulled her into his arms, kissed the top of her head, and then said to Madam Heath with a mildly curved lip, "Grandma, we will try our best." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
Try your best for what! 
Her face heated up even more. She raised her head and glared at him in a mixture of shyness and irritation. 
However, all she saw was a man’s tender and indulgent gaze. His dark, magnetic eyes full of indulgence - when he looked at her, everything else became background noise to him. It was as if she was the only one in his eyes. 
Her heart was in a skid, thudding at a faster pace. 
On the opposite sofa, Rebecca Kelloway watched this scene, the envy in her eyes once again apparent. 
Ashton Heath’s tenderness felt like a knife, ruthlessly stabbing into her heart. 
She had never dreamt that he would treat her this tenderly. 
She could tell that Ashton Heath truly liked Joanna Lawrence. 
If she had previously deluded herself into thinking that he married Joanna Lawrence and treated her well because of some other special reasons, then what about now? 
Was she still going to deceive herself? 
Would Ashton Heath, such a proud man, do all of this, if he truly didn’t like her?
###Chapter 260: Chapter 262: Madam Heath Must Have Done It on Purpose
If it were anyone else, there was a chance it could be an act. 
But Rebecca Kelloway knew Ashton Heath. He wouldn’t stoop to that level. 
The thought of him really falling for another woman was something Rebecca couldn’t accept. 
She had never thought of the day when Ashton Heath would fall in love with another woman and marry her. 
"Very well, you two keep it up!" Seeing her precious granddaughter-in-law bashfully leaning into her grandson’s embrace, and he looked at her with an utterly besotted expression. Madam Heath was genuinely happy to see the young husband and wife so in love. 
It seems like there’s hope of cuddling great-grandchildren next year. 
"Joanna, come with me, let me introduce you." Ashton Heath, holding Joanna Lawrence, turned around and slowly walked over to Lady Octavia, speaking softly, "This is my mom, you’ve already met Rebecca Kelloway, I don’t need to introduce her again, do I?" 
Joanna Lawrence lifted her head from his chest with a flush on her face. 
When she saw Lady Octavia, she was taken aback. 
She didn’t know if she was mistaken, but she seemed to see disdain in Lady Octavia’s eyes. 
Yet, in the blink of an eye, the disdain disappeared. 
Lady Octavia’s lips curled into a smile, looking quite amiable, and said, "Tedd just came and told us that Ashton brought Ms. Joanna home. We were all shocked as we thought he was joking. Turns out, it’s really true." 
"Your name is Joanna, isn’t it? You look like a very lovable child." 
"Lady Octavia..." Joanna Lawrence called out, realizing her mistake, she immediately corrected herself, "Mom." 
When she said "Mom", Lady Octavia’s smile froze. 
But in the next instant, she was all smiles again: "I don’t know what Madam gave you, but I’m sure it’s nothing compared to what she gave. Ashton’s wedding was so sudden, he didn’t inform us in advance, so I didn’t have time to prepare." 
As she spoke, she took off a bracelet from her wrist and handed it to Joanna Lawrence, "This bracelet is one of my cherished possessions. Now that I’m giving it to you, I hope that you won’t find it distasteful." 
Rebecca Kelloway was astonished when she saw Lady Octavia took off her own bracelet and gave it to Joanna Lawrence. A look of surprise appeared in her eyes. 
Soon, however, she understood. 
Lady Octavia must not like Joanna Lawrence at this point. 
The reason she did this was to save face and show Madam Heath and Ashton. 
Still, she felt a little uncomfortable. 
Even if it was just for show, the bracelet that Lady Octavia gave was too expensive. 
This jade bracelet, with such good quality, was worth at least tens of millions dollars. 
Joanna Lawrence was also surprised and quickly shook her head, "Madam White, this is something you love. How can I accept it?" 
Lady Octavia had already marked it as a cherished item. Of course, Joanna Lawrence dared not accept it. 
Taking someone’s treasure would certainly invite hatred. 
"Joanna, you should keep it," Madam Heath intervened. "This is just a token from Ashton’s mom. She likes you, that’s why she’s giving you this bracelet. If you don’t accept it, she’ll think you have something against her." 
Lady Octavia: "..."
She believed that Madam Heath was definitely doing this on purpose. 
She didn’t really want to give this bracelet away. 
That’s why she added the words "cherished item", so Joanna wouldn’t feel comfortable accepting it. 
But after Madam Heath said that, could she still refuse? 
Indeed, after hesitating for a few seconds, Joanna reached out and took the bracelet.
###Chapter 261: Chapter 263: If he wants to apologize, let him apologize to me personally.
"Thank you, Mom." Joanna Lawrence took the gift and politely expressed her gratitude. 
Lady Octavia: "..." 
Her heart ached. 
She genuinely liked that bracelet. 
"My mom does love this bracelet and she always wears it." Ashton Heath looked at the bracelet Joanna held and said with a smile, "Your skin is fair, so you’ll look good wearing jade. I’ll buy you a matching pair of earrings and necklace someday, so you can have a full set." 
His voice wasn’t loud, but Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway both heard it. 
Her own son wasn’t that attentive to her, so Lady Octavia felt jealous and complained, "The saying goes ’once you have a wife, you forget your mother,’ and it’s true. You always buy things for your wife, but when have you ever bought something for me?" 
Ashton Heath chuckled, "Mom, how can you be jealous of your own daughter-in-law? Haven’t you always wanted me to have a sister? Although I don’t have a sister now, you have a daughter-in-law, which is like having a daughter. I’m showing affection to your daughter, aren’t you happy about that?" 
Lady Octavia was briefly at a loss for words. 
She was initially planning to say she doesn’t accept this daughter. 
However, she understood Ashton’s personality. Now that he had chosen this woman, no one was allowed to say anything negative about her. 
If she openly embarrassed Joanna in front of everyone, the mother-son relationship would also become strained. 
She wouldn’t be so foolish. 
"Next month, there’s a jade jewelry auction, and I’ve seen a set that would suit you perfectly. Since you’ve given up something you love for Joanna, I’ll buy that set to make it up to you. Are you satisfied now?" 
Lady Octavia and Darren Heath were very affectionate towards each other. Even though she was already in her forties and a mother, Darren always treated her like a princess. 
Ashton followed their example, pampering Lady Octavia on a regular basis. 
As soon as Lady Octavia asked for jade jewelry, Ashton immediately agreed to buy it for her. 
"You said it," Lady Octavia smiled as she secured her jewelry, feeling her son’s attention and finally feeling a little more comfortable. 
"Yes, I did," he confirmed. 
Ashton Heath slightly raised the corner of his lips and whispered to Joanna, "Are you tired? Do you want to sleep? I can take you to the bedroom to rest."
Joanna wasn’t tired, but she still wanted to change locations. 
Although Madam Heath and Lady Octavia seemed like easygoing people and not too difficult to get along with, being in front of her elders made her feel uneasy. 
So, she nodded softly. 
"Okay, I’ll take you to the bedroom to rest for a while." 
Ashton Heath looked at Lady Octavia and Madam Heath and said, "Mom, Grandma, you’ve met her now, and it’s getting late, shouldn’t you go take a nap? I’m a bit tired, so I’ll go rest for a while. You can call me when it’s time for dinner." 
After saying goodbye, he hugged Joanna and prepared to leave. 
"Ashton." 
Just then, Rebecca’s voice rang out. 
Ashton frowned slightly and turned to look at her. 
Rebecca nervously clenched her sleeves, stood up, and gently bit her lip, "I want to apologize for Frank’s actions last time. He was too impulsive, and he regretted it not long after that day." 
Ashton stared at her for a few seconds, his frown deepening, then spoke coldly, "If he wants to apologize, he should do it himself. And the person he should be apologizing to isn’t me, it’s Joanna." 
His cold attitude made Rebecca’s face look a little uncomfortable. 
Rebecca could already sense it. 
Ever since their unpleasant parting last time, Ashton had been much colder towards her upon their next encounter.
###Chapter 262: Chapter 264: She Begins to Be Jealous of a Woman
He didn’t even greet her just now. 
He wouldn’t have been like this before. 
His attitude made Rebecca both sad and fearful, and her resentment towards Joanna deepened. 
Because she felt that Ashton Heath’s change was all because of Joanna Lawrence. 
Before Joanna came into their lives, they got along so well. 
Now that there is this woman, everything has become a little bitter. 
"Ashton, are you still angry? It’s all my fault..." Rebecca blinked, and her eyes turned red immediately, "It was me who asked you guys to come out for dinner that day. If it wasn’t for the welcome party for me, none of this would have happened..." 
"It has nothing to do with you." 
After all, they had known each other for over twenty years. Ashton softened his tone when he saw her like this, "I didn’t blame you. Don’t think about it anymore." 
"Do you really not blame me?" Rebecca was genuinely wronged. Just thinking about Ashton’s cold attitude towards her earlier made her want to cry, "I thought you were still angry with me." 
Ashton’s patience was particularly strong when it came to Joanna, but it couldn’t last long for others. 
After comforting Rebecca for a moment, he decided to leave: "I told you not to think about it anymore. This is between Frank and me. Don’t get involved in this again." 
After saying this, Ashton hugged Joanna and turned to leave. 
Rebecca stood in place, watching his retreating figure, her eyes gradually reddening. 
He has genuinely changed. 
Even though he said he wasn’t angry with her, his attitude still showed a sense of alienation. 
A deliberate alienation. 
Before, he had never been like this. 
Was his deliberate alienation an act for Joanna to see? 
Was it Joanna who told him to do this? 
In just a minute, thousands of thoughts went through Rebecca’s mind. 
In the end, she traced all the sources back to Joanna. 
All the changes happened after Ashton’s marriage. 
If he hadn’t gotten married, if he were still single now, they wouldn’t be like this; they would be as happy and harmonious as they were in the past. 
The resentment in her eyes could not be repressed and showed up. 
For the first time in her life, she began to hate a woman. 
"Rebecca?" A puzzled voice came from behind her, "What happened between you and Ashton?" 
Lady Octavia revealed her confusion as she had seen the scene just now. 
Rebecca blinked, quickly hiding the emotions in her eyes, turned around, and presented a nonchalant smile to Lady Octavia: "Lady Octavia, nothing. Just a small misunderstanding. I’ve already explained it to Ashton." 
Lady Octavia looked at her reddened eyes and frowned: "What exactly happened? What is the cause of the quarrel between Ashton and Frank? Is it severe?" 
Hearing their conversation, Madam Heath glanced at them. 
"What happened to Ashton and Frank? What are you talking about?" 
"Nothing, Madam Heath." Rebecca’s eyes flickered as she met Madam Heath’s questioning gaze, and she smiled, "It’s just a small matter, not worth worrying about. It’s getting late, and Madam Heath has a habit of taking a nap, right? I’ll help you back to your room to rest." 
Madam Heath stared at her for a few seconds, then nodded: "Hmm, I’ll go back and rest for a while." 
Rebecca immediately walked over.
###Chapter 263: Chapter 265: You’re Not Destined to Be My Granddaughter-in-law
"Madam Heath, let me help you." 
The old lady had some minor problems with her legs and walking was not very smooth. 
Rebecca carefully helped her stand up, softly reminding her, "Madam Heath, please take your time." 
After standing up, the old lady turned her head to glance at Rebecca, revealing a hint of regret and pity in her eyes. 
This girl from the Kelloway family was indeed not bad. 
In terms of family background, appearance, and personal abilities, she matched very well with her precious grandson. 
Moreover, this girl was considerate and filial. 
As elders, they all liked her very much. 
The Heath family and the Kelloway family had been close for generations, and the parents of both families had already thought about a marriage alliance. 
The Kelloway family was naturally very satisfied with Ashton Heath. On their side, they were also quite satisfied with the girl from the Kelloway family. 
However... 
No matter how much the parents approved and were satisfied, if the two younger ones didn’t see eye to eye, there was nothing they could do. 
Especially since her precious grandson was a very assertive person. He might compromise on some unimportant matters, but when it came to major life events concerning his lifelong happiness, he would never compromise. 
He wasn’t attracted to Rebecca, so no one could force or pressure him. 
As for Rebecca’s feelings, they were all aware of them. 
This girl had liked her precious grandson since she was a child. 
Although she had never spoken of it, they had all experienced love, and truly liking someone was not something that could be hidden. 
It was just that Ashton’s sudden flash marriage might have hurt her. 
However, Madam Heath was also a very clear-headed person. Although she liked Rebecca, now that her precious grandson was already married, no matter how much she liked Rebecca, she would never consider her as a granddaughter-in-law again. 
* 
Due to Madam Heath’s leg issue, there was an elevator installed on the floor leading to her bedroom. 
Madam Heath lived on the fourth floor. 
After exiting the elevator, Rebecca helped Madam Heath to the door of her bedroom. 
"Rebecca, Grandma has a few words to say to you." 
Madam Heath stood at the door, holding Rebecca’s hand, and looked serious. 
Rebecca’s face showed a well-mannered and charming smile, nodding gently and saying softly, "Yes, Madam Heath, please tell me, I am listening." 
Madam Heath looked at her for a moment, then sighed deeply, "Rebecca, Ashton’s mother and I have always liked you very much. All these years, Madam Heath has regarded you as a granddaughter. I thought that since you and Ashton grew up together, you would be the only woman close to him. If Ashton were to get married, I believed you would be his first choice." 
Rebecca, startled, her expression shifted, biting her lip, "Madam Heath..." 
"Good child." The old lady patted her hand gently, "It seems you are not destined to be my granddaughter-in-law. I know you still can’t let go of Ashton, but he’s married now, as you can see, he really likes Joanna." 
"I have watched Ashton grow up. I understand him. The person he chooses for himself is the one he’s determined to spend his life with. Rebecca, you are an outstanding girl, and besides Ashton, there are many other equally outstanding boys who are worthy of your affection." 
"You shouldn’t waste any more time on Ashton, you should also take a look at other boys around you." 
Before, although Rebecca liked Ashton Heath and had been unrequitedly in love with him for a long time, Madam Heath would not say anything. 
But now it’s different.
###Chapter 264: Chapter 266: She Won’t Quit
Her grandson was married and had a wife now. 
If Rebecca Kelloway still liked Ashton Heath as much as before, Madam Heath would feel it was inappropriate. 
So when Madam Heath pulled her aside to say these words, she was indirectly telling her that Ashton was married now, and she should keep some distance. 
Rebecca was intelligent, and she could clearly understand this. 
Her face changed several times while Madam Heath was speaking.
Though Madam Heath’s original intention was for her own good, the words sounded harsh to Rebecca. 
She didn’t take in a single word. 
She didn’t feel that Madam Heath was doing this for her, on the contrary, she felt that Madam Heath was being partial. 
They all knew that she and Ashton Heath had grown up together, and they all thought she would marry him in the future. 
Everyone thought they were the most compatible couple. 
So why should she step aside? 
Just because Ashton was married? 
But Lady Octavia herself had said that people could divorce after marriage. 
Nothing lasts forever and remains unchanged. 
Moreover, Rebecca didn’t think that Ashton’s marriage to Joanna Lawrence would last long. 
How much could two people with mismatched social status have in common? 
Even if their affection was genuine now, it was only out of novelty. 
How long would it last once that novelty wore off? 
So she would not give up. 
She could wait. 
She believed that within a year, Ashton would divorce Joanna. 
Just one year was all, she could wait for that. 
"Madam Heath, I understand." Rebecca had a different mindset in her heart, but on the surface, she was obedient and sensible. She responded obediently, "I understand what you mean. Don’t worry, since Ashton is married now, I will be mindful of my actions and not cause any trouble for him and Joanna." 
"Good child." Madam Heath said with a satisfied expression, "I knew you were sensible." 
* 
After sending Madam Heath back to her room, Rebecca returned downstairs. 
As she walked down the stairs, she saw a maid carrying a bowl of dark liquid. 
She glanced at it casually and asked curiously, "What is this? Where is it going?" 
Rebecca visited the Heath family often. 
Before Ashton’s marriage, the Heath family’s servants basically treated her as the future young lady of the Heath family. 
Even now that Ashton was married, the servants were still polite to her. 
Although she was not the young lady of the Heath family, she was still Ms. Kelloway. 
So when she asked, the maid immediately replied respectfully, "Ms. Kelloway, this is sweat tea." 
"Sweat Tea?" Rebecca was stunned, "What is it for?" 
"Mr. Ashton asked us to prepare it before he brought Ms. Joanna home. It should be for Ms. Joanna to drink." The maid hadn’t seen Rebecca’s face darken instantly, and she continued with a smile, "Drinking it during a girl’s monthly period can help alleviate pain." 
"That’s right." Another maid also smiled and said, "We never expected our Mr. Ashton to be so thoughtful and caring. He’s really good to Ms. Joanna. Not only did he ask us to prepare the sweat tea in advance, but he also instructed the kitchen to prepare some light dishes. It must be because Ms. Joanna is on her period and cannot eat too much spicy food." 
"We used to think that Mr. Ashton would never be gentle to women. But just now I saw him carrying Ms. Joanna upstairs and whispering in her ear. Oh, the way he looked at Ms. Joanna, it was so tender."
###Chapter 265: Chapter 267: I want all the information about Joanna Lawrence
Several maids chatted excitedly amongst themselves. 
After all, their Mr. Ashton used to be completely immune to women. 
They had even suspected if he was into men at one point. 
Now, Mr. Ashton is married, and he and his wife are so affectionate, proving that he indeed has a normal sexual orientation. 
It seems that Mr. Ashton was indifferent to other women, not because he wasn’t interested in women, but because he hadn’t met the one he liked. 
For the woman he likes, he behaves like a normal man. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face grew colder as the maids continued their discussion... 
Suddenly, the maids felt a cold gaze upon them, and when they looked up, they saw Rebecca’s icy face. They were startled and quickly shut their mouths. 
They glanced at each other, all feeling a bit regretful. 
How could they forget that Ms. Kelloway was in love with their Mr. Ashton? 
She had loved Mr. Ashton for so many years, but he never had romantic feelings for her. 
Now Mr. Ashton suddenly got married, and she must be in a terrible mood. 
Their earlier remarks were undoubtedly like rubbing salt in her wound. 
However, Rebecca had always given the impression of being gentle and lovely, noble and elegant. 
Seeing her looking so gloomy all of a sudden, her expression and gaze so different from usual, the maids were a little scared. 
"Ms. Kelloway, I’m going to take the sweat tea to Mrs. Joanna," said the maid holding the tray of sweat tea, lowering her head and quickly walking upstairs. 
The other maids also found excuses to leave one after the other. 
Rebecca stood there, thinking about what the maids just said, her teeth biting into her lip. 
Even though she knew that Ashton Heath’s relationship with that woman wouldn’t last, she couldn’t bear even their temporary happiness. 
What right did Joanna Lawrence have! 
What qualifications did she have for Ashton Heath to treat her so well! 
Rebecca stood still for a moment, growing more and more resentful. She took out her phone and sent a message: Frank, I want all the information about Joanna Lawrence; once you find it, send it to me as soon as possible. 
She knew that Frank Parker would help her.
Because Frank Parker loved her. 
She had always known that. 
* 
Back in the bedroom. 
Ashton Heath hugged Joanna Lawrence and walked to the bed. 
"Are you tired?" 
He touched her head gently, "If you are tired, sleep for a while, and I will wake you up for dinner." 
Joanna Lawrence was indeed a bit tired. 
Summer was already an exhausting season, and since she was on her period, she felt a lack of energy. 
She had just focused all her attention on dealing with Madam Heath and Lady Octavia, and now that she was relaxed, she felt drained. 
"Yeah." She nodded slightly, and her voice was muffled with sleepiness, "I’m a bit tired." 
Ashton Heath picked her up and gently placed her on the bed, "Then sleep for a while." 
"And you?" 
As soon as Joanna touched the bed, she yawned involuntarily. 
"I’ll be in the study for a while," Ashton sat down on the side of the bed and pulled a thin blanket over her, "I still have some unfinished business in the company, so I need to take care of it." 
When he did these things, it seemed natural and casual. 
And very skillful. 
As if he had been taking care of her for a long time already. 
Joanna Lawrence lowered her eyes, looked at the thin blanket on her body, pursed her lips, and a hint of sweetness appeared at the corners of her lips.
###Chapter 266: Chapter 268: All My Private Time Belongs to You
She pursed her lips and smiled, then looked up at him, puzzled, blinking, "Aren’t you the president? How can you be so busy, even working during the holiday?" 
Ashton Heath raised the corners of his lips, "I’ve just taken over the company, and there are many things that require my personal attention. But don’t worry, after this busy month, it won’t be like this anymore." 
"I’ll try my best to spend more time with you." 
"...That’s not what I meant." Joanna Lawrence was a little embarrassed. 
It sounded like she was complaining about him not having time for her.
"That’s not what you meant, but I want to spend more time with you." Ashton Heath’s gaze was tender as he looked at her. "Baby, don’t you want to have more time to be with me and stay by my side?" 
Under his intense and gentle gaze, Joanna’s heartbeat quickened, and her face began to heat up. 
"I do." Before she could answer, Ashton Heath hooked his lips and his voice became even more sultry, "Although I can’t be with you all the time, I promise that all my personal time outside of work will belong to you." 
Joanna’s heartbeat grew faster and faster. 
She felt like her face was about to burst into flames. 
How could this man, Ashton Heath, be so good at flirting? 
Didn’t he know how alluring his words were? 
She simply couldn’t resist his soft and affectionate approach. 
"Baby, can you agree to it?" Contrary to appearances, he didn’t seem to know how charming and attractive he was, showing a captivating smile and whispering his question in her ear with a deep and bewitching voice. 
Joanna felt like her ears were getting pregnant. 
Her head became dizzy. 
She thought Ashton was doing this on purpose. 
Showcasing his masculine charm in front of her. 
Even she, not being a fangirl, was overwhelmed by his overflowing masculine charm, feeling dizzy and disoriented. 
Her head seemed to belong to someone else, nodding involuntarily and obediently, "Yes." 
"Good girl." Ashton Heath chuckled softly, his warm hand cupping her delicate, fair face, lowering his head to press a gentle kiss on her soft lips. 
It was supposed to be a brief and light kiss. 
However, after tasting the sweetness of her lips, he couldn’t help but deepen the kiss. 
The light kiss turned into a deep one. 
The brief kiss became a passionate and lingering one. 
Joanna’s body was already weak, and after this long, ardent kiss, she felt even more powerless, collapsing into his arms. 
Her cheeks were flushed from the kiss, her eyes hazy, and her breath ragged. 
Ashton Heath’s breath was also slightly rushed as he nuzzled her nose. 
His scorching hand still cupped her delicate face, his eyes darkening as he looked at the flushed girl in his arms, her lips swollen from the kiss. 
There was a hint of hidden fire dancing in the depths of his eyes. 
Her porcelain skin, flushed from the heat, was like a ripe peach, exuding an alluring scent. 
His fingertips gently pressed against her soft skin, stroking it gently. 
He truly wanted... to devour her whole. 
The atmosphere in the room was a little sultry, the air filled with an ambiguous energy. 
A knock at the door suddenly broke the silence. 
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, suppressing the restless heat in his body, and asked hoarsely, "Who is it?"
###Chapter 267: Chapter 269: Joanna, can I come in?
"Mr. Ashton, your brown sugar tea is ready." 
A maid’s voice sounded outside the door. 
Ashton Heath bent down to kiss Joanna Lawrence’s forehead softly, murmured, "Drink the brown sugar tea then go to sleep, it will make you feel better. I’ll go get it for you." 
He let go of her and walked over to the door. 
Opening the door, he took the brown sugar tea from the maid, then turned back to the bedside. 
Joanna’s stomach no longer hurt. 
Seeing the brown sugar tea handed over by Ashton Heath, she reached out to take it and then drank it all at once. 
Ashton Heath stood by the bed, watching her finish, took the empty bowl, and then reached out to straighten the thin blanket on her: "You go to sleep, I’ll go to the study." 
Even in the midst of summer, Ashton Heath covered her securely. 
Except for her head, everything else was covered. 
Joanna held a corner of the thin blanket with one hand, her dark, soft eyes blinked, and she looked at the man standing by the bed somewhat absentmindedly. 
The man’s eyebrows softened, shedding the usual indifference and alienation, and even the aura around him was gentle. 
The gently raised corners of his lips carried a hint of indulgent laughter, and in his deep black eyes, there was also a trace of indulgence. 
His gaze at her, it was as if he was looking at something precious. 
With such a look, one couldn’t help but be defenseless. 
"What’s the matter?" 
Ashton Heath was about to leave, seeing her staring intently at him, he hooked his lips, leaned down, and touched her head. 
Staring at his increasingly handsome face, Joanna suddenly came to her senses, shook her head, "Nothing, you go and get busy with work, I’ll sleep." 
With that, she closed her eyes. 
He still had work matters to attend to, and she didn’t want to delay him. 
"Mm, I’m leaving then." 
Ashton Heath left a gentle kiss on her forehead, then walked away. 
At the doorway, he turned the indoor air conditioner up by two degrees after some thought. 
As soon as he turned around, Joanna opened her eyes. 
Seeing him adjusting the air conditioner, she felt a strange emotion in her heart. 
This marriage was one she had entered reluctantly. 
In the beginning, she had agreed to marry him for Jeremy Lawrence’s sake. 
Originally, she thought a marriage without feelings between them would be terrible. 
How could living with a man she didn’t love be good? 
But... 
Now she found that this marriage was not as bad as she had imagined. 
The feeling of being married wasn’t bad. 
Having a husband who doted on her and cared for her felt quite nice. 
Everything had turned out much, much better than she had anticipated. 
Maybe she should adjust her mindset. 
She should try to truly see Ashton Heath as her husband. 
* 
Ashton Heath went straight to the study after leaving the bedroom. 
His bedroom was on the third floor, and his study was on the second floor. 
Rebecca Kelloway, who had been watching him from the corner of the stairs, slowly emerged after he went downstairs. 
She walked uncertainly to the outside of Ashton Heath’s bedroom, hesitated for a few seconds, and then knocked on the door. 
In the room. 
Joanna barely closed her eyes, but she heard someone knocking on the door before she could even drift off to sleep. 
She thought Ashton Heath might have forgotten something, but on second thought, would he need to knock on his own bedroom door? 
While she was speculating who it might be, she heard a soft voice: "Joanna, can I come in?" 
Joanna was startled, her eyes showing a trace of surprise.
###Chapter 268: Chapter 270: She’s Not Quite What She Imagined
It was Rebecca Kelloway’s voice. 
Perhaps because Joanna hadn’t answered immediately, the knocking sound came again: "Joanna, I have a few words I’d like to talk to you about. May I come in and talk to you?" 
Before Joanna could respond, the bedroom door was pushed open with a "click." 
Rebecca walked in from the outside. 
Seeing Joanna lying in bed with her eyes open, Rebecca frowned and said somewhat discontentedly, "I thought you were asleep, but you weren’t." 
Joanna had no real issues with this woman who secretly loved her husband. 
Firstly, Rebecca had known Ashton Heath before her. 
They had been close for many years. 
Secondly, she knew very well that Ashton did not have other intentions towards Rebecca, treating her only as a friend. 
She had no reason to be jealous or to feel insecure. 
However, Rebecca’s behavior of entering someone else’s bedroom without permission made Joanna somewhat unhappy. 
She was supposed to be a well-bred lady. 
Before receiving permission, she should know the rule not to enter someone’s room carelessly. 
Moreover, she came back together with Ashton today. 
Was it really okay to just barge into the bedroom of a husband and wife without asking? 
This behavior made Joanna feel that Rebecca was quite ill-mannered. 
With a somewhat displeased expression, Joanna said in a not-so-polite tone, "Ms. Kelloway, I don’t recall giving you permission to come in. You shouldn’t barge into someone’s room. Your behavior is quite rude." 
Joanna had always appeared gentle and fragile to Rebecca; someone easy to bully.
Now, being reprimanded so bluntly by Joanna, Rebecca was taken aback and then offered a smile of apology, "I’m sorry, I knocked earlier but thought you didn’t hear it, so I came in on my own." 
Although she was apologizing, Joanna did not see any hint of remorse in her eyes. 
For such insincere apologies, Joanna had no intention of accepting them. 
"If you knocked and I didn’t say you could come in, that means it’s not convenient. You should be aware of this, Ms. Kelloway." Joanna’s words were utterly unkind. "Ms. Kelloway, I was sleeping, and you disturbed me." 
The elegant smile on Rebecca’s face wavered as she was confronted by Joanna again and again, struggling to maintain it. 
Suddenly, she found Joanna quite different from what she had imagined. 
"Ms. Kelloway, I need to sleep." Joanna raised her head and looked at her, "Please leave, and remember to take the door with you when you go." 
Rebecca’s smile froze. 
Her gaze darkened, and she withdrew the smile. Speaking again, she changed her address: "Ms. Joanna, I have a few words I’d like to say to you. After I’m done, I’ll leave naturally. I assume you’re not in a hurry to sleep right now." 
Hearing the change in address, Joanna sighed inwardly, knowing the confrontation was inevitable. 
Rebecca harbored no little animosity towards her, so if she continued to hold back and do nothing, Joanna would find it unusual. 
It seemed Rebecca couldn’t hold back any longer. 
This Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family was not so good at holding her temper. 
Joanna was quite curious to hear what she had to say and nodded, "Alright, what does Ms. Kelloway want to say?" 
Rebecca pursed her lips, her hostile gaze falling on Joanna’s slightly swollen lips. She stared for a few seconds, her eyes turning cold: "I presume Ms. Joanna already knows about Ashton’s peculiar issue. He can’t touch women casually, otherwise, he’ll have an allergic reaction."
###Chapter 269: Chapter 271: What’s the relationship with Susan White?
"It was one of the reasons why he has been single for so many years. Of course, there’s another reason - he’s too particular. Ordinary women hardly ever catch his eye. Miss Joanna, you must know Susan White, right? Years ago, she was a highly popular newcomer in the music industry." 
"Not only was Susan a good singer, but she was also very beautiful with a particularly sexy and sizzling figure. Any normal man would find it hard to resist her charm." 
Susan White? 
As someone in the entertainment industry, Joanna Lawrence was of course familiar with this person. 
Even if she hadn’t been in the entertainment industry, she would certainly know her. 
Three years ago, Susan White participated in a talent show and won first place in a singing competition. 
Susan’s voice was very unique, extremely ethereal, and she had released several albums that sold like hotcakes. 
The concerts she held were all sold out. 
Not only was she extremely talented, but she was also fiercely attractive. After her official debut, she quickly rose to fame. 
With Susan’s talent and resources, she could have gone even further and steadier. 
However, for some unknown reason, while her prospects seemed so promising, she suddenly held a press conference saying she was retiring, and then she really did retire. 
Ever since then, there was hardly any news about Susan White. 
It was as if this woman had vanished into thin air. 
Joanna Lawrence did not understand why Rebecca Kelloway suddenly brought up Susan White. 
"What does the matter you’re about to discuss with me have to do with Susan White?" 
Joanna Lawrence did not like beating around the bush, so she asked directly. 
Rebecca Kelloway chuckled with a triumphant look in her eyes, then said, "Do you know why Susan White announced her retirement when she was at the peak of her fame? Because she did something she shouldn’t have done, and angered Ashton." 
"If she hadn’t done so, she would have been blocked from the entertainment industry, and she wouldn’t be able to remain in it anyway." 
Joanna Lawrence was startled. 
Susan White’s retirement had something to do with Ashton Heath? 
She had to admit, Rebecca Kelloway had piqued her curiosity. She couldn’t help but ask, "What did she do?" 
Rebecca Kelloway smirked, her eyes full of contempt, "She was the lover of one of Ashton’s friends, and she attended a party with him. Ashton was also at that party. She fell in love with Ashton at first sight." 
"Afterward, she tried all kinds of methods to woo Ashton. Unfortunately, Ashton wasn’t interested in her." 
"When she realized her attempts were futile, she threw all caution to the wind and somehow found out Ashton’s whereabouts. She sneaked into Ashton’s room, stripped naked, and hid in his bed, hoping to seduce him with her body." 
"When Ashton discovered her, he was so angry he immediately ordered his bodyguard to throw her out of his room." 
Joanna Lawrence was left speechless. 
So, Susan White was forced to retire because she had tried to seduce Ashton Heath? 
And she stripped naked and lay in his bed to seduce him? 
This information was a bit too overwhelming - so much so that Joanna didn’t quite know what to say. 
Back then, many people were speculating about the reasons behind Susan White’s retirement. 
But after all the guessing, everyone got it wrong. 
Who would have thought the real reason was this? 
"So, what does this have to do with what you’re about to tell me?" Joanna, still shocked, didn’t forget the main topic. 
"Miss Joanna, a sexy bombshell like Susan White hounded Ashton for so long, even resorting to seduction, and still Ashton never gave her a second glance. Miss Joanna, how do you think you compare to Susan White?"
###Chapter 270: Chapter 272: Does Ms. Kelloway think I’m not good enough for Ashton Heath?
Rebecca Kelloway’s lips curled in a gentle smile, and her tone was soft and tender. 
Upon seeing the smile on Rebecca’s face, Joanna Lawrence finally understood why she brought up Susan White’s situation. 
It was to put her down. 
She had never intended to be true enemies with Rebecca Kelloway. 
To Joanna, it would be a bothersome matter. 
However, facing such provocation, she couldn’t just take it without doing anything. 
After looking at Rebecca for a while, she too smiled: "Ms. Kelloway, do you think I’m not worthy of Ashton Heath?" 
Rebecca smiled: "Oh, Ms. Joanna, don’t misunderstand. I didn’t say that. I’m just telling you what I know about the situation, so you can get to know Ashton better. After all, he’s your husband now, isn’t he?" 
"You haven’t known each other for very long, so I suppose Ms. Joanna doesn’t know him very well. Ashton, since childhood, has been very picky. He doesn’t want anything but the best. He demands a lot not only from others but also from himself, always striving for perfection." 
"Frankly speaking, I was quite surprised when I found out he got married out of the blue. Because, with his temperament, he would never do something like a flash marriage. He’s very cautious about his own marriage, even more so about choosing his life partner." 
"But, thinking about it now, I can understand. After all, Ms. Joanna is the only woman who won’t cause him to have an allergic reaction, which is indeed quite special and rare. If Ashton wants to cure his condition, he has to live with Ms. Joanna for a long time, making it easier for Denver Lancaster to study the possible reasons." 
At this point, Rebecca paused for a moment, appearing to be deep in thought. A few seconds later, she looked at Joanna again with a smiling face: "Speaking of which, I’m quite curious about something. You and Ashton didn’t know each other before, right? How did he find out that touching you wouldn’t cause an allergic reaction? Miss Joanna, can you help me with my confusion?" 
Rebecca was genuinely puzzled. 
Ashton Heath wouldn’t let any woman get close to him, let alone touch him. 
She was no exception. 
So, how did Joanna get close to him? 
Without his permission, how could she even approach Ashton? 
Listening to Rebecca’s words, Joanna’s expression remained calm. 
She had known of Rebecca’s hostility towards her for a while. 
What harsh words can a jealous woman not say? 
What Rebecca said was actually quite gentle. 
As a lady from the noble Kelloway family, she wouldn’t resort to the vulgar insults of an ordinary shrew. 
However, these insinuations were enough to suffocate her. 
Joanna stared at Rebecca’s smiling eyes for a moment and then slowly curled her lips: "Ms. Kelloway, are you implying that Ashton Heath married me just because I don’t cause him to have allergic reactions?" 
"Without this special ability, he wouldn’t even spare me a glance?" 
First, Rebecca used Susan White as an example to belittle her, then hinted that Ashton only married her because she was the only woman who wouldn’t cause him to have an allergic reaction. 
In short, after all that had been said, wasn’t it just to tell her that Ashton didn’t even like her? 
Once the doctor figures out the specific reason and develops a countermeasure, she will lose all her value to Ashton Heath.
###Chapter 271: Chapter 273: Ms. Joanna doesn’t mind at all?
Rebecca Kelloway probably thought that such words could hurt Joanna Lawrence, making her lose confidence and feel sad and upset. 
If that was her intention, then she had miscalculated. 
Joanna didn’t feel hurt at all, let alone sad and upset about it. 
"Don’t read too much into my words, Ms. Joanna," Rebecca Kelloway refused to admit. "I was just stating some facts. As for why Ashton wanted to marry you, I couldn’t possibly know." 
Hehe. 
Joanna couldn’t help but smile sarcastically in her heart. 
Rebecca obviously meant exactly that, but now she wouldn’t admit it? 
If Rebecca had told her directly that she didn’t like her, didn’t want to see her with Ashton Heath, and that Joanna was not worthy of Ashton, Joanna might have appreciated her straightforwardness. 
But such a roundabout sarcastic way, not admitting it, made Joanna feel disgusted. 
Such behavior was beneath Joanna’s contempt. 
"Is there anything else Ms. Kelloway wants to tell me?" 
Joanna Lawrence was really too lazy to deal with her, her tone even carried a bit of impatience: "If you’re done, please leave. I’m tired and want to rest." 
Rebecca Kelloway was stunned. 
Seeing Joanna seemingly not caring at all, her brows knitted together little by little. 
Joanna’s reaction was different from what she had imagined. 
She thought Joanna would be angry and ashamed. 
Or feel inferior, or be heartbroken about it. 
No matter which reaction it was, as long as it made Joanna uncomfortable and unhappy, Rebecca would feel much better. 
But... 
Joanna didn’t show any signs of sadness or upset. 
She seemed completely indifferent. 
As if the matter had nothing to do with her. 
Seeing her like this, Rebecca became even more irritated: "Ms. Joanna isn’t bothered at all?" 
She didn’t believe that Joanna was really not bothered about it, it must be an act. 
Joanna raised an eyebrow: "Bothered about what?" 
Rebecca’s eyes were heavy: "If Ashton only married you because of that particular reason, and he has no love for you, wouldn’t you mind?" 
"Is Ms. Kelloway worried about me?" Joanna Lawrence laughed. "However, no matter why Ashton and I got married, it is a matter between the two of us, and it has nothing to do with an outsider like Ms. Kelloway." 
When she said the word "outsider", Joanna emphasized her tone. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face changed suddenly, and her expression finally began to crack: "Does Ms. Joanna really think that once you have married Ashton, you can secure the position of the young lady of the Heath family?" 
"That has nothing to do with you either." 
Joanna Lawrence became more and more impatient, unwilling to deal with her anymore, and gave her the hint to leave once again: "Ms. Kelloway, can you leave now?" 
Being "expelled" so rudely again and again, Rebecca, who valued her face, couldn’t bear it. 
Her face lost all its elegance and fake smiles, her eyes darkened, and she stared at Joanna Lawrence coldly for a while before sneering: "I hope Ms. Joanna can always be so confident. I am looking forward to seeing how long Joanna can remain the lady of the Heath family." 
"Thank you." Joanna Lawrence pointed to the door. "Take your time leaving." 
Rebecca’s lips tightened, her gloomy eyes stared at Joanna for a full minute or so before leaving with a cold face. 
* 
The moment the door closed, Joanna didn’t feel the slightest bit sleepy anymore. 
After being messed with by Rebecca Kelloway, she had no mood to sleep. 
Although she didn’t take Rebecca seriously, being sarcastically mocked by someone for no reason did affect her mood.
###Chapter 272: Chapter 274: Men are All Big Pigs’ Feet
This conversation truly overturned her impression of Rebecca Kelloway. 
Although she had felt Rebecca’s hostility at the dinner party before, there were other people present at that time, and Rebecca’s behavior seemed quite normal. 
She didn’t do anything that was out of her status. 
But just now... 
That woman full of jealousy and talking with a strange tone, she didn’t seem like a well-bred lady at all. 
Even though she wasn’t as exaggerated as an ordinary shrew, that jealous look on her face was quite hard to tolerate. 
Even if she comes from a noble background and is very beautiful, once jealousy arises in her heart and is expressed, her original image will suffer greatly. 
Thinking that all this was because of Ashton Heath, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but feel some anger towards him. 
It was him who caused all the romantic troubles, so why was she the one suffering? 
Sensing her discomfort, she picked up her phone and sent Ashton Heath a text message: Men are all big pigs, hmph! 
* 
Ashton Heath, who was working in the study, heard his phone vibrate, glanced down and saw that Joanna had sent him a message. He released his hand from the mouse and picked up his phone. 
After reading it, he saw: Men are all big pigs, hmph! 
Ashton Heath: "....." 
He didn’t understand what this sentence meant, but out of curiosity, he immediately replied: ? 
From the other side, Joanna responded instantly: Ashton Heath, do you like me? 
Seeing this reply, Ashton Heath was stunned for a while. 
He held his phone, read, and pondered the message Joanna had sent several times, wondering why she would suddenly ask this. 
Perhaps he pondered a bit too long, as Joanna grew impatient waiting for his reply, and sent another message: Forget it, don’t bother replying. Just pretend I didn’t ask. 
Ashton Heath’s brows furrowed. 
He asked: What’s wrong with you? 
Joanna: Nothing, it’s nothing, go back to your work, don’t mind me. 
Ashton Heath stared at the phone for a few seconds, looked up at the unfinished documents, resolutely closed his computer, and walked towards the door. 
He felt something was off with Joanna. 
At this time, she should be sleeping. 
But she suddenly sent him a text message, and it contained some inexplicable words. 
He couldn’t rest easy, so he had to go and check on her. 
Upon reaching the door, he opened it to find Tedd standing outside with one hand poised to knock on the door. 
"Mr. Ashton," seeing him, Tedd immediately greeted him with reverence. 
Ashton Heath responded softly: "Tedd, what’s up?" 
Tedd nodded and recounted what he had just seen: "Mr. Ashton, I just saw Ms. Kelloway leaving your bedroom. She didn’t look well. I was worried that she and Ms. Joanna had some unpleasant argument, so I came to tell you." 
Actually, Tedd wasn’t really worried about any grievances that Rebecca might suffer. 
He was more concerned about Joanna. 
In the Heath family, who didn’t know about Rebecca Kelloway’s affection for Mr. Ashton? 
With her noble upbringing and stunning appearance, coupled with her suitable marriage age, countless families with matching social and economic status wanted to join the Kelloway family. 
Over the years, more and more people introduced Rebecca to potential suitors. 
Among those suitors, there were quite a few outstanding scions of wealthy families too. 
But Rebecca turned them all down. 
She didn’t even meet them, the answer was a direct no. 
Didn’t all this happen because their Mr. Ashton was the only one in her heart, and the only one she wanted to marry?
###Chapter 273: Chapter 275: What does Rebecca Kelloway feel for you?
She must be deeply in love to be acting like this. It seems she really likes Mr. Ashton. 
Now that Mr. Ashton suddenly got married, it’s definitely a huge blow to Rebecca Kelloway.
I’m worried she might not be able to handle it and do something impulsive and hurtful. 
So, as soon as Tedd saw her walk out of Ashton Heath’s bedroom with a cold face, he immediately went to report to Ashton Heath. 
"Rebecca went to my room?" Ashton Heath furrowed his brows. 
"Yes." Tedd nodded. 
Ashton Heath thought of the text messages Joanna Lawrence had just sent him, his gaze sank, and his face clearly didn’t look too good. 
* 
After sending that text message to Ashton Heath, Joanna Lawrence immediately regretted it. 
She originally wanted to take it back, but felt that he must have seen it already. 
To take it back now would be even more embarrassing. 
When she sent it, she felt a bit of regret. 
But after waiting for a while and not getting a response from him, she felt upset and uncomfortable. 
As expected, did he really not have any romantic feelings for her like Rebecca said? 
When she asked him if he liked her or not earlier, it was actually a little bit out of spite. 
She felt depressed by Rebecca’s comment. 
She didn’t get a reply from him for quite some time, and now she found herself feeling even more depressed. 
She threw her phone to one side, feeling irritated, and pulled a thin blanket over her head. 
Just as she was wrapped up in the blanket and rolled over, she heard the sound of the door being opened, and footsteps followed. 
She thought it was Rebecca entering again. 
Already holding back her anger, this repeated intrusive behavior inflamed her rage even more. She angrily threw off the blanket and sat up, yelling at the intruder, "Ms. Kelloway, your behavior is truly uncouth. I don’t care what you want to talk about, but please leave now. Otherwise, don’t blame me for not saving your face." 
"What did Rebecca just say to you?" 
Ashton Heath walked into the bedroom and was immediately yelled at by Joanna Lawrence. 
Hearing her mention Rebecca, his face darkened, and he quickly walked towards her. 
"Ashton Heath?" 
Joanna was surprised at seeing him coming in. 
Wasn’t he working? 
Ashton Heath walked to her bedside, looked down at her, and said, "Tedd said he just saw Rebecca enter your room. Did she say anything to you?" 
Joanna looked at him for a few seconds, "You came here because of this?" 
"Yes." 
Ashton Heath sat down by the bed, wrapping her in his arms with the thin blanket still draped over her, "Did she say anything unpleasant that upset you?" 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have reacted like that when he entered her room. 
They probably didn’t have a pleasant conversation. 
His familiar and enchanting scent filled the air. 
As Joanna leaned against his warm chest, smelling his pleasant scent, she felt the irritability in her heart diminish. 
Her heart seemed to be much more at ease. 
She paused quietly for a few seconds and sighed softly, "You told me before that you only see Rebecca as your sister?" 
"Yes." Ashton Heath hesitated for a moment before asking, "Why?" 
With a hint of helplessness, Joanna stared at him, "So, what do you think Rebecca’s feelings for you are?" 
Of course, she wouldn’t doubt his words. 
He said he saw Rebecca as a sister, so he must genuinely treat her like that. 
Otherwise, they would have gotten together a long time ago if they had romantic feelings for each other. 
Though he wasn’t sure why she was asking this, Ashton thought carefully before answering, "As for her feelings towards me, she naturally sees me as her older brother.
###Chapter 274: Chapter 276: Are You Jealous?
The Kelloway family has two daughters, and among our group of close friends, only Frank and I are older than her. Since she was young, she’s always liked sticking with us, calling us brothers." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She felt that there really were no perfect people in this world. 
For example, someone like Ashton Heath. Although he has an extremely smart mind and can manage a company with hundreds of thousands of employees, he clearly isn’t as skilled when it comes to love and relationships.
He couldn’t even tell if Rebecca Kelloway liked him or not. 
She only met Rebecca once, and she could tell. 
They’ve known each other for over twenty years, and he actually believed that Rebecca only saw him as a brother? 
Too naive. 
"Is there a problem?" Seeing her expression of unspeakable difficulty, Ashton Heath asked doubtfully. 
Facing his questioning eyes, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but sigh again: "Haven’t you ever thought that Rebecca might like you?" 
Ashton Heath was stunned, surprise and disbelief showing in his dark eyes, and his eyebrows furrowed immediately: "She likes me?" 
Seeing his reaction, Joanna Lawrence suddenly thought that Rebecca was a bit pitiable too. 
She had liked him for so many years, and her feelings were quite obvious, yet he didn’t notice at all. 
As you can see. 
With a man like Ashton Heath, if someone had a secret crush on him and didn’t directly tell him, he would probably never know until the end. 
"Yes." Joanna Lawrence chuckled. "You never noticed?" 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows furrowed even more: "Who told you? Did she tell you?" 
"She didn’t say." Joanna Lawrence shook her head. "I figured it out myself. I guess a girl like Rebecca is quite proud. If she likes someone, she probably won’t tell them directly." 
She thought Rebecca was waiting for Ashton Heath to make a move. 
Who would have thought, after waiting for so many years, she suddenly found out that Ashton Heath was not interested in her at all, and even had an allergic reaction to women. 
And then, they had a flash marriage. 
Rebecca had liked him for so many years, and never confessed before. On the one hand, it was because of her pride, and on the other hand, there was no sense of crisis. 
After all, Ashton Heath wasn’t interested in women. 
She must have never thought that there would come a day when Ashton Heath would suddenly get married in a flash. 
Now the reason she couldn’t hold back anymore was that she felt a sense of crisis. 
Previously, even if Ashton Heath didn’t belong to her, he belonged to no other woman either. 
But now, he’s already a married man. 
Ashton Heath looked very surprised. 
It seemed as if he had never thought about it at all. 
He furrowed his eyebrows and fell silent for a moment, the deep, dark eyes looking at Joanna Lawrence: "Are you jealous?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
Where did he see that she was jealous? 
"Don’t worry." Ashton Heath fell silent again for a while, and then seriously said, "Whether it’s in the past or now, I only have brotherly affection for her. I can’t control how she thinks, but I know very well what I think." 
"Rebecca Kelloway will never be a threat to you." 
It seemed like he was trying to assure her. 
Joanna Lawrence’s mouth twitched: "Well... I’m not jealous. Actually, even though we’re already married, we got married because of certain reasons. So, I... don’t mind whether other women like you or you like someone else." 
"I just hope that the women you attract don’t come to me. I... I’m not very good at handling these matters. You’ve known Ms. Kelloway for so many years, and I don’t want my poor handling to affect your relationship."
###Chapter 275: Chapter 277: He Becomes Aggressive
"Anyway, as long as you don’t find me, I’m OK." 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence finished explaining, she felt the air around her cool down all of a sudden. 
It was as if the temperature had suddenly dropped below zero. 
So cold that goosebumps appeared on her arms. 
And the man who held her had turned into an air-conditioning unit, constantly emitting cold air. 
Joanna looked up at his increasingly gloomy face, hesitated for a moment, and became nervous: "Ashton Heath, you... " 
"You wouldn’t mind if I liked other women? You’re OK?" His sexy and good-looking thin lips formed a cold curve, and every word he spoke seemed to be wrapped in ice, exuding chilliness. 
The cold air hit Joanna’s face, making her pores contract into her skin. 
Ashton Heath was angry? 
She stared at him for a few seconds, opened her mouth: "I..." 
His long fingers pinched her jaw, exerting a slight force, and a hint of anger appeared in his deep eyes: "Joanna Lawrence, do you not have a heart? Didn’t you listen to anything I said earlier?" 
Joanna was frightened by his appearance. 
She blinked her eyes, her gaze filled with panic, and her jaw hurt from his pinch, leaving a red mark on her delicate skin. 
"Ashton Heath, let go of me." 
Joanna reached out to push him, but she couldn’t budge him. 
The man’s eyes wrapped in anger stared at her fixedly. After a while, he suddenly raised the corner of his lips and laughed. His laughter was filled with sarcasm: "Should I not have wasted my efforts on you? No matter how good I am to you, in your heart, I can’t compare to your childhood sweetheart with ten years of history?" 
"Even if that man betrayed you, he still occupies the most important place in your heart?" 
"Do you just wish that I’d like another woman so that you can have an excuse to divorce me?" 
"If it weren’t for my threat to Jeremy Lawrence, you wouldn’t have wanted to marry me in the first place." 
The sarcasm in the man’s eyes became thicker, and his words became more hurtful: "Did you tell me Rebecca Kelloway likes me because you’re hoping I’ll like her too? Joanna Lawrence, have you ever thought about accepting this marriage, accepting me?" 
"Are you just waiting for me to finish the surgery for Jeremy Lawrence, and then you’ll find an excuse to divorce me?" 
His anger clouded his judgment. 
Upon hearing Joanna say that she wouldn’t mind him liking other women, his anger surged instantly, and he couldn’t control himself. 
Was this woman an ingrate? 
Did she not have any feelings no matter how good he was to her? 
Otherwise, how could she say such things? 
He had said so much to her before, thinking that she might have taken some of it to heart. 
Now it seems that it was all in vain. 
She never really considered accepting him. 
He was too naive to think that she had really given up on David Benington. 
She and David had been in a relationship for ten years, and how long had they been apart? 
How could she not care about him? 
The thought that another man still occupied her heart, and that man was her ex-fiance, who was nearly married to her, Ashton Heath couldn’t help but feel jealous. 
Men are just like women. 
Once jealousy takes over, they become irrational. 
He became aggressive, unreasonable, and his words became more and more sharp and hurtful. 
Joanna Lawrence was completely terrified.
###Chapter 276: Chapter 278 Baby, I’m Sorry
Since Joanna knew Ashton Heath, no matter what he was like in front of others, he was always gentle towards her. 
He indulged her so much that even Jeremy Lawrence felt it was excessive. 
After living with him for some time, Joanna almost forgot what his original character was like. 
He was not a gentle person in nature, he was just relatively gentle in front of her. 
He was not good at spoiling anyone, but he spoiled her more than others. 
Joanna had gotten used to his indulgence, feeling that Ashton was a very easy-going person in front of her, and she could be unrestrained. 
He suddenly showed such a terrifying side that she froze in his arms, her mind going blank, unable to say a word. 
Her silence, in Ashton’s view, was a tacit admission. 
The man’s anger grew worse, jealousy causing his blood to rise, wanting to destroy David Benington immediately. 
No matter what method he used. 
In his rage, his fingers gripped her chin more tightly: "Why don’t you say something? Is it because I guessed your thoughts, so you have nothing to say?" 
Joanna’s skin was delicate. 
Just a slight pinch would cause it to turn red. 
Being gripped so forcefully by him, several marks were left on her chin. 
Her small face wrinkled in pain, yet she bit her lip and didn’t make a sound. 
"Are you going to say anything?" Her silence made Ashton irritable. 
He lowered his gaze to her and angrily said, "Joanna Lawrence, you..." 
His voice stopped abruptly. 
When he met her teary red eyes and saw the red marks on her chin, his anger and jealousy were all replaced by remorse and regret. 
"I’m sorry." He quickly released his hand, and when he saw the conspicuous red handprint on her chin, he was even more distressed. 
When he said "I’m sorry," Joanna’s tears could no longer be held back.
She blinked, and tears streamed down her cheeks. 
Warm tears slid down her face, dripping onto Ashton’s hand. 
It was as if he was scalded, and his hand froze in midair. 
At that moment, Joanna felt incredibly wronged. 
She was so wronged that her tears could not be controlled and flowed out. 
Once she started crying, the tears wouldn’t stop, constantly falling down. In no time, her face was all wet. 
Silently, hot tears dripped onto Ashton’s hand. 
"Baby, I’m sorry," as soon as Joanna started to cry, Ashton didn’t know what to do. 
He felt completely helpless. 
He lowered his head to gently kiss her wet eyes and used his sleeve to wipe her tears away. 
More than half of his sleeve was soaked with her tears. 
Instead of stopping, Joanna’s tears flowed even more. 
She made no sound when she cried, but her shoulders kept trembling. Her eyes were red and swollen, and she looked like she was about to lose her breath. 
"Baby, I’m sorry, it’s my fault. Don’t cry, my heart will shatter when you cry." Ashton’s anger blinded by jealousy evaporated completely when he saw Joanna’s red eyes. 
Regret filled his heart when he came back to his senses. 
He had promised not to let her suffer any grievances. 
But now, the person who caused her grief and made her cry was himself. 
Even if she angered him, he should not have been so harsh on her, let alone stab her with those words.
###Chapter 277: Chapter 279: I Won’t Take These Words Seriously
If she really had David Benington in her heart, his actions would only push her further away. 
Joanna Lawrence was still crying, her freshly wiped eyes quickly becoming wet again. 
She felt extremely wronged in her heart. 
This was the first time Ashton Heath had been so harsh on her, the first time he had appeared so frightening in front of her. 
It was as if he had turned into another person. 
At that moment, Joanna found him so unfamiliar. 
She was terrified in her heart and wanted to escape. 
The more Ashton tried to comfort and console her, the more tears fell from her eyes, like beads falling off a broken string, unable to stop. 
He actually accused her of still having David in her heart!
He even accused her of constantly thinking about divorcing him! 
How could he be so excessive!! 
Perhaps in his heart, he never truly trusted her. 
He had always been suspicious that she still had lingering feelings for David Benington, and had already doubted her once before. 
This time, it was just that in his anger, he had spoken his mind again. 
He had never really trusted her. 
The more Joanna thought about it, the colder her heart grew, and she felt so wronged that she didn’t even want to bother with Ashton anymore. 
In her ear, the man’s deep magnetic voice carried regret, constantly apologizing to her. 
Joanna sniffed, stretched out her hand to wipe away her tears, and slowly withdrew from his embrace. 
Ashton Heath didn’t dare stop her, fearing that if he did, her emotions would become even more agitated. 
"Baby, I’m sorry, I take back everything I just said." He looked at the girl curled up into a ball, burying her head and constantly wiping away her tears, and felt thousands of regrets in his heart. 
He reached out, wanting to help her wipe away her tears. 
She dodged his touch by tilting her head. 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows furrowed tightly. 
"Baby, I..." 
Before he could even finish his apology, Joanna suddenly raised her head, her eyes red and swollen from crying, and looked at him, her voice hoarse with absolute distance and coldness: "Since you think I’m still hung up on David Benington, then let’s divorce." 
She said defiantly, "That’s right, I can’t forget him, and I’ve always wanted to divorce you. Ashton Heath, let’s divorce. You wouldn’t want to be with a woman who still has another man in her heart, right? So, let’s just divorce." 
"You can find a woman who truly likes you. I’m not suitable for you." 
Ashton Heath’s face changed instantly. 
Upon hearing the word "divorce," his face darkened immediately. 
When she mentioned not being able to forget David, his eyes were filled with gloom. 
He knew she was just saying this out of anger, but he was still deeply upset by her words. 
"Joanna, don’t say things out of anger." He pursed his lips and remained silent for a moment, taking a deep breath to suppress the anger in his heart, not wanting to scare her further. "It was my fault just now. You can be angry, you can even hit me or scold me, but don’t casually mention divorce." 
"I’ve told you, I won’t divorce you." 
After wiping her tears for a while, Joanna looked up at him and laughed: "Ashton Heath, you’re such a proud man, can you really bear to have a wife who has another man in her heart? You’re right, I’ve known David for ten years, and our feelings can’t be erased just by saying we’ll forget. If I can’t forget him in my heart, can you really accept that?" 
"Don’t say any more." Ashton stood up with a cold face, standing by the bed and looking down at her with hidden endurance and gloom in his eyes. "I know you’re still angry, so everything you’re saying is out of anger. I won’t take it seriously."
###Chapter 278: Chapter 280: You Don’t Care About My Feelings
"Don’t even think about divorce. As long as you’re my wife, you’ll be my wife for the rest of your life." 
"Joanna, you think I wronged you, so you’re angry with me and deliberately say things that will make me angry. But have you ever thought about how those words you said just now make me feel?" 
As he said this, he paused briefly, and finally, a hint of self-mocking smile appeared at the corner of his lips: "You don’t care about my feelings, right? Otherwise, how could you deliberately stab me in the heart with a knife." 
Joanna was startled, her eyes widened a bit. 
Ashton Heath looked straight into her tear-swollen eyes, he curved his lips, but there was no trace of laughter in his eyes: "You don’t care if other women like me, and you don’t care if I like other women. In the end, it’s because I’m not important to you at all." 
"Just an optional person." 
An astonished expression appeared on Joanna’s face. 
She opened her mouth to say something, but she didn’t know what to say. 
"Joanna." The man’s voice was deep, reading her name one word at a time. After a moment of silence, he said in a deep voice, "No matter how much you like someone, if it’s always a one-sided effort, it gets tiring over time. Anyone would." 
"I’ve always been waiting for your response, but if I can’t wait any longer, I don’t know how much longer I can hold on." 
"You’re still angry right now, and you won’t listen to anything I say, so let’s talk when your anger subsides." 
"I’ll give you time to calm down." 
After finishing his last sentence, Ashton Heath took a deep look at her, then turned and walked out of the room. 
Joanna watched him walk out of the bedroom and close the door behind him, and with a sour feeling in her eyes, tears flowed out again. 
In fact, she regretted what she had just said. 
But once the words were spoken, they couldn’t be taken back. 
She never thought he would be so angry. 
If she had known... she wouldn’t have said it that way. 
So, has he completely lost hope in her now? 
Thinking about what he said before leaving, she suddenly realized that maybe she did go too far. 
He suspected that she still liked David, but wasn’t it because she acted so indifferent towards him first? 
Perhaps any other man would think the same way. 
As soon as she realized her mistake, Joanna began to reflect on her actions. 
The more she thought about it, the more she realized that she had indeed done something wrong and hurt Ashton Heath. 
She didn’t know why she said what she did. 
In truth, her heart wasn’t completely unconcerned. 
If he really started to like Rebecca Kelloway... 
Just thinking about it, her heart suddenly filled with a sour and uncomfortable feeling. 
She suddenly realized that she did care about Ashton Heath. 
If he really started to like someone else, she would be sad too. 
She lay on the bed and blankly stared, then wiped the tears in the corners of her eyes, took out her phone and sent a Twitter message to Aria Rowlett. 
Fluffy Cutie: Aria, I think I did something wrong and made someone angry. What should I do? 
Aria probably was using her phone, she replied instantly: ? The person you’re talking about isn’t the heartthrob, is it? 
Fluffy Cutie: ...yes. 
Sweet Aria: You guys had a fight? 
Fluffy Cutie: ...I guess so. 
Sweet Aria: He spoils you so much, and you guys still managed to fight? ! What did you do wrong to make him angry?
###Chapter 279: Chapter 281: Mr. Ashton is looking for Ms. Kelloway
Joanna Lawrence hesitated upon reading this reply, slowly typing out a line: I told him that it’s okay for other women to like him and for him to like other women. I won’t mind. And then, he got really angry. 
Aria Rowlett: ... 
Fluffy Cutie: What’s wrong? What do you mean? 
Aria Rowlett: Baby, if it were me, I’d also be angry. Doesn’t this just mean that you don’t care about him at all? Think about it, when you like someone and they say something like that to you, wouldn’t you be angry? Unless, they don’t care about you at all, they won’t get angry. 
Aria Rowlett: On the contrary, the more he gets angry, the more it shows that he likes you. So, let me ask, did your heartthrob get really angry? 
The angrier he is, the more it shows that he likes you... 
Seeing this reply, Joanna Lawrence’s heart "pounded" heavily in her chest. 
She paused for a few seconds before sending a reply: ... I think he was very angry. 
Aria Rowlett: Of course, your heartthrob would be angry, he clearly likes you a lot, treasures you like a baby. Hearing you talk like that, how could he not feel upset and angry? But don’t worry too much, precisely because he likes you, he won’t stay mad at you for long. Just act cute around him, apologize, pamper him, and he’ll definitely stop being angry. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at the screen of her phone, drifting into a daze. 
Was it really so obvious that Ashton Heath liked her? 
Even Aria Rowlett said so. 
She read Aria Rowlett’s reply again and let her gaze fall into deep thought. 
* 
As soon as Ashton Heath came out of the bedroom, he went straight to find Tedd. 
He asked with a gloomy face: "Where is Ms. Kelloway?" 
Seeing his grim face, Tedd replied cautiously: "Ms. Kelloway has just gone for a walk in the garden with Lady Octavia. Do you need her for something, Mr. Ashton? Should I go and call her over for you?" 
Ashton Heath’s eyes darkened, and a chill spread around him, his deep gaze narrowed slightly: "Mhm." 
* 
When Tedd found Rebecca Kelloway, she was sitting in the garden under a sun umbrella, enjoying afternoon tea with Lady Octavia. 
The two seemed to be chatting very happily. 
Tedd approached them and respectfully called out: "Lady Octavia." 
Lady Octavia raised her head to glance at him, after taking a sip of her freshly brewed Honey Citrus Infusion: "What is it? Is there something?" 
Tedd’s gaze fell on Rebecca Kelloway, he hesitated, then said with a smile: "Mr. Ashton needs Ms. Kelloway for something, he is waiting for her in the study." 
Rebecca Kelloway paused with the cup in her hand, the smile on her lips froze for a few seconds.
"Ashton is looking for me?" her eyes flashed, a strange look quickly passing through her eyes, "Did he mention what it was about?" 
Tedd feigned ignorance, shaking his head: "Mr. Ashton didn’t say." 
Rebecca Kelloway, however, had a hunch. 
It wasn’t too long since she had spoken with Joanna Lawrence, and now Ashton Heath was looking for her. Perhaps, Joanna Lawrence complained to him. 
Rebecca Kelloway was very annoyed. 
She hadn’t thought that Joanna Lawrence would actually go to Ashton Heath to complain. 
Such an act was rather despicable. 
Was Ashton Heath now calling her over to vent Joanna Lawrence’s anger? 
No, that’s not possible. 
It was a small thing, the decades-long relationship between the Heath family and the Kelloway family, her and Ashton Heath’s twenty plus years of friendship, he can’t possibly give up both the Kelloway family’s friendship and their personal relationship all for Joanna Lawrence. 
That woman was not that important to him yet.
###Chapter 280: Chapter 282: Did you go to see Joanna just now?
Thinking about this, she steadied herself. She was no longer as flustered as she was at the beginning. 
She slowly sipped her coffee, put the cup on the table, then raised her eyes to look at Tedd, smiling brightly and saying, "Alright, I will go now." 
After saying that, she looked apologetically towards Lady Octavia with a regretful face, "Lady Octavia, I apologize. I cannot accompany you for afternoon coffee." 
Upon hearing that Ashton was looking for her, Lady Octavia immediately chuckled and said, "Go ahead, you and Ashton have been good to each other since childhood. It’s been over a year since you’ve seen each other, he must have a lot to talk to you. You young people should talk more, don’t worry about me." 
Deep down, Lady Octavia does not recognize Joanna as her daughter-in-law. 
She still had a special preference for Rebecca Kelloway. 
In her view, her son is so outstanding that even if he divorced, the status of a second marriage wouldn’t affect anything. 
Moreover, Rebecca was still so infatuated with her son. 
Therefore, even if Ashton already married, she still holds onto the idea of matchmaking him with Rebecca. 
She really anticipates the two of them spending time alone together. 
"Lady Octavia, then, I will take my leave." 
Rebecca displayed a formal smile, slowly rose, turned around and left together with Tedd. 
* 
On the way. 
Rebecca attempted to casually gather some information from Tedd: "Tedd, when Ashton just looked for you, how did he seem to you?" 
Tedd has been at Heath Villa for many years. 
Being able to reach the current status of the head housekeeper, naturally, he comes with experience. 
Upon hearing Rebecca’s question, he immediately understood what she wanted to find out. 
It looked that she must have guessed what Mr. Ashton actually wanted to talk to her about. 
Tedd pondered it for a moment, then tipped her off: "Ashton looked rather upset, like he was angry about something." 
The color on Rebecca’s face changed ever so slightly: "...Really? Did he look really angry?" 
"I think so." Tedd feigned surprise and added, "I really don’t know what happened to Mr. Ashton. Previously, he was just fine then suddenly his demeanor completely changed." 
Rebecca’s hand, which was hanging by her side, tightened its grip. Her heart started to race again. 
Upon hearing Tedd’s words, she became unsure about the situation all over again. 
Considering Ashton’s temperament and character, she became increasingly nervous. 
* 
Upon reaching the study, Tedd knocked on the door and respectfully informed the person inside: "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Kelloway is here." 
"Let her in." 
The voice that emerged from the study was very cold, devoid of warmth. 
Upon hearing this icy voice, all the confidence that Rebecca had built up turned into nervous anxiety. 
Tedd opened the door, bowed, and made a "please" gesture: "Ms. Kelloway, please go in." 
Rebecca stood at the door for a few seconds, bit her lip, took a deep breath, and stepped in slowly. 
Tedd pulled the door slightly ajar, leaving a small gap. 
Upon entering the study, Rebecca was met with a cold atmosphere. Looking up, she saw Ashton’s handsome face as cold as ice. She could not help but clench her hands. 
"Ashton, you were looking for me." 
She managed to squeeze out a hint of a smile from the corner of her lips, pretending to be at ease: "Is there something you wanted?" 
Ashton’s gaze was ice-cold as he asked: "Did you go to see Joanna earlier?" 
Rebecca’s expression froze momentarily. 
She did not expect Ashton to be so direct.
Coming from the prestigious Kelloway family and being exposed to a wide range of experiences from an early age, she naturally had more courage and insight than the average girl. After a few seconds of panic, she quickly regained her composure. 
She managed to squeeze out another hint of a smile and asked casually: "Yes, I did visit her earlier. Did Joanna tell you?"
###Chapter 281: Chapter 283: Rebecca Kelloway, how long have we known each other?
"What were you looking for her for? What did you talk to her about?" Ashton Heath didn’t show any courtesy, his tone was cold and aggressive. 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at his gloomy face, feeling a bit frightened, but still maintained her composure, speaking as if nothing was wrong: "The last time we met, it was too brief and I had a lot to say, so I just wanted to chat with her." 
"We just chatted casually. Then she said she was sleepy and wanted to sleep, so I left." 
It seems that Ashton Heath doesn’t know about her conversation with Joanna Lawrence. 
Rebecca couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. 
However, since Ashton Heath didn’t know what they talked about, why did he look so unhappy? 
"Just casually chatting?" 
The man’s deep gaze fixed on her, as if trying to see through her, his eyes sharp. 
Obviously, he didn’t quite believe her words. 
He looked at her with doubt. 
Rebecca’s facial expression stiffened under his gaze, and a feeling of guilt suddenly welled up in her heart. 
But she still forced herself to smile at Ashton Heath, jokingly saying: "Yes, just casually chatting. Why, it seems like you don’t believe me? You don’t think I went to bully your wife, do you?" 
Ashton Heath hooked up the corner of his lips, but there was no smile in his eyes. He said coldly: "Hmm, I’m worried that you went to bully her." 
Rebecca: "..." 
The fake smile on her lips was hard to maintain. 
"Ha, haha, what kind of joke are you making? Joanna is your wife, even if not for her sake, I wouldn’t dare to bully her. Besides, why would I bully her for no reason?" 
Ashton Heath’s cold gaze lingered on her face for a moment, then nodded and said: "It’s good that you know." 
"Rebecca Kelloway." 
Just as Rebecca felt relieved, she heard him call her name. 
His tone couldn’t be considered friendly. 
"How long have we known each other?" Ashton Heath asked in a deep voice. 
Rebecca was momentarily stunned, her eyes showing a trace of confusion. 
She hesitated for a few seconds, not knowing why he would suddenly ask this, but still replied seriously: "Almost twenty years now." 
Rebecca was two years younger than Ashton Heath. 
For the first few years after birth, she had been abroad. 
Later, after returning to the country and following the Kelloway family on a visit to the Heath family, she met the five-year-old Ashton Heath. 
At that time, she was too young to know what liking someone meant. 
She just thought that the boy from the Heath family was so good-looking, like a doll, that she couldn’t help but want to get close to him. 
After meeting Ashton Heath, she lost interest in other boys around her. 
She only wanted to play with him. 
As she grew older and understood more, she gradually realized that she had fallen in love with him. 
Since then, she couldn’t see any other men in her eyes. 
There was only him. 
She had been dreaming of marrying him and becoming his bride when she grew up. 
In addition, the elders of both Heath and Kelloway families had the intention of a marriage alliance, and often joked about their marriage. 
At that time, Ashton Heath always remained silent. 
She thought that he was tacitly accepting. 
She was overjoyed, thinking that he liked her too, but they were both too proud to take the initiative. 
Regardless, she was sure to marry him in the end. 
She had determined that he was her future husband and never thought that he would marry someone else.
###Chapter 282: Chapter 284: Don’t Cross My Bottom Line
Thinking about his marriage made her feel uncomfortable again. 
"Twenty years?" Ashton Heath nodded, his voice was light, but it sounded inexplicably cold, "You should understand me then, that no matter how good a friend, or even family, none can touch my bottom line." 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face changed instantly. 
Her eyes flickered, showing uneasiness, "Ashton..." 
Ashton Heath rudely interrupted her, "I don’t know what you told Joanna, she didn’t tell me. However, I hope you didn’t go to cause her trouble. If you still care about our many years of friendship, you should treat her as well as possible." 
"She is someone I care about, I don’t expect you to treat her the same way I do, but at least try to love the house together with the crow." 
"If you can’t even do that, then we should see each other less in the future." 
Rebecca clenched her fists, her long red nails breaking at the palm, "So... now she’s become your bottom line?" 
Ashton Heath didn’t deny it but instead said something unrelated, "Rebecca, don’t touch my bottom line. I don’t want to use those unpleasant methods on my friends." 
When he said the word "friends," he seemed to have deliberately emphasized his tone. 
"I hope our relationship remains friends for a lifetime, just like now." 
Ashton recalled the words Joanna Lawrence had just said, the frown in his brow relaxed, and he subtly expressed his position. 
Rebecca was a very smart girl. 
If she truly had feelings for him, she should understand the other meaning hidden in his words. 
"Friends for a lifetime?" Rebecca stuttered, repeating the phrase, her facial expression becoming rigid and her face turning pale in an instant. 
Ashton’s gaze was icy as he looked at her: "Yes, friends for a lifetime." 
"Ashton, you..." Rebecca’s face was pale, her lips trembled a few times as if she could hardly control her emotions, and the secret hidden in her heart for many years was about to come out. 
But Ashton Heath didn’t give her that opportunity. 
Before she could finish, he coldly said, "I have something to do, you should leave first." 
Rebecca bit her lip, looking at his handsome face full of distance and coldness, her heart feeling like it was being cut by a sharp blade, the pain making her face even paler, and tears uncontrollably starting to wet her eyes. 
When the tears slipped down her eyes, she quickly turned around, maintaining the pride she should have. 
"Fine, I won’t bother you then." 
After saying that, she quickly left the study. 
* 
After settling this matter, Ashton Heath didn’t feel relieved. 
On the contrary, his mood was still as irritable as ever. 
It felt like something was stuck in his heart, making him extremely uncomfortable. 
He irritably unbuttoned his shirt, exposing the tempting muscles on his fair chest. 
As long as he thought of Joanna’s red and swollen eyes from crying, he would be extremely annoyed. 
He didn’t know if she was still crying. 
She was still on her period, her emotions couldn’t fluctuate too much. What if her stomach becomes uncomfortable later? 
Were the words he said to her before leaving too heavy? 
Since the two got married, he hadn’t said a harsh word to her. 
He didn’t know if she could bear those words. 
The more he thought about it, the more irritable he became. The image of her tearful, grievance-filled face, and her small body curled up in the corner of the bed when he left, came to mind. For a moment, all kinds of heartache flooded his heart.
###Chapter 283: Chapter 285: The Person Who Should Apologize is Me
He regretted it. 
Regretted saying those harsh words to her. 
He shouldn’t have been so hasty. 
How long had they known each other? 
Even if she still had David Benington in her heart, she couldn’t be blamed for it. 
After all, she and David had known each other for so many years. 
And their relationship was even once so good that they almost got married. 
What he should do, is not saying words that would make her sad, but double the good treatment, spoil her, gradually occupy the most important place in her heart, and make her never think of David Benington. 
Everything he is doing now is making her regret marrying him. 
If she really is disappointed in him, wants to divorce him... 
Ashton Heath’s face changed, he stood up and quickly walked out of the study. 
Just as he reached the door, his phone rang. 
He took it out and when he saw Joanna Lawrence’s name displayed on the screen, he stopped in his tracks. 
* 
After chatting with Aria Rowlett for a while, Joanna Lawrence became increasingly aware of her mistakes. 
After some self-reflection and self-criticism, she decided to send a text message to Ashton Heath to take the initiative to apologize. 
She buried her head and edited it for half the day, considering and reconsidering the same sentence for half the day, before finally sending out the text message. 
After it was sent, she held her phone tightly, waiting nervously. 
Ashton Heath must still be angry at this moment. 
She didn’t know if he would forgive her when he saw the text message she sent. 
He didn’t seem like a petty person, he should forgive her, right? 
But she also saw him lose his temper for the first time. If he was really extremely angry, he might not forgive her so quickly. 
In all kinds of uncertainty, Joanna Lawrence waited. 
After sending the text message, she would pick up her phone and check every few seconds. 
To see if Ashton Heath had replied to her. 
But he hadn’t... 
She waited a full minute without getting a reply from him. 
Her increasing nervousness and apprehension also made her depressed. 
She wondered if he hadn’t seen it yet. 
He had said earlier that he still had work to do, so he might be busy now and didn’t see her text message. 
Should she send another one? 
But if he had actually seen her text message but was still angry with her and didn’t reply... 
Was it necessary for her to send another one? 
In just a few minutes waiting for a reply, Joanna Lawrence felt like she was about to go crazy. 
One moment she guessed that Ashton Heath hadn’t seen her text message, and the next moment she felt that he had seen it. 
After going through all sorts of battles internally, when she herself was driven crazy by herself, she decided to call Ashton Heath directly. 
She really didn’t want to continue guessing his thoughts like this. 
She felt like she was definitely going crazy. 
Just as Joanna Lawrence took out her phone, there was a sound of the door lock being turned. "Click".
She looked up towards the door. After the door opened, a tall black figure walked in. 
Her eyes widened,"Hea ..." 
With his phone in one hand, Ashton Heath walked quickly towards her. 
Before Joanna Lawrence could get the phrase "Did you see the text message I sent you?" out of her mouth, she bumped into his warm, solid chest. 
The intoxicating smell of his cologne made her dizzy. 
His voice came from above her head, low, hoarse and incomparably gentle. His long arms tightly held her waist, hugging her firmly in his arms, "Baby, it’s not your fault. You did nothing wrong, the one who should apologize is me." 
"It was my fault. I shouldn’t have let my words run away with me in anger, and said those things that hurt you."
###Chapter 284: Chapter 286: Neglecting You, My Heart Will Only Feel Worse Than Yours
"I’m sorry, Baby, I’m really sorry. Please forgive me, sometimes a man blinded by jealousy can lose his rationality and do things that even he doesn’t understand." 
"I’m just too jealous of David. I know that you can’t possibly get back with him, you’re my wife now, and I shouldn’t be jealous of a man who’s no longer a threat to me." 
He was baring his heart to her. 
"But when I think that he knew you ten years before I did, and that he was by your side for all those years, witnessing your growth and experiencing so many things with you, I can’t help but mind." 
He couldn’t be that magnanimous. 
Unless, he had no feelings for her. 
Joanna buried her head in his chest, listening to his steady and strong heartbeat, and his words suddenly set her heart at ease. 
He didn’t directly tell her that he was jealous because he cared about her so much. 
But his words were enough. 
Just like Aria had said, if he didn’t like her, didn’t care about her, he wouldn’t care about the words she had said. 
But if he did like her... 
Her words had indeed been too harsh. 
"I’m sorry." She raised her head slowly, her eyes filled with remorse, her voice choking, "Ashton, I’m sorry, I was wrong, too. I shouldn’t have said those things. I won’t ever say those words again, just don’t be mad at me anymore, okay?" 
"I haven’t been mad for a long time." 
Ashton lowered his head, cupped her small face in his hands, and gently stroked her swollen eyes, "How could I bear to be really mad at you? In fact, when you sent me that text message, I had already come to find you." 
"Baby, every time I thought that you were still crying, still upset, my heart ached so badly." 
How could he not come looking for her? 
When he was mad, he thought about giving her the cold shoulder for a few days. 
But he couldn’t even last an hour, let alone a few days. 
As he looked at the files, all he could think of was her. 
He had never imagined that there would come a day when he would become like this for a woman. 
Joanna blinked her eyes and stared at him in a daze, "You were going to come find me before I even sent you the text message?" 
"Yes." Ashton nodded, his eyes deep and dark, "So, Baby, do you think we have a sort of telepathy?" 
She stared blankly for a few more seconds, murmuring, "Why?" 
Wasn’t he still mad at her? 
Why did he want to come find her? 
Ashton understood what she was asking, and his slender fingers gently caressed her still-swollen eyes with a tender touch, "Baby, I can’t bear to." 
His voice was deep and hoarse, full of endless love and compassion, "Neglecting you would only make me feel even worse. You could say that instead of punishing you, I’m punishing myself." 
"Can we make up, please?" He didn’t want to torture himself like this anymore, "Let’s just pretend that those things never happened, and let’s not argue anymore in the future. I won’t bring up David again, no matter if you still have feelings for him or not, I won’t get mad at you over it again." 
"You can continue to like him, it’s okay if you can’t forget him. We still have a long life ahead of us, I’ll work hard to show you that I deserve a place in your heart." 
"I have no feelings for him anymore." 
Hearing him bring up the matter again, Joanna didn’t get mad, but calmly said, "From the moment he cheated on me with Annie, betraying my trust, he became dead to me."
###Chapter 285: Chapter 287: Rest assured and entrust yourself to me
"I used to like him, but that is really in the past." 
"He cheated on me with my sister, personally giving up on our ten-year relationship. How could I possibly still like him? Unless I’m a slut."
"Ashton Heath, please believe me." Joanna Lawrence’s eyes were filled with sincerity as she looked at him honestly and openly. "I admit that I used to want to divorce you because I thought our marriage wouldn’t last long. But..." 
"But what?" His deep dark eyes locked onto hers. "How do you feel now?" 
Joanna saw a hint of eagerness in Ashton’s deep eyes. 
Although he didn’t show it clearly, she still saw it. 
He couldn’t wait to know her answer. 
Joanna bit her lip and thought about it carefully: "Now I won’t think about divorce anymore. Ashton Heath, I will really try to accept you and our marriage. Regardless of the outcome, whether good or bad, I want to give it a real try." 
"There will be no bad outcome." 
As soon as she finished speaking, she was tightly hugged by him. She heard his heartbeat speed up considerably: "Baby, rest assured and give yourself to me. I promise you won’t regret it." 
"Trust me, when it comes to this marriage, I am more serious than ever." 
"Thank you for making this decision. I’m really happy. Baby, thank you." 
He carefully cupped her face, as if holding a fragile item, treating her extremely gently as he lowered his head to kiss the still red-tinged corner of her eye: "Baby, thank you for forgiving me and giving me a chance." 
"I will prove through my actions that your choice will never be wrong." 
The man’s warm and soft lips landed on the corner of her mouth, but it felt like they were kissing her heart. 
Joanna felt the sweetness. 
All her previous grievances, resentments, heartaches, and all other negative emotions melted away in this gentle kiss. 
She hesitated before extending her small hand, gently wrapping it around his slender waist. 
The man’s body seemed to stiffen when embraced by her. He looked down at her, his voice low and sexy: "Baby..." 
Joanna felt a bit embarrassed. 
She seldom took the initiative. 
Other than impulsively kissing him the last time, she hadn’t done anything else proactively. 
Now, taking the initiative to hug him, she still felt shy. 
When those deep, dark eyes looked at her, she pursed her lips, feeling her face heat up: "Um, I..." 
"Hmm." 
Her soft lips had just opened when the man lifted her chin and kissed her deeply. 
This kiss was more eager and more passionate than any before. 
It was another deep kiss that almost suffocated Joanna. 
Her face turned red, her heart raced, and her whole body trembled. 
Ashton Heath gently stroked her blushing, hot little face and spoke with a husky voice: "Also, you don’t have to worry about Rebecca Kelloway. I’ve already made things clear with her. I believe she won’t do anything irrational." 
Joanna was leaning weakly against his chest, gasping for breath when he suddenly mentioned Rebecca. She immediately raised her head: "You... you made it clear with her? What did you say to her?" 
Ashton’s eyes were filled with tenderness as he gazed at her: "I didn’t say it too directly. After all, she is a girl, and I wanted to save her face." 
"But she definitely understood what I meant." 
"...Alright." Joanna actually wanted to say that she really didn’t care much about Rebecca.
###Chapter 286: Chapter 288: Is your older brother, Brandon, not at home today?
"I used to like him, but that’s really a thing of the past now." 
"He cheated on me with my sister, abandoning our ten years of feelings. How could I possibly like him again?" 
"Ashton Heath, please believe me." Joanna Lawrence’s eyes were filled with sincerity, her gaze straightforward. "I admit that I had thought of getting a divorce from you before because I felt that our marriage wouldn’t last long. But..." 
"But what?" His deep black eyes locked on her. "What do you think now?" 
Joanna saw a hint of eagerness in those profound eyes. 
Though it wasn’t obvious, she still caught it. 
He could hardly wait to know her answer. 
Joanna bit her lip and thought carefully: "Now I won’t think about getting a divorce anymore. Ashton Heath, I will truly try to accept you and our marriage. Whether the outcome is good or bad, I want to give it a serious try." 
"There won’t be a bad outcome." 
As soon as she finished speaking, she was tightly held by the man, her heart beating much faster than before. "Baby, trust me, I’m taking this marriage more seriously than ever." 
"Thank you for this decision. I’m really thankful, baby." 
He gently held her face, like a fragile item, extremely precious: "Baby, thank you for being willing to forgive me, and for giving me a chance." 
"I will prove with my actions that your choice will not be wrong." 
"And as for Rebecca Kelloway, don’t worry about her. I’ve already talked things through with her. I believe she won’t do anything irrational." 
As soon as Joanna heard him mention Rebecca Kelloway, she raised her head abruptly: "You, you’ve talked it over with Rebecca? What did you say to her?" 
Ashton’s eyes were gentle as he looked at her: "I didn’t say it too directly. After all, she’s a girl, so I have to save her some face." 
"However, she definitely understood what I meant." 
"...Alright." Joanna actually wanted to say that she really didn’t care too much about Rebecca at all. 
After all, no matter how much Rebecca liked Ashton Heath, her affection was unrequited. 
However, she didn’t dare say this anymore. 
She had just "reconciled" with Ashton Heath, and she didn’t want to ruin the atmosphere again.
Moreover, the feeling of arguing was truly unbearable. 
She didn’t want to argue with him ever again. 
"If she ever causes you any trouble in the future, just tell me." Ashton thought for a moment and added, "You don’t need to worry about my friendship with her. You’re my wife, and if they don’t respect you, they don’t take our friendship seriously either; you don’t need to be considerate." 
This meant he was going to back her up and stand by her. 
A smile formed at the corners of Joanna’s lips, and the sweetness in her heart grew even sweeter: "Okay, I understand." 
* 
They had dinner at the Heath family home that night. 
When Joanna and Ashton went downstairs, they found that Rebecca was not there. 
Lady Octavia and Madam Heath were already seated at the table. 
When Tedd announced that Joanna and Ashton had arrived, Madam Heath saw Joanna and waved at her with a kindly smile: "Come over here, my granddaughter-in-law, sit right next to Grandma." 
Joanna: "..." 
In the afternoon, she had called her by her nickname, Joanna. 
By evening, she was now her granddaughter-in-law? 
Ashton couldn’t help but laugh, and he whispered in her ear: "Grandma really likes you. I haven’t seen her be this enthusiastic about anyone other than me." 
Joanna was a bit startled, blinking her eyes and feeling overwhelmed: "Really?" 
"Of course." Ashton nodded. "Brandon is her own grandson, but she’s never liked him as much. She says he always has a grim face, and even though he’s young, he’s just like a 50 or 60-year-old veteran, not likable at all." 
"Umm,... 
This was the first time Joanna heard Ashton mention his elder brother. 
She didn’t know much about Brandon Heath. 
She had only seen him in the news about political affairs, and knew that he currently held a high-ranking position in Australand’s Military Department. 
Moreover, he would be participating in the next General Election. 
It could be said that Brandon was the youngest candidate for the presidency ever, being only 30 years old this year. 
Most of the other candidates were over 50 years old. 
Though he was young, he was the most promising candidate, with the highest online support rate. 
Like Ashton, Brandon had all sorts of enviable advantages. Not only did he come from a prestigious background, but he also looked exceptionally handsome. 
Compared to Ashton, he appeared even colder on television. 
No, to be precise, more serious. 
Whenever he attended any public event, he always looked serious and indifferent, as if his entire body was covered in the words "stay away." 
According to Madam Heath, he did indeed give off the impression of a 50 or 60-year-old veteran. 
But even so, Joanna knew that Brandon had a huge female fan base. 
As a seeker of good-looking guys, her friend Aria Rowlett once had a crush on him, always calling Brandon "dear husband." 
Joanna looked around curiously: "Isn’t your elder brother at home today?" 
Joanna was quite eager to meet this man who had enthralled thousands of young girls and women in Closia, wanting to see if his real person was really as handsome as he appeared on television. 
However, it seemed that Brandon was not at home. 
That made sense, since he frequently appeared in the news flying from one country to another.
###Chapter 287: Chapter 289: Isn’t This Jealousy a Bit Inexplicable?
Being so busy, he must not have much time to stay at home. 
"It’s also because of your older brother." Ashton Heath corrected. 
"Ah, so does he not spend much time at home?" 
Ashton looked down at her: "You seem to be quite interested in my older brother?" 
His tone was faint but seemed normal. 
However, Joanna Lawrence, who already had some understanding of his personality, could hear a hint of jealousy. 
She: "..." 
Really? He’s even jealous of his own older brother? 
And she was only asking casually. 
She hadn’t even met Brandon Heath before. 
This jealousy was a bit baffling. 
"...No, I was just asking casually. You don’t have to answer." 
Ashton stared at her little white face for a few seconds, hooked his lips, and then said, "My brother is very busy. It’s already pretty good if he can come home for a day or two a month. If you want to meet him, I will let him know and have him make time to come back." 
Joanna Lawrence dared not say anything more in front of this jealous jar called Ashton Heath. 
Previously, she just asked casually and he was already jealous. 
Now, if she said she wanted to see Brandon Heath, his jar of jealousy would surely spill over. 
"Uh, let’s not. Since Older Brother is so busy, let’s not disturb his work. I’m not that eager to meet him." 
As soon as she finished speaking, she felt that there might be something inappropriate about her words, and immediately added another sentence: "What I mean is that if he has time, we can meet, but it’s not a big deal if he doesn’t. There’s no need to call him back especially." 
He is the Deputy Minister of the Military Department. 
Calling him back especially for a meeting with an ordinary person like her would be a waste of his time. 
Even if Ashton was really willing to do it, she dared not enjoy such special treatment. 
Besides, she believed she might be afraid of Brandon. 
He looked so serious on TV, and his aura in person would be even more intimidating. 
"Octavia, look at this young couple. Their affection in this early stage of their marriage is wonderful. They keep whispering and I have no idea what they are talking about." Madam Heath saw Joanna and Ashton constantly whispering and chatting, and her face showed great happiness and contentment. 
To her, seeing her favorite younger generation solve their life’s major problems so smoothly, and being so affectionate with their new spouse, was the best thing ever. 
Of course, if this couple could give birth to a great-grandchild earlier for her, that would make everything even more perfect. 
Her wish would be fulfilled completely. 
Lady Octavia smiled insincerely and responded, "Yes, yes."
Although she was somewhat discontent in her heart, she dared not show it too clearly in front of the old lady. 
Now, the old lady was utterly satisfied and pleased with Joanna. 
If she were to express her discontent or oppose anything at this time, wouldn’t that make her seem like she was in conflict with the old lady? 
Even though she herself had gone from being a daughter-in-law to a mother-in-law, it was still Madam Heath who called the shots in the Heath family. 
As a mother-in-law, her say wasn’t much. 
"Grandma, I just told Joanna that you like her a lot." Ashton, with his arm around Joanna, walked over and a maid immediately came forward to pull out a dining chair. 
"Really?" Madam Heath chuckled. 
"Yes, Joanna was very happy to hear that." 
Upon reaching the dining table, Ashton glanced at the seat next to Madam Heath and whispered to Joanna, "You can sit with Grandma. This treatment used to be reserved only for me, but now, there’s also you, the new granddaughter-in-law."
###Chapter 288: Chapter 290: The one who has a wife is just different.
Furthermore, looking at the way Madam Heath was behaving, it seemed that even her grandson would have to temporarily step aside. 
At this moment, Madam Heath was waving at Joanna Lawrence: "Joanna, come over here, Grandma has something to tell you." 
"Ah, Granny, I’m coming right over." 
Joanna Lawrence replied sweetly, her call of ’grandma’ also sounding particularly saccharine. 
With a look of flattered surprise, she went over and sat next to the elderly woman. 
As soon as she sat down, Madam Heath began to speak affectionately to her, holding her hand. "Did you sleep well this afternoon? Are you getting used to being here? Ashton’s room is so gloomy, it’s oppressive just to look at it. It’s tough on a delicate girl like you." 
"He brought you back without telling us earlier. Otherwise, we could have prepared in advance." 
While speaking, Madam Heath shot Ashton an unhappy glance, "You should have called yesterday to notify us about such a significant occasion as bringing your wife home. Who else, like you, can keep something so critical hush-hush? If your mother hadn’t called you yesterday, would you have brought her home without informing us in advance?" 
Ashton went over and sat next to Joanna Lawrence. 
He glanced at the table, then, to Madam Heath’s and Lady Octavia’s surprise, he spooned half a bowl of the freshly stewed Ginseng-Infused Chicken Soup into a small white porcelain bowl, placing it in front of Joanna Lawrence. 
"Drink some soup first," he said softly to Joanna Lawrence. 
Once he was done with this, he lifted his eyes and flashed Madam Heath a smile. "Grandma, didn’t your grandson just want to give you a surprise?" 
Madam Heath looked at the bowl of broth placed in front of Joanna Lawrence. She remained silent for a few seconds before letting out a sigh - a look of hurt on her face. "It’s just different once someone has a wife. He even knows how to pamper and care for people now." 
"It seems that beside his wife, us mothers and grandmothers are not afforded such a luxury." 
While Madam Heath was joking, there wasn’t any true intention of blaming or complaining. 
But this remark meant something entirely different to Lady Octavia. 
She was reminded of Rebecca Kelloway’s previous statement: It seems in Ashton’s heart, Joanna is even more critical than you, his mother. 
She had not felt so at the time, but now, witnessing Ashton’s actions, she suddenly got the gist. 
Far from being happy about her son knowing how to pamper his wife, she was, in fact, extremely upset. 
Just as Madam Heath said, not even she, his mother, had the privilege of such pampering. 
It was a woman who had not been with her son for long that could get him to do these exceptional things. 
Moreover, her son serviced people willingly. 
The more Lady Octavia thought about it, the angrier and more stifled she felt. Finally, she couldn’t help but respond sarcastically: "Indeed, I’ve never received such treatment. No wonder they say, once a man gets a wife, he forgets his mother. This statement truly isn’t wrong." 
Madam Heath, still oblivious to Lady Octavia’s discontent, jokingly responded: "Isn’t that the way it is? Remember when you and Darren were all loved up? Back then, he was a man who kept his hands clean, but because of you, he learned to do the laundry and cook. At that time, I was also jealous, feeling like I’d raised my son for nothing." 
The expression on Lady Octavia’s face stiffened.
She did not expect Madam Heath to jest at her expense. 
For a moment, she felt somewhat uncomfortable.
###Chapter 289: Chapter 291: Why Won’t You Take It? Don’t You Like It?
She always felt that Madam Heath did it on purpose, as a way to help Joanna indirectly. 
But she could only think about it in her heart. Even if Madam Heath was really helping Joanna, what could she say? 
She had been a daughter-in-law for many years, and even though Madam Heath had treated her well most of the time, she had always felt a bit of apprehension toward her mother-in-law. 
She couldn’t be as close to Madam Heath as Joanna. 
She had always been a person who strictly abided by her duties, believing that a daughter-in-law should act like one, and that a mother-in-law should always be treated with distance and respect. 
"Grandma, have this bowl of broth," Joanna said. 
Lady Octavia and Madam Heath’s conversation caused shivers down Joanna’s spine. 
She looked up at Ashton Heath, her eyes showing surprise. 
She had thought that his ability to take care of others must have come from having cared for others before, gaining experience. 
But...
Neither Madam Heath nor Lady Octavia had enjoyed his care before?! 
As a new wife who had just married him, enjoying this unique favor wasn’t a good thing. 
It attracted jealousy. 
So, Joanna immediately placed the bowl of broth in front of Madam Heath and sweetly said, "Grandma is the head of the family, you should have it first." 
Madam Heath looked at the broth Joanna offered and hesitated for a moment, but then broke into a wide grin. 
"My granddaughter-in-law is so well-behaved!" 
She patted Joanna’s hand and beamed, her eyes full of delight. 
"Stinky brat, you should learn from Joanna!" Madam Heath praised Joanna and scolded Ashton at the same time. "Girls are better, they know how to show affection. You and your dad are both ungrateful wolves!" 
Ashton laughed but didn’t argue. 
He knew that Madam Heath wasn’t truly complaining - it was just lighthearted banter to enliven the atmosphere among family. 
He naturally wouldn’t take it seriously. 
Seeing how affectionate Madam Heath was towards Joanna, a pleased smile appeared in his eyes. 
He knew that Madam Heath would definitely like Joanna. 
After all, his wife was so beautiful, how could Madam Heath not like her? 
As Joanna served the broth to Madam Heath, Lady Octavia could not just ignore it. 
She picked up a bowl, filled it halfway with broth, and respectfully handed it to Lady Octavia with an uneasy and shy expression, "...Mom, have some broth too." 
Lady Octavia looked up at her and then at the broth she offered, feeling displeased, but she did not reach out to take it immediately. 
Joanna waited for a while, then lifted her eyes in surprise. 
At a glance, she saw the cold flash that streaked across the bottom of Lady Octavia’s eyes. 
But it disappeared in the blink of an eye, so fast that Joanna wondered if she had imagined it. 
She held the bowl for almost half a minute, and Lady Octavia still didn’t take it. 
"Mom." 
Ashton squinted and furrowed his brows, "Joanna served you broth, why aren’t you taking it? Don’t you like it?" 
He then got up, took the bowl from Joanna, and placed it in front of Lady Octavia, "Or do you want me to serve it to you? Isn’t it better for a daughter-in-law to honor you by serving the broth first?" 
After saying this, he sat down with Joanna. 
Lady Octavia had intentionally ignored the bowl earlier.
###Chapter 290: Chapter 292: A Thousand, Ten Thousand Dissatisfactions
She didn’t like Joanna, and therefore didn’t want to accept this daughter-in-law’s so-called "respect." 
Whenever she thought of how her son, who she raised with so much effort, treated others better than her, she would feel very uncomfortable. 
This daughter-in-law, she was really a thousand times, ten thousand times dissatisfied. 
Ashton Heath’s actions just now made her even more unhappy with Joanna. 
Her son was indeed bewitched by this woman. 
Now, he was completely devoted to this woman. 
She only made her wait a little longer, and he was already feeling sorry for her? 
Lady Octavia stared at the steaming hot broth in front of her, holding back the urge to throw the bowl to the ground, and made an excuse: "It’s been stuffy these past few days, and I can’t drink this stuff." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes flickered lightly, thoughtful as he stared at her for a few seconds. 
Madam Heath thought she was really feeling stuffy and asked in concern, "What’s wrong? Did you catch a cold? Have you seen a doctor?" 
Lady Octavia brought up an elegant smile and respectfully answered Madam Heath: "I did catch a bit of a cold, but it’s nothing serious. Some medicine will take care of it. Thank you for your concern, Mom." 
Madam Heath then reminded her a few more times to take care of her health. 
As a son, Ashton Heath should have shown some concern, but he didn’t say anything. Instead, after hearing that Lady Octavia had caught a cold, his eyes turned even colder. 
The expression on his face also became much more indifferent. 
* 
This dinner could barely be considered harmonious. 
It was barely so because Lady Octavia hardly spoke from the beginning to the end. 
Only when Madam Heath took the initiative to ask her a few questions did she reply. 
It was completely different from her usual talkativeness. 
At first, Madam Heath didn’t realize anything. 
But after dinner, she gradually felt the abnormality. 
Afterward, she also thoughtfully stared at Lady Octavia for a while and considered some possibilities in her mind. 
Ashton Heath didn’t plan to spend the night at Heath Villa. After dinner, he prepared to take Joanna and leave. 
Hearing him say he was leaving, Lady Octavia looked reluctant: "Ashton, you haven’t been home for such a long time. Can’t you just stay a few more days before you go? You’re just like Gary, staying at most half a day each time you come back. He rarely comes back once a month, and now you don’t like coming back either. There aren’t many people in this family, and you don’t like to come back, leaving me and Grandma in this secluded mansion. Sometimes, we can’t even find someone to talk to." 
Madam Heath also looked reluctant in her eyes but didn’t try to keep him from leaving. 
Her grandson had grown up and had his own life. 
How could he always stay by their side? 
Madam Heath understood this and had long been mentally prepared for it. 
Besides, her precious grandson was now a married man. She could understand that the young couple wanted to return to their own home and be lovey-dovey. 
"Ashton, Joanna, Grandma knows you have your own things to do, so I won’t keep you. Just come back and visit more often when you’re free. Although you’re both still young and have good physical foundations, you still have to pay attention to your health. Especially you, Ashton, grandma knows you’ve just taken over the Heath Group, and you must be very busy during this period. No matter how busy you are, you have to take care of yourself, don’t push yourself too hard." 
"Now you are a married man, you need to consider not just for yourself but also for your wife." 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Grandma, I’ll keep that in mind." 
He already knew these things even without Madam Heath’s words. 
In the past, he didn’t have any concerns, and almost all his time and energy were spent on work.
###Chapter 291: Chapter 293: Let’s wait until she graduates to discuss this matter.
But now, he wouldn’t. 
As long as he thought of someone waiting for him at home, he just wanted to get off work early and go back to accompany his new wife. 
No matter how important work was, it was nothing compared to her. 
He could still distinguish between these things. 
Madam Heath, with a reluctant look on her face, held Joanna’s hand and gently patted the back of her hand over and over again: "Joanna, Ashton is the kind of person who, once busy with work, forgets day and night. In the future, you need to supervise him more and don’t let him work so hard." 
"Before he had a family, he had no worries in his heart, and work was everything to him. With you by his side, Grandma can finally stop worrying about him so much." 
"You and Ashton have already gotten your marriage certificate and met the parents, have you thought about when you’ll have a wedding ceremony? If you plan to have it soon, Grandma can find a geomancer to help you choose a good time." 
Madam Heath suddenly mentioned the wedding, and Joanna was a little lost for words. 
She was stunned for a few seconds and opened her mouth: "Well, Grandma, we..." 
"Grandma, there’s no rush for the wedding ceremony." 
Ashton Heath squeezed her palm, defusing the situation: "Joanna is still studying, so we haven’t planned to have the wedding too early. Let’s talk about it after her graduation." 
Joanna immediately cast a grateful glance at him. 
Fortunately, he had rescued her in time, otherwise, she really wouldn’t know how to respond. 
She hadn’t thought about the wedding at all. 
She wasn’t even twenty years old yet, and she didn’t want people to know she was married so soon. 
Especially before she graduated. 
Although marrying Ashton Heath wasn’t something shameful, and with his conditions, there must be countless women who wanted to marry him, she always felt that letting people know she was married so early wasn’t great.
Even Aria Rowlett, who was so close to her, didn’t know she was married. 
After all, she once claimed she was an absolute career woman and would never consider marriage until she made a career for herself. 
Doing so now...it was just too self-contradictory. 
She didn’t tell Ashton Heath why she didn’t want a wedding now. 
But unexpectedly...he could guess her thoughts. 
Madam Heath just asked about it, and hearing his explanation, she nodded: "That’s true, she’s still young, there’s no need to rush the wedding. Anyway, this is the matter of you two as a couple, just think it through." 
"I’m just afraid it’ll be unfair to Joanna." 
"It’s not unfair, Grandma." 
Joanna looked at the kindly old lady in front of her, as close as her own grandmother, deeply moved: "You all treat me so well, I’m grateful, how could I feel wronged?" 
"Then that’s fine." Madam Heath reached out and touched her head, treating her like her own granddaughter, full of affection, "But you’re officially Ms. Joanna of the Heath family now, even if there’s no wedding, we should have a celebratory banquet." 
"The banquet can be an invitation of some acquaintances, what do you think? Such a lovable daughter-in-law, if I have to keep her a secret and not let anyone know, it would suffocate me." 
"And ask your family when they’re free, our two families should sit down and have a meal together, shouldn’t we?" 
The two requests Madam Heath mentioned were not unreasonable. 
Although Joanna hadn’t thought about letting the Lawrence family meet with the Heath family, she couldn’t say no to it either.
###Chapter 292: Chapter 294: It will only hurt the relationship between Aria and her kid!
If she refused again, she would seem unreasonable. 
She hesitated for a moment and looked up at Ashton Heath. 
Ashton Heath met her gaze and guessed what she was worried about. He answered for her, "Grandma wants to hold a banquet to invite your acquaintances, of course, that’s no problem. Just let Joanna and me know when you’ve set the date. As for having dinner together with both families, we’ll let you know when we’ve decided on a date." 
"Then it’s settled." 
* 
Lady Octavia and Madam Heath stood by the fountain pool, watching the Rolls-Royce slowly drive into the night until it disappeared from sight. 
Madam Heath reluctantly withdrew her gaze. 
Turning to look at Lady Octavia, who also had a reluctant look on her face, she thought for a moment and said seriously, "Octavia, what’s the matter with you today? Do you have any issues with Joanna?" 
Lady Octavia was still immersed in the sadness of her son leaving. Hearing this, she suddenly snapped back to her senses. 
Her eyes held a hint of panic, "Mom, why would you think that? What could I possibly have against Joanna?" 
Madam Heath stared at her steadily, her eyes full of suspicion, "You really don’t have any issues? Then why didn’t you accept the broth Joanna offered you? Octavia, don’t think that because you’re a mother-in-law now, you have to show your new daughter-in-law who’s boss. You know what kind of person your son is. If you treat his wife like this, do you think he won’t mind?" 
Lady Octavia was upset by these words, "What could he possibly mind? I’m his mother." 
Could it be that he would get angry with his own mother for an outsider? 
Madam Heath frowned, her expression becoming serious, "So what if you’re his mother? Don’t blame me for not warning you, but with your son’s temper, if you really anger him, you’ll only hurt your mother-son relationship!" 
"Don’t you know your son’s temper? The woman he’s finally interested in means the world to him, he cherishes her so much that he wouldn’t even let his own mother upset her. Octavia, if you still want to maintain a good relationship with your son, try to be more loving and treat your daughter-in-law well." 
"Even if you’re dissatisfied in your heart, don’t show it in front of Ashton. Did you notice how much colder he was towards you today than usual? Even I could see it; do you really think he didn’t notice?" 
Lady Octavia’s face changed at Madam Heath’s words. 
Her son had indeed been colder to her this time. 
He didn’t seem as close to her as before when he came home. 
Especially after she deliberately didn’t accept the bowl of broth Joanna handed her, his attitude became much colder all of a sudden. 
For a moment, Lady Octavia felt a mix of anger and sadness, as well as a hint of coldness in her heart. 
Just because she was a little cold to his wife, he showed his displeasure? 
Was this the son she had raised and loved for over twenty years? 
"Also, now that Ashton’s lifelong matter has been settled, you shouldn’t think about those pointless things anymore. I’ve already explained things clearly to that girl from the Kelloway family. She’s always been sensible and probably won’t have any more thoughts about Ashton." 
Madam Heath saw everything clearly. 
She could see Lady Octavia’s dissatisfaction with Joanna and her desire for Rebecca Kelloway to become her daughter-in-law. 
That’s why she said so much to Lady Octavia, partly to console her, but also to warn and remind her. 
She was very satisfied with her current granddaughter-in-law and didn’t want anyone to cause any trouble for her.
###Chapter 293: Chapter 295: Adapting to His Closeness
Lady Octavia showed a surprised expression on her face: "Mom, what did you say to Rebecca?" 
"Of course, it’s to tell her to look for a good man elsewhere, and not to keep pursuing our Ashton." 
"Mom, you..." Upon hearing this, Lady Octavia became a little anxious. 
She didn’t know what exactly Madam Heath had said. 
But it was definitely not anything nice. 
Otherwise, Rebecca wouldn’t have come with teary eyes saying she had to leave in the afternoon. 
What if Madam Heath said something very hurtful, causing her to be too heartbroken and give up on Ashton? She couldn’t find another girl more suitable and outstanding for her son than Rebecca. 
"Octavia!" Seeing that she didn’t clearly hear what was just said, Madam Heath’s face turned cold, and she said solemnly, "Remember my words, Joanna is the granddaughter-in-law I acknowledged, I won’t allow anyone to cause damage, don’t blame me for being impolite if I find out." 
"With Ashton’s strange problem, he can find a suitable woman now, it’s God’s blessing, and He can’t bear to see your son lonely. You should thank God." 
Lady Octavia’s lips quivered, wanting to refute. 
But she eventually held it in. 
What was there for her to be grateful for? 
Her son’s illness being cured had nothing to do with Joanna. 
It was the doctor who cured him. 
However, she dared not say this to Madam Heath. 
"Alright, don’t stand here and bask in the wind, you should go back." 
Madam Heath was thinking about holding a banquet and couldn’t wait to start planning. 
In the past, she always envied other families’ marriages and childbirths. After so many years of envy, it was finally time for others to envy her. 
Just thinking about it made her feel joy in her heart. 
Hmph, she would have a big celebration this time and let people see how beautiful and lovable her granddaughter-in-law is. 
No one would dare say that her precious grandson was not normal and liked men after this. 
* 
On the way back. 
Joanna was playing with the sandalwood box that Madam Heath gave her. The box was very delicate, and the engraved pattern on the outside was made of gold. 
It looked very luxurious. 
She hadn’t opened it to see what was inside yet and wanted to wait until she got home to do so. 
Ashton cast a glance at her and saw her looking at the box curiously, he raised his lips: "Do you want to know what is inside? If you want to see it, just open it. Why hesitate?" 
Joanna looked up and saw Ashton’s cold, beautiful jawline. 
Up close, she could see a light stubble on his chin and could smell the faint scent of the shaving lotion he used in the morning, a light and pleasant smell. 
She was entirely wrapped in Ashton’s arms, leaning against his warm, sturdy chest. 
Ashton liked to hold her very much now. 
As soon as she got in the car, she was pulled into his arms. 
At first, Joanna felt unaccustomed to this. 
Now, after being held many times, she was no longer that sensitive. 
Anyway, she and Ashton were already husband and wife. 
Being held by her husband was not a shameful thing. 
Moreover, since she decided to try to accept him, she had to get used to his closeness. 
Of course, besides these reasons, there was also one that would make her a little shy, which was that she actually quite liked the feeling of being held in Ashton’s arms. 
Surrounded by his scent, resting on his strong, muscular chest, she felt very secure and warm.
###Chapter 294: Chapter 296: No matter how valuable the gift is, it can be received.
It was as if she had found herself a haven. 
"Do you know what’s in this box?" Joanna Lawrence waved the box in front of him. 
Ashton Heath shook his head, "I don’t know. This is a gift from grandma for you, only she knows what’s inside." 
Overwhelmed with curiosity, Joanna couldn’t wait until they got home and opened the box on the spot. 
She knew Madam Heath would be generous. 
Whatever gift she would give must be valuable. 
But when she saw a few land property deeds inside the box, she was astonished. 
Looking at the deeds that mentioned various gold-ranked properties, houses, and shops, she stared in disbelief for quite a while before slowly lifting her head. 
The shock in her eyes had not yet faded, and her heart couldn’t calm down for a long time, beating extremely fast: "Are these deed transfer documents?" 
Ashton glanced at them and nonchalantly said: "Yes, these must have been prepared by grandma in advance. The properties mentioned here are all meant to be given to you. Give me your documents tomorrow, and I will have someone start the transfer procedures." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Her eyes were wide open, like bells, and she swallowed hard, too excited to speak: "Gifted, gifted to me?" 
"Yes."
"All, all of it is for me?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna felt like she was about to faint. 
This was too stimulating. 
Madam Heath hadn’t been just generous. 
She was literally gifting her mountains of gold and silver, guaranteeing a worry-free life for several lifetimes. 
She was like a living Wealth God! 
Any location listed on the property deeds was worth tens of millions of dollars. 
Combined, they amounted to several hundred million dollars. 
A gift worth several hundred million dollars, she felt a jolt as if she was about to have a heart attack. 
Her hand holding the wooden box trembled violently. 
The feeling was surreal, like a dream. 
"I can’t accept this, the gift is too valuable..." Joanna Lawrence took a deep breath, trying to calm down, but her excitement made it impossible, "I can’t accept something so valuable." 
"Since Grandma has given it to you, you should accept it." 
Ashton looked at her flushed face, kissed her lips, took the wooden box from her hand, closed it, and put it aside. He patted her head, "Now you are Mrs. Ashton, no gift is too valuable for you." 
"Moreover, this is a tradition in our family. Every new daughter-in-law gets a share. If only you didn’t, wouldn’t it mean that our family doesn’t accept you?" 
Ok... 
Since he said so, Joanna stopped refusing. 
Instantly becoming a billionaire, she felt rather gratified deep down. 
However, when it comes to the Heaths accepting her, it was clear that Madam Heath did. 
What about Lady Octavia... 
Joanna was a sensitive person, so she could tell whether Lady Octavia liked her or not. 
It seemed Ashton too was thinking along the same lines. After a brief pause, he softly said, "Don’t worry about my mom. I will talk to her. If you don’t like going back, we can go less frequently." 
Joanna immediately shook her head: "I don’t have any complaints about mom. Besides, didn’t you say Brandon is also rarely at home? If we too don’t visit for weeks at a time, Grandma and others would be heartbroken."
###Chapter 295: Chapter 297: Can’t Control Some Things
She really liked Madam Heath. 
Such a loving and approachable old lady, just as good as her own grandmother, if she had the time, she would love to visit her more often. 
Especially since Madam Heath had gifted her several hundred million dollars worth of property! 
Now, Joanna felt that Madam Heath was as close to her as her own grandmother. 
She simply adored the old lady. 
Who wouldn’t love this kind of elder who doesn’t cause trouble at home, cares for the younger generations, and is incredibly generous? 
"Don’t worry." Ashton Heath looked at her affectionately, cradling her small face and gently kissing her forehead, "I know how to handle it." 
* 
When they got back. 
Jeremy called to say that he hadn’t seen some of his classmates for a long time and was going to stay at school overnight, not coming back to their place. 
Joanna nagged him for a bit, then took an early shower and went to bed. 
Before going to sleep, Ashton made her some sweet tea to drink. 
After drinking the sweet tea, Joanna played with her phone for a while, before getting sleepy. 
Ashton was also reading a book. 
She glanced over and saw that it was a book entirely in English, with most of the characters on the page being ones she didn’t recognize. 
"Sleepy?" 
Seeing her eyes half-closed, he closed the book in his hand, put it on the bedside table, and turned off the bedside lamp. 
The room was plunged into darkness. 
Ashton gently lay down and stretched out his arm to hold her petite body in his embrace. 
With his other hand, he caressed her head, speaking in a deep, gentle voice, "Sleep if you’re tired." 
It was only 10 pm. 
For someone like him who often stayed up until two or three in the morning, it was quite early. 
It had been a long time since he’d gone to bed early. 
Actually, he wasn’t sleepy yet, but since she was tired, he would go to sleep with her. 
"Hmm." Joanna was already a bit sleepy, and after he turned off the light, she slowly closed her eyes, squirmed in his arms to find a comfortable sleeping position and quieted down. 
Her squirms made Ashton’s blood boil. 
With her soft body pressed against his, a seductive fragrance permeated his senses, challenging his self-control. 
He’d always suppressed his desire in front of her. 
Whenever he thought about wanting her, he didn’t dare think too much. 
Once he thought too much, he’d become somewhat uncontrollable. 
But now, he couldn’t touch her. 
Fortunately, Joanna only squirmed a couple of times, then settled down. 
She didn’t move around anymore. 
Ashton took a while to calm his desire within, and not long after Joanna fell asleep, he too grew sleepy. 
* 
They both had a dreamless night. 
The next day, Joanna woke up fully recharged and revitalized. 
Aria, afraid that she’d forget about the audition, called early in the morning to remind her. 
During breakfast, Joanna told Ashton about the audition. 
Upon hearing this, Ashton put the chopped steak in front of her and asked, "What’s the director of that TV series called?" 
Joanna finished her milk, wiped her mouth and replied, "Gary White, Director White. He’s quite famous in our industry, a very talented director." 
Ashton’s eyes flashed, and he nodded, indicating that he understood. 
Afterward, he didn’t ask her anything more. 
Once they finished eating, he was planning to drive Joanna over, but he received a call and had urgent matters to deal with himself. 
"You don’t need to worry about me." Joanna said considerately, "You go and deal with your business. There are so many cars at home, a driver can take me there."
###Chapter 296: Chapter 298: Helping Mr. Ashton Tie His Tie
Hearing her use the words "home" so naturally, Ashton Heath paused for a moment, a hint of delight in his eyes. 
The two walked into the living room. 
Mr. Rowan brought a tie over. 
Before, it was always him who tied Ashton Heath’s tie. 
He stepped forward with the tie in hand, about to tie his master’s tie as before, only to see Mr. Ashton reach out a hand: "Give me the tie." 
Huh? 
Mr. Rowan wondered if Mr. Ashton wanted to tie it himself this time? 
But, could he tie it on his own? 
Then he saw Mr. Ashton take the tie and hand it to Ms. Joanna beside him. 
"Young lady of the Heath family," Ashton Heath lightly hooked the corner of his lips, his voice sexy and enchanting, "Help Mr. Ashton tie his tie in front of so many people...hmm?"
With just one call of "young lady of the Heath family", Joanna Lawrence’s heart was pounding. 
She took the tie with a red face and muttered softly, "I’m not very good at tying them either. If I don’t do a good job, don’t blame me." 
"Lower your head a bit, I can’t reach your neck." She raised her hand to tie his tie, but he was too tall, and even standing on her toes, she could barely reach his neck. 
Ashton Heath cooperatively lowered his head. 
Joanna tiptoed and wrapped the tie around his neck. 
As one lowered his head and the other raised hers, their distance closed. 
Ashton Heath caught a hint of her faint, alluring fragrance from her hair and a pleasant scent from her body. 
He didn’t like women who wore perfume. 
He found those expensive perfumes very pungent to his nose. 
But she didn’t have those unpleasant smells on her; instead, she had a faint, sweet scent, like that of a ripe peach, mixed with a hint of floral fragrance. 
He could never get enough of it. 
At night, holding her soft, fragrant body, he could quickly fall asleep. 
"All right, it’s tied." Joanna straightened the finished tie, took a small step back, and looked up at her handiwork with satisfaction in her eyes. 
As she admired her success, she couldn’t help but marvel at the man in front of her, now her husband, as being one in a million. 
At 188 cm tall, he had an incredibly tall and slender figure, and especially those extraordinary long legs, which made him the center of attention wherever he went. 
Not to mention, he had a face of exceptional beauty. 
He had a perfect model physique and looked good in anything. 
Exaggerating a bit, someone like him could probably wear a rag and be called a new fashion trend. 
But Joanna still thought he looked best and most charming in a suit. 
Black shirt, black trousers, cool colors from head to toe, with an intense sense of restraint. 
The neatly tailored trousers wrapped around those unbelievable long legs, making him appear even taller and more statuesque, with a noble temperament. Standing anywhere, he had the aura of a domineering president. 
She thought the overbearing CEO in novels would be just like him. 
As she stared at Ashton in a daze, the man looked down to see her infatuated expression, the corners of his lips curving up in delight. 
Stretching his long arm, he pulled her into his embrace and kissed her tender and beautiful chin. 
"Uh." Joanna widened her eyes, her face turning crimson. 
There were other people in the hall. 
Apart from Mr. Rowan, there were several maids. 
He was actually doing this in front of so many people...
###Chapter 297: Chapter 299: She Really Likes the Way He Calls Her
He actually did this in front of so many people... 
Joanna Lawrence was rather shy, and even though she had been slowly trying to accept Ashton Heath’s closeness, she still wasn’t quite used to displaying affection in public. 
Thankfully, Ashton knew when to stop. 
He just pecked her lightly on the lips before quickly letting her go. 
His deep and captivating dark eyes flickered with fire as he looked at her blushing face, which was as delicate as a blooming red rose. His voice was somewhat hoarse as he said, "Thank you, young lady of the Heath family." 
Joanna felt several gazes fixing on her. 
She shyly buried her head in his chest, and recalling the kiss just now, her heart raced. 
Although it was just a brief, butterfly-like peck, this was the first time he had kissed her in front of so many people. 
Moreover, he even called her "young lady of the Heath family." 
She thought she really liked being called by that name from him. 
When he called her that, it sounded so pampering. 
Mr. Rowan, being an old-timer, didn’t lose his composure. Although he was surprised by his young master’s display of affection in public, he didn’t show it. 
On the surface, he looked quite calm. 
But the other younger maids were still in their daydreaming age, and upon seeing that scene, they all blushed and felt as if they had been kissed themselves. 
They all envied Joanna immensely. 
Who said that Mr. Ashton only married Ms. Joanna because he didn’t love her? 
Just look at Mr. Ashton now; he clearly really liked her. 
Otherwise, could he have kissed Ms. Joanna in public without inhibition? 
Oh my, Ms. Joanna is truly fortunate. 
A man like Mr. Ashton, who is perfect and spoils his wife so much, would be hard to find even with a lantern. 
Marrying a man like him would make one’s life complete. 
* 
Ashton Heath asked Zack to drive Joanna to the audition while he went to the company. 
Forty minutes later. 
Joanna arrived early at the audition venue. 
Aria Rowlett was waiting for her in the lobby, and as soon as she saw her, she immediately went over. 
Joanna noticed that there were many other actors from different companies auditioning in the lobby. 
Among them were quite a few mid-level actresses who had just recently risen to fame. 
Joanna’s qualifications and popularity could not even compare to their fingers. 
Immediately, Joanna felt immense pressure. 
However, despite the pressure, she was still quite confident about this audition. 
After all, she had read the novel several times, so she understood the various characters quite well. 
The role Aria wanted her to try out for was very similar in appearance and design to Joanna herself, giving her an advantage. 
Moreover, she understood that Gary White, the director, didn’t just focus on an actor’s fame when choosing them but whether their appearance and character matched the role. 
What was even more important was that he enjoyed promoting newcomers. All those who had been made famous by him were called "Jade Ladies" in the circle. 
In short, if Gary White took a liking to you and wanted to promote you, he could make it happen. 
Aria took Joanna to a less crowded area and then whispered, "Baby, I got the script ahead of time and studied it, and your appearance and personality perfectly match the role of Female Lead 3. You don’t have to worry about fame, Mr. White never cared about that when choosing actors. His name alone is enough to draw a huge crowd. Many newcomers have starred in the TV series he directed, and their ratings were still explosive." 
Joanna nodded, "I know."
###Chapter 298: Chapter 300: I am going to audition, arrange it for me right away.
Upon hearing what Aria Rowlett said, her mental pressure was greatly relieved. 
"How do you feel, are you confident?" Aria Rowlett, who accompanied her to the audition, seemed more nervous than her. 
Joanna Lawrence patted her hand and winked at her: "Don’t worry, I am somewhat confident. I will try my best." 
* 
Meanwhile. 
At the same time as Aria Rowlett was calling Joanna Lawrence, Annie Lawrence also received a call. 
After hanging up, her face suddenly looked serious. 
"Did you know that Gary White’s new TV series is casting actors?" Annie Lawrence clutched her mobile phone tightly and asked her agent, Linda. 
"Yes, I do." Linda nodded, "Didn’t I tell you about this before? You said you were not interested in such romantic dramas." 
After a moment of silence, Annie pursed her lips and said, "I want to audition, please arrange it for me right now." 
Linda was taken aback, her brows furrowed: "Didn’t you already agree to play the Female Lead 1 in ’Empire Palace’? You don’t have the time to take on other projects right now." 
"Hold off on signing for ’Empire Palace’ for now, find an excuse to delay it." 
Linda frowned: "That’s not good. We put a lot of efforts to get this series. It’s a mega historic drama, you know how many people would kill to get to play your role. Even HE Company is still eyeing it, they want Lucy Purser to land your role. Hadn’t it been for Mr. David’s promise to invest two hundred million dollars in ’Empire Palace’, Lucy might have already become the Female Lead 1." 
Though Annie Lawrence could also be considered among the A-list actresses. 
However, even among these A-list actresses, there are different levels. 
She was just barely considered as an A-list actress. 
Lucy Purser was beautiful and talented, and was backed by a wealthy sugar daddy. In terms of fame, she was above Annie Lawrence. 
Her only shortcoming compared to Annie Lawrence was that her sugar daddy was not as rich and powerful as the Benington family. 
"As long as David’s investment is there, the Female Lead 1 will not be taken by anyone else." Annie Lawrence was not worried about these issues at all. 
She knew who Lucy’s sugar daddy was. 
An old, ugly, greasy man who just happened to have some money. 
Compared to the rich and powerful Benington family, it was not worth mentioning. 
As long as David was willing to support her, she needed not worry at all. 
Seeing her indifferent attitude, Linda couldn’t help but worry. 
She knew that with David’s support, Annie’s future would be bright, after all, she could have all sorts of resources. 
Moreover, Annie was a somewhat talented person. 
Certainly, she was no match for the seasoned actors. 
But among the A-list actresses, her acting skills were pretty good. 
As long as she got enough support, she could definitely be famous. 
However... 
Although the Benington family was powerful, there were also more powerful people in this circle. 
Her capricious attitude was certainly not a good sign. 
"Why did you suddenly decide to audition for Gary White’s new series? If you wanted to go, you should have told me earlier, so that I could arrange it for you." Linda was a little upset. 
She was also considered an acclaimed agent in the industry. 
She had guided many successful artists in the past. 
Even if those artists became famous, they still respected her, calling her ’Joanna’ respectfully when they saw her. 
Even David greeted her proactively when he saw her. 
Later on, David had placed Annie Lawrence in the Galaxy Agency, asking her to only take care of Annie in the future.
###Chapter 299: Chapter 301 She is not my sister Joanna!
She thought it would be easier for her in the future. 
But she didn’t expect Ms. Annie Lawrence to have such a bad temper, let alone treat her with respect. She was treated like an assistant. 
Linda had never endured such treatment before. 
Even those artists who were much more popular than Annie Lawrence would greet her with respect and politeness. 
If it weren’t for Annie’s relationship with David, she wouldn’t have been so patient. 
"How should I know? That little bitch Joanna actually went to audition for Gary White’s new TV series!" Annie Lawrence was furious about this, her face somber. "No wonder she turned down the stand-in job, she was plotting this all along." 
"She’s just a minor role player, how dare she dream of Gary White’s TV series? She doesn’t know her own weight." Annie didn’t like literary and art dramas, but she knew how awesome Gary White was. 
Because she knew about Gary White, who liked to promote newcomers, she sensed a crisis when she heard that Joanna went to audition. 
If Gary White didn’t care about fame, that little bitch might have a chance after all. 
After all, she had a siren face that could enchant men. 
If given a chance to shine... 
No, she had to find a way to stop her. 
Under no circumstances would she let Joanna have a chance to rise. 
"Your sister is going to audition for Gary White’s TV series?" Linda was surprised by the news. 
"She’s not my sister!" Annie suddenly became agitated, like a cat whose tail was stepped on. "How could that little bitch possibly be my sister? I have nothing to do with her." 
Just as Linda thought she was expressing disgust towards Joanna, she heard Annie say resentfully, "She’s just a bastard from an orphanage without parents. How could she be fit to be my sister?" 
So what if she took David away? 
Could the bastard from an orphanage be a match for the Benington family? 
She was the true Miss Lawrence. 
Why should she envy a bastard that had a better life than her? 
Everything she had now should have belonged to her in the first place. 
Linda was taken aback, and her face secretly changed. 
This was the first time Annie had mentioned this to her. 
Joanna... was not a blood relative of the Lawrence family?
After a moment of surprise, Linda quickly realized it. 
No wonder she always felt that the Lawrence sisters were not alike in any way. 
From head to toe, there was not a single resemblance. 
She silently suppressed the surprise in her heart and asked calmly, "What about your brother then...?" 
As Annie’s agent for two years, Linda had some understanding of her family. 
She knew she didn’t get along with Joanna and Jeremy. 
"You mean that dead-sick Jeremy?" Annie’s words were full of disgust, and her attitude definitely wasn’t like treating her own brother. "He’s just like that little bitch Joanna, both bastards from an orphanage." 
Linda already guessed it. 
So when Annie told her, she wasn’t very surprised. 
She thought about it and asked another question: "Joanna and Jeremy aren’t biological siblings either, right?" 
These two didn’t resemble each other either. 
"No." Annie inadvertently let out the secret she had kept for many years. Not feeling anything wrong about it, she decided to vent it all to Linda, "Both of them are from an orphanage, adopted by the Lawrence family when they were little over one year old."
###Chapter 300: Chapter 302: I Will Absolutely Not Let Her Get Her Way
"But why didn’t your dad raise his own child, instead of adopting from the orphanage?" 
"Hmph, my father’s ex-wife is just a hen that can’t lay eggs. Otherwise, would he need to adopt?" 
"Initially, my dad only wanted to adopt a son, but boys were in high demand at that time, and he couldn’t find a suitable one. So, he had no choice but to adopt a daughter first. The next year when he found a suitable candidate, that’s when he brought Jeremy home." 
Linda pondered for a while: "Does Joanna and Jeremy know about this?" 
"Hmm." Annie scoffed coldly, her eyes filled with disdain. "I don’t know why my dad insists on keeping it a secret and doesn’t allow me and my mom to reveal this. Maybe he still has some affection for those two bastards, especially Joanna, she used to be his darling daughter." 
"He’s probably afraid that if it got out, it would hurt their pride." 
"But a bastard is a bastard, you can’t hide the truth. I don’t believe this can be kept a secret forever. Ha, I wonder how that little bitch would react when she finds out she’s a bastard." 
Seeing the resentment in Annie’s eyes and her utterly manic demeanor, even Linda was a bit scared. 
She couldn’t understand why Annie, who had successfully snatched David away, still held such a strong hostility? 
What threat could Joanna pose to her now? 
Right now, she was superior to Joanna in every way. 
"A bastard trying to compete with me, dreaming of a better life than mine, she must be dreaming!" Annie squinted her resentful eyes, gritted her teeth and clearly articulated each word, "I will never let her succeed." 
* 
Closia Hotel. 
The audition officially begins. 
When it was Joanna’s turn, the moment she stepped into the audition hall, the man sitting in the middle of the interview panel lit up his eyes. 
His gaze locked onto her.
Joanna respectfully bowed to the panelists and humbly introduced herself: "Hello teachers, my name is Joanna, currently still a student at the Closia Film School. I’m still unsigned and I am here to audition for the role of Nova Brinley." 
The other panelists also felt a light shine on them. 
The girl standing in front of them had an amazing face. 
She had delicate and soft features, a pure demeanor, and yet an alluring charm in her eyes and brows. 
Her shoulder length hair appeared to have an advertisement-like effect, glossy and black. 
She was wearing a simple white long dress, with minimal adornments, exuding an ethereal vibe, like a fairy who had accidentally fallen to the mortal world. 
Even in the entertainment industry filled with handsome men and beautiful women, such an appearance was very outstanding. 
They had been auditioning for nearly an hour now, without finding anyone too satisfying; their faces were all somewhat upset and disinterested. 
Joanna’s appearance was like a refreshing breeze in a sultry season. 
The panelists’ spirits lifted, and their interest piqued. 
Their mood was completely different from before. 
"Joanna Lawrence from Closia Film School?" 
In the middle of the panel was the director, Gary White. 
He personally selected most of the important roles for his films, and the final decision to cast an actor is also his. 
It could be said that he held the most authority in the whole TV series. 
Beyond his exceptional talent and fame, most importantly, he was not short of money.
###Chapter 301: Chapter 303: Female Lead 3 is Settled on Her
Wanting to use money to bribe their way into his film crew was barking up the wrong tree. 
This was also one of the things that Joanna Lawrence admired about Gary White. 
Finally seeing the rumored talented director in person, Joanna tried to suppress her nervous emotions, slowly lifting her head and meeting his gaze. 
When she saw Gary White, a touch of surprise flashed in her eyes. 
He looked much younger and more handsome than on television. 
Even though he had a scruffy beard and looked unkempt, one could still see that his features were profound and attractive. 
Especially those long, slender phoenix eyes, which were slightly narrowed, giving off an enticing charm. 
It was said that he was only thirty years old this year. 
He was a renowned director, good-looking, and allegedly from a distinguished family background. There were countless female stars in the industry who wanted to get close to him, but he seemed to have some sort of emotional cleanliness, so he remained single and was listed as one of the top three wealthy bachelors in Closia that every woman wanted to marry. 
As her gaze met those captivating phoenix eyes, Joanna hesitated for a moment, then lowered her eyes, responding with both politeness and some reverence, "Yes." 
Although Gary White was young, he had a great reputation in the industry. 
Joanna couldn’t take him lightly. 
Joanna could feel that Gary White had been sizing her up. 
His gaze lingered on her for quite some time. 
After a while, he finally asked, "Are you here to audition for Female Lead 3?" 
"Yes." 
Gary White lightly hooked the corner of his lips, "Oh? Have you done any research on this role before?" 
Joanna had prepared thoroughly and answered smoothly. She nodded with a smile, "I’m a huge fan of the original novel. I’ve read it no less than five times, Director White. To sound a little conceited, I believe I’m very suitable for the role of Nova Brinley." 
"If I were to play Female Lead 3, I definitely won’t let you down." 
As soon as her words fell, she could feel someone in the audition room frowning. 
As if they were discontent with her arrogance. 
Joanna ignored that person and only looked at Gary White, maintaining her confidence and composure under his inscrutable gaze. 
Even though her heart was actually already a bundle of nerves. 
Gary White looked at her with a hint of a smile. 
After a moment. 
In Joanna’s tense anticipation, he finally spoke, "Well, go home and wait for the signing notice." 
Joanna first blinked, then widened her eyes in disbelief. 
Just like that?! 
She hadn’t even started acting yet. 
Was she dreaming? 
The other audition staff members were also stunned, as if shocked by Gary White’s approach. 
Okay, they admitted that the young girl auditioning was indeed very pretty and spirited, with a face that was perfect for an actress. 
But just being pretty wasn’t enough. 
They still needed to see if she had any acting skills. 
Compared to acting skills, being pretty was secondary. 
If someone only had a pretty face but no real strength, wouldn’t she just be a vase? 
There could be no vases in Gary White’s TV series. 
Moreover, Female Lead 3 played a very important role with substantial screen time. 
How could they so casually settle on her? 
Someone disagreed and called out, "Director White, but..." 
However, Gary White waved his hand at that person, signaling for them not to say more. 
"You all take note, Female Lead 3 will be played by her. No need to let others audition for this role later."
###Chapter 302: Chapter 304 Our Baby is Finally Going to be Popular
After he said that, no one else dared to say anything else. 
Everyone knew about Gary White’s temper. 
If they dared to keep babbling, he would lose his temper soon. 
When he got angry, he wouldn’t care who you were and would make you lose all face. 
For a moment, no one dared to oppose him anymore. 
Gary White was quite satisfied with their tact, he turned his head and looked at Joanna Lawrence, who was still dumbfounded, and showed a charming smile: "Go back and wait for the signing notice. Perform well and don’t disappoint me." 
* 
Joanna walked out of the audition hall. 
Aria Rowlett, who was waiting outside, came up immediately: "How did it go? How did it go?" 
Joanna’s expression was a bit dazed, but her eyes were shining bright, and her voice was filled with unrepressed excitement: "Guess?" 
"Did you succeed?" The moment Aria saw Joanna’s expression, she knew she must have succeeded. 
Joanna pursed her lips, and the laughter in her eyes seemed about to overflow: "Yes! Aria, I finally succeeded! Director White said I was chosen as Female Lead 3 and asked me to wait for the signing notice." 
"Wow, that’s great! Baby, you’ve finally turned the tide and are about to become famous!" Aria’s face was filled with joy, and she became excited as well, hugging Joanna tightly, "I just knew that you would succeed! Mr. White appreciates newcomers the most, and with your great appearance, he couldn’t possibly ignore you." 
"The fact that he decided on you at the audition means he’s very satisfied with you. This is so great, our baby is finally going to be famous. Oh, I’m so happy for you!" 
Aria was genuinely happy for Joanna. 
Joanna indeed has a good foundation in the entertainment industry, and she’s really suitable for this career. 
However, she never managed to become famous. 
By now, she couldn’t even be considered a D-list celebrity. 
Meanwhile, Annie Lawrence, who is inferior to Joanna in every way, manages to become one of the A-list actresses. 
That’s simply too unfair. 
Joanna is so much better than Annie. If they had the same resources, Joanna would have become a star long ago. 
Aria just couldn’t stand to see that shameless woman Annie get a better life than her baby. 
It made her feel stifled. 
Why could a person who stole someone else’s fiance through despicable means live such a comfortable life? 
A homewrecker should be like a street rat, hated by everyone! 
Joanna also hugged Aria and said with a choked voice: "Yes, I’m so happy too. Aria, thank you for all your help over the years. This audition success is also thanks to you." 
"I must have saved the Milky Way in my past life to have such a good friend like you." 
Joanna really felt undeserving of it. 
To have such a good friend like Aria. 
Sisters couldn’t be more intimate than this. 
If she had a sister like Annie, it would be even worse than having a regular friend. 
So, God is still pretty good to her. 
Though she had been betrayed by her ex-boyfriend and met the disgusting mother-daughter pair of Annie and Rose Liall, God arranged many lovely people around her. 
Jeremy Lawrence, Aria Rowlett, and Ashton Heath... 
These must be God’s compensation to her. 
With them, her life could still be beautiful. 
As for those disgusting people, she would treat them as garbage and dispose of them. 
"Baby, why are you being so polite with me? What kind of revolutionary friendship do we have! Didn’t we promise each other that when you become famous and rich, you will financially support me? I’m just trying to secure my own benefits here."
###Chapter 303: Chapter 305: Is the Audition Over?
"Baby, I’m really looking forward to you becoming famous soon. That way, I can live a comfortable life being financially supported by you. Being a carefree parasite who doesn’t have to worry about food and clothing is my greatest wish in life." 
At this moment, Aria Rowlett did not know that her joking words would eventually come true. 
Except for not being someone’s mistress, a lifetime of not having to worry about food and clothing with someone providing for her, all came true. 
Not only did she become the carefree parasite she had dreamt of, but she also became the highest-ranking kind of parasite. 
"No problem!" Joanna Lawrence’s eyes curved, her face full of ambition and determination, said boldly, "Baby, just wait for me to become famous. At that time, I’ll satisfy all your desires for cars and houses, and I’ll support you for a lifetime." 
"Hahaha, ’I’ll support you for a lifetime’ is the most touching love confession I’ve ever heard," Aria Rowlett said, then sighed gently, regretting, "If it weren’t for the fact that you already have a heartthrob, it wouldn’t be bad for the two of us to rely on each other for a lifetime." 
"Even if you have a heartthrob, we can secretly be together and not let him know."
"Hahaha, I like this idea. Why do I feel so excited thinking about the green hat I’m about to give to the heartthrob." 
"..." 
The two were excited for a while in the hall, and then gradually calmed down. 
Joanna said she wanted to treat Aria to a meal and insisted on taking her to the Secret Revolving Restaurant, where the average consumption per person is at least ten thousand. 
Aria Rowlett was, of course, more than happy. 
"By the way, Baby, do you want to call the heartthrob?" 
As the two walked hand in hand to the hotel entrance, Aria Rowlett suggested, "I think that since you’ve been with the heartthrob, your luck has changed. Shouldn’t you invite him to a meal and thank him too?" 
Joanna paused. 
She looked up at Aria Rowlett, blinked, and said, "Right, he knows I came to audition today. I haven’t called him yet to share the good news." 
Speak of the devil, and he shall appear. 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, she felt her phone vibrate. 
She took out her phone and saw that Ashton Heath had sent her a text message. 
Ashton Heath: Have you finished your audition? 
"Hahaha, we were just talking about the heartthrob, and now he’s sending you a message," Aria Rowlett saw the message and said with a grin, "Hurry up and make a date with the heartthrob. Let’s all have lunch together." 
"I haven’t seen the heartthrob for several days, and not seeing that exceptionally handsome face for one day is making me feel uneasy." 
Joanna: "...Hmph, a face-loving dog!" 
Thinking back to their previous long vacations when they didn’t see each other for a month or two, Joanna never heard Aria say anything like that before. 
In this face-loving dog’s heart, what is sisterhood! 
Being called a face-loving dog, Aria Rowlett wasn’t bothered at all, and cheerfully said, "Who in this world isn’t a face-loving dog? Who doesn’t judge by appearance? It’s just a matter of degree. Besides, with the heartthrob looking like that, I don’t believe any other woman can remain indifferent when they see him!" 
"Maybe they’re even more crazy than me. Look at our school with Noah Hampden, just one guy made them go crazy like that. The heartthrob is definitely a higher level than Noah Hampden. If the heartthrob was a student in our school, they’d all go insane!" 
"Compared to them, I’m already quite reserved." 
Joanna: "..." 
When Aria Rowlett wants to persuade someone, her words can indeed be quite convincing.
###Chapter 304: Chapter 306: The Rotten White Lotus with a Blackened Core
The key is that you’d even find her words reasonable. 
Seeing Aria speak so confidently, Joanna couldn’t help but think of Brandon Heath. 
She wondered what Aria’s reaction would be if she ever met Brandon Heath. 
Would she still be this playful and giggly in front of such a serious and imposing man? 
After all, Aria had once been infatuated with Brandon Heath’s face and even claimed that she would have no regrets in life if she could meet him face-to-face. 
This showed the extent of her obsession with Brandon Heath. 
Given their previous status, it was impossible for them to meet someone like Brandon Heath in this lifetime. 
But now... 
As Brandon Heath’s sister-in-law, Joanna wouldn’t have to worry about not having the opportunity to meet him. 
Since she had such a connection, she would definitely use it to help her best friend. 
Joanna silently kept this matter in mind, but she didn’t plan to tell Aria about it until she had it all figured out. 
It would be... a surprise for Aria. 
Joanna sent a text message to Ashton Heath: Hmm, just finished the audition. Are you free at noon? Want to have lunch together? 
Just after she sent the message, she suddenly heard Aria exclaim, "Huh?" and her tone immediately changed for the worse: "Joanna, is that woman in the white dress outside Annie Lawrence?" 
Annie Lawrence? 
Hearing this name, Joanna’s eyebrows involuntarily furrowed.
She looked up and frowned towards the revolving glass door outside. 
She immediately saw Annie Lawrence, who was just stepping onto the stairs. 
Annie was accompanied by her agent, wearing a fairy-like white dress, her silky hair flowing naturally, and with a face of light makeup, she looked like a pure white lotus blossoming out of the mud. 
In reality, she was indeed a white lotus. 
Only, it was a rotten white lotus with a dark core. 
"Why would she be here?" Aria also frowned, clearly disgusted with Annie. Even when Joanna hadn’t completely fallen out with her stepsister, Aria already hated her. 
With Aria’s keen eye, she could tell at a glance that Annie was a scheming bitch. 
Back then, she had warned Joanna several times, advising her to be cautious and keep Annie and David apart. 
However, Joanna had too much faith in David. 
Believing that David would never cheat, Joanna ignored the warnings. 
As a result... 
Joanna pursed her lips tightly without saying anything. 
She was curious too, why would Annie come here? 
"Could it be that she’s also here to audition?" Aria considered the possibility, widening her eyes. "But wasn’t she already confirmed to star in ’Empire Palace’? Would she even have time for another TV series?" 
Annie and her agent entered through the revolving glass door. 
Upon entering the hotel lobby, Annie glanced at Joanna standing by the entrance, paused for a moment, and then walked toward her with a smile. 
"Joanna." 
She greeted Joanna sweetly and with a smile on her face. 
Aria immediately got goosebumps all over her body. 
Linda glanced at Annie and felt a chill in her heart. 
She remembered that just half an hour ago, Annie was still making fierce remarks, calling Joanna a bastard and appearing to hate her intensely. 
Yet now, she could be all smiles, greeting her amicably. 
Such a two-faced woman is truly terrifying.
###Chapter 305: Chapter 307: Can You Stop Disgusting Me?
Even though Linda was in the business, she was a bit afraid of such double-faced people. 
Looking at Annie’s sweet smile full of "kindness and beauty", Joanna felt disgust deep down, giving her a cold face, and replied coldly, "Annie, you’d better not call me your sister in the future, let’s not be hypocritical. Just call each other by our names when we meet." 
"Otherwise, every time you call me sister, I feel as sick as if I swallowed a fly. It’s disgusting for you to say it, and even more disgusting for me to hear it. David isn’t here, so there’s no need for you to act so dedicated with your crappy acting skills." 
Her words were dripping with irony. 
It could be said that Joanna didn’t give Annie any face. 
Aria Rowlett standing nearby felt extremely comfortable hearing these words, wanting to give Joanna two thumbs up. 
Her baby was just too amazing. 
Without uttering a single swear word, she could make Annie’s face turn pale with anger. 
This was precisely how one should deal with such a black-hearted lotus. 
"Joanna, you..." Annie’s face was so green with anger that she couldn’t bring herself to vent it out publicly. 
There were still so many people standing around in the hall. 
She was now a well-known artist. 
Every move she made was watched by countless eyes. 
If she wasn’t careful, she could easily be maligned. 
"NONONO." Joanna waved a finger in front of her, ignoring the fury that was about to burst from her eyes, and said with a smile, "Annie, I just told you that calling me that makes me sick. Could you please stop disgusting me? " 
"Just call me by my name directly. After all, I don’t have a shameless sister like you." 
"You, you..." Annie was so humiliated that her facial features were all twisted, and it seemed like she couldn’t hold back her anger any longer. 
She raised her hand, making a gesture as if she was about to slap Joanna. 
"Annie." Linda quickly whispered a reminder, "Pay attention to your image. People are watching. Don’t fall into their trap." 
Annie was startled, looked up and indeed saw people glancing in her direction. 
Among them was one of her arch-enemies. 
She quickly withdrew her hand. 
But the anger in her eyes had not subsided. 
She glared at Joanna resentfully and gritted her teeth, "Joanna, you’ve gone too far." 
"Oh, it’s not easy." Joanna turned her head and casually said to Aria, "She finally understands human language. Otherwise, if she continued to disgust me, I might have vomited up last night’s leftover meal." 
Aria had always disliked Annie. Naturally, she would cooperate at this time. She looked at Annie once, then nodded and said, "Yeah, I’m disgusted too. No wonder I smelled a fox-like odor from far away just now. Turns out it’s from some shameless siren." 
Annie was now a popular star, and had officially become David’s girlfriend. She was at the peak of her career. 
She was so proud. 
There were many people around her who would bow and please her. 
When had she ever been humiliated like this? 
It was bad enough that Joanna humiliated her. 
Even a messy character like Aria would dare to insult her? 
She felt like going crazy with anger. 
But in such a situation, no matter how angry she was, she had to bear it. 
Her face turned a liverish color from holding her anger, and her eyes glared viciously at Aria, looking like she wished she could skin Aria alive.
###Chapter 306: Chapter 308: Can’t Wait to Skin Them Alive!
Even with Aria Rowlett’s ample courage, she was a bit frightened by Annie’s appearance. 
Usually, Annie would maintain a peaceful and gracious demeanor, like a lotus flower in tranquil waters. 
She seemed gentle and non-competitive. 
This was the first time Aria had seen Annie’s other side. 
And for a first impression, it was quite terrifying. 
"Annie, let’s go. Don’t you have to audition? It’s almost your turn. Director White really dislikes latecomers." Linda feared that Annie would lose her temper and impulsively do something that would be hard to resolve. 
Linda had put a lot of effort into supporting Annie’s rise to fame, investing many resources in her. 
Even if she was somewhat dissatisfied with Annie now, she didn’t want the actress she had worked so hard to cultivate to ruin her career. 
It wouldn’t benefit her at all. 
Annie took a deep breath, clenched her fists, and snarled, "Joanna Lawrence, just you wait and see." 
Joanna looked as if she didn’t care, smiling indifferently, "Sure, I’ll be waiting." 
"You’ll regret it." 
After gritting her teeth and dropping this sentence, Annie walked past them with a solemn expression on her face. 
Joanna stood there for a few seconds, then linked arms with Aria and walked into the revolving glass door, leaving the hotel. 
* 
In the elevator... 
The moment the elevator doors closed, Annie’s face instantly darkened. 
Her eyes were filled with coldness and anger, and she gnashed her teeth, swearing, "Bitch! What the hell is she? How dare she be so arrogant in front of me? And that little bitch Aria, she’s despicable. I wish I could skin them both alive!" 
Seeing her furious face, Linda’s expression shifted and she tried to calm Annie down softly, "Why bother lowering yourself to their level? Their purpose in doing so is to provoke your anger and lead you to attack them in public." 
"If you do that, you’ll fall right into their trap. She’s sure to use that incident to smear you. She has no fame yet, while you are at the peak of your career. If you make a fuss, you’ll be the one to suffer." 
"Barefoot people have nothing to lose. You should understand this." 
Annie clenched her fists and said vehemently, "Of course I know! Otherwise, how could I have been holding myself back all this time? But I just can’t swallow my pride. Joanna is nothing but a loser compared to me. She has no business being so arrogant in front of me!" 
Is it because of that mysterious man? 
Is that why she dares to be so domineering and arrogant? 
Who is he, and what’s his identity? 
Why is it that she had checked and rechecked him, using almost all her connections, but still couldn’t find out who he is? 
Could it be that his identity is truly so eminent that it’s impossible to investigate? 
She had paid for the most ruthless and skilled private detectives, who had been investigating him for days, but they couldn’t find even the slightest clue. 
However, if his identity was truly that remarkable, how could Joanna know him? 
How did they get acquainted? 
A thick cloud of doubt weighed heavily on her heart, making her increasingly curious about the identity of the mysterious man. 
"What have you got to be angry about?" Linda patiently comforted her, choosing her words carefully to appeal to her, "She’s inferior to you in every way, not even worthy of being compared to you. If I were you, I wouldn’t waste my time and energy on such a minor character. There’s no need."
###Chapter 307: Chapter 309: I’ll Audition for Female Lead 3 Then
After hearing Linda’s flattery, Annie’s face slightly improved. 
She couldn’t help but feel a bit smug. 
Indeed, she now enjoyed career and love success, and countless people in the industry envied her. 
Especially after they learned she was about to marry into the Benington family, her friends were extremely envious, saying she would soon become a wealthy young lady. With the Benington family’s wealth and status, even if she quit the entertainment circle, she would still lead a comfortable life without any worries. 
This line of work brought hard-earned money. 
Many actresses dreamt of earning enough dowry and marrying into a wealthy family, becoming wealthy wives, and living leisurely lives dedicated to their husbands and children. 
Annie was quite satisfied with everything she had now. 
Except... 
When she thought of that mysterious man, she felt discontent deep inside. 
If that man had an even more remarkable identity and status than David, she couldn’t let Joanna, that little bitch, benefit from it. 
Before finding out the man’s true identity, she wasn’t eager to marry David. 
Fortunately, Lady Taylor hadn’t yet agreed on her and David’s relationship, so Annie still had time... 
"I don’t know which role that little bitch is auditioning for. Do you think she stands a chance of getting it?" Annie’s brow tightened, still feeling worried. 
That little bitch’s face was too eye-catching. 
When she used to do minor roles without showing her face, Annie didn’t worry much. 
But if Joanna were to land a decent role, it wouldn’t be a good thing. 
Linda thought for a moment and said, "I’ve heard that Female Lead 1 has been decided already. Today’s auditions are for Female Lead 2 and Female Lead 3. Female Lead 2 has significant screen time, so with Joanna’s current fame, she probably won’t get that role. It’s most likely Female Lead 3." 
"Is that so?" Annie’s lips curled slightly, but her gaze remained cold, "Then I’ll audition for Female Lead 3." 
Linda was startled, her face full of surprise, "You want to audition for Female Lead 3? With your current fame, playing Female Lead 3 would be too disappointing." 
Annie said coldly, "I’d rather suffer the loss myself than give Joanna any chance to shine." 
"But..." 
"You don’t have to say anything. It’s decided." 
* 
On the other side, after Joanna finished her audition, Gary White, who was in charge of the audition hall, left shortly after. 
He got into an elevator. 
The assistant, who also left with Gary White, asked with confusion, "Director White, you didn’t have to come personally today. Why did you...?" 
Come after all. 
Gary White smiled but didn’t answer the question directly, "What do you think of Joanna?" 
"Ah?" The assistant was momentarily stumped but respectfully answered, "Very beautiful, very stunning. Female Lead 3 in the series is supposed to be a great beauty, and she fits the appearance very well." 
Gary White nodded, "That’s what I thought too. When I first saw her, I felt like Nova Brinley walked out of the book and stood right in front of me." 
"I originally came today as a favor to someone. I didn’t expect this to be such a pleasant surprise." As he said this, Gary White’s lips curled with satisfaction. 
The assistant was puzzled again, "Director White, do you mean you chose Joanna because someone asked you to, repaying a favor?" 
"That was the plan." 
Gary White rubbed his chin, his phoenix-like eyes flashing with brilliance, "Now, though, I feel like I’m the one who’s gained. Hahaha..."
###Chapter 308: Chapter 310: Truly Letting Go of Oneself
Assistant: "..." 
He felt that Director White’s laughter now resembled a person who’d deceived an innocent woman. 
Quite creepy. 
* 
Heath Group. 
President’s office. 
Cody Aberton knocked on the door, reporting the news he’d just received: "President Ashton, Ms. Joanna successfully passed the audition. Director White said that you can rest assured, he will definitely take care of her. He also said he is very satisfied with Miss White and expressed his gratitude for recommending such a suitable actress to him." 
In front of the black office desk. 
The man flipping through documents stopped his movements.
Ashton Heath slowly raised his head, revealing an enchanting, handsome, and profound face. 
"He said he’s very satisfied?" 
"Yes," Cody Aberton replied truthfully. "He said Ms. Joanna is exactly the Female Lead 3 he’s been looking for." 
Ashton Heath fell silent for a moment, then said indifferently, "So it’s not him repaying a favor to me but me helping him again?" 
Cody Aberton: "This..." 
"Alright, you may leave now," Ashton Heath rubbed his eyebrows and waved his hand. 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton turned and left, gently closing the door behind him. 
Ashton Heath set the documents aside, picked up his phone next to him, thought for a moment, and sent a message to Joanna Lawrence: Are you done with the audition? 
Soon, his cellphone vibrated. 
Joanna Lawrence replied. 
Ashton Heath looked at the message and gradually hooked up the corners of his lips. He pressed the intercom, calling Cody Aberton, who’d left the office less than a minute ago, back in. 
His long, fair hand with distinct knuckles glided gently across the phone screen. Ashton lifted his eyes and glanced at Cody Aberton: "Give me the schedule for today." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton thought for a moment and immediately replied: "President Ashton, you have a lunch appointment with Mr. Dave of VastRich Bank. In the afternoon, you’re scheduled to play golf and ride horses with the chairman of Newman Group. As for the evening, there’s no arrangement yet." 
Ashton Heath thought for a moment and said, "Cancel the lunch appointment." 
"You want to cancel the lunch appointment with Mr. Dave?" Cody Aberton hesitated for a moment and reminded him, "President Ashton, Mr. Dave made this lunch appointment a month in advance. It wouldn’t be good to cancel it like this. We’ll need to get a loan from VastRich Bank for the upcoming cooperation." 
"Reschedule the lunch appointment to tomorrow," Ashton Heath looked at the text message sent by Joanna Lawrence, the corner of his lips hooked up, his eyes filled with pleasure. "Tell Mr. Dave that I have important matters at noon today and cannot spare the time." 
"... Yes, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton saw that his boss had already made up his mind and didn’t say anything more. 
Anyway, he felt that ever since President Ashton got married, he’d become quite wilful. 
In the past, President Ashton had been a very principled person. 
If it was a pre-arranged lunch appointment, he would never suddenly change the time. 
At least, in the years that Cody Aberton had been by his side, he hadn’t seen him do such a thing. 
Ever since President Ashton returned to the country, he’s been... 
No, it should be said that it started after his marriage. 
Cody Aberton could basically guess that President Ashton’s sudden cancellation this time was most likely because of Ms. Joanna again. 
Only when it concerns matters related to Ms. Joanna would he become like this. 
"The thing I asked you to do earlier, have you taken care of it?" Ashton Heath suddenly remembered something. He’d previously instructed Cody Aberton to purchase a villa for the Lawrence family, so it should be about time that it got taken care of now.
###Chapter 309: Chapter 311: Presenting it to her with both hands
"Is President Ashton talking about buying the Lawrence Villa?" 
"Yes." 
Cody Aberton thought for a moment and said respectfully, "It’s almost done. I’ve arranged for someone to talk to the Lawrence family and offered a considerable price, but the Lawrence family doesn’t want to sell the villa. " 
"They said that it is the old house of the Lawrence family, and it affects the family’s feng shui. No matter how much money is offered, they won’t sell." 
"President Ashton instructed that if normal procedures don’t work, try other means. So, I set up a problem for Benjamin Lawrence and in the end, he will have to sell it to solve that problem." 
"Well, you’re doing a great job. Remember, by any means necessary, we must get that villa." Ashton Heath squinted, and when he thought of how the daughter of the Lawrence family treated Joanna, a cold look appeared in his eyes. 
He was not particularly interested in the Lawrence Villa. 
The reason why he insisted on acquiring it was for Joanna. 
There was something inside the house that she cared about. 
As long as it was what she cared about, what she wanted, he would offer it to her with both hands. 
He now understood why the ancient monarchs did absurd things for a beauty’s smile. 
When you have someone you put on the top of your heart, you would want to give her the world. 
Would even want to give her your heart. 
"Alright, you can go now." 
Ashton Heath waved his hand, signaling Cody to leave. 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton turned around and was just about to walk out when he heard his boss tell him to stop. 
He withdrew his hand from the door, "Does President Ashton have any other instructions?" 
Ashton Heath looked down at the phone screen and paused for a moment before saying, "To congratulate the other party with a gift, what is usually good to give?" 
"Huh?" Cody was stunned for a second. 
After a few seconds, he responded. 
He daringly guessed and asked gingerly, "Is President Ashton considering giving a gift to Ms. Joanna?" 
The only person who could make his boss take the effort was Ms. Joanna. 
In the past, Mr. Ashton would give gifts to others by directly handing them to their female secretary. 
When did he ever take the initiative to ask about such things? 
Ashton Heath simply hummed in affirmation. 
"Is President Ashton celebrating Ms. Joanna’s successful audition?" 
"Yes." 
"Usually, gifts for women include flowers, jewelry, and the like. Of course, it mainly depends on what Ms. Joanna likes. This way, you can cater to her preferences better." 
Ashton Heath frowned, "See what she likes?" 
"Yes. Why not try asking her indirectly?" 
* 
Joanna and Aria Rowlett left the hotel and called a cab to take them to the Secret Revolving Restaurant. 
Ashton had taken her to the restaurant once before. 
As soon as she got in the car, she received a text message from Ashton. 
Ashton Heath: Mmm, I’m free. Give me the address, and I’ll come find you. 
Joanna smiled, typed quickly, and sent a reply: It’s the same revolving restaurant we went to before. I want to share some good news with you - I passed the audition! Aria and I are together now, so I am treating you both to a big meal today! 
Ashton Heath: Aria Rowlett is also there? 
Joanna seemed to detect a hint of dissatisfaction from the text. 
She guessed the reason and replied with amusement: What’s with that tone? Aria is not a stranger. Moreover, this audition opportunity was brought to me by her, so it is right that I should thank her the most.
###Chapter 310: Chapter 312: Hubby, Hold Me!
Ashton Heath: I thought it would be just the two of us on a date. 
Joanna Lawrence knew that’s what was bothering him and tried not to laugh as she responded: We see each other every day, and we’ll have plenty of time for private dates in the future. Don’t be so petty, alright? 
This time, Ashton Heath didn’t reply right away. 
Instead, it took him almost a minute to reply with a single word: Okay. 
Seeing his "Okay" response, Joanna couldn’t help but picture him typing it out cutely, finding it incredibly adorable. 
She searched for a cute reaction image and sent it to him. 
* 
Ashton Heath received the reaction image from Joanna when he was already in the car. 
The moment he received it, he had one thought in his mind. 
That was to take Joanna to bed and have her desperately. 
To have her trembling and crying beneath him. 
Just like that night, making her cry and beg him, turning her into a delicate pink rose under his body. 
She had sent him a picture of a cat hugging a human arm, which was nothing special, but what caught his attention was the caption accompanying the image: "Husband, hold onto me!" 
Ashton Heath stared at the word "husband" over and over again, imagining how soft and sweet Joanna’s voice would be when calling him that, and found his body reacting to the thought. 
He looked down at the "erection" and saw a deep desire in his eyes. 
"Temptress!" Aston gritted his teeth and took a deep breath, staring at the erection that wouldn’t subside and covered it with a thin blanket. 
Just hold on a bit longer. 
Once her damn period was over, he would make her pay with interest.
He would make her cry and beg him for mercy again. 
After driving for a while. 
As they passed a flower shop, Ashton Heath asked Cody Aberton to stop the car. 
Cody parked the car and looked outside, guessing what Ashton wanted to do when he saw the flower shop across the street. 
"President Ashton, let me know what kind of flowers you want to buy, and I’ll go buy them for you." 
Cody thought that buying flowers was something Mr. Ashton shouldn’t do himself, especially with an assistant like him around. 
Ashton Heath directly opened the car door and ordered in a calm voice: "Wait in the car, I’ll go take a look." 
After saying that, he got out of the car. 
A tall, handsome figure like him stood out wherever he went. 
As Ashton Heath got out of the car, two girls passing by covered their mouths and squealed in hushed tones: "Wow, look at that handsome guy." 
"Did he get out of that Rolls-Royce? Wow, handsome and rich, simply top-notch!" 
"At least 6’1", those legs are so long, such a heavenly height. He must be a model or something." 
The two girls were chattering excitedly, their faces flushed as they walked past him. 
Several other girls passing by were also sneaking glances at him, all of them excited and thrilled to see such a handsome guy. 
One of them even boldly walked up to him, trying to ask for his contact information. 
The girl asking for his contact information was no more than twenty years old, very young, with a face as tender as a peeled egg. She nervously asked with a blushing face, twirling her finger: "Hi, handsome guy, how are you? Can we be friends?" 
"My name is Chen..." 
Before the girl could finish her brave self-introduction, a deep, cold voice sounded from above her head, full of indifference: "Excuse me, please move aside and don’t block the way. I’m going to buy flowers for my wife in the flower shop."
###Chapter 311: Chapter 313: President Ashton is really good at attracting bees and butterflies
"Wife?" The girl was stunned, and then her heart shattered into pieces. 
Such a top-notch handsome guy, and he’s already married. 
The other girls nearby also wore expressions of regret, but then they thought, doesn’t a man with such good conditions have a bunch of women chasing after him? 
Men like him always have countless women surrounding them. 
It’s impossible for him to belong to the category of late marriage. 
I wonder what his wife looks like, if she’s also a feast for the eyes. 
The moment the man mentioned his wife, his eyes softened a lot, and he no longer appeared so distant. 
Moreover, he’s personally picking flowers for his wife at the flower shop. 
It shows that he must really love his wife, right? 
A few of the young girls showed envy in their eyes. 
These girls didn’t have thick skins, so once they knew Ashton Heath was married, they stopped clinging to him. 
In the car. 
Cody Aberton saw this scene and sighed secretly that his boss Ashton Heath really had extraordinary charm. 
No matter where he appears, he can always attract a group of women. 
He thought it was better for him to get off the car and buy things instead. 
After all, President Ashton’s face was too good at attracting bees and butterflies. 
"Hello, welcome." 
As Ashton Heath walked into the flower shop, an employee came up to him immediately. 
The moment her eyes fell on Ashton Heath, they were clearly stunned. 
The man was dressed in all black, with long and straight legs that were particularly eye-catching. His deep, sculptural features made him incredibly handsome. Even with his simple attire, he couldn’t hide the noble air he exuded from the inside out. 
With such an outstanding appearance, the employee was in a daze for a few seconds. 
Until she heard the man say, "Pick some flowers that girls will like, I’m giving them as a gift." 
Hearing his deep, magnetic voice, the employee’s heartbeat sped up, her face flushed as she asked, "Sir, may I ask who you are giving them to? A colleague, a friend, or..." 
"My wife." 
When the man uttered the words "my wife," his tone softened considerably, revealing a hint of pampering. 
The reaction from the employee was the same as those young girls outside just now. Upon realizing that such a top-notch handsome guy was already a married man, she couldn’t help but feel a slight sense of loss. 
"Oh, oh, sir, please wait a moment. I will pick the flowers for you right away." 
As the employee turned around, she couldn’t help but steal a few more glances at Ashton Heath. 
This customer was really, really handsome. 
Appearance, figure, temperament, and taste in clothing – all were top-class. 
He was simply the equivalent of a stunning beauty among women. 
The kind that could cause the downfall of a nation. 
With such good looks, and seemingly wealthy based on his attire, he was also so thoughtful towards his wife. 
His wife must have saved the universe in her past life to be able to marry such an outstanding man. 
* 
After Joanna Lawrence and Aria Rowlett arrived at the restaurant, they sent another message to Ashton Heath, informing him that they had arrived. 
Ashton quickly replied, saying that he would be there in a few more minutes. 
As the two took their seats, the waiter came over and handed them the menu. 
Joanna casually flipped through it and handed the menu to Aria without ordering: "Aria, you pick." 
"Ordering already?" Aria took the menu, "Aren’t we going to wait for heartthrob? Let’s order when he arrives." 
"He’s almost here; just pick a few that you like." Joanna patted her chest generously, "Order whatever you want; don’t worry about the price."
###Chapter 312: Chapter 314: This Wicked Rich Man!
Ashton Heath gave her that prestige card, but she hadn’t really spent much from it yet. 
Now she understood. 
Since she had decided to accept Ashton Heath, she should treat him as her real husband. 
So, it’s only natural for a wife to spend her husband’s money, right? 
Moreover, her husband was so rich. 
As she spent the money, she felt even less burdened. 
On the contrary, she thought that the one who should feel guilty if she didn’t use it would be Ashton Heath. 
"Baby, are you sure you’re treating me to a meal here?" 
Aria Rowlett glanced at the menu and was a bit astonished by the prices. 
This Secret Revolving Restaurant was quite famous. 
She had been here once before, when Gary White took her for a business meeting. That meal was for six people and cost almost one million dollars. 
That several-million-dollar dinner party left a deep impression on Aria Rowlett. 
"Of course, do I look like I’m joking?" 
"But it’s very expensive here..." 
Aria Rowlett picked up the menu to hide half of her face, and lowered her voice to talk to Joanna, "If heartthrob is treating us, I wouldn’t question even a more expensive place. Are you sure you are treating us? Do you have enough money on you?" 
Aria Rowlett knew Joanna’s financial situation. 
Last time they went to the restaurant, it was Ashton Heath who invited them. 
So, she didn’t worry about Joanna’s ability to pay the bill at all. 
Even though this place costs a little less than the other restaurant, the meal for the three of them will still be at least six figures, right? 
Without saying anything, Joanna took a wallet out of her bag, and then took out a prestige card from the wallet. 
She then put that card, which symbolizes one’s status and wealth, on the table: "Baby, don’t worry about it. There’s definitely enough money in the card to pay for this meal." 
"Wow, a prestige card?" 
Aria Rowlett’s eyes widened instantly. She picked up the card and examined it back and forth, then asked Joanna in an even lower voice, with excitement, "Baby, did heartthrob give you this card?" 
"Yeah." 
"How much money is in the card?" 
Joanna honestly confessed, "About one million dollars a month, he said it was my allowance." 
"Wow, a one-million-dollar allowance per month?" Aria Rowlett was so envious that she almost drooled. 
"Well, yeah. And he also said that since I can’t spend extravagantly, he would give me a smaller amount first." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Damn these rich people! 
Are all allowances starting from a million dollars nowadays? 
"Baby, please tell me, does heartthrob have any brothers, either older or younger? As long as they’re grown-ups. Ahhh, I want a boyfriend who can give me a million dollars per month too! How do I suddenly want to be in a relationship?" 
With a boyfriend who gives a one-million-dollar allowance per month, why bother working so hard? 
Little did she know, her ultimate life goal is to be a happy and carefree rice bug, who can eat, sleep, play well and never worry about food and clothing for the rest of her life. 
Joanna thought of Brandon Heath and felt a bit subtle. She hesitated and said, "He has an older brother." 
"An older brother? Older brothers are good." Aria Rowlett grinned, "Real brothers, who came out of the same mother’s womb?" 
"Yes, real brothers." And he’s your other heartthrob, Joanna mentally added this sentence. 
"Have you met him? Is he handsome? Does he have a good figure? And is he on the same level as my heartthrob?" 
Joanna contemplated for a while before answering, "He’s quite handsome, I guess. And his figure is quite good, I guess. As for the
###Chapter 313: Chapter 315: Is That Person Jeremy?
She rolled her eyes and hinted, "I think he’s about the same level as your ex-crush, Brandon." 
She had seen Brandon on TV, so it could be considered that she had met him. 
"At the same level as Brandon?" Aria was instantly spirited up. If she was joking earlier, now she had a hint of seriousness in her expression, "Are you sure? You’re not lying to me? Is he really that handsome?" 
Joanna nodded, "Yes, I’m sure." 
She thought to herself, how could she be unsure? 
After all, she was talking about Brandon himself! 
However, she imagined that if Aria really met Brandon, she would probably chicken out. 
She would definitely not dare to act infatuated in front of him. 
After all, Brandon was handsome, but he had a veteran’s personality, and the most serious and frightening kind of veteran in the department. 
Facing that ice-cold carved face, no matter how good-looking it was, it would make people keep their distance. 
"Is he still single?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, not making her words too definite: "I think so." 
She hadn’t heard of Brandon ever having a girlfriend. 
And he was so busy all the time, flying from place to place, would he have time for a girlfriend? 
Aria gripped Joanna’s hand on the table, tightened it, and said earnestly, "Baby, as the saying goes, don’t let the fat water flow to others. You have such a good resource, why didn’t you tell me earlier?" 
"If you marry the heartthrob, and I marry his brother, we will become real sister-in-laws. The best friends become in-laws, isn’t that wonderful?" 
"Once we become a family, our friendship will be even stronger. Don’t you think so?" 
Joanna: "... Yes." 
"So, for my lifelong happiness, and for our friendship to be even closer and stronger, you must help your best friend this time." 
Joanna looked at Aria’s serious expression, and for a moment, she couldn’t tell if she was joking or not. 
If possible, she would of course want Aria to be her sister-in-law. 
The ideal sister-in-law relationship is when your sister-in-law is your best friend, right? 
But Aria and Brandon? 
Would this combination be a good match... 
Aria’s explosive and playful personality might not like a man like Brandon with a veteran’s character. 
Moreover, if she had to introduce them, she would need to ask Ashton Heath about Brandon’s relationship status and whether he was considering anything in this regard. 
"Aria, are you serious?" Joanna asked earnestly, "Do you really want to meet his brother?" 
"Yes, I do." 
Aria smiled and said, "A man at Brandon’s level is a top-notch handsome guy. If I have the chance, I definitely want to meet him. Even if he doesn’t fancy me and we can’t be lovers, being friends with a top-notch handsome guy is also a pleasant thing." 
Joanna: "..." 
Okay, she could see that Aria was not really serious about it. 
She just wanted to meet another handsome guy. 
After seeing through her thoughts, Joanna didn’t want to bother with her anymore. 
"Huh." 
Aria was originally looking at the decorations in the restaurant, her eyes then glanced around and she spotted a familiar figure. She showed a surprised expression. 
She widened her eyes a bit, shaking Joanna’s arm: "Joanna, look, isn’t that Jeremy?"
###Chapter 314: Chapter 316: Did the two of them have a fight?
"Jeremy?" 
Upon hearing Aria Rowlett mention Jeremy, Joanna Lawrence immediately raised her head to look in the direction she was pointing. 
Seconds later, her eyes also widened in surprise. 
In front of them not far away, a young couple was walking towards them. 
They both looked young, around sixteen or seventeen years old. 
The young man was dressed in a white shirt and trousers, tall and thin with an exquisitely handsome appearance. Although his clothes were utterly ordinary, his appearance was extraordinarily outstanding. 
He was even more attractive than the currently popular idols. 
The girl next to him was dressed fashionably, adorned with branded clothing from head to toe. Her slightly curled, brown hair flowed freely and a pink diamond hair clip was pinned in it. 
The girl was cute and charming, the perfect age for vibrant, collagen-rich skin. Her cheeks revealed a baby-soft quality and apple-shaped cheeks appeared whenever she smiled, a clear embodiment of youthful beauty. 
Both of them were incredibly good-looking; they were indeed a handsome pair. 
The young man was at least 1.8 meters tall and the girl beside him was only shoulder-height to him, making her look even more petite, very much the image of a gentle and dependent bird. 
Joanna Lawrence stared wide-eyed as the waiter led the boy and the girl to a table. 
The waiter was exceedingly respectful as he pulled out a chair for them.
The girl seemed accustomed to this level of service; she gracefully picked up her skirt and elegantly sat down. 
The waiter then went to the other side to pull out a chair for the boy. 
However, the boy didn’t move. He lowered his head, looking at the girl on his side, his expression not quite right. 
"Oh my gosh, what’s going on!" Aria Rowlett’s face was glowing with gossip as she kept her gaze on Jeremy. "Is Jeremy on a date with that girl? Joanna, when did Jeremy get a girlfriend? Did you know?" 
Joanna Lawrence was utterly flabbergasted; she had no idea. 
It was also her first time seeing Josh with a girl. 
She was surprised too, okay? 
She had a hundred questions in her mind and was curious about what sort of relationship Jeremy had with that girl. 
"From my observation, the girl who’s with Jeremy is definitely an ideal beauty from a super-rich family. The hair clip she’s wearing is a new design from Locks Boutique, embedded with pink diamonds, costing at least six figures. The pink princess dress she’s wearing is also a new design from Locks Boutique and also six figures starting price. Her bracelet, her shoes, and the cartoon bag that she’s carrying, they are all luxury brands." 
"I mean, considering her whole look, it may total up to around seven to eight hundred thousand dollars. And seeing how respectful the waiter is towards her, it seems like they know about her status. Typical affluent persons don’t command such treatment." 
"That’s impressive, Jeremy has found such a rich and ideal beauty without making a sound about it. He just got discharged from the hospital, and he’s already bringing a girl out on a date? The young couple seems to get along very well. But Jeremy doesn’t seem very happy; I wonder if they had a fight." 
"Joanna, should we go over and say hi?" 
Joanna Lawrence was still silent, her lips pressed tightly together. 
She was also scrutinizing the girl. 
As Aria Rowlett had said, from the girl’s branded attire and the way she carried herself, it was obvious that she was from a very affluent background. 
One glance was all it took to determine that she was most certainly a rich man’s daughter. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at the girl for a while, her brows furrows slightly.
###Chapter 315: Chapter 317: It was a misunderstanding, I didn’t peek!
How come she felt that the girl looked somehow familiar? 
On the opposite side. 
Jeremy Lawrence didn’t know that his sister Joanna was sitting at a table behind him, staring at him. 
His face slightly darkened, his lips pursed, and he glanced at the coquettish young girl sitting for a moment, showing impatience in his eyes and eyebrows, "Regina, didn’t you say there were other classmates coming too? Where are they?" 
Meeting his slightly annoyed eyes, the seated girl smiled faintly, her voice as sweet as an oriole: "Jeremy, don’t be so clueless. There are no other classmates here, just you and me." 
"What?" Jeremy was taken aback, his anger intensifying, "You said... " 
"I lied to you." The girl laughed coquettishly again, her voice soft and sticky, "If I didn’t say that, would you have come?" 
"Fine, don’t glare at me, alright? I did this just to get a proper date with you. I’ve asked you so many times before, but you ignored me, so I had to lie to get you here." 
Jeremy was annoyed, "You... " 
"Don’t you, you, and me, me." 
The girl slightly raised her chin, her eyes and eyebrows showing arrogance, "Since you’re here, just accompany me to finish this meal. Don’t just stand there; everyone around us is watching." 
Jeremy was extremely furious. 
Regina the liar had deceived him. 
She said today was her birthday, and she had invited some friends to celebrate, including some of Jeremy’s close friends. 
Thinking that there would be so many people together and Regina wouldn’t do anything out of line, he had decided to come after some consideration. 
Jeremy had always been avoiding Regina and tried to avoid being alone with her as much as possible. 
Now that he discovered Regina had lied to him, he had no desire to stay. 
"Ms. Joanna, eat by yourself if you want, I’m not interested in staying with you. I have something to do, and I... " 
Before Jeremy could finish, he heard Regina lazily laugh, "Jeremy, if you don’t dine with me today, when I return to school, I’ll tell everyone about how you were peeking at my body." 
"At that time, the whole school will know you’re a pervert." 
"What do you think of that?" 
Jeremy was startled, and when he realized what she was referring to, the young boy’s handsome face instantly flushed, his previous cold indifference and alienation vanishing, replaced by embarrassment and awkwardness, "That was a misunderstanding, I didn’t peek!" 
"It doesn’t matter if you peeked or not." Regina took a sip of coffee from the table, "The fact is you saw it and took advantage of me. Don’t even think of denying it, I recorded our conversation." 
Jeremy was shocked, "You recorded it?" 
"Yes." Regina smiled sweetly at him, "If I didn’t record it, what if you denied it? Jeremy, I’m not demanding much. Just accompany me to finish this meal, and I’ll let you go. Stop acting like you’re so wronged, so reluctant. Isn’t it a pleasure to dine in such an elegant restaurant with a beauty like me?" 
Jeremy looked at the girl’s lovely face and took a deep breath, clenching his fists, trying desperately to suppress the anger in his heart.
He had never seen a woman with thicker skin than Regina. 
He had politely declined her invitation and explicitly rejected her so many times, but she still clung to him. 
For her goal, she resorted to any means necessary and even lost her sense of shame as a girl, saying anything that came to her mind.
###Chapter 316: Chapter 318: This Friend of the Heartthrob is Pretty Attractive.
He certainly wouldn’t engage in peeping on a girl’s body. 
But that night... 
Recalling that night, Jeremy Lawrence’s face felt a bit hot. 
He didn’t do it on purpose, but he definitely saw Regina Kelloway’s body, even though he only saw her completely bare back. 
The young girl’s body, as white as snow, emerged in his mind, instantly throwing his heart into chaos. 
"Stop being so coy. You’re a real man, act bolder." Seeing that he still stood still, Regina rose to her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. 
Jeremy Lawrence suddenly stiffened, his eyes wide open. 
While he was still frozen in surprise, Regina pushed on his shoulders, urging him to sit down. 
This scene... 
Was seen by both Joanna Lawrence and Aria Rowlett, who were watching them closely. 
"Holy shit." 
Aria Rowlett was so surprised that she blurted out a curse. "They’re kissing? They’ve definitely got to be boyfriend and girlfriend. Jeremy’s a smooth one, silently hooking up with an ideal beauty like her. The girl’s so proactive, she must really like him." 
"But Jeremy’s face does have a charm that attracts young girls." 
Joanna Lawrence was unsure at first about the relationship between Jeremy and this girl. 
But when the girl tiptoed to kiss Jeremy, and he didn’t push her away, she began to suspect that they might be a couple. 
But if she was his girlfriend, why didn’t she visit him once when Jeremy was in the hospital? 
If she’s not his girlfriend, then how should she interpret their exchange just now? 
Jeremy Lawrence is her brother, and nobody knows him better than she does. 
The fact that he didn’t push the girl away had already explained a lot. 
But precisely because she knows Jeremy so well, she felt that it was improbable for them to be a couple. 
Given Jeremy’s character, once he found out about his heart disease, there was no way he would date again. 
Moreover, their sibling relationship is very good. Jeremy would tell her everything, every time. 
He had not mentioned this girl to her before. 
Joanna Lawrence was getting a bit restless. 
She wanted to go and ask Jeremy for clarity, but felt it might not be appropriate for her to approach him about this. 
After thinking for a while, she took out her phone and sent Jeremy a Twitter DM. "Jeremy, where are you?" 
Just a few seconds after she sent the message, she saw Jeremy pull out his phone. 
Within less than a minute, she received a reply. 
"Joanna, I’m having dinner with a classmate." 
Joanna Lawrence reacted calmly. "Classmate? A male classmate or female classmate?" 
She looked up and saw Jeremy on his phone, seemingly hesitating for a moment. 
After waiting a bit, she finally received his reply. "Female classmate." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at the message and couldn’t help but smile. 
Heh, sneaky kid, at least he’s honest and didn’t lie about it being a male classmate. 
Joanna Lawrence was about to send another message to probe a little more, when she spotted a familiar figure out of the corner of her eye. 
Looking up, her eyebrows knitted together. 
What kind of luck was she having today? 
She bumped into Annie Lawrence at the audition. 
And then she ran into Rebecca Kelloway at the restaurant. 
She should have checked her horoscope before leaving the house, her luck was just too rotten. 
Aria Rowlett noticed the change in Joanna Lawrence’s expression and looked in the direction of her gaze, curiously asking, "Do you know that woman in the black skirt? Who is she?" 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and casually said, "Yeah, I know her. She’s a friend of Ashton Heath." 
"A friend of the heartthrob?" Aria Rowlett couldn’t help but take a second look at Rebecca Kelloway. After observing her for a while, she furrowed her brows. 
"The heartthrob’s friend is pretty attractive." she said, making an ive assessment.
###Chapter 317: Chapter 319: Don’t Talk Back to Me!
When it comes to looks, of course, her baby is still a bit better. 
However, the woman across from her baby is a different type. 
Her baby is still slightly childish, not as womanly as the woman in the black skirt. 
She’s the type that many men like. 
Having such a beautiful female friend makes one really worried about her heartthrob. 
"Well, she is quite pretty." Joanna Lawrence ively acknowledged this. 
Although she doesn’t like Rebecca Kelloway very much, she can’t deny that Rebecca is beautiful. 
Born well, beautiful, and attending a prestigious university, such a woman would surely be the goddess in many men’s hearts. 
* 
"Ms. Kelloway, please this way." The waiter respectfully led Rebecca Kelloway to her reserved spot. 
As she walked, Rebecca’s pace hesitated.
She turned her head and looked at the table beside her, her expression slightly changed as she exclaimed in surprise, "Regina?" 
Regina Kelloway, who was talking to Jeremy Lawrence, also paused. She looked up and her expression changed slightly when she saw Rebecca: "Joanna." 
Rebecca looked at her, then at Jeremy Lawrence sitting beside her. Her eyebrows immediately furrowed, and her tone became severe: "Regina, what are you doing here? Who is this boy next to you?" 
Regina was momentarily flustered but quickly calmed down. 
She smiled and stood up, introducing them: "Joanna, I’m here to have a meal. This is my classmate, his name is Jeremy Lawrence. Jeremy, this is my sister." 
Jeremy saw Regina stood up and also stood up himself. 
He nodded to Rebecca, neither humble nor pushy, "Ms. Kelloway, hello." 
Rebecca’s sharp gaze fell on his slightly pale and handsome face. When she heard Regina say the name "Jeremy Lawrence", her expression changed: "Jeremy Lawrence? Are you the only child in your family?" 
She asked an odd question. 
Even Regina didn’t understand what her sister was asking. 
But Jeremy still politely replied: "No, I have two older sisters." 
"Two older sisters?" 
"Yes." 
As Rebecca finished asking, her expression became even more indescribable. 
She stared at Jeremy for a few seconds, then suddenly turned her head and yelled angrily at Regina: "Regina, go home right now!" 
"Joanna." Regina frowned, her soft lips pouting, "I’m still having a meal with my classmates. What’s wrong with you, it’s scary." 
"I’m telling you to go back, don’t talk back to me!" Rebecca had a strong attitude, "Go back right now, or I will ask Dad to cut your allowance for the month. Did you hear me?!" 
Regina was the pampered daughter at home. 
Moreover, since she was the youngest, Princeton and Lady Patrice would spoil her more. 
Rebecca also loved her sister very much. 
Regina had been spoiled by her whole family since childhood, never having experienced any hardship or grievance. 
When suddenly scolded by her loving sister, with such a fierce tone, Regina’s eyes reddened in humiliation. She stubbornly raised her chin and said angrily, "Joanna, if you can come here to have a meal, why can’t I? I’m not going back." 
"Why are you angry with me for no reason? Hmph, I don’t understand." 
Seeing that she didn’t obey, Rebecca’s face grew even more sullen: "You’re not going back?"
###Chapter 318: Chapter 320: Are all the people in the Lawrence family this shameless?
Regina Kelloway was actually a bit afraid of her sister Joanna, but still stubbornly raised her chin and said, "Yes, I’m not going back." 
After Regina spoke, she turned to Jeremy Lawrence, ignoring Rebecca Kelloway’s darkened expression, and smiled, "Jeremy, don’t mind my sister. Let’s sit down and order. I’ll tell you, this place has..." 
She was still introducing the signature dishes to Jeremy. 
Having just spoken a few words, she suddenly felt an intense pain in her wrist. 
Rebecca’s eyes were filled with anger as she grabbed Regina’s arm and pulled her outwards, "Regina, I’m telling you, you have to come back with me today!" 
Regina’s delicate skin turned red from the pulling, and her eyes were also a little red. She cried out in pain, "Joanna, it hurts, let go of me." 
Rebecca ignored her words and continued to drag her out of the dining area forcefully. 
"Joanna, let go of me, it hurts, it really hurts..." Regina struggled, tears streaming down her face. 
Rebecca, however, seemed not to notice and turned around, trying to take Regina away. 
After taking two steps, she felt her arm being grasped by someone.
"Ms. Kelloway, please wait." Jeremy didn’t know why, but seeing Regina’s tears, he couldn’t bear it. 
He made a move that he himself had not expected. 
Rebecca’s back seemed to stiffen for a moment. 
After a few seconds, she slowly turned around. 
Jeremy also let go of her as soon as she stopped. 
"So... Jeremy, do you have any advice?" Rebecca’s cold gaze fixed on Jeremy, a hint of hatred flashing in her eyes. 
Jeremy hesitated for a moment and then politely said, "Ms. Kelloway, Regina’s wrist is red. She was just crying out in pain. Shouldn’t you let her go?" 
Regina suddenly looked up at him with a mixture of surprise and disbelief. 
She hadn’t expected him to help her. 
After all, in Jeremy’s eyes, she was just an annoying girl, and he never had a good impression of her. 
"What does that have to do with you?" Rebecca’s voice was a bit aggressive as she coldly retorted, "This is a matter between me and my sister. Don’t you think you’re being nosy?" 
Regina looked at Rebecca in astonishment. 
Her eyes were filled with surprise and incomprehension. 
Her sister Joanna was always very particular about social etiquette, and her image outdoors was always elegant and gentle. 
No matter who she was dealing with, she would always be very polite and gentle. 
This was the first time Regina had seen her sister treat someone so rudely. 
And that person was her classmate. 
She had brought classmates home before. 
Rebecca had never behaved like this before? 
Why was she so hostile to Jeremy? 
This was not her usual behavior at all. 
Jeremy was also taken aback for a few seconds. He looked at Regina with complex eyes, took a deep breath, and said, "Regina is my classmate. I don’t think I’m being nosy. Even if she’s your younger sister, you can’t treat her like this." 
"Ms. Kelloway, please let her go." 
Rebecca pursed her lips, her face darkening as she stared at Jeremy for a moment before suddenly smirking coldly, "Are all you Lawrences so shameless?" 
"What did you say?" Jeremy’s face suddenly changed. 
Hatred filled Rebecca’s eyes. 
Joanna Lawrence had already taken away the man she deeply loved. 
Did they now want her sister, who had a heart condition, to seduce Regina and once again climb the high branches of the Kelloway family?
###Chapter 319: Chapter 321: That Woman is a Siren
The Lawrence family, how could they be so shameless. 
One by one, all trying to climb the social ladder. 
Are they all driven mad by poverty? 
The most prestigious Heath and Kelloway families of Closia, are they planning to nest both together? 
When Ashton Heath met Joanna Lawrence, she was still overseas, and didn’t have time to stop this from happening. 
But now that she’s seen them, there’s no way to let these people from the Lawrence family succeed. 
Regina Kelloway has been sheltered since childhood, unacquainted with the cruelties of the world and thinking that everyone is kind and good-hearted. 
Such naive thinking makes her very easy for those with ill intentions to exploit. 
Joanna Lawrence managed to successfully climb atop Ashton Heath, proving her cunning to be extremely deep; how could her younger brother be any better? 
Regina was also shocked by her sister’s words. 
It sounded like her sister knew people from the Lawrence family. 
And also, she had a grudge against them? 
What on earth was going on? 
"Ms. Kelloway, what did you mean when you said our Lawrence family is so shameless? What do you mean by that?" Jeremy Lawrence, infuriated, no longer spoke politely, his face growing cold. 
Rebecca Kelloway showed disdain in her eyes: "It means exactly what I said. Jeremy Lawrence, I warn you, stay away from Regina in the future. Our Kelloway daughters are not for you to fawn over. Regina may be innocent and unaware of your intentions, but I am all too clear about them." 
"You think Regina is easy to deceive, so you try to use your good looks to seduce her, and thus climb onto the high branches of our Kelloway family, and change your original social class without any effort?" 
"Don’t even dream about it. Regina already has a fiance. Her future husband will only be a noble young master with matching social and economic status, not a pauper like you." Rebecca Kelloway looked at Jeremy’s pale yet handsome face, and a strong hatred rose in her heart. 
Joanna Lawrence had seduced Ashton Heath with her beauty. 
Now her brother wants to use his face to deceive her sister as well. 
These two siblings are really shameless. 
Using their beauty to entrap people, that is something only sirens in ancient times would do. 
"Sister, it’s not what you think..." Regina’s face suddenly changed, and she looked at Jeremy anxiously and hurriedly explained, "Jeremy did not seduce me. I pursued him proactively. You have misunderstood him." 
Regina couldn’t believe that these harsh and unreasonable words would be spoken by her sister, who valued etiquette and image so much. 
She couldn’t even imagine how angry and furious Jeremy would be after hearing these words. 
"Even if you pursued him proactively, he must have enticed you." Rebecca looked at Jeremy and thought of Joanna. 
That day, the words Ashton told her, word for word, she remembers them all too clearly. 
For some Joanna, he actually disregarded their friendship of more than twenty years. 
That woman is a siren. 
Bewitched him completely. 
Now he only has Joanna in his heart, and everyone else has become unimportant. 
But before Joanna appeared, she was the only woman by his side, and the special treatment was clearly her due. 
Now, everything has changed. 
The man she had loved for more than twenty years was snatched away by a woman inferior in every way to her. 
How could she bear it? 
Rebecca vented all her resentment and dissatisfaction with Joanna on Jeremy, and the words she uttered became increasingly ugly, as if she was losing her sanity: "Despite being so young, you’re quite calculating. Is the Lawrence family’s education focused on teaching you how to use your own advantages to cling to the nobility?"
###Chapter 320: Chapter 322: Even if you’re a woman, I’ll still beat you up!
"Your sister seems to be doing a good job at that." 
Jeremy Lawrence’s face turned livid with anger, his fists clenched and his whole body trembling. 
If he didn’t have a rule against hitting women, he would have already punched Rebecca Kelloway in the face. 
Being humiliated for no reason, even though he wasn’t the kind of person who liked to cause trouble, his anger was already unbearable. 
What’s more, Rebecca Kelloway had just mentioned Joanna Lawrence. 
Jeremy couldn’t tolerate anyone humiliating his sister. 
It was even more unbearable than being cursed at face-to-face. 
"Rebecca Kelloway, shut the hell up. My sister didn’t do anything to you. I’m telling you, I can take you humiliating me, but if you dare insult my sister, I’ll beat you even if you’re a woman!" 
"My sister is a hundred times better than you, filthy-mouthed woman. You have no right to talk about her." 
"And another thing." He took a deep breath, his clenched fists cracking, his eyes filled with anger as he glared at Rebecca Kelloway, gnashing his teeth, "I have no interest in your Kelloway family. Your so-called noble family is nothing but a joke to me." 
"You think everyone is like you, taking these ridiculous things so seriously." 
"Since your sister is already engaged, tell her to behave herself and stop pestering me. From the tenth to the twelfth grade, I’ve been fed up with her. Don’t even think I want to climb the ranks of your Kelloway family. Even if all the other women in the world were dead, I wouldn’t give a second glance to any women from your Kelloway family." 
Jeremy Lawrence was absolutely furious. 
He had no interest in Regina Kelloway whatsoever. 
It was this annoying woman who kept clinging to him all the time, insisting that he be her boyfriend. 
Now he was also insulted by her arrogant sister as if he were a beggar, and Jeremy’s anger was boiling over. 
He could easily say things he didn’t mean when he was angry. 
As soon as he had finished speaking, he saw tears welling up in Regina Kelloway’s eyes, her lips tightly pressed together, and a hurt expression on her face as she looked at him. 
The tears slid down from the corners of her eyes and fell on her delicate, fair-skinned, pretty little face. 
Her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
She seemed unable to believe that Jeremy would say such things. 
At that moment of eye contact, Jeremy hesitated for a second, an inexplicable sense of annoyance and regret rising in his heart. 
He regretted his harsh words just now. 
Although he had rejected Regina Kelloway many times, he had never spoken such cruel words before. 
Such a delicate well-bred lady as her probably couldn’t bear such words. 
Jeremy knew that his words had been hurtful. 
The moment he saw Regina Kelloway cry, he felt a little regret. 
But on second thought, it was for the best. 
It was better to take this opportunity to make everything clear. 
Since she didn’t take his previous gentle rejections seriously, it was better to make his words harsher. 
She was, after all, a pampered well-bred lady. He couldn’t imagine her continuing to pester him even if she had no self-respect left. 
With that in mind, Jeremy clenched his fists and steeled himself, "Regina, please leave me alone. Stop bothering me. I don’t want to carry the reputation of attaching myself to your noble Kelloway family. I have no interest in getting involved in your relationship with your fiance." 
"I don’t have a fiance." Regina Kelloway said with tears streaming down her face. 
She realized that this time, Jeremy was truly fed up with her, sick of her. 
From now on, he would never pay her any attention again. 
"It’s none of my business." Jeremy’s voice was cold, "From now on, if you keep bothering me, I won’t show you any respect." 
Regina Kelloway bit her lip, unable to speak, as tears continued to stream down her face.
###Chapter 321: Chapter 323: Are you sure she really comes from the noble Kelloway family?
Rebecca Kelloway’s face looked extremely unpleasant. 
She had always believed that it was Jeremy Lawrence who seduced Regina Kelloway first. 
Her sister was so picky and surrounded by so many outstanding scions of wealthy families, yet none caught her eye. 
Why would she fall for a skinny, weak, poor boy? 
But having just heard Jeremy’s words, and seeing Regina’s reaction now, she gradually came to understand. 
It was indeed Regina who had taken the initiative to pursue him. 
Moreover, Jeremy didn’t seem to like her. 
Rebecca instantly felt embarrassed. 
She glared at Regina resentfully and furiously, about to say something when she heard a familiar voice: "Ms. Kelloway, so this is the upbringing and so-called manners of your noble Kelloway family, now I’ve seen it all." 
Rebecca’s face changed abruptly, and she looked up to see Joanna Lawrence standing behind Jeremy, expressionless. 
Jeremy was also taken aback, turning around in surprise: "Joanna, you, how could you be here?" 
He stared wide-eyed at Joanna standing behind him, as if he had been startled by something. 
Seeing Aria Rowlett, who had come with Joanna, he was stunned again: "Aria, you’re here too?" 
"Yeah, little Jeremy, it’s been so long, did you miss me?" Aria looked at Jeremy’s delicate and beautiful face, a beaming smile on hers. 
Her gaze was direct. 
Jeremy was a little embarrassed by her stare, his face blushing as he coughed lightly. 
Aria knew the situation wasn’t suitable to continue teasing him, so she stopped after messing with him a bit and didn’t joke around anymore. 
She raised her head, glanced at Rebecca standing opposite them, and put away the smile on her face, sneering: "The Kelloway family, it’s not the richest Kelloway family in Closia, is it? And this must be Ms. Rebecca, the well-known well-bred and gentle lady of the Kelloway family, right? Why did we just see a woman with a sharp-tongued, ill-mannered, and crazy demeanor before us?" 
"Baby, are you sure she’s really from a noble Kelloway family and not some nouveau riche family?" 
Speaking of mocking people, Aria had never lost to anyone. 
She was a little expert at it. 
Her favorite things to do were to tear down hypocrites and fight scheming manipulators. 
She had heard part of what Rebecca had just said to Jeremy. 
She was so angry that she wanted to rush out and slap Rebecca across the face. 
What a ridiculous noble lady. 
That mouth was too sharp-tongued and repulsive. 
To think she actually claimed that her handsome and adorable Jeremy was seducing her sister, trying to climb up the Kelloway family’s high branch. 
What a joke! 
She must think too highly of herself.
Did she think everyone wanted to climb her Kelloway family’s high branch? Her Jeremy wasn’t that kind of person! 
She couldn’t believe that the supposedly noble lady spreading in rumor was actually such a person, completely different from how others described her. 
Indeed, one cannot believe rumors; only when you see it with your own eyes, it’s real. 
This kind of "noble" lady was actually a disgrace to the title. 
Joanna didn’t think about confronting Rebecca publicly. 
After all, Rebecca was Ashton Heath’s friend, and she didn’t want to make the situation hard to resolve, affecting their friendship. 
That was why she hadn’t told Ashton a word about the things Rebecca told her last time. 
But now, she knew her thoughts were wrong. 
She had seen clearly that all her previous concerns were unnecessary.
###Chapter 322: Chapter 324: I Want Ms. Kelloway to Apologize Publicly
No matter what she did, it wouldn’t change the fact that Rebecca Kelloway saw her as a "love rival". 
Rebecca’s attitude towards her could not be changed either. 
Joanna Lawrence’s most treasured person was her younger brother. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have agreed to marry Ashton Heath for Jeremy’s surgery. 
Her beloved brother being insulted by Rebecca like that was unbearable. The flames of anger instantly shot up to her head. 
She hooked her lips in a cold smile and replied to Aria Rowlett, "Indeed, this is the daughter of the noble Kelloway family. I thought the Kelloway family, being a prominent family with some cultural heritage, would have educated their descendants to be at least decent." 
"However, Ms. Kelloway’s manners and etiquette just shattered my perception." 
Aria, feigning a thoughtful look, continued, "Some people think they are born nobler than everyone else, feeling so great about themselves. In their eyes, everyone in the world who looks at them more than once must be harboring sinister intentions and trying to flirt with them to climb up their family." 
"Yet, they don’t know that in other people’s eyes, they are nothing but a joke. Haha, what ’noble Kelloway’ family? I don’t care how amazing you are, but our Jeremy doesn’t care at all. Oh, did I just hear that Ms. Rebecca’s sister actively pursued our Jeremy?" 
Aria mimicked Rebecca’s earlier expression, revealing a touch of disdain and contempt at the bottom of her eyes, and mocked coldly, "Some people must be deaf and blind, twisting the truth. I wonder which eye had seen our Jeremy entangled with her sister." 
Rebecca’s face darkened. 
Aria’s voice wasn’t small. 
Many people looked over when she scolded like that. 
Some of them even recognized Rebecca and began whispering about her. 
Rebecca, who always maintained her dignity, could not retort with equally offensive words even though she was scolded. She could only suppress her anger and say, "Ms. Joanna, there was indeed a misunderstanding earlier. I indeed wronged your brother without understanding the cause and effect. I apologize." 
More and more gazes were cast their way. 
Rebecca had no choice but to swallow her anger and apologize. 
She had to maintain her image as the elegant and noble daughter of the Kelloway family, a knowledgeable and well-mannered person who does not argue with people in public.
However, Joanna had no intention of accepting her perfunctory apology. 
She chuckled coldly, "Ms. Kelloway, you just said so many things to insult my brother. Do you think a simple misunderstanding can just be brushed off?" 
Seeing Joanna relentlessly pressing her and refusing to give her a way out, Rebecca’s patience was wearing thin. She frowned and asked, "What do you want then?" 
Joanna stared straight at her, "Many people here heard what Ms. Kelloway said to insult my brother. So, I want Ms. Kelloway to apologize publicly." 
She pointed at a stage where a piano was placed, and said word for word, "There’s a microphone there. If Ms. Kelloway is sincere in apologizing, please go up to the stage and apologize." 
It seemed as if Rebecca had heard something extremely shocking, her eyes widened, "You want me to apologize on stage?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna’s tone was forceful, leaving no room for negotiation, "Go up there and apologize to my brother. Admit that you wronged him and say you’re sorry." 
"That’s how an apology would be sincere." 
Rebecca’s temper was about to snap. Her face turned green, and she clenched her fists, gritting her teeth and speaking in a low voice, "Joanna, don’t go too far." 
"Too far?" Joanna chuckled coldly, "If we’re talking about going too far, Ms. Rebecca, it’s you who went too far. When you used those rude and cutting words to insult my brother just now, why didn’t you say that you were going too far?"
###Chapter 323: Chapter 325: I picked it from the flower shop, do you like it?
"Ms. Kelloway, I understand that you want to protect your sister, but do you have to step on my brother’s head to do so? You’re a big sister, and so am I. You insulted my brother, and now you have to apologize to him." 
Rebecca Kelloway stared at her with a pale face for a moment, and then suddenly smiled with the corner of her lips: "What if I refuse?" 
"Then I’ll have to go to Mr. and Mrs. Kelloway and tell them everything their daughter did today." 
The moment the man’s deep and cold voice sounded, Rebecca Kelloway froze. 
Jeremy Lawrence looked up and saw Ashton Heath slowly walking towards them with a large bouquet of flowers in his hands. His eyes immediately lit up, and he affectionately called out: "Ashton!" 
As soon as he called out "Ashton," Aria Rowlett gave him a surprised look. 
She didn’t know that Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence were already married, and she thought Jeremy was really sweet to call him "brother-in-law" so soon. 
It seemed that he was quite satisfied with his future brother-in-law. 
And no wonder, as Ashton Heath did have excellent qualities. 
Just his handsome face alone was enough to drive many women crazy. 
Ashton Heath glanced at Jeremy Lawrence, gently nodded his head, acknowledging the greeting. 
He slowly walked up to Joanna Lawrence with the very conspicuous red roses in his hands. 
Aria Rowlett politely moved away and stood behind Joanna. 
"Baby, congratulations on your successful audition," Ashton Heath said in a low, gentle voice, seemingly oblivious to Rebecca’s tense expression, as he handed the bouquet of roses to Joanna. 
The scent of the flowers and the bright red petals left Joanna momentarily stunned. 
She blinked, looked down at the dewdrops rolling on the petals, and asked in surprise: "For me?" 
This was the first time Ashton Heath had bought flowers for her. 
Of course, Joanna was no stranger to receiving flowers from men. 
During her years of dating David Benington, David had given her quite a few bouquets. 
Especially in the early stages of their relationship, the flowers came quite frequently. 
However, when she saw Ashton Heath walking towards her with a large bouquet of red roses, her heart nevertheless raced. 
"Mhm," Ashton Heath said, smiling slightly, "I picked them out at the flower shop. Do you like them?" 
He had never given flowers to a girl before. 
This was his first time in his life. 
He didn’t really know what flowers she liked, but the florist told him that girls usually like red roses because they symbolize love. 
So he bought this bouquet of red roses. 
"You even went to the flower shop?" Joanna’s eyes were filled with surprise and a touch of delight. She couldn’t help but smile, feeling sweet inside, as she took the flowers. 
She held the large bouquet of red roses to her chest. 
She lowered her head, smelling the faint floral fragrance, her mood instantly lifting a lot. 
"Thank you, I really like them." 
Seeing her smile, Ashton Heath also revealed a faint, pleasing smile in his eyes, his sexy thin lips slightly upturned. 
As expected, girls really do like flowers. 
Rebecca Kelloway stood behind them. 
Joanna and Ashton Heath’s conversation was not soft, and she heard everything. 
She stared at the bright red roses, her eyes filled with disbelief. 
Not only did Ashton Heath buy flowers for a woman, but he also personally went to the flower shop to pick them out?! 
This didn’t seem like something he would do. 
How could he think to give flowers to a woman? 
He had given her flowers before, but Rebecca Kelloway knew very well that it wasn’t his idea to give her flowers.
###Chapter 324: Chapter 326: Are You...Being Too Biased?
He only delegated it to his assistant. His secretary was the one who took care of it. 
He himself would never waste his time on such trivial matters. 
Let alone personally selecting flowers from the florist. 
He hadn’t done any of these things for anyone before, but now, he’s breaking his own rules for a Joanna Lawrence. 
On reflection, all his unusual behavior during this period had something to do with Joanna. 
Suddenly, an overpowering sense of imbalance and jealousy welled up within her.
The feeling of being neglected and dismissed by Ashton Heath made her feel as if something was stabbing at her heart, causing great discomfort. 
At this moment, Ashton Heath’s arm was around Joanna Lawrence’s waist, and he slowly turned around. 
He glared at Rebecca Kelloway with a sharp look: "What are you still doing here? Go to the stage and apologize." 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face turned two degrees paler: "Ashton." 
She pursed her lips and took a deep breath: "There was a misunderstanding just now, and I’ve already explained it. If I did something wrong, I am willing to apologize, but isn’t apologizing on stage a bit too much?" 
This would trample her dignity. 
She would definitely not agree. 
Moreover, she didn’t feel she had wronged Jeremy Lawrence. 
Even if it really was Regina Kelloway who actively pursued Jeremy Lawrence, Jeremy Lawrence is not completely innocent, is he? 
If he had no interest in Regina Kelloway at all, why would he date her in a restaurant? 
His refusals were nothing more than a strategy of provoking by feigning to run away. 
Regina Kelloway was just too naive and fell for his trick. 
Ashton Heath didn’t care about their years of friendship, he coldly said in a business-like tone: "And you think this is overboard now? What about what you just did, wasn’t that overboard? Rebecca Kelloway, don’t be a hypocrite. When you do something wrong, you have to apologize." 
"And how to apologize, it’s up to the offended party." 
"Just now, Joanna has stated her way of resolution. I hope you can muster the courage to admit your error and apologize to Jeremy Lawrence on the stage." 
Actually, Ashton Heath didn’t know exactly what happened. 
When he arrived at the restaurant, he only heard what Joanna Lawrence roughly said about the incident. 
But he believed in his wife. 
His wife would definitely not be the one in the wrong, hence the one at fault could only be Rebecca Kelloway. 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at him in disbelief: "Ashton, you know how embarrassing it is to apologize on stage, and yet you still want me to do it? We’ve known each other for many years, yet your faith in me is less than that in a woman you’ve just recently met, just because she said something, then that’s the truth?" 
"Isn’t that... too biased of you?" Rebecca Kelloway bit her lip, her eyes were red with grievance. 
Even though Regina Kelloway was still angry with Rebecca Kelloway’s earlier actions, she felt that it was humiliating to apologize on stage. 
Rebecca Kelloway, who was so proud, how could she bear it? 
Besides, weren’t Rebecca Kelloway and Ashton Heath good friends for many years? 
Why was Ashton Heath siding with someone else? 
And why did Jeremy Lawrence call Ashton Heath ’brother-in-law’ earlier? 
"Ashton, this is all my fault," Regina Kelloway’s eyes filled with tears as she choked back her tears, "If someone is to apologize, let it be me on stage. My sister misunderstood the situation between Jeremy Lawrence and me because she was just worried about me." 
Ashton Heath, however, didn’t pay any attention to Regina Kelloway. He just coldly looked at Rebecca Kelloway: "Joanna is not just a woman I’ve recently met. She’s my wife, my partner, a woman who holds a very important position in my heart."
###Chapter 325: Chapter 327: Ashton, you’ve really gone too far
"Rebecca, it seems all that I said to you before was in vain." 
"You can choose not to go up, but as I said just now, I will tell Uncle Kelloway and Aunt Kelloway the truth about this matter, and I believe they will give me an explanation." 
Rebecca saw his cold and domineering attitude. 
There was truly no room for negotiation. 
He was determined to help Joanna and the others. 
Before, she had always relied on their longstanding friendship since childhood, thinking that even after he got married, the woman he had only known for a short time could not surpass her place in his heart. 
So, she didn’t take Joanna very seriously. 
She had always believed that she was the one who would ultimately stay by his side. 
But after Ashton brought Joanna back to the Heath family, she became a little flustered. 
She didn’t expect that Grandma Heath would like Joanna so much. 
Grandma Heath was the most authoritative person in the Heath family, and all of the family members were very filial to her. It was rare for anyone to oppose someone whom she approved of. 
Moreover, Ashton was someone who followed his own path. 
No one in the Heath family could control him. 
What if...one day, he really fell in love with Joanna? 
How long would she have to wait for him and Joanna to divorce? 
Even with Lady Octavia supporting her, Joanna and Ashton were already married. It would not be easy to separate them. 
Unless Ashton had no feelings for her and married her only because he didn’t have an allergic reaction to her. 
But thinking back to their conversation in the study that day... 
He clearly had feelings for Joanna. 
At least he has feelings now. 
Joanna managed to convince Ashton to have a flash marriage with her, and who knows if she will use other tactics to bewitch him after they marry, making him more and more infatuated with her. 
Whether they would divorce a year later...it’s hard to say. 
If Joanna managed to conceive a child during that year, knowing how much importance the Heath family placed on heirs, her position in the Heath family would be secure. 
Thinking of this, Rebecca felt increasingly frightened and panicked. 
"Ashton, do you really have to do this?" Rebecca looked into his cold and indifferent eyes, and the fear and panic inside her grew even stronger. 
Ashton had really changed. 
He had been bewitched by Joanna to the point where he didn’t even care about his friends anymore. 
In the past, he would never have allowed her to be in such an embarrassing situation. 
He wouldn’t have been so cold and unfeeling towards her. 
Ashton didn’t say anything, but the meaning in his eyes was clear. 
Rebecca was on the verge of tears, biting her lip and taking a deep breath. With the look of someone who had been insulted, she gritted her teeth and said, "Fine, I’ll go up and apologize." 
"If that’s what you want to see, I’ll go!" 
Her words were like a defiant challenge to Ashton. 
After saying that, she walked towards the stage. 
Seeing that she really planned to apologize on stage, Joanna was quite surprised. 
She thought Rebecca might just storm off angrily. 
After all, for the haughty Ms. Rebecca to do such a thing, it might be even more painful than killing her. 
"Ashton, you’ve really gone too far. I never thought that for this woman, you’d give up all your friends. All these years, you know very well how Rebecca has treated you. How can you push her to this point now?!" 
Rebecca had only taken two steps forward when someone grabbed her arm.
###Chapter 326: Chapter 328: What is your purpose, after all?
Anger swirled in Frank Parker’s gentle eyes, and a layer of gloom covered his face. "I made plans to have dinner with a friend here." 
Rebecca Kelloway bit her lip, "Frank, let me go. It’s indeed my fault for misunderstanding Joanna’s brother just now. I should go up on stage and apologize." 
Frank’s intense gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence’s face. "Even if you made a mistake, isn’t it enough to apologize in person? Why go on stage? This isn’t an apology; it’s humiliation." 
"I want to know who suggested that you go up on stage to apologize?" 
Rebecca glanced at Joanna and pressed her lips tightly without a word. 
"So it was you." Frank’s gaze at Joanna grew colder, more menacing, and a hint of undisguised disgust surfaced. "I knew you were not a simple woman. You first schemed to bewitch Ashton into a flash marriage, and now you’re trying to cause a rift between him and us, his friends. What exactly is your purpose?" 
"Joanna, do you really think I wouldn’t dare touch you if you have Ashton’s protection?" 
As soon as he finished speaking, Ashton Heath’s fist swung towards his face. 
His fierce fist struck hard, sending Frank crashing onto the floor. 
"Ah!" Rebecca screamed in fright. She quickly crouched down to help Frank up. Seeing his swollen eye, she widened her eyes in disbelief and looked at Ashton. "Ashton, you actually raised your hand against Frank. How could you do that?" 
Ashton’s expression was cold and indifferent. "Joanna is my wife. If you want to harm her, you’ll have to go through me first." 
His words were meant for Frank Parker. 
Frank was holding his swollen eye with one hand, trying to steady himself from the dizziness as he slowly stood up. 
He was very handsome. 
It was a handsome face tinged with a hint of wicked and cold beauty. 
However, at this moment, that gentle and handsome face looked rather comical and disheveled. 
There was no trace left of the pretentious and noble young master from before. 
Ashton didn’t hold back his punch at all. 
As Frank repeatedly disrespected Joanna in front of his face, spewing rude and excessive words, Ashton no longer considered him a brother.
His real brothers would never do such despicable things. 
Even decades of friendship wouldn’t matter. 
The baby that Ashton cherished and refused to let suffer any grievances would not be bullied by anyone. 
Even if it meant turning his back on his own brother, he wouldn’t hesitate. 
Moreover, if Frank could bully Joanna in front of him time and time again, who’s to say he wouldn’t escalate his cruelty when Ashton wasn’t around? 
Not teaching him a lesson would only make him more reckless. 
Ashton didn’t regret punching Frank in the slightest. In fact, he wanted to land a few more punches on Frank’s face, teaching him how to behave properly. 
In comparison to Rebecca’s shock, Frank’s face was also filled with surprise. 
The punch left him slightly dazed, and it took him a while to regain his senses after getting up from the ground. 
The pain in his eyes reminded him that Ashton had indeed hit him just now. 
The four brothers had known each other since they were little. He was the last one to join the "Four Musketeers," but he had already known Ashton for a solid fifteen years. 
Decades of friendship had formed an exceptionally strong bond. 
They weren’t blood brothers, but they were as close as one could get. 
As boys, they had naturally grown up together fighting and teasing each other. This wasn’t the first time he and Ashton had come to blows. 
But this was different. 
This time was unlike any before.
###Chapter 327: Chapter 329: This Time It’s a Warning
Their previous scuffle was just a playful fight between brothers, nothing serious. 
But this time, Ashton Heath was really angry and punched him with vicious intent. 
For the woman who married him not long after they met and bewitched him, he hit his best friend hard. 
Frank Parker covered his swollen eye and slowly looked up. 
He stared at Ashton Heath with a mix of anger and disappointment, then looked away, glancing at Joanna Lawrence standing beside him, and suddenly smirked. 
The laughter was cold, and it sounded eerie, "Ashton Heath, are you going to give up your brother for this woman?" 
Ashton Heath looked at him calmly, "My brother wouldn’t do what you did." 
"So, what you mean is, you don’t consider me your brother anymore? You want to cut ties with me?" Frank Parker gritted his teeth. 
"This is your choice," Ashton Heath’s expression and voice were indifferent, "This is a warning. Next time, it won’t just be a simple matter." 
Frank Parker couldn’t believe it: "Is our more than a decade of friendship nothing to you?" 
"If not for that friendship, do you think you could still stand?" Ashton Heath’s voice remained calm but gained a cold edge, "Frank Parker, let this be my last warning to you – be polite to my wife." 
The indifference and alienation in Ashton Heath’s eyes made Frank Parker realize that he was serious about cutting ties. 
He really didn’t care about their friendship that had lasted more than a decade. 
He had been completely blinded by the woman called Joanna Lawrence. 
Brothers were nothing in his eyes anymore. 
Now, Joanna Lawrence was his most prized possession. 
No one could say a word against her.
Realizing that the situation was beyond repair, Frank Parker’s heart grew colder. 
His gaze at Ashton Heath grew colder, too. Then, after a moment, he sneered, "Fine, Ashton Heath. Today, I’ve learned the meaning of true betrayal from a friend of more than a decade. I can’t believe I only just realized what kind of person you really are." 
"All those years of brotherhood, I must have been blind to befriend someone as thoughtless as you." 
"Alright, since you think that there’s no need for us to be brothers anymore, consider us no longer brothers." 
"Frank, don’t be impulsive..." Upon hearing his words, Rebecca Kelloway’s expression changed, and she hastily advised. 
Frank Parker laughed coldly, "I’m not impulsive at all. Don’t you see Rebecca, he’s no longer the Ashton we knew. His heart is occupied by this woman beside him. Who else is there for him?" 
"As for us, who consider ourselves to be his close friends, we’re nothing to him. We’re like farts, dispensable at any time." 
"He can trample on your self-esteem and fight me for this woman’s sake. With a person like that, do you think there’s any need for a deep friendship?" 
Rebecca’s eyes reddened, tears whirling in them. She clenched her lips and didn’t speak. 
Yes. 
Ashton Heath was no longer the person he used to be. 
He now felt like a complete stranger to her. 
She had thought of cutting him off when she was extremely angry and upset. 
But how could she possibly ignore him? 
He was the man she had loved for more than twenty years. 
He had long become the most important person in her life. How could she just give up on him? 
Moreover, she refused to give up without a fight. To do so would be letting Joanna Lawrence off too easy.
###Chapter 328: Chapter 330: Let’s have a good talk after some time.
"Ashton, are you really going to be like this?" Rebecca Kelloway raised her eyes, a wounded expression on her face, and choked out, "Everything was fine among us before. Why did everything change after returning this time?" 
There was a deeper meaning to her words. 
Ever since Joanna Lawrence found out that Rebecca had hostile feelings towards her and regarded her as a love rival, Joanna could always interpret another layer of meaning in many of Rebecca’s words. 
Was she suggesting that she was the culprit for disrupting their friendship? 
If it weren’t for her, these things wouldn’t have happened. 
Joanna had indeed felt before that she may have affected the relationship among their friends. 
As a result, she felt somewhat guilty. 
But now... 
She wouldn’t have that damn guilt anymore. 
It wasn’t her who was in the wrong, so why should she feel guilty? 
All along, she had never actively stirred up trouble. 
It’s said that the one who flirts first is cheap, and if Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway really fall out with Ashton Heath, it would be their own doing. 
Anyway, Joanna couldn’t understand their thinking. 
If it were a normal person, would they disrespect the person their good friend cares about in their presence? 
Isn’t that just asking for trouble? 
Not to mention it’s her own beloved wife. 
Even with her relationship with Aria Rowlett, if someone spoke ill of Aria in front of her, she would explode too. 
Ashton Heath met her gaze but didn’t speak, yet his eyes were also filled with distance. 
"Rebecca, let’s go." Frank Parker grabbed Rebecca’s hand, a mocking smile at the corner of his lips. "Why ask him? Don’t you know the answer deep down? He’s already made his choice. Do you still hold any hope for him?" 
Rebecca still looked at Ashton with tear-filled eyes, heartbroken. "Ashton, I know that what you said just now wasn’t what you truly meant. I won’t take it seriously, and neither will Frank. You’re still angry now, and you won’t listen to anything we say." 
"Let’s have a proper talk after some time." 
Frank Parker sneered and moved his lips as if he wanted to say something else. 
Rebecca tugged at his arm, her eyes pleading, and gently shook her head at him. 
Meeting her gaze, Frank clenched his fist, took a deep breath, forced down his anger, and held back the words that came to his lips. 
He had always been unable to refuse Rebecca’s requests. 
Especially when she looked at him with such teary eyes, he couldn’t refuse her even more. 
Since she didn’t want him to say anything more, he wouldn’t say it. 
"Frank, let’s go." Rebecca lightly tugged at Frank Parker’s arm again. 
She wanted to leave. 
If she didn’t leave now, she wouldn’t be able to bear it any longer. 
Watching Ashton defending Joanna like that made her heart feel like it was being viciously torn apart by an invisible hand. 
It hurt so much. 
She felt that she was about to be in so much pain that she couldn’t breathe. 
"Fine, let’s go." Frank Parker gave Ashton a cold glare and looked gravely at Joanna before leaving hand in hand with Rebecca. 
Regina Kelloway stayed in her place for a while. 
With her swollen eyes from crying, she looked at Jeremy Lawrence, tears still glistening in her eyes, and asked softly, "Jeremy, I have a question for you. I hope you can answer me honestly. Is that okay?" 
Jeremy looked at her red, swollen eyes, feeling as if something was choking his heart, and his voice was a bit dry, "What do you want to ask?"
###Chapter 329: Chapter 331: But afterwards, I really won’t do it again.
Regina Kelloway stared at him intently, asking word by word, "Do you really... find me annoying?" 
Jeremy Lawrence’s face changed slightly, and the hand hanging by his side clenched tight. 
After Regina asked, she didn’t say anything more, just quietly waited for his answer. 
Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence also turned their heads to glance at Jeremy. 
About ten seconds later. 
Jeremy took a deep breath and said calmly, "Yes, so I hope you won’t pester me anymore. Regina, you have a fiance, and it’s not good for you to cling to other men like this." 
Regina’s lips moved, and she tried to explain. 
She wanted to say that she didn’t have a fiance. 
The man Rebecca Kelloway mentioned was not her fiance. 
It was just that the parents of the two families had intentions of arranging a marriage alliance after they graduated from college. 
But she never agreed to it. 
However, looking at Jeremy’s cold demeanor and his slightly furrowed brow, she felt it wasn’t necessary anymore. 
What was the point of explaining these things to someone who didn’t like her, even found her annoying and disgusting? 
Would Jeremy care? 
It felt like her heart was being cut by small knives, so painful, so painful. 
She had liked Jeremy for many years. 
When she saw him speaking on stage as a representative of new students at the opening ceremony in the tenth grade, she fell in love with him at first sight. 
And then pursued him relentlessly for three years. 
During those three years, Jeremy had rejected her many times, and said more than once that she was annoying. 
But Regina didn’t think he really disliked her. 
Because when Jeremy said she was annoying, his eyes didn’t show disgust or true impatience. 
But this time was different...
Regina saw those hurtful things in his eyes. 
She realized that Jeremy really didn’t like her. 
There should be some self-esteem in loving someone, right? 
She persisted before because she felt that as long as she held on and tried hard, she would eventually move him. After all, she had been chasing him for three years, and Jeremy had always been tolerant of her, hadn’t he? 
She thought she still had hope. 
Until today... 
Perhaps he was really fed up with her, so he didn’t want to tolerate her anymore and spoke his mind. 
He even said he hated her. 
What reason did she have to continue? 
Three years of entanglement, and today it could finally come to an end. 
At the moment of deciding to give up, Regina’s heart ached as if being cut by a knife, her face turning much paler. 
Her eyes welled up with tears, and in an instant, tears welled up at the corners of her eyes. 
Regina, you..." Jeremy frowned, and the indescribable feeling in his heart grew increasingly uncomfortable. 
"Jeremy, don’t worry, I won’t pester you anymore," Regina cried and smiled at the same time, "I’m sorry I troubled you for three years, bringing you so much trouble. I know I’m quite annoying. You’ve made it clear that you don’t like me, and yet, I still clung to you." 
"But in the future, I really won’t." 
"I’m really, really sorry." After saying this, she bowed deeply to Jeremy. 
"Also, I’m really, really sorry about what just happened. I apologize on behalf of my sister, Joanna." She bowed deeply again. 
Jeremy stared blankly at her, his body gradually stiffening. 
After Regina had done all this, it seemed like she had really let go of everything, not giving him another glance as she turned around and slowly walked towards Rebecca. 
Jeremy stood still, his expression frozen as he watched her retreating figure. 
When Regina told him she wouldn’t pester him anymore just now, her eyes seemed to have really let it go.
###Chapter 330: Chapter 332: Is it the kind of marriage where they have obtained a marriage license?
For some reason, Jeremy Lawrence felt an emptiness within him. 
His heart was slightly stinging. 
The person who had been entangling with him for three years finally decided to let him go. 
He should be happy. 
But, he did not feel any joy nor relief. 
His heart was instead sinking deeper and deeper. 
A look of confusion spread across his eyes. 
He didn’t understand what was happening to him. 
The person who knew Jeremy best was none other than his sister, Joanna Lawrence. 
Seeing her brother’s depressed state, Joanna glanced at Regina Kelloway who had walked quite a distance away. She had some speculations in her mind. 
Probably, her silly brother didn’t truly dislike or get annoyed by that person after all. 
* 
During this meal, everyone had something else on their minds. 
Jeremy would occasionally take out his phone and look at it, it was unclear what he was looking at. 
Anyway, he looked absent-minded. 
Aria Rowlett wished she could immediately question Joanna about when she got married to Ashton Heath! 
Earlier, when Frank Parker mentioned the flash marriage between Ashton Heath and Joanna, Aria was so shocked that her jaw was about to hit the floor. 
She was completely taken aback. 
My God, her dear Baby had already married the heartthrob?! 
But, why didn’t she know about this?!! 
What Joanna told her was that she was just dating Ashton Heath! 
But there’s a huge difference between dating and getting married. 
Aria was a bit angry, as she never thought Joanna would hide something like this from her.
They are the best of friends. 
She actually hid such a big matter from her? 
Joanna could tell that Aria was upset. After some thought, she pulled out her phone, composed a Twitter message, and sent it to Aria. 
After hearing a ring from her phone, Aria also took out her phone. 
Opening Twitter, she saw that "Baby" (Fluffy Cutie), had sent her a message. 
Baby (Fluffy Cutie): Aria, I didn’t intentionally hide it from you. After we get back to school, I’ll explain everything to you, okay? 
Aria looked up at her and replied with a single word: humph. 
Joanna quickly typed another message: I really didn’t mean to hide it from you. I’ll tell you everything you want to know when we get back. Aria, my dear Aria, the most adorable and beautiful fairy in the whole world, could you please stop being mad at me? Being angry will affect your beauty. (Hugging and acting cute reaction image) 
Aria looked at this sycophantic reply and even though she was still a bit angry, she didn’t feel as upset as she did before. 
After all, Joanna’s manner of apologizing was quite considerate. 
She wasn’t an unreasonable person. 
Since her Baby chose to hide it from her, it might be that she had some reasons that were inconvenient to disclose. 
Even the best of friends have their own secrets, it wouldn’t be possible to share everything with the other. 
Sweet Aria: Fine, we will settle this once we return! But, did you really marry the heartthrob? 
This time, Joanna replied rather quickly: Mhm. 
Sweet Aria: The kind of marriage where you’ve gotten the certificate? 
Fluffy Cutie: Mhm. 
Sweet Aria: ...You’ve told me before that you wouldn’t consider discussing marriage before the age of 28. 
Seeing this message, a blush crept up on Joanna’s fair little face. 
She pressed her lips together, unsure of how to reply. 
Yes, she did say those words before. 
And yes, that was what she had planned to do.
###Chapter 331: Chapter 333: Women Look Better with a Little More Flesh
Before she and David broke up, the marriage proposal had come from him and she hadn’t agreed to it. 
If she hadn’t broken up with David, she probably wouldn’t have married so early, at least not until she graduated and settled down with a job. 
However, plans cannot compete with changes... 
Even she herself hadn’t expected to get married so early. 
She bit her lip hesitantly and finally replied: There are some reasons, I’ll tell you more about it when we get back, alright? 
Sweet Aria: Okay. What’s going on with Jeremy? He seems distracted like he’s been hit by something. He didn’t fall for that girl, did he? 
After reading the message, Joanna looked at Jeremy, who was sitting across from her. 
Ever since Regina left, Jeremy’s mind had not been here. 
He usually wasn’t a man of few words. 
In front of acquaintances, he was quite talkative. 
But today, he was unusually quiet and his appetite was not good, barely eating anything. 
It looked like he had been rejected by someone, not the opposite. 
He was in a state of complete devastation as if he had suffered a broken heart. 
Joanna had many questions, but she couldn’t ask in front of so many people. 
She could only wait until they finished eating and find a time to talk with Jeremy alone. 
She could also tell that there was definitely something between Jeremy and that girl Regina. 
Jeremy certainly didn’t truly dislike Regina. 
If he did, he wouldn’t have given her three years to pester him. 
In terms of relationships, the two of them held similar views. 
For those genuinely disliked, they showed great resistance and rejection, refusing to give any hope or illusions. 
"What are you thinking?" A deep, magnetic voice sounded next to her ear, and at the same time, a tender shrimp appeared in her bowl. 
The man’s deep, dark eyes gazed at her gently, asking, "Why are you eating so little today? Is it because the dishes aren’t to your liking?" 
Joanna snapped out of her thoughts, looked up, and met Ashton’s concerned and inquisitive gaze. She temporarily set aside Jeremy’s matter, smiled at him, and said, "No, the dishes are quite good."
"Then eat more." Ashton said, adding more food to her bowl. "You are so thin, yet you don’t eat much. You have the appetite of a kitten, I’m having such a hard time trying to put some weight on you." 
Joanna picked up the shrimp and muttered, "I’m an actress, I need to maintain my figure; I can’t eat too much." 
Among the female stars who only eat vegetables and boiled chicken or beef, her appetite was already considered quite large. 
She didn’t have much dietary restraint, as she ate many high-calorie foods that other female stars dared not touch. 
In the entertainment industry, there weren’t many artists who dared to eat like her. 
She thought her mumbling would only be heard by her. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as her voice fell, she heard the man next to her chuckle and say, "You’re already thin as a bamboo pole, and you still want to maintain your figure? If you keep maintaining it, a slightly stronger breeze might blow you away. Women look better with a little meat; being too thin isn’t attractive." 
His words were meant to get her to eat more. 
But in Joanna’s ears, they carried a hint of disdain. 
She pursed her lips, unwilling to accept his words, and retorted, "I’m not thin as a bamboo pole, I just look thin, but I have flesh on my body! A height of 168 and a weight of 92 pounds is a very standard combination, okay? Not too thin at all!"
###Chapter 332: Chapter 334: Let me tell you, she always wears a C Cup!
Before, when she went to the dance studio to practice, her coach praised her body proportions as outstanding. 
As if to prove her point, she spoke while unconsciously sticking out her chest a little. 
The grown-up girl had developed incredibly well. 
She was like a ripe peach, exuding an irresistibly sweet aroma. 
It was the sweetest and most delicious time. 
When Joanna puffed up her chest, Ashton Heath was briefly startled. Then, his dark eyes couldn’t help but fall on that soft, white spot. 
In his mind, he suddenly thought of that one night. 
There, he had touched with his hand, the feeling so amazing it was hard to believe... 
And indeed, she wasn’t thin at all; his hand couldn’t quite grasp everything. 
He was well aware of whether she had meat on her body or not. 
Looking at the thin girl with hardly any meat on her body, in reality, she was thin where she should be and had meat where she should have, not at all stick-like. 
As Ashton Heath kept looking, his eyes became darker. 
His gaze was too fiery and intense. 
As Joanna talked and felt something was wrong, she looked up into his eyes filled with fiery heat, then followed his gaze, her face flushing with a wave of heat. 
The young girl’s white face seemed to be burning, her cheeks bright red. 
She glared at him, then quickly sat up straight and grabbed a pillow from behind her, hugging it to her chest. 
Blocking that overly hot gaze. 
Ashton Heath, that... hooligan! 
What was he looking at just now? 
"Hmm." 
Unexpectedly, the hooligan not only looked but also agreed with the words she had just spoken, nodding and saying, "There is some meat. It’s thin, but it grows quite well." 
Ashton Heath truly felt that Joanna knew how to grow meat. 
How could she grow so perfectly in every place? 
He hadn’t seen many women’s bodies, but he knew hers was top-notch. 
That one night, just a glimpse, had amazed him. 
However, Aria, who didn’t know the situation, nodded in agreement, saying, "That’s right! Heartthrob, let me tell you, Joanna may look thin, but there’s still a lot of meat on her body! No, it’s not that she has a lot of meat, but the places where meat should grow are perfect!" 
"Don’t be fooled by her thinness, she wears a C Cup, I tell you!" 
"Aria!" 
Joanna’s face turned red as she stood up to cover Aria’s mouth. 
"Ah, baby, why are you covering my mouth? I’m just telling the truth. Also, even if I don’t say anything, Heartthrob already knows, right?" Aria dodged with a mischievous grin on her face, "Ah, no, Heartthrob should know better than me, after all, you guys have already... hehehe..." 
"Aria Rowlett, shut your mouth!" 
Seeing Aria become more and more explicit, Joanna was both embarrassed and angry, stomping her foot and about to rush over to tear her mouth open. 
A hot, strong arm wrapped around her waist and pulled her back. 
She fell into the man’s warm, sturdy chest, embraced by his arm circling around her. 
Hot breath fell in her ear. Ashton Heath’s lips almost touched her earlobe, his sultry, magnetic voice slowly entering her ear as he chuckled, "C-Cup, huh? So, my baby is so well-endowed?" 
In an instant, Joanna’s face seemed to be burning up. 
While Ashton spoke, his soft, hot lips brushed against her earlobe.
###Chapter 333: Chapter 335: It’s true, she didn’t talk nonsense.
Previously at the dance studio, her coach had praised her for having excellent body proportions. 
"Yeah, exactly! Heartthrob, let me tell you, Joanna looks thin, but she actually has quite a nice figure! No, no, it’s not that she has a lot of flesh on her body, but that every part of her body that should have some meat, has it in just the right amount!" 
"Don’t be fooled by her slimness, I’m telling you, she wears a C cup!" 
"Aria!" 
Joanna’s face flushed bright red as she got up to cover Aria’s mouth. 
"Ah, baby, why are you covering my mouth, I only speak the truth! And anyway, even if I don’t say it, our heartthrob knows it already, right!" Aria, with a naughty smile on her face, tilted her head to dodge Joanna. 
"Aria Rowlett, you shut up!" 
Seeing Aria getting more and more vulgar, Joanna stomped her foot and was about to rush over to cover her mouth. 
A strong, powerful arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her back. 
She stumbled into the man’s arms, held in his embrace with his arm hooked around hers. 
As warm breath brushed her ear, Ashton Heath chuckled, "Baby, is everything Aria said true?" 
At that moment, Joanna’s face felt like it was on fire. 
"You, don’t listen to Aria’s nonsense." 
A few seconds later, Joanna heard Ashton chuckle again. 
In a whisper only they could hear, he said, "I just took a visual estimate earlier, it’s true, she wasn’t talking nonsense." 
"Ashton Heath..." Feeling both shy and annoyed, Joanna raised her head and glared at him, "You, you hooligan!" 
"Me? A hooligan? How am I a hooligan for looking at my own wife?" 
After saying this, the man’s lips curved into a wicked, seductive smile. 
His cold gaze was now imbued with a bewitching charm that could captivate hearts. 
His appearance and demeanor at this moment were quite different from his usual self. 
It was as if he’d changed into a different person. 
Joanna stared blankly at the sight. 
Ashton Heath was already incredibly handsome, his stunning looks enough to make countless women lose their minds. This smile could directly hook away people’s souls. 
Even Joanna, who was already his wife and currently held in his embrace, was left staring in a daze. 
Unconsciously, she became infatuated. 
It wasn’t until a teasing laughter sounded in her ear that she slightly regained her senses. 
"Baby, is your husband that good-looking?" The man lowered his head, his eyes gentle, and tenderly tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. 
Then, he saw the girl in his arms blush, not only with a red face but also with red ears and neck. 
Her round, pitch-black eyes stared at him like two glazed beads, making her look adorable. 
From across the room, Aria saw Ashton Heath leaning in, whispering to Joanna. 
She didn’t know what he had said, but her baby’s face reddened like a boiled shrimp, and though Joanna would occasionally glare at him, her eyes were filled with sweetness. 
This sweetness made Aria feel itchy. 
When Joanna was dating David, Aria never envied her or had any romantic feelings. 
But now... 
Seeing her precious baby being cherished and adored by a man, she suddenly felt that having a relationship was quite nice. 
Having a boyfriend who loved her would be great. 
Although she had always been career-oriented and didn’t want to waste too much time on personal relationships...
###Chapter 334: Chapter 336: No need to explain, I believe you
Although she had always focused on her career and didn’t want to waste too much time on personal relationships, 
But, if there was a man like her heartthrob who appeared in her world, liked her, spoiled her, and treated her like a treasure, wouldn’t she want to fall in sweet love too? 
She felt that she might understand why Joanna Lawrence got married so early.
Who wouldn’t want to marry a man like her heartthrob, turn him into her husband, and have a bunch of kids with him?! 
Anyway, she would. 
In the face of absolute beauty, everything could be compromised! 
* 
After dinner, Aria Rowlett went their separate ways. 
Jeremy Lawrence remained silent, and when they returned to Hillside Villa, he went straight to his room without a word. 
Watching the young boy’s slender figure disappear around the staircase corner, Joanna sighed softly and said worriedly, "Jeremy seems to be in low spirits, should I go talk to him?" 
If, like she guessed, Jeremy had a crush on Regina Kelloway... 
Then the events of today would surely sadden Jeremy. 
Thinking about his illness and his recent discharge from the hospital, Joanna was worried that his heart would be affected. 
Ashton Heath walked to her side, reached out, and gently draped his arm over her shoulders: "Jeremy is only two years younger than you, and he isn’t a child anymore. I think he can digest this by himself. At times like this, he needs to be alone. It’s not good for you to go to him." 
Joanna was thinking the same thing, which was why she hesitated. 
She fell silent for a moment and then sighed softly, "Jeremy has never told me about this. Is Regina... really Rebecca Kelloway’s sister?" 
"Yes," Ashton nodded. 
Joanna: "..." 
What a messy relationship. 
Rebecca liked her husband, and Regina had a crush on her brother. 
The men they both liked were closely related to her. 
"Today, it was because Rebecca insulted Jeremy that I got so angry," Joanna felt that she needed to explain the incident that happened at the restaurant. 
"You don’t need to explain to me, I trust you," Before she could finish, Ashton interrupted her, his dark, deep eyes fixed on her, "You’re not the type to cause a scene without reason. If Rebecca hadn’t really done something outrageous, you wouldn’t have made that request." 
Joanna was startled. 
He trusted her... so much? 
Wasn’t he afraid that she was really being unreasonable? 
As she was thinking this, she asked, "What if I was being unreasonable? What if I just didn’t like her and wanted to make things difficult for her?" 
"Hmm?" The man’s sexy thin lips raised slightly, and he raised an eyebrow, "If you don’t like her because you’re jealous, I’d be very happy." 
Joanna: "..." 
Alright. 
She had to admit, his decision to unconditionally stand by her side was very satisfying for her. 
"I’m sorry," Joanna paused for a few seconds and said, "This time, because of me, things between you and your friend got so heated." 
Although she didn’t think she had done anything wrong. 
But, it was indeed because of her that his long-standing friendship had become so strained. 
This time, things were even more serious than the last time. 
If it wasn’t for protecting her, he wouldn’t have fought with his brother.
###Chapter 335: Chapter 337: When you wake up, your husband will be back
Making a move would certainly hurt their brotherly bond. 
No matter what Frank Parker said or did, after all, they had been friends for so many years. This argument must have weighed on his heart too. 
"It’s not your fault." Ashton Heath gently touched her head, his deep eyes narrowed, and said gently, "Don’t overthink it. If I didn’t stand up for you in that situation, would I still be your husband?" 
"Would you want someone like that as your husband?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought about it and shook her head gently. 
If Ashton had stood up for her then, she wouldn’t have said anything, but she would have felt uneasy deep down, right? 
But if he had stood up for her, he would have offended his friends. 
On one hand, there was his wife; on the other, his long-time friends. It must have been a difficult situation for him to be in. 
If only all his friends liked her. 
Then he wouldn’t have to feel so torn. 
But Joanna knew that it was next to impossible. 
Rebecca Kelloway already regarded her as a love rival, always giving her the cold shoulder. 
As for Frank... 
Joanna still couldn’t figure out why he disliked her so much. 
His hostility towards her was inexplicable. 
Could it be... 
Joanna suddenly thought of a possibility, her face changed slightly, and she glanced at Ashton with a weird look. 
"Baby, what’s wrong?" 
Joanna stared at him with that strange gaze for a while, her mouth twitched, and then shook her head: "No, nothing." 
It shouldn’t be the case, right? 
Frank seemed pretty normal, he didn’t look like he had that kind of inclination. 
"Feeling sleepy?" 
Although Ashton knew she wasn’t being honest, he didn’t press further. He wrapped his arm around her waist, slowly walking upstairs with her: "Let’s go upstairs and take a nap." 
Joanna was indeed feeling a little drowsy, so she nodded, "Hmm." 
* 
They entered the bedroom. 
Ashton lifted Joanna horizontally in his arms, carried her to the bedside, and gently laid her down on the bed.
He bent down, gave her a light kiss on her lips, and stroked her head, "Get some sleep." 
"What about you?" Joanna looked at him with her dark, watery eyes, a hint of sleepiness in their depths. 
"I have an engagement this afternoon." Ashton sat down by the bed, adjusted the thin blanket covering her, and looked at her tenderly, "I need to go out for a bit, but I’ll be free tonight to stay home with you." 
"I’ll try to come back early." 
His deep, dark eyes seemed to contain a sea of stars, or perhaps endless oceans, and their depths were unbelievably gentle. 
The way he looked at her was so soft it was beyond words. 
"I’ll try to come back early," as if coated in honey, sweetening the very core of her heart. 
Her lips curved into a smile, her heart filled with sweetness, and she couldn’t help but let the smile reach her lips, nodding at him gently: "Hmm, then... I’ll wait for you at home." 
The last few words were spoken softly, almost inaudibly. 
Ashton almost couldn’t make it out. 
But his hearing was always sharp, and eventually, he got it. 
A myriad of colors danced in the depths of his dark eyes, the starry sea therein shimmering with light, and his sensual thin lips curved into a smile as well. 
"Mm, baby, you’ll be good and wait for me at home." He lifted her tender, white hand, and kissed it gently, "By the time you wake up, your husband will be back." 
The delicate, cherry-like lips of the young girl were soft and rosy, and her fair hands were as smooth as jade. He held them in his palm, his moist lips pressed against her fingers, kissing each one in turn.
###Chapter 336: Chapter 338: Do you want to help me?
Laying hands on him would surely hurt their brotherly bond. 
No matter what Frank Parker said or did, they were friends for so many years. This time things got out of hand, and it must have been difficult for him too. 
"It has nothing to do with you." Ashton Heath reached out and touched her head, his deep eyes slightly narrowed, and his voice gentle, "Don’t overthink it. If I don’t stand up for you at that time, am I still your husband?" 
"Would you want to find someone like that as your husband?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought seriously for a moment, then gently shook her head. 
If Ashton had stood up for her at that time, although she might not say anything, she would definitely feel uncomfortable in her heart. 
But if he stood up for her, he’d inevitably offend his friends.
With his wife on one side and his longtime brothers on the other, it was a difficult position for him. 
If only all his friends liked her. 
Then he wouldn’t be so torn. 
But Joanna knew clearly that this was impossible. 
Rebecca Kelloway already regarded her as a love rival and disliked her in various ways. 
As for Frank Parker... 
To this day, Joanna couldn’t figure out why he disliked her. 
His hostility towards her was inexplicable. 
Could it be... 
Joanna suddenly thought of a possibility, her face slightly changing. She raised her head, looking at Ashton Heath with a strange expression. 
"Baby, what’s wrong?" 
Joanna stared at him with that strange look for a long time, her mouth twitching. She shook her head: "No, nothing." 
It shouldn’t be, right? 
Frank Parker looked normal, and he didn’t seem to have that kind of inclination. 
"Are you sleepy?" 
Although Ashton felt she wasn’t telling the truth, he didn’t continue to ask. He reached out and wrapped her waist, slowly walking upstairs with her in his arms: "Let’s go upstairs and sleep a bit." 
Joanna was indeed a bit sleepy, so she nodded: "Mm." 
* 
They entered the bedroom. 
Ashton directly picked up Joanna horizontally and carried her to the bed, gently placing her down. 
He bent down to touch her head: "Sleep." 
"What about you?" Joanna looked at him with her pair of moist, black eyes, slightly sleepy. 
"I have some social obligations this afternoon." Ashton sat on the edge of the bed, straightened the thin blanket covering her, and said gently, "I have to go out for a while, but I have nothing to do tonight, so I’ll be home with you." 
"I’ll try to come back early." 
His deep, black eyes seemed to hold a galaxy of stars and an endless ocean, the gentle waves at the bottom of his eyes were almost unbelievable. 
The way he looked at her was also incredibly soft. 
That phrase "I’ll try to come back early" was like honey, spreading sweetness in her heart. 
Her lips curved, and the sweetness in her heart made her smile uncontrollably. She nodded gently to him: "Mm, then... I’ll wait for you at home." 
The last few words were spoken softly and delicately. 
So softly that Ashton almost didn’t catch them. 
But his hearing was always sharp, and in the end, he still heard them. 
His dark eyes suddenly filled with sparkling light, the starry ocean in the depths of his eyes shining. His thin lips hooked up slightly as well. 
"Mm, Baby, wait for me obediently at home. By the time you wake up, I’ll be back." 
* 
Ashton waited until Joanna had fallen asleep before leaving. 
This afternoon’s appointment was at a golf course. 
When they arrived, the chairman of Newman Group came to greet him. 
The black Rolls-Royce opened, and a young man full of nobility stepped out. 
As soon as he got out of the car, everyone’s eyes fell on him. 
"President Newman, this is our President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton walked over and introduced him to an older man standing at the front. 
The older man stared at Ashton Heath for a few seconds, then showed a polite smile with a hint of respect, extending a hand: "So this is the new president of Heath Group, I didn’t expect him to be so young. Truly, youth has its advantages." 
"Thank you, President Ashton, for giving our Newman Group a chance to cooperate." 
The one speaking was the chairman of Newman Group, who was in his fifties. Having spent more than half of his life fighting in the business world, his status and identity were not something ordinary people could compare with. 
Everywhere he went, he received compliments. 
This time, it was his turn to flatter someone else. 
And it was a young man three decades younger than him. 
At first, he didn’t take the newly-appointed, young president of Heath Group, who had just returned to the country, too seriously.
###Chapter 337: Chapter 339: Must Snatch Joanna Lawrence’s Role Away
If they confronted each other, it would definitely hurt their brotherly bond. 
Regardless of what Frank Parker said or did, they had been friends for so many years. This time the dispute had become so intense, it was probably weighing heavily on his heart too. 
"It’s not your fault." Ashton Heath reached out and touched her head, "Don’t overthink it. If I didn’t stand up for you at that time, would I still be your husband?" 
"Would you want a person like that to be your husband?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought seriously and shook her head lightly. 
If Ashton had stood up for her at that time, she might not have said anything, but she would surely feel uncomfortable in her heart. 
But if he had to stand up for her, he would undoubtedly offend his friends. 
On one side was his wife, and on the other side were his long-time buddies. It must have been quite difficult for him to take a stand. 
If only all of his friends liked her. 
Then he wouldn’t have to be so conflicted. 
But Joanna knew clearly that this was impossible. 
Rebecca Kelloway had already considered her as a love rival, and was always hostile towards her. 
As for Frank Parker... 
Joanna still hadn’t figured out why he disliked her so much. 
His hostility towards her was inexplicable. 
Could it be... 
Joanna suddenly thought of a possibility, her expression changed slightly, and she raised her head, giving Ashton a strange look. 
"Baby, what’s wrong?" 
Joanna stared at him with that strange look for a while, the corner of her mouth twitched, and she shook her head, "No, it’s nothing." 
It shouldn’t be, right? 
Frank Parker seemed pretty normal and didn’t look like he had that kind of inclination.
"Are you sleepy?" 
Ashton felt that she wasn’t telling the truth, but he didn’t question further. He put his arm around her waist, walked slowly upstairs, and said, "Let’s go upstairs and take a nap." 
Joanna was a little sleepy, so she nodded, "Mm." 
* 
They entered the bedroom. 
Ashton immediately scooped Joanna up horizontally, and carried her to the bedside, then gently placed her on the bed. 
He bent down to touch her head, "Go to sleep." 
"What about you?" Joanna stared at him with her dark and moist eyes, which were slightly drowsy. 
"I have an appointment this afternoon." Ashton sat down by the bed and adjusted the thin blanket covering her, "I have to go out for a while, but I don’t have anything to do tonight. I can stay home with you." 
"I’ll try to come back early." 
His deep, dark eyes seemed to hold a universe of stars and an endless ocean, the gentle ripples in the depths exuding an indescribable tenderness. 
That sentence "I’ll try to come back early" felt like it was coated with honey, spreading sweetness to her heart. 
Her lips curled into a smile, her heart filled with sweetness, the laughter uncontrollably climbing to her lips. She nodded gently, "Mm, I’ll wait for you at home." 
The last few words were whispered softly and faintly. 
Ashton almost didn’t hear them clearly. 
But his hearing had always been sharp, so he did hear them in the end. 
His dark eyes suddenly shone with radiant colors, the starry ocean at the bottom of his eyes sparkling with light, and his thin lips gradually hooked into a smile. 
"Mm, wait for me at home. By the time you wake up, I’ll be back." 
* 
Ashton waited until Joanna fell asleep before he left. 
The afternoon appointment was arranged at a golf course. 
Upon his arrival, the chairman of Newman Group came to greet him. 
As the black Rolls-Royce opened, a young man with an elegant aura stepped out of the car.As soon as he got out of the car, all eyes were on him. 
"President Newman, this is our President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton walked over and introduced him to an older man standing at the forefront. 
The older man looked at Ashton Heath for a few seconds, revealing a courteous smile mixed with a bit of respect, and extended a hand saying, "So this is the new president of Heath Group. I never thought you’d be so young, quite impressive." 
"Thank you, President Ashton, for giving our Newman Group an opportunity to cooperate." 
The one speaking was the chairman of Newman Group, now in his fifties, having spent most of his life in the business world and possessing a status not easily matched by others. 
He was always the one to receive compliments wherever he went. 
This time, however, it was his turn to flatter someone else. 
And it was someone thirty years younger. 
Initially, he hadn’t taken the young, newly-returned president of Heath Group very seriously. 
How could someone so young, with no experience or resume, be able to handle the responsibilities of a president role? 
But such prejudice was mostly dispelled the moment he saw Ashton Heath. 
The young man in the suit, with his cold and noble face, was utterly different from what he imagined. 
Far from the pampered little boy he envisioned, Ashton’s presence was so overwhelming he even felt pressure from it. 
For the first time in his life, he was subdued by the presence of someone younger. 
At this point, he dared not underestimate him any longer. 
Being a seasoned player in the business world, he could tell after a single glance that this young man was no ordinary person. 
Ashton Heath looked down at him and reached out his hand to give a perfunctory shake before withdrawing it. "You’re too kind, President Newman. Heath Group chose to cooperate with Newman because of your strength." 
President Newman exchanged a few more compliments with Ashton. 
After some pleasantries, they were led into the golf course. 
* 
On the other side. 
From the moment Annie Lawrence stepped out of the audition hall, her face was extremely dark. 
Upon entering the elevator, her anger couldn’t be suppressed, and she gritted her teeth and growled at Linda, "That bitch actually got the part! Linda, did you hear that? They said the role was already confirmed." 
"What should I do? What should I do?" 
Annie grabbed Linda’s arm, her angry eyes revealing a hint of panic and confusion, "Help me think of a solution, hurry up and think of a way. We can’t let that bitch have a chance to rise, think of something to stop her." 
"How could they give the Female Lead 3 role to her?" 
"If she plays Female Lead 3, won’t she have a chance to make it big? The role has a lot of screen time; how can they give it to her?" 
"Annie, calm down." 
Linda looked at her agitated state, frowned, and said patiently, "This is not the end of the world; let’s think about things calmly." 
"How is it not the end of the world?" 
Annie Lawrence was very unhappy with her attitude, "Once you give Joanna Lawrence a chance, do you know what the consequences will be?" 
"Of course, I know." Linda looked at Annie guarding against Joanna like an enemy, and felt a little disdainful. 
She knew what Annie was worried about. 
Joanna had excellent conditions and a very outstanding appearance, the kind that would definitely become popular if someone was willing to promote her. 
She had the potential to become popular, even if she were just a vase. 
But surprisingly, Joanna was not only good-looking but also talented, which made Annie even more wary. 
If it weren’t for her constant suppression over the years, even if Joanna hadn’t become very successful, it wouldn’t have been a problem for her to become a third-tier celebrity. 
Back then, the instant she saw Joanna, she wanted to sign her. 
If it weren’t for the fact that David handed Annie over to her, she might have really signed Joanna. 
With the same resources given to Joanna, she would definitely be much more popular than Annie now. 
It must be because Annie understood this point that she had such a big reaction. 
"You know, hurry up and think of a solution." Annie stared at her discontentedly, "I don’t care what method you use, but you must take away the role from Joanna."
###Chapter 338: Chapter 340: This is a Losing Business Deal That Leads to Death
Linda felt speechless and had a headache, saying, "If I snatch the role of Female Lead 3, are you going to play it? Don’t forget, you signed for Female Lead 1 in ’Empire Palace.’ If you break the contract, not only will you have to pay a large amount of termination fees, but you will also offend many people." 
"Annie, think about it carefully, don’t act impulsively." 
"You’re giving up the role of Female Lead 1 for a Female Lead 3, which is a losing deal." 
Annie Lawrence clenched her lips and seemed determined, "As long as I can stop Joanna, I’ll accept the loss. It’s not difficult to get the role of Female Lead 1. With my current popularity, plus David’s investment, I won’t have to worry about finding other good resources in the future." 
"But what if you don’t stop her this time, give her the chance to show her face, and she turns the tables? How about that?" 
Linda obviously didn’t agree with her decision. 
’Empire Palace’ was a resource that she had struggled to acquire for a long time. 
There’s no doubt that, with this TV series, Annie’s popularity can rise to another level. 
Moreover, if she acts well and with a bit of luck, she might even win an award. 
Once she becomes the Best Actress, her value will be different. 
Although she could find good resources in the future, many things are about timing and opportunity. 
Moreover, her lack of integrity will certainly have an impact on her career. 
"Annie, I don’t agree with you breaking the contract. Have you considered that if you terminate the contract with ’Empire Palace,’ they will definitely sign Lisha Alcock? You are already being suppressed by Lisha now, but if she becomes more popular thanks to ’Empire Palace,’ it will be almost impossible for you to surpass her in the future." 
"If Lisha’s fame goes up another level, you two will not be on the same level anymore. Now, you can still share resources with her, but in the future, it will be difficult." 
Lisha Alcock is an artist promoted by Galaxy Agency’s rival company. 
While Annie is an artist promoted by Galaxy Agency. 
The two companies are rivals, competing for everything. 
Lisha has snatched endorsements from Annie, but Annie has also snatched resources from her. Since they are both A-list actresses with similar statuses, their resources are basically similar. 
But if Lisha takes another step up, she and Annie will no longer be on the same level. 
In the future, Annie will hardly be able to snatch resources from Lisha. 
However, Annie appeared to be indifferent and insistent, saying, "I don’t care, I want Joanna’s role." 
"You..." Linda’s face turned green with anger. 
She had never come across such an artist who didn’t take their future into consideration. 
But when considering that Annie was soon to marry into the Benington family, even if she didn’t act in the future, she would still be the young lady of the Benington family. 
With this identity, she doesn’t need to worry too much. 
And indeed, she does have the capital to be willful. 
However, Linda’s least favorite kind of artist is this type. 
Relying on their fallbacks, they act unrestrained and never wholeheartedly dedicate themselves to their careers. 
Such artists are destined not to go far. 
Watching Annie’s willfulness, for the first time, Linda started to consider her own future and wavered in her thoughts. 
She has great ambitions. 
Although she has made many artists famous, she has not yet made any of them Best Actress or Best Actor. 
Annie’s appearance and acting skills are average. 
Even if various resources are thrown at her, she can at most become a less influential Best Actress.
###Chapter 339: Chapter 341: I Can’t Handle Ms. Joanna’s Temper
Annie Lawrence definitely wouldn’t be able to win the Best Actress Award based on her true abilities. 
Moreover, Annie doesn’t listen to anyone and doesn’t follow the plans I have laid out for her. It’s even more difficult to promote her. 
If she continues to stay at the Galaxy Agency, they will surely only focus on promoting Annie. 
However, Linda could no longer see any hope in Annie. 
"Linda, can you hear me?!" 
A sharp voice rang in her ears, pulling Linda out of her thoughts. She looked up to see Annie glaring viciously at her, her tone as harsh as if she were commanding a servant, "If you can’t even handle such a simple task, then don’t be my agent." 
"I don’t need such a useless agent." 
Annie’s usual attitude wasn’t great, but it had never been this bad before. 
This time, she was infuriated by Joanna’s situation and lost some of her rationality. 
One could say that she didn’t leave any face for Linda. 
After all, Linda was an Acclaimed Agent. 
When David Benington asked her to focus on promoting Annie, he said a few good words to convince her. 
But now Annie was calling her a useless agent. 
Even though Linda had some opinions about Annie because of David Benington, she was bearing with it all the time. 
But today, she felt like she couldn’t bear it any longer. 
No sooner had Annie finished speaking than she saw Linda’s face darken. Her attitude changed immediately, and she stopped being as polite as before: "Annie, I am your agent, not your subordinate. Watch your tone." 
"What did you say?" Annie’s face changed as well, staring blankly at her for a few seconds before retorting with an ugly expression, "What’s going on? Why are you suddenly so fierce? The one who should watch their tone is you, not me. I’m your Lady Boss." 
"Is that how you talk to the Lady Boss?" 
"Lady Boss?" Linda finally understood why Annie didn’t take her seriously as an agent. 
Annie’s attitude towards her was just like a Lady Boss treating a subordinate. 
Linda couldn’t help but laugh: "Unless I remember it wrong, Annie, you haven’t married Mr. David yet, have you? How did you become my Lady Boss already?" 
Now that they had reached this point, Linda no longer wanted to continue working with Annie. 
She just couldn’t stand her temper. 
Even if David held a grudge against her, she was ready to take the risk and quit. 
She was a respected Acclaimed Agent, so why should she put up with Annie’s temper? 
"Linda, what do you mean?" Annie also realized Linda’s intention to break the partnership. Otherwise, her attitude wouldn’t be so extreme. 
Linda looked directly into her eyes and said bluntly, "Ms. Joanna, I can’t handle your temper. Since you think I’m useless, let Mr. David find you a useful agent. Let’s end our cooperation here." 
"I’ll tell Mr. David about this myself. I’m sure he’ll quickly find someone exceptional who can handle all of Ms. Joanna’s matters beautifully. But we’ve worked together for so many years, so I have some advice for you. As for whether you listen or not, it’s up to you." 
Annie’s face was full of disbelief. 
She never thought Linda would dare to do this. 
She was David’s woman, the future Lady Boss of the Galaxy Agency. 
How could a small employee like her dare to confront her like this? Wasn’t she afraid that Annie would ask David to fire her?
###Chapter 340: Chapter 342: Did She Have a Conflict with Her Agent?
Linda could guess what Annie was thinking, but at this moment, she didn’t care much about it. 
If she dared to do this, she was prepared to bear the consequences. 
With her fame and ability in the industry, she wouldn’t worry about finding another agency even if she left Galaxy Agency. 
She had nothing to fear. 
Moreover, she was thinking of leaving the Galaxy Agency anyway. 
Ever since David took over Galaxy Agency, her influence had been diminishing. 
In the past, when the Galaxy Agency chose artists, she had the final say. 
But now, all the power was in David’s hands, and as a self-centered person, he didn’t adopt any of her suggestions. 
She had been unhappy for a while. 
But she had worked at Galaxy Agency for so many years and developed feelings for it, and she was not willing to leave for the time being. 
"Annie, if you really want to make a name for yourself in the entertainment industry, you need to work hard, be serious, and take this job seriously. Otherwise, even if Mr. David promotes you and gives you good resources, without the corresponding strength, you can’t hold on to it." 
"Moreover, you’re not particularly suited for the film and television industry, your appearance lacks audience appeal. I suggest you participate more in variety shows. Being a variety show queen is also not bad, better than performing in dramas." 
These were all Linda’s heartfelt words. 
Annie’s acting skill, for Melodramatic Idol Drama was fine. 
But to test her acting ability in serious dramas would only expose her shortcomings. 
She had suggested this to David before, but David said Annie liked acting, so she was promoted in the direction of an actress. 
She thought that as long as her acting skills were acceptable, and David would help get resources, even if she couldn’t become a seasoned actress, being an idol actress was fine too. 
So she didn’t say anything more. 
Now, since she decided to quit, it’s better to tell the truth. 
Annie’s face turned livid, she called out Linda’s full name, "Linda Tame, don’t you want to work anymore? Do you know the consequences of saying these things? As long as I say something, do you think you can stay at Galaxy Agency?" 
To threaten her? 
Linda smirked, shrugged, and showed an indifferent expression: "Whatever. Everything I just said was from the bottom of my heart. Think about it." 
The elevator reached the first floor. 
With a "ding" sound, the elevator door opened, Linda didn’t look at Annie’s distorted angry face and turned around and left. 
Seeing her walking away like that without stopping for a moment, Annie couldn’t believe she dared to do so. 
"Linda Tame, you’ll regret this!" she shouted angrily at the figure that was gradually moving away. 
Some people were still waiting for auditions in the lobby on the first floor. 
Annie is a first-line actress now, so naturally, many people knew her. 
Linda was also a well-known agent in the industry, and many people knew her as well. 
Seeing the two of them, one standing in the elevator and the other almost walking out of the hotel, both with ugly expressions, some people couldn’t help talking: "Isn’t that Annie? She’s had a falling out with her agent?" 
"It looks like they’ve had a disagreement. She’s really got guts, making her agent so angry. Isn’t she worried about being marginalized?" 
"What marginalization? I heard the president of Galaxy Agency is her boyfriend, so she’s got nothing to worry about." 
"The president of Galaxy Agency is her boyfriend? You’re talking about Mr. David? But, I heard Mr. David has a fiancée. His fiancée isn’t Annie Lawrence, is
###Chapter 341: Chapter 343: Did Annie Lawrence Dare to Hit Someone in Public?
"I heard that Mr. David has a fiancee. He even brought her to some occasions before." 
"Then how did she end up as Annie Lawrence’s boyfriend? Surely she didn’t become a homewrecker and messed with their relationship?" 
The voices of the people discussing weren’t loud. 
But they were not quiet either. 
Annie Lawrence heard it all. 
When she heard someone calling her a homewrecker, she was so angry that she clenched her fist and walked towards the person who spoke. 
"Who are you calling a homewrecker? David Benington broke up with his fiancee a long time ago, and I’m his legitimate girlfriend. What are you all talking nonsense about here?!" Annie Lawrence once partook in causing a breakup, even though she’s now in a proper relationship. Still, she becomes particularly sensitive when she hears the term ’homewrecker’. 
She couldn’t tolerate others calling her a homewrecker. 
She was already furious, her face was as green as a thunderstorm, staring at the artiste who had called her a "homewrecker," her expression fierce. "This is defamation, I can sue you for that." 
The artiste was scared and jumped. 
She was just casually making some gossip, and did not expect Annie Lawrence to hear it. 
And then she rushed over. 
The artiste, feeling guilty, originally intended to apologize. But seeing Annie Lawrence’s nasty attitude, she suddenly became upset too, and sneered at her: "So you’re not a homewrecker then. What’s with all the hostility? You’re acting as if you’re guilty." 
Annie Lawrence’s face turned dark: "Who are you saying is guilty?" 
The artiste was not one to back down easily. Even knowing that Annie Lawrence was David Benington’s girlfriend didn’t scare her. 
She wasn’t an artiste under the Galaxy Agency. 
David Benington couldn’t take her out of circulation, and the influence of Benington family wasn’t large enough to block her career either. 
Looking at Annie Lawrence, she didn’t bother to be courteous either. With a provocative smile, she mocked: "Whoever’s more upset, that’s who I’m talking about. No need to overreact. I just wondered why certain people’s resources improved so much all of a sudden, well turns out it came from hooking up with their own boss." 
"Unfortunately, no matter how great your resources are, without actual ability, it’s useless." 
"What did you say? How dare you repeat that?" 
Annie Lawrence’s treatment is top-tier within Galaxys Agency. 
Some of the senior artists in the company treat her with utmost respect.
The newcomers flatter her even more. 
Other artistes in the industry also try to make good relations with her; no one has ever openly been rude to her. 
Now, insulted by a lowly newbie in public like this, she couldn’t endure it. 
At this moment, her anger clouded her judgement. Without her assistant Linda by her side to restrain her, she raised her hand and slapped the artiste across the face. 
A palatable smack resonated around them. 
The slapped artiste was shocked. 
The surrounding artistes were also stunned, looking at her in shock. 
Annie Lawrence dared to hit someone in public? 
Has she gone mad? 
Doesn’t she care about her image? 
Looking at the artiste’s swelling face, Annie Lawrence felt a sense of satisfaction, and sneered: "That’s for talking nonsense. Just a newcomer and already this arrogant. Today, I will teach you a lesson." 
The slapped artiste was still very young and barely eighteen. 
She was always pampered like a little princess at home. 
Now having been slapped by Annie Lawrence, she naturally couldn’t bear it. 
She raised her hand and aimed a slap at Annie Lawrence’s face too. 
Annie quickly dodged, and the artiste made another attempt, toppling her to the ground. 
The two ended up in a scuffle. 
Others tried to break them up, but they couldn’t pull them apart.
###Chapter 342: Chapter 344: Has Mr. David Dealt with Him Before?
The hall suddenly became chaotic, everyone passing by stopped to watch the spectacle. 
Two female celebrities fighting in public, it was quite entertaining to see. 
Especially when one of them was the recently popular actress Annie Lawrence. 
Some people took out their phones to capture this "exciting" moment. 
* 
In the locker room of a golf course. 
A handsome young man changed into athletic wear and walked out of the locker room with a middle-aged man in his forties. 
"I’ve heard that President Shackleton is exceptionally good at golf, rarely finding a match for him. I’m finally able to witness it today." 
Entering the golf course. 
The handsome young man took a cue from the staff, bent down, made a swing, and tried the feel of the club. 
The middle-aged man next to him also took the cue and said with a smile, "I haven’t played in over a year, I’m rusty now. I’m afraid I’ll lose to Mr. David today." 
"President Shackleton is being humble." David responded with a gentle and modest smile, saying some pleasantries, "After playing two or three balls, you’ll get your feel back. Please go easy on me later so that I don’t lose too badly." 
"Hahaha." President Shackleton swung a club, and the golf ball accurately landed in the hole ahead. 
David immediately applauded and exclaimed with a smile, "You said you were rusty, but even your rusty shots are like this. If you weren’t rusty, wouldn’t you be invincible?" 
"There are always better players and people. There are many people who play better than me." 
"Oh?" David looked a bit surprised, "Is there someone in the industry who plays golf better than President Shackleton? Who could it be?" 
President Shackleton took another swing, watched the ball fall into the hole, and then handed the cue to a staff member standing by. 
He took a sip of water from the table and said with a smile, "He’s a young man, quite impressive. I’ve played against him once, and if he hadn’t gone easy on me, I would have lost terribly. Sigh, the younger generation is truly fearsome." 
David had worked with President Shackleton for many years, but this was the first time he had ever heard him praise someone so much. 
Curiosity stirred in his heart. 
"Who is this young man President Shackleton speaks of? Do I know him?" 
"The recently appointed president of the Heath Group, have you ever dealt with him, Mr. David?" 
David was stunned. 
The Benington family had some cooperation with the Heath Group, but for the Heath Group, the orders from the Benington family were dispensable. 
He hasn’t yet had the opportunity to interact with the President of the Heath Group. 
Although he wished he had such an opportunity, the gap between the Benington family and the Heath family was significant. The President of the Heath Group wasn’t someone David could just meet on a whim. 
"President Shackleton is joking." David’s eyes flickered slightly, pondering for a few seconds before saying with a smile, "The president of the Heath Group is such an important figure. How could ordinary people have the chance to meet him? I heard that the newly-appointed young president is only in his twenties. Is it true?" 
"Yes, he is very young," President Shackleton said with emotion, "He is also very handsome and has an extraordinary temperament. It’s no wonder he is the son of the once number one beauty. Among this younger generation, he is the most outstanding." 
"In terms of appearance and ability, there’s nothing to fault. Despite his youth, he can hold his ground against those self-important old folks in the Heath family." 
David listened quietly for a while, and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. 
As he listened to President Shackleton describe this person, David suddenly remembered the young man he had met at the banquet hall
###Chapter 343: Chapter 345 Heath Group, Ashton Heath
That man’s surname was also Heath. 
He was extremely good-looking and appeared quite young. 
He drove a Rolls-Royce with a very impressive license plate number that David couldn’t trace the owner of, despite using all his connections. 
That man had the power to bankrupt Hook Group overnight. 
The more David thought about it, the more alarmed he felt. When he considered a certain possibility, he felt weak all over and broke out in a cold sweat. 
"What’s wrong, Mr. David? Are you feeling unwell?" President Shackleton asked, having just taken a shot and looking concerned about David’s suddenly pale complexion. 
David was terrified and a little bewildered. 
He had scared himself with his own thoughts. 
But on second thought, he felt it was impossible. 
It was widely known that the new president of Heath Group had no women by his side, except for Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family. 
So, how could Joanna possibly be with him? 
With this thought, David finally felt relieved. 
His face slowly regained its color as he wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and picked up his cue, walking over to President Shackleton. "It’s nothing, just an old stomach issue. I’m fine now." 
President Shackleton nodded, exchanged a few more polite words, and resumed playing. 
* 
By the time David finished accompanying President Shackleton and discussing the contract, it had already been two hours. 
Standing outside the entrance of the golf course, he watched President Shackleton’s Land Rover drive away before turning towards the parking lot, ready to leave. 
Just as he turned around, he saw a figure in black walking towards him. 
When he recognized the man’s face, David’s expression changed and he stopped in his tracks. 
It was him. 
The man he had seen at the banquet last time. 
David stared in astonishment at the man, who had evaded many invitations and was now being treated with great respect by President Newman. 
One looked like a master, the other like a servant. 
The one resembling the servant was President Newman. 
This scene was quite shocking to David. 
Newman Group was quite renowned in Closia as well. 
There had been times when the Benington family needed Newman Group’s help. 
When David met Manager Joshua Ranson, he would always politely call him "Charlie". 
"Ah, isn’t this the young master of the Benington family?" President Newman greeted David when he saw him. 
Only then did David regain his senses, withdrawing his inquisitive gaze and politely calling out: "Charlie." 
"David, are you here for business too?" 
Since President Newman had some acquaintances with David’s father, it was only natural for him to ask about the younger generation. 
David looked at Ashton Heath standing next to President Newman – his gaze was cold and his face expressionless. He nodded: "Yes. Is Charlie also here for business? May I ask who the gentleman next to you is...?" 
Thinking of the man’s relationship with Joanna, David felt an inexplicable sense of anger. 
When he looked at Ashton, his eyes were filled with hostility. 
It was the kind of hostility one would have when seeing a love rival. 
President Newman, fearing that talking for too long might delay matters and upset the person beside him, was about to give a perfunctory answer and leave. However, the distinguished man by his side unexpectedly took the initiative to introduce himself: "Heath Group, Ashton Heath." 
David’s eyes widened in astonishment, looking up sharply. 
"You’re from Heath Group?" 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips: "Yes." 
He casually placed his hands in his suit trouser pockets, standing tall and straight with his long legs and an erect posture, like a pine tree. 
The aura surrounding him was so strong that people felt the urge to kneel and worship him.
###Chapter 344: Chapter 346: I can help her return it to you
The young face was extremely handsome, but not at all immature. The eyebrows and eyes exuded a sense of calm, and the gaze was somewhat cold and sharp. The overall aura and temperament were not quite compatible with his age. 
David Benington could also be considered a standout among the talented young people. 
However, when he stood with Ashton Heath, he was instantly overshadowed. 
He was directly downgraded by several notches. 
David Benington looked at him in astonishment, recalling the things President Shackleton had just said. 
Young age, exceptionally handsome, outstanding abilities, and especially good at playing golf. 
And their current location was at a golf course. 
Thinking of President Newman’s extremely respectful attitude towards Linden just now, the guess he had dismissed earlier resurfaced in his mind. 
As if frightened, his face was filled with disbelief: "I don’t know which department Mr. Ashton works in at Heath Group, nor what position he holds?" 
He still refused to believe that the man before him, whose last name was Heath, could be the newly appointed president of Heath Group. 
Even though, his various qualifications fit the descriptions President Shackleton had just given. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t have had the chance to know the newly appointed president of Heath Group. 
Nor could she be so intimately with him. 
President Newman had been observing the situation from the sidelines. Upon seeing Ashton Heath taking the initiative to introduce himself, he thought Linden was interested in getting to know David Benington. So, Newman intended to help the two get acquainted with each other. 
The child of the Benington family looked quite promising. 
He was willing to give a helping hand to the promising young talents he admired. 
After thinking about it, President Newman smiled and said, "Maria, this is President Ashton." 
David Benington’s face instantly turned pale. 
"President Ashton?" 
"Yes, President Ashton is..." 
President Newman wanted to provide further introduction, but he heard the voice beside him saying indifferently, "It’s just a small department in Heath Group, nothing worth mentioning. President Newman, I’ll just leave it at that. I’ll take my leave now." 
After speaking, Ashton Heath walked past the two, heading towards a parking lot nearby. 
David stood in place for a few seconds, seeing Ashton walking towards a Lamborghini not far away, he suddenly caught up. 
Before Ashton could get in the car, David stopped him: "Mr. Ashton, please wait." 
Ashton Heath had one hand on the car door, turned to look at him, with a cold gaze and indifferent voice: "What can I do for Mr. David?" 
David Benington looked at the handsome and outstanding man in front of him, tightened his lips in silence for a few seconds, then said with a not-so-friendly tone: "Mr. Ashton, let’s talk." 
Ashton Heath’s dark eyes narrowed: "Talk? I wonder what Mr. David would like to discuss with me?" 
David Benington didn’t beat around the bush: "Mr. Ashton is a smart man should be able to guess. I don’t know how you met Joanna, or what conditions you promised her, that made her willing to be with you." 
"But I want to tell Mr. Ashton that if you’re just after novelty, thinking Joanna is pretty and want to play with her, I hope Mr. Ashton can spare her. Whatever amount of money you’ve given her, I can help her return it to you." 
"A girl like Joanna is not suitable for you. As long as Mr. Ashton is willing to let her go, I can find more beautiful women for Mr. Ashton." 
David Benington guessed that Ashton Heath’s identity was probably a manager or vice president of some department in Heath Group. 
He should be in charge of a relatively important department within Heath Group. 
That’s why President Newman was so courteous to him.
###Chapter 345: Chapter 347: Is it inconvenient to say, or too embarrassing to say?
Although holding a senior executive position in Heath Group is quite an achievement, no matter how outstanding one is, they are still just a high-level worker for the company. 
No matter how much power one gains, it does not truly belong to them. 
Such a position didn’t pose much threat to him. 
Which is why he dared to approach and say these things to Ashton Heath. 
He knew that the welfare benefits and pay scales of Heath Group’s senior executives were very high, with salaries ranging from several million to hundreds of millions dollars. 
It would be no problem to financially support a lover with that kind of money. 
But for him, that amount of money was not a big deal.
The Benington Group makes more than a billion dollars in profits annually, and his income far exceeded that of Heath Group’s senior executives. 
No matter how much money Ashton Heath gave to Joanna Lawrence, he could repay it. 
Upon hearing David Benington’s words, Ashton Heath slightly raised his brows and smiled, " Mr. David, do you think the reason I am with Joanna is that I am attracted to her beauty and novelty?" 
Even if David Benington didn’t think the senior executives of Heath Group could threaten him, he didn’t want to offend them either. 
The Benington family and Heath Group still have collaborations. 
It would not do him any good to offend others. 
Facing Ashton Heath’s seemingly amused gaze, David Benington paused for a moment and then smiled, "Mr. Ashton, I spoke out of turn in my haste just now. I hope you won’t take offense. Actually, I have an unusual relationship with Joanna, which is why I made such a request." 
Ashton Heath’s grip on the car door tightened, his eyes darkened, but he still spoke with a smile, "Oh? Mr. David, what do you mean by ’unusual relationship’?" 
David’s eyes flickered with a hint of provocation as he said word by word, "She is my ex-lover, and we almost got married." 
"We’ve known each other for ten years and understand each other best. That’s why I know that her being with you is not genuine. President Ashton, you have so many good qualities and must have no shortage of women. Is it worth keeping a woman who is not wholeheartedly yours by your side?" 
"I assume President Ashton is a very proud person and doesn’t like to force others. To be honest, aside from being pretty, Joanna has no other advantages. She has a dull personality and is not pleasing, especially when it comes to intimacy. She’s awkward and clueless." 
"President Ashton, if you want to find a compassionate guide, why bother spending money on a wooden-headed and charmless woman?" 
As soon as David finished speaking, he felt that the air pressure around them had lowered. 
Raising his eyes to meet Ashton Heath’s suddenly cold and sharp gaze, David froze, feeling a chill run down his spine. 
"President Ashton, you..." 
"Mr. David." Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, emitting a dangerously cold light in their depths, his voice deep, "You just said you and Joanna have known each other for ten years, are very close, and almost got married?" 
David hesitated, "...Yes." 
"Heh." Ashton Heath let out a cold laugh, "So it seems that you two were quite close? Then, I want to ask why you broke up?" 
David’s face changed, his eyes darted back and forth for a moment before he hesitantly spoke, "I’m sorry, but this is between her and me and is not appropriate to share with others." 
Ashton Heath’s cold eyes bore into him, "Is it inconvenient to say, or you are just too embarrassed to say? Mr. David, on one hand, you have deep feelings for her sister, and on the other hand, you want to play the hero and save her from misery. Just how big is your heart, and how many people do you want to cram into it?"
###Chapter 346: Chapter 348: The Heath family, we really can’t afford to mess with them.
David Benington looked at him in surprise, a hostile look on his face: "You..." 
Ashton Heath suddenly changed his facial expression, took a step forward, reached out and grabbed David’s collar, an icy gaze fixed on him: "David, you bullied Joanna like that, and I haven’t killed you yet. You should be grateful that I have even this little bit of kindness left. Who gave you the guts to make these requests in front of me?" 
"If it wasn’t for Joanna, do you think you’d still be standing here right now? Killing you would be easier than crushing an ant. This is my last warning to you, Joanna Lawrence is now my woman. If you dare covet her again, I will make your death a very ugly one." 
Having said that, he let go of David, turned around, and got into his car. 
"Bang," the car door closed, the silver Lamborghini quickly drove out of the parking area. 
David, with a face full of exhaust fumes, stood in the same spot and didn’t move. 
He was chilled from head to toe. 
Frightened. 
Just now, when Ashton Heath said the words, "I will make your death very ugly," he saw a flash of murderous intent in Ashton’s eyes. 
At that moment, he clearly felt that Ashton truly wanted to kill him. 
"Maria, what’s going on? What happened between you and President Ashton?" 
President Newman was standing not far away, he had seen the whole scene just now. After Ashton’s car drove away, he hurried over to ask. 
David turned his pale face, with a frightened look in his eyes. He hesitated for a long time before his lips moved slightly, his voice trembling slightly: "Charlie, who is he really?" 
At first, he guessed that Ashton Heath was the new President of the Heath Group, but then he found a reason to dispel that idea. 
Later, he guessed he was one of the senior executives of the Heath Group. 
But now, he felt he was wrong again. 
As just a senior executive, no one would act so arrogantly. 
"He’s not from a small department, is he?" Not waiting for President Newman to speak, David clenched his fists and gritted his teeth: "Charlie, you know him, don’t you? Tell me, who is he?" 
President Newman frowned at him and shook his head after a while: "Maria, including this time, I’ve only met President Ashton twice in total. I really don’t know much about him. I don’t even know what position he holds in the Heath Group."
Of course, President Newman knew Ashton’s true identity. 
However, since Ashton had just said that, it meant he didn’t want David to know his true identity. 
President Newman naturally wouldn’t reveal it either. 
But, thinking that Ashton’s face didn’t look very good when he left, President Newman hesitated for a moment and decided he should warn this junior. 
After all, his father and he had a good relationship. 
The two families also had cooperation. 
If David offended Ashton, it would be disastrous. 
"Maria, even though I don’t know what position President Ashton occupies in the Heath Group, his surname is Heath, which might mean he’s one of the side relatives of the Heath family. Since he’s working for the Heath Group, it means he’s valued by the family." 
"You mustn’t offend him. The Heath family is not someone we can afford to offend." 
It was only because President Newman cared about his friendship with the Benington family that he kindly reminded David. 
If it were someone else, he wouldn’t bother. 
But to his surprise, David didn’t seem to appreciate it, nor did he take his words very seriously. 
Upon hearing this, he even felt a sense of relief. 
"So he’s just a side relative."
###Chapter 347: Chapter 349: Ms. Joanna is currently at the police station
David Benington looked at President Newman’s wary expression, pulled the corner of his mouth and said with a hint of disdain, "Uncle Newman, you’re too nervous. The Heath family is big and powerful, with countless side branch relatives. There’s no need to be so apprehensive." 
No wonder he was so arrogant. 
It turned out that he was relying on the power of the Heath family. 
Unfortunately, he is just a member of the side branch of the Heath family, not the real President of the Heath Group. 
Even if he offends him, the Heath family can’t possibly start a war just for a relative. 
Seeing that David didn’t take his previous words seriously, President Newman frowned but didn’t say anything more. 
He had said everything he needed to say. 
Whether David took it to heart or not was none of his business now. 
His friendship with the Benington family only allowed him to do so much. 
If David Benington’s son insisted on courting death, he would not try to stop him. 
"Alright, I have some things to do. When you go back, tell your dad I’ll join him for fishing when I have time." 
"Okay, I’ll pass along the message. Uncle Newman, take care." 
David watched President Newman get into the car before turning and walking towards another area of the parking lot. 
As he approached, he took out his car key and pressed the button. A silver-gray Porsche sports car beeped twice and clicked open. 
David walked over, opened the door and got into the car. 
As soon as he sat down, his phone rang. 
He picked up the phone and saw it was a call from a company employee. He answered immediately, "Hello." 
"Mr. David." A respectful voice came from the other end, "Can you come to the police station right away?" 
"Police station?" David Benington frowned, puzzled, "What happened?" 
There was a moment of hesitation on the other end before the person said, "Joanna, Ms. Joanna is at the police station now." 
"Annie is at the police station?" David froze for a few seconds, his eyebrows knitted tightly together, "What happened? Why is she at the police station?" 
There was another hesitation before the person on the other end stammered, "Ms. Joanna had a verbal altercation with a female artist from the HE Company. Then... then they started fighting. Someone called the police, and now she and the female artist are both at the police station giving statements." 
"She got into a fight with someone?" David looked incredulous and couldn’t believe it. 
In his heart, Annie Lawrence was such a gentle and delicate woman. 
How could she get into a fight with someone? 
Recalling that she was now pregnant, David’s face turned pale in an instant. He gripped his phone tightly and asked nervously, "Did she get injured?" 
"Ms. Joanna’s face was scratched, and her arm was slightly scratched as well. Other than that... it seems like there’s no big trouble." 
Annie’s pregnancy had not yet been made public. 
Except for the people in the Benington and Lawrence families, no outsiders knew about it. 
David worried about the child in her belly but couldn’t ask directly. After a thought, he asked in a deep voice, "Did she say she feels unwell anywhere?" 
"... It seems like she did not mention that. Ms. Joanna just said she wanted to see you and asked me to call you." 
David Benington breathed a sigh of relief. 
It seemed that Annie should be fine. Now that she was pregnant, she would care more about the child in her belly than he did. 
She would not keep it a secret if something happened to the child. 
"Tell her not to panic, I’ll be there right away." 
* 
When David Benington arrived at the police station, Annie had just finished giving her statement. 
The moment she saw him, she rushed forward and flung herself into his arms, holding him tightly. 
With red, teary eyes, she looked extremely wronged and pitiful. Annie buried her face in David’s chest and sobbed softly, "David, you’re finally here. I’m so scared."
###Chapter 348: Chapter 350: No One Dares to Hurt You Anymore
She seemed genuinely terrified, her body trembling incessantly. 
As David lowered his head, he saw her tearful eyes and pale face filled with fear. 
Her face had been scratched, and two long red marks on her fair cheeks looked appalling. 
David’s face immediately darkened as he reached out to hold her, speaking in a soothing tone, "Annie, don’t be scared, I’m here. No one will hurt you when I’m around. Don’t be afraid..." 
Annie Lawrence clung to him, crying bitterly, "David, you must stand up for me. My face has been scratched, what am I going to do about my work going forward?" 
Annie relied on her beauty for her job, and with her face scratched like this, she wouldn’t fully recover for about a week. 
However, her upcoming schedule was packed, and she had no time for rest. 
Especially with an upcoming announcement the day after tomorrow. 
The announcement wouldn’t bring much money, but it would be quite helpful in boosting her popularity. 
David thought of this as well. 
Looking at the two long red scratches on Annie’s face, his eyes darkened, and he coldly said, "You don’t need to worry about this. Think of it as a vacation for yourself; I’ll arrange everything for you. Tell me what happened, how did the female artists from HE Company get into a fight with you?" 
In David’s opinion, it must have been the female artists from HE Company bullying Annie. 
Annie, being a gentle, kind, and soft-spoken woman, would never actively start a fight. 
Although he could not control HE Company’s artists, he could not stand by and let others bully his woman like this. 
As Annie Lawrence opened her mouth to speak, David furrowed his brows, "Where’s Linda? Why isn’t she with you?" 
At the mention of this, Annie’s eyes filled with tears, which began to fall. 
She looked at David with teary eyes, "I had a little misunderstanding with Linda today, and we got into an argument. In anger, she said she didn’t want to do it anymore. She even mocked my acting skills, saying that I’m not suitable for acting and that I should go into variety shows." 
David’s eyes revealed surprise, "Linda said she doesn’t want to do it anymore?" 
Linda had been a long-time employee of Galaxy Agency, working there for nearly ten years. 
Why would she suddenly quit? 
"Yeah." 
Annie glanced at David’s face and spoke with a sense of grievance, "We’ve had little arguments before because of differing opinions, but they were usually brief and ended quickly. I don’t know what happened this time, but she suddenly lashed out at me and then said she wouldn’t be my agent anymore." 
"She said she’d tell you about it. I thought you knew already." 
Annie was truly feeling wronged. 
Until now, she couldn’t figure out why Linda had suddenly turned against her. 
Was it just because she wanted to break the contract for "Empire Palace"? 
After all, she was David’s girlfriend and the future Lady Boss of Galaxy Agency. 
Canceling a contract for a TV series was nothing. 
In the future, if she wanted good resources, she could obtain them easily. Even if she didn’t participate in "Empire Palace," it wouldn’t have much impact on her career. 
David’s face grew increasingly dark as he listened. 
"Are you sure it was just some small arguments that made her quit?" 
"David, do you think I’m lying to you?" Annie looked at him tearfully, "She wanted me to stop acting and only do variety shows. Just because I didn’t agree with her and rebutted her, she got angry and said she wouldn’t do it anymore." 
"Maybe she thinks that after working at Galaxy Agency for ten years and helping so many artists become famous, they all obediently listen to her, but I didn’t. Is that why she doesn’t want to be my agent anymore?"
###Chapter 349: Chapter 351: Don’t You Feel Uncomfortable in Your Stomach?
David looked at Annie Lawrence’s tear-filled black eyes, remained silent for a few seconds, then reached out to touch her head and softly comforted her: "I didn’t say I don’t trust you; don’t think too much about it. Linda... she is indeed a veteran of the company, and she has made many artists famous, so she has a certain status in Galaxy Agency." 
"The artists all respect her very much." 
"It’s probably because the artists she used to manage listened to her very well, but you are not as obedient, that’s why she is unhappy." 
"But I really love acting!" Annie felt wronged and bit her lip, "She can arrange variety shows for me, but not letting me act at all is something I can’t accept. I can agree to all her other requests, but in this matter, I can’t listen to her." 
"I always thought she was easy to get along with, but I didn’t expect her to say she would quit Galaxy Agency over such trivial matters. David, she knows our relationship, but she still acts like this, not only does she not take me seriously, she doesn’t take you seriously either." 
"Is it because she thinks that she has made such great achievements that you wouldn’t dare do anything to her?" 
Annie said these words with an innocent face. 
Just as she finished speaking, she saw David’s face darken slightly and a hint of anger in his eyes. 
Annie looked at his expression and pursed her lips: "Since you’ve just taken over the Benington Group, you probably don’t have much authority in the eyes of old employees like her. Naturally, she is not afraid of you. I think she doesn’t really want to quit, she’s just trying to vent her anger." 
"Anyway, she firmly believes that it’s impossible for you to let her leave Galaxy Agency." 
Since Linda no longer wants to be her agent, 
Then just get out of Galaxy Agency altogether. 
What she needs is an agent who obeys her, not one who tries to make her obey them. 
She knew David very well. 
A new sheriff in town comes in with a blaze of glory, and the one thing David hates the most is employees who don’t take him seriously. 
Even if it’s an old employee like Linda, as long as they dare to challenge his authority, he absolutely cannot tolerate it. 
"Since she wants to quit, then let her. I don’t believe that losing just an agent will have any impact on Galaxy Agency. Knowing that you are my woman and still treating you this way is way too arrogant." 
"If it were other artists, who knows how crazy she would be." 
"Galaxy Agency doesn’t need such arrogant and self-important people." 
As expected, David’s face darkened, and he immediately called Galaxy Agency’s Human Resources Department, instructing them to notify Linda to go through the resignation procedures. 
Upon receiving his notification, the manager at the Human Resources Department was very surprised, thinking they had heard wrong, and asked again for confirmation.
The reaction from Human Resources Department made David even more annoyed. 
It further solidified his intent to dismiss Linda. 
"You heard it right, I’m talking about Linda Tame. Notify her immediately to come back to the company and go through the resignation procedures. Also, tell her not to come and look for me again, this is my decision." 
Annie, who was leaning against his chest, showed a satisfied and relieved smile on her face. 
David hung up the phone and hugged her as they both sat down at the side. 
He looked at the scratches on Annie’s body and then anxiously glanced at her lower abdomen: "Annie, do you have any discomfort anywhere?" 
Annie shook her head: "I’m fine, David, you don’t have to worry about me." 
"Does your stomach feel uncomfortable?" When David rushed over earlier, he had spoken to a police officer to understand the situation. 
The police officer said that Annie was fighting fiercely with the other actress at the time, and the two of them were rolling on the ground, grappling with each other. People tried to pull them apart, but they couldn’t.
###Chapter 350: Chapter 352 If Annie Lawrence deceived him...
This was a far cry from what he’d imagined would happen. 
Annie Lawrence was less than three months pregnant, the time when the fetus is most unstable and most easily harmed. 
If what the police officer said was true, and she had really been fighting so fiercely, it would have been very dangerous. 
The child in her belly could easily be miscarried. 
David Benington had just been busy comforting her and dealing with Linda, and hadn’t had time to think about this issue. 
Now, looking at her pretending as if nothing had happened, he couldn’t help but feel a touch of doubt. 
"Are you really okay?" He squinted his eyes, looking at Annie with a complex gaze, "Are you sure you don’t need to go to the hospital for a check-up?" 
Annie’s heart "thumped" inside her chest. 
She looked up only to meet David’s probing and suspicious eyes. Her heart "thumped" again. She realized that he was doubting that there might be something wrong with the baby in her belly. 
She stiffened, feeling a sudden chill in her hands and feet under his gaze. 
After a long silence, an awkward smile crept upon her face; she averted her gaze from David and said, "I ... I should be fine. I’ve been protecting my belly, taking good care of the baby. Moreover, I believe our baby is very strong, not as fragile as you think". 
"Really?" 
Seeing her evasive gaze and her unnatural expression, David was filled with more and more doubts... 
Every time he and Annie had been together, he had always used protection. 
Only that once, when Annie had seduced him by the bay window at his home, he hadn’t had time to grab a condom. 
But that day was Annie’s safe period. 
Moreover, when it came down to it, he had not finished inside her. 
From this standpoint, the likelihood of Annie being pregnant was very small. 
But it wasn’t completely impossible either. 
That’s why, when Annie said she was pregnant with their baby, he had never doubted her. 
Of course, Annie later showed him the pregnancy test report, which indeed confirmed she was pregnant. 
But at this moment, David suddenly had doubts. 
Annie’s pregnancy occurred too conveniently. 
It wasn’t long after he had started discussing marriage with Joanna Lawrence that she got pregnant. 
Then, Joanna found out about their affair. 
And then, he broke up with Joanna and got together with Annie because of the baby. 
As his thoughts veered towards a certain possibility, David’s face darkened. 
"David, what... what’s wrong?" Annie glanced at him nervously, her heart filled with apprehension. 
Had David... found something out? 
David looked at her with somber eyes for a while. He slowly raised a corner of his mouth, patted her head as if everything was back to normal: "Nothing. I just feel we really should go to the hospital for a check-up to put my mind at ease. 
"Otherwise, I’ll be worried about you." 
Thinking about it, the pregnancy had always been Annie’s claim. 
She had indeed shown him one pregnancy report. 
And he had believed her without question. 
He had no idea why he had been so easily convinced by her before. 
Now that he had doubts, David figured he could use this opportunity to take Annie to the hospital for a check-up. 
If Annie had been lying to him... 
His hanging hand slowly clenched into a fist, a flicker of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. 
Annie seemed to guess that David was doubting her. He was planning to take her to the hospital for a check-up to confirm whether she was really pregnant. 
If that’s the case, she had nothing to fear.
###Chapter 351: Chapter 353 Ashton Heath... Have you returned?
She had connections in the hospital, so getting a pregnancy examination report wouldn’t be difficult at all. 
Since David wanted her to undergo a checkup, she’d go along with it. 
As long as the examination report came out, he would naturally stop doubting her. 
It was a good opportunity for her to prove herself. 
Thinking it through, Annie immediately nodded briskly, with an obedient look and gentle tone, saying, "Alright, I’ll listen to David. Shall we go to the hospital for the checkup now?" 
David was taken aback. 
Annie’s quick agreement suddenly made him doubt the idea he had just come up with. 
Was he overthinking things? 
But now that he had doubts in his heart, whether or not he was overthinking it, he had to take Annie to the hospital for a checkup.
If he had misunderstood, he could just buy her a gift as an apology. 
Soon, the two left the police station through another door under the protection of the officers, avoiding a group of reporters who were waiting at the main entrance. 
* 
After finishing his social engagement, Ashton Heath drove home right away. 
Upon arriving at the Hillside Villa, Mr. Rowan came out to greet him. 
"Is Ms. Joanna awake yet?" Ashton took off his coat and tie and handed them to Mr. Rowan. 
Mr. Rowan took them and respectfully replied, taking small steps behind him, "Ms. Joanna hasn’t come downstairs yet; I think she’s still asleep." 
Knowing that Joanna had painful periods, Ashton couldn’t help but worry about her. 
He feared she had stayed in her room due to feeling unwell. 
He walked quickly and urgently upstairs, pushing open the door into the bedroom to find the delicate figure lying motionless on the bed, maintaining the same position she had before he’d left, still sound asleep. 
Ashton couldn’t help but lighten his pace. 
Slowly, he walked to the bedside, gently tugging at the thin blanket. 
Joanna had covered her head while sleeping. 
Ashton pulled away the blanket from her face, revealing a pretty, delicate face. 
While asleep, the young girl lying on the large bed had a fair complexion with a faint blush, her rosy white skin as tender as a baby’s. 
Just looking at her made it seem like she’d be nice to touch. 
Ashton couldn’t help but gently stroke her cheek with his hand, feeling a silky smooth sensation beneath his palm. 
He couldn’t bear to release her velvety, soft skin. 
Joanna’s skin was tender and smooth all over, with a top-notch touch. 
Especially in the summer, when touched, it felt icy cold and extremely comfortable. 
Moreover, her entire body was soft, like it had no bones - such a physique could be considered peak among top-notch. 
Even with his strong self-control, he still couldn’t resist making love to her many times that night. 
Thinking of that passionate night, Ashton’s eyes couldn’t help but darken. 
When Joanna opened her eyes, she saw a pair of deep, burning orbs in her drowsy state. 
She hesitated for a few seconds before speaking still in a somewhat dazed voice, "Ashton... are you back?" 
Seeing her awake, Ashton scooped her up, blanket and all, and cradled her in his arms like a cocooned baby. 
Lowering his head, he placed a gentle kiss on her soft lips, murmuring, "Yes, I’m back." 
Joanna turned her head and glanced at the wall clock, saying with some surprise, "Your social engagement finished so early." 
It was only five o’clock now. 
She’d assumed that Ashton would return no earlier than seven or eight o’clock.
###Chapter 352: Chapter 354: Husband’s Performance Good or Not
Shouldn’t we have dinner outside for the socializing? 
Ashton Heath nibbled on her soft and sweet lips, his voice deep, "Mmm, I promised you I’d be home before you woke up, and I’ll keep my word. Baby, have I been a good husband? How about a little reward for me?" 
The man’s voice was already magnetic, and when he deliberately lowered it with a seductive tone, it was extremely sexy and provocative. 
His hot, wet lips kept kissing hers. 
Joanna was so teased that she softened in his arms, her whole body tingling. 
It felt like her ears were pregnant. 
She was dizzy from the man’s skilled kissing, panting, "Wha, what reward?" 
When Joanna was sleeping, she felt too hot and pulled at her sleepwear in her sleep. 
She had torn open several buttons on her sleepwear but didn’t realize it herself. 
Now, as she lay in Ashton’s arms, he could see her blindingly white skin, just by lowering his head. 
Just like creamy jade, people couldn’t take their eyes off it. 
Ashton looked at her with darkened eyes and heat in his gaze, grabbing one of her small hands and guiding it to a certain place, his voice hoarse, "I’ve been holding it in all day, it’s so uncomfortable. Baby, can you help me out?" 
Feeling the scorching heat under her palm, Joanna’s heart raced like a drum, wanting to move her hand away as if she’d been electrocuted. 
But Ashton wouldn’t let her do that. 
The man commandeered her fleeing hand, moving his searing lips to her ear, coaxing in a husky voice, "Just once. You can’t bear to see me suffer." 
Joanna almost cried out, "But my hand will be sore..." 
"It won’t," the man continued to coax softly, "I’ll try to make it quick." 
Joanna’s little face creased into a ball, full of reluctance. 
He’s a liar. 
Last time, he said the same thing. 
The result was... her hand was sore for days. 
As for his notion of speeding up... at least it takes half an hour. 
"Baby, just once, hmm?" Ashton moved the hair from her ear, pressing his burning lips to her tender earlobe. "Help me out once, and I’ll give you a surprise. How about it?" 
"Wha, what surprise..." Joanna couldn’t help but tremble. 
Being kissed in her most sensitive spots, her body had already melted into his arms, limp and powerless. 
Ashton’s voice gradually became huskier, "Baby, help me first..." 
* 
In the end, under Ashton’s various enticements, Joanna reluctantly used her hand to help him. 
An hour later. 
He changed into a bathrobe, carrying Joanna out of the bathroom. 
Joanna’s face flushed as she buried her head in his chest, thinking of the scene just now that made her blush, her face couldn’t help but flush again. 
The man’s deep, hoarse gasps... 
And the sexy moans he made when he reached his climax were all deadly temptations. 
Every time she thought about it, Joanna’s heartbeat would quicken. 
Moreover, when she was helping him just now, watching his sexy, provocative demeanor, she had actually felt the urge to kiss him. 
Thinking about this, Joanna’s face grew even hotter. 
Why did she feel like she’d changed? 
No, no, no, she wouldn’t admit she’d changed. 
It was all Ashton’s fault. 
Who asked him to deliberately put on such a tempting, provocative air? 
He was so handsome, with such a good figure, and in that situation, any normal woman would feel the same way she did, having some thoughts about him, right?
###Chapter 353: Chapter 355: Ashton Heath, You’re Shameless
So, her reaction just now was normal. 
Any woman would turn into a female pervert at that moment. 
You can’t blame her. 
The man’s attitude after being satisfied is particularly good, holding Joanna Lawrence, like a treasure, in his arms, and looking down at the girl curled up in his arms, not daring to raise her head to look at him, his sexy thin lips curled up in pleasure. 
He opened his mouth, his voice husky and darkly sexy, "Baby, there’s nothing to be shy about. We’re husband and wife, everything we do is normal. I like you, that’s why I allowed you to do that." 
"If you want, I can do the same for you." 
"I don’t want that!" 
Joanna Lawrence lay in his arms, her voice muffled, "You lied to me, I’ll never trust you again." 
He promised it wouldn’t take long, but... this time it took even longer than last time. 
He’s such a liar. 
A low, sexy laughter came from above her head. 
Ashton Heath looked at her still flushed face, tender and pink like a ripe peach, irresistible and making people want to take a bite. He lifted her up and gently placed her on the bed, leaning down to kiss her cheek. 
Deep, dark eyes filled with tender affection, "I didn’t want to lie to you either, I wanted it to be faster too. But ’it’ wouldn’t listen to me, and there’s nothing I can do about it. So, why don’t you talk to ’it’, tell ’it’ to be a little more well-behaved next time, and not to be so willful." 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head, her curious, black and moist eyes blinked, "Who is ’it’?" 
The smile on the corner of Ashton Heath’s lips became ambiguous, "You just played with ’it’ for so long, and you don’t recognize it?" 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned for a few seconds, looking into his teasing dark eyes and suddenly realized. 
In an instant, her face was covered in a layer of blush. 
Feeling embarrassed and annoyed, she glared at the man in front of her, "Ashton Heath, you, you hooligan!" 
The man calmly admitted, "Yes, I’m a hooligan. Baby, I’ve never wanted to be a gentleman in front of you." 
He only wanted to be a hooligan with her. 
Joanna Lawrence, "..." 
Her hand was now sore, even just moving her fingers hurt. Looking at the culprit in front of her, she was angry and cursed, "Ashton Heath, you have no shame." 
"Yes, I have no shame." The man nodded, agreeing. 
What’s the point of having shame in front of one’s wife? 
If he cared about shame, could he have enjoyed those benefits just now? 
In Ashton Heath’s view, whether to have shame or not depends on the person. 
Having shame with his wife is an idiotic behavior. 
Joanna Lawrence, "..." 
After Ashton Heath heartily admitted that he was a hooligan and had no shame, she found out that she seemed to have no way to deal with him anymore. 
Scold him, and he won’t care at all.
Not only did he not care, the corner of his lips still hooked a charming and enchanting smile, shamelessly releasing charm towards her, "Baby, a man being too fast isn’t necessarily a good thing. You think it’s not good now because you haven’t yet discovered the benefits of endurance. Later on, you’ll understand that lasting longer is better." 
"At that time, if I really am too fast, you’ll blame me." 
That night was her first time. 
And it happened when she was drunk. 
She didn’t even remember him, let alone what it felt like when they were entwined that night. 
No wonder she complained that he wasn’t fast enough. 
In that aspect, she only had that one night of experience, and naturally, there were many things she didn’t understand.
###Chapter 354: Chapter 356 She doesn’t understand a single word!
She has connections at the hospital. Acquiring a pregnancy test report wouldn’t pose any difficulty. 
If David wants her to get tested, then she will willingly oblige. 
Once the test results come out, he naturally wouldn’t have grounds to doubt her anymore. 
Actually, this could serve as a prime opportunity to prove herself. 
With that in mind, Annie quickly agreed with a nod, looking obedient and compliant. In a soft, tender voice, she said, "Alright, I’ll listen to you, David. Shall we go to the hospital now?" 
David gave her a puzzled look. 
Annie had agreed so readily that it made him feel unsure about the doubts he had just been harboring. 
Could he be overthinking? 
Regardless, since the seed of doubt was planted already, whether it was out of paranoia or not, he had to take Annie to the hospital for a check-up. 
If he happened to have been mistaken, he could always make up for it by buying her a gift as an apology. 
Soon, both of them, under the protection of the police, left the police station through another exit and were able to avoid the reporters that had been waiting at the main entrance. 
* 
As soon as Ashton Heath finished his business meeting, he drove back home. 
Upon arrival at Hillside Villa, Mr. Rowan came out to greet him. 
"Has Ms. Joanna woken from her sleep?" Ashton asked as he took off his coat and loosened his necktie, handing them to Mr. Rowan. 
Mr. Rowan received them and followed behind him, respectfully responding, "Ms. Joanna has not come downstairs yet, she should still be asleep." 
Knowing Joanna had painful menstrual cramps, Ashton couldn’t rest easy. 
He feared she must be unwell, that’s why she had been in her room all day. 
He quickly climbed the stairs, walked fast and anxiously. Upon entering his bedroom, he saw the petite figure on the bed, unmoved and in a deep sleep, exactly as when he had left. 
Ashton quietened his steps. 
He slowly approached the bed and gently pulled on the thin blanket. 
Joanna was fully covered under it, even her head. 
Ashton pulled back the blanket from her face, revealing her beautiful, soft, petite face. 
In her deep sleep, the young girl’s fair skin glowed a faint pink, like a newborn baby. 
Joanna’s eyes fluttered open and through her drowsy gaze, she saw a familiar pair of deep eyes. 
She was startled for a few seconds, her voice sounded a little groggy, "Ashton... You’re back?" 
Seeing her awake, Ashton pulled her into his arms, blanket and all, holding her as if she were a cherished treasure. 
Lowering his head, he softly said, "Yes, I’m back." 
Joanna turned her head to glance at the wall clock, somewhat surprised. "You’re done with the business meal so soon?" 
It was only now five o’clock. 
She had thought that Ashton would only be back by seven or eight. 
Usually, was it not customary to have dinner during such business meals? 
"Yes, I promised you that I’d be back home before you woke up, and I kept my word. Baby, don’t I deserve a reward for my good behavior?" 
* 
An hour later. 
Ashton, having changed into a bathrobe, carried Joanna out of the bathroom. 
Like a man carrying a precious treasure, he watched as the young girl shrunk herself into a ball within his arms, not daring to lift her eyes and meet his gaze. His thin lips curved up in delight. 
Seeing Joanna blushing so much that she wished she could curl up into a ball and deny him even a glance, Ashton’s throat emitted a pleased chuckle. His eyes softened, "Baby, do you plan to keep your face covered?" 
"Open your eyes and look at me, okay?" 
However, Joanna continued to bury her head, refusing to look at him like a frightened quail. 
Whenever she thought about what just happened... 
She would blush bashfully! 
Ashton’s lips still wore a smile, and his eyes affectionately rested on her. He walked to the bed and gently set her down. 
Holding her in his arms, he gently asked, "Baby, are you hungry? Anything you want to eat, I will accompany you." 
"Let’s go out and eat tonight, this was decided to celebrate Jeremy’s discharge from the hospital, right? We got delayed yesterday, so let’s make up for it today." 
Upon hearing him mention Jeremy, Joanna finally lifted her red face. 
She blinked her eyes and then slightly furrowed her brows, "Are you saying you want Jeremy to dine with us?" 
"Mm, is that an issue?"
###Chapter 355: Chapter 357: Bare-Naked Seduction!
"There’s no problem. It’s just that Jeremy is in a bad mood, will he be willing to go out with us? I don’t know how he is now." 
"That’s why we should go out for a walk since he’s in a bad mood." 
After entering the locker room, Ashton Heath carried her to a single sofa and gently put her down. 
He turned around and walked to the wardrobe, taking out a set of shirt and trousers. 
Joanna raised her head to look, and seeing that the shirt and trousers in his hand were all black, she couldn’t help but say, "Are all the clothes and pants in your wardrobe black? Don’t you have any other colors?" 
Ashton Heath really liked wearing black shirts and trousers. 
Joanna had just glanced into his wardrobe and a majority of the clothes were black. 
Although she thought he looked nice in a black shirt and black pants, appearing restrained yet sexy, wouldn’t wearing the same thing every day be a bit too dull and monotonous? 
The clothes Ashton Heath took out were for him to wear when going out. 
As soon as he took them out of the wardrobe and heard Joanna’s comment, he pondered for a few seconds and put the clothes back into the wardrobe. 
He then picked up a white shirt and black pants instead. 
"How about this?" He turned around and asked Joanna while holding the clothes. 
Joanna: "..." 
She thought... it was more or less the same. 
She realized that the colors of his clothes were especially monotonous, seeming to only consist of black and white. 
Just like the decoration in his bedroom, at first glance, there were only three colors: black, white, and gray. 
She was about to say that it didn’t make much of a difference, but looking into his eyes that seemed to carry a slight expectation, she changed her answer, "It’s quite good." 
"Alright, let’s go with this." 
With her approval, Ashton Heath untied his bathrobe and put on the fine white shirt. 
Once the bathrobe was untied, his robust, well-proportioned body was exposed. The man had excellent body proportions, long and powerful limbs, and muscles on his waist and abdomen that looked strong. The sexy mermaid line extended further down to a very imaginative area. 
Beneath the tight black bullet-shaped underwear, that particular area was especially eye-catching. 
Joanna only took one glance and her heart raced, her face flushed. 
She knew very well how terrifying Ashton Heath was down there. 
When she helped him with her hand, she couldn’t even close her grip around it... 
This wasn’t her first time seeing Ashton Heath undressed. 
However, each time she saw him, she felt her heart race, her face flush, and an alluring feeling. 
Even though, he hadn’t done anything. 
But just by showing off such a masculine, sexy body filled with hormones, if that wasn’t tempting, what was it called? 
This was straight-up temptation! 
"Ashton Heath, what are you doing?" She turned her blushing face away, her eyes darting around, and said with a bit of embarrassment, "You’re changing your clothes without saying a word." 
Although they were already husband and wife and had had some intimate moments, she still couldn’t calmly face him undressing in front of her. 
The key was, this man’s physique was too good, too sexy. 
Joanna felt that his actions were deliberately enticing her. 
Just now, she almost couldn’t control herself, and even had the thought of going over to touch his chest and abs. 
When that thought emerged, she felt she was being quite lustful. 
Ashton Heath was buttoning up his shirt, his chest half exposed, revealing his muscles, which made him look even more sexy and alluring.
###Chapter 356: Chapter 358: Immediately go and buy some clothes; I want to wear them.
"There’s no problem. Just that Jeremy is in a bad mood, would he be willing to go out with us? I don’t know how he is now." 
"It’s precisely because he’s in a bad mood that we need to go out and take a walk." 
After entering the locker room, Ashton Heath held her and walked to a single-person sofa and gently placed her on it. 
He turned and walked to the wardrobe, taking out a set of black shirt and trousers. 
Joanna raised her head and couldn’t help but say, "Are all your clothes and pants in the closet black? Don’t you have any other colors?" 
Ashton Heath quite liked wearing black shirts with trousers. 
Joanna glanced at his closet earlier, and most of it was indeed black. 
Although she also felt that he looked good in a black shirt and trousers, wouldn’t it be too dull and monotonous to wear the same thing every day? 
Ashton had taken out this outfit to change into before going out. 
He had just taken it out when he heard Joanna’s comment. After pondering it for a few seconds, he put the clothes back in their original place. 
Then he took out a white shirt and black trousers. 
"What about this?" He turned around, holding the clothes in his hand, and asked Joanna. 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt... that they were pretty much the same. 
She noticed that his clothes were particularly monochrome, seemingly having only black and white colors. 
Just like his bedroom decor, black, white, and gray were the only colors in sight. 
She originally wanted to say that it wasn’t much different, but looking at the pair of eyes waiting for her comments with faint expectation, she changed her mind and said, "Pretty good." 
"Alright, then it’s this set."
Having received her approval, Ashton Heath took off his bathrobe and put on the high-quality white shirt. 
The man had excellent body proportions, with long and powerful limbs, broad shoulders, and narrow waist, and his long legs were particularly eye-catching. 
He was a natural clothes hanger, looking great in whatever he wore. 
Joanna couldn’t resist taking a peek at him from the corner of her eye. When her gaze fell on the alluring pectorals, her heartbeat sped up again. Looking up at his collarbone and Adam’s apple, her mouth suddenly felt dry. 
Ashton Heath looked slim and slender when dressed. 
But without clothes... 
Those long-term exercise-trained muscles were really amazing. 
Just the kind Joanna liked most. 
She had never been a big fan of overly exaggerated muscles in men. Too much muscle scared her. 
On the other hand, Ashton Heath had just the right amount of muscle – not too much, not too little. 
Especially his waist and abdomen. They looked very powerful. 
Ashton Heath lowered his head and saw his wife’s wide, shiny eyes staring at his waist, her pale little face flushed. 
He walked over, caught one of her small hands, and placed it on his abs. With a smile at the corner of his mouth, he whispered, "If you want to touch, just touch. He’s your husband; you can touch however you want." 
As Joanna stared at Ashton Heath’s body, her heart racing, her palm suddenly touched a patch of heat. She looked up into Ashton Heath’s deep black eyes, full of teasing and ambiguity, and hurriedly pulled her hand away. 
She jumped down from the sofa: "You change first, I’ll come back in when you’re done." 
With that, she covered her flaming face and ran out of the locker room. 
Ashton Heath’s hand rested on the shirt button, watching the girl’s somewhat flustered figure run away, his sexy thin lips hooking up slowly. 
* 
After changing, he came out of the locker room and couldn’t find Joanna. 
He went to the bathroom to check but still didn’t find her. 
Not only was she gone, but her phone was missing too. 
Ashton Heath thought for a moment, took out his phone, and sent her a text message: Where are you? 
Did she get scared and hide just because he changed clothes? 
However, Joanna replied quickly: I went to check on Jeremy. We have plenty of time, so let’s go out a bit later. 
It turned out she had gone to see Jeremy Lawrence. 
Ashton Heath lifted the corner of his mouth and replied: Okay, no rush. You have a good chat with him, and if there’s anything you need my help with, just ask. 
After sending the message, he walked out of the bedroom and called Mr. Rowan over. 
"Mr. Ashton, do you have any orders?" Mr. Rowan asked, standing respectfully in front of him. 
Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds, speaking indifferently, "Go and buy some clothes for me to wear." 
Rowan: "" 
He looked up with puzzled eyes, "Mr. Ashton, your clothes are custom-made each month. If you need new ones, I’m afraid buying them right away won’t be possible." 
All of Ashton Heath’s clothing was custom-made by a dedicated Image Management Department. 
Hand-cut entirely. 
That’s why his clothes needed to be custom-made one month in advance, not the kind you could buy off-the-rack in a store. 
Rowan was in charge of managing Heath’s clothing and other personal matters. 
This was the first time Heath had made such a request since he took charge of these affairs. 
In his memory, Mr. Ashton seldom cared about such trivial matters. 
Why would he suddenly want to buy clothes? 
And why right away? 
His closet was full of clothes. Wasn’t that enough? 
Hearing this, Ashton Heath frowned slightly, seemingly dissatisfied. "Is that so?" 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton," Rowan replied. "However, if you’re really in a hurry, I can have someone go to a high-end mall and buy some brand-name clothing for you."
###Chapter 357: Chapter 359: Stop Buying Black Clothes
Although the quality and craftsmanship may not be as good as custom-made garments made by your professional team, it can still solve an urgent problem for now." 
After saying that, Mr. Rowan looked at him and asked softly, "Mr. Ashton, what do you think?" 
Ashton Heath didn’t know that buying clothes could be so troublesome. 
He couldn’t even buy them right away. 
He frowned in silence for a moment before saying, "Then let’s go to the mall and buy some for now." 
Although Mr. Rowan was very curious, and wanted to know what his employer was so anxious to buy new clothes for, he still responded respectfully: "Yes, Mr. Ashton, I’ll arrange for someone to buy them immediately." 
Ashton Heath added: "Don’t buy black clothes anymore." 
Mr. Rowan: "?" 
He hesitated and asked doubtfully, "Sir, didn’t you always like wearing black clothes? Are the clothes for Mr. Jeremy?" 
Mr. Rowan thought that must be the reason. 
Mr. Ashton didn’t lack clothes, so why was he suddenly rushing to buy them? 
Moreover, he specifically instructed not to buy black clothes, which meant they certainly weren’t for himself. 
Mr. Ashton in their house really liked black clothes. 
Ashton Heath glanced at him and said, "I will wear them myself." 
Mr. Rowan: "..." 
It turned out that Mr. Ashton really wanted the clothes for himself. 
After a moment of surprise and bewilderment, Mr. Rowan carefully asked, "Sir, does that mean any color other than black is acceptable?" 
Ashton Heath pondered for a moment: "Yes, buy a variety of colors other than black." 
He didn’t know which color Joanna liked him to wear, so he decided to buy a few of each color. 
With so many colors to choose from, there must be one she liked. 
Although Mr. Rowan didn’t know why his employer suddenly had a whim to buy clothes, he thought Mr. Ashton might be tired of wearing black and wanted to change his style occasionally. 
Mr. Rowan also thought it was time for Mr. Ashton to change his style. 
Though Mr. Ashton had a handsome face and everything looked good on him, wearing black year-round was a bit dull. 
Mr. Ashton was still young, just 25 years old. 
He should try clothes that suit his age. 
Especially now that Mr. Ashton has brought home Ms. Joanna, who is as delicate as a flower. If he dressed too maturely and stably, he would seem much older than her when walking together. 
Upon thinking of this, Mr. Rowan had a sudden revelation in his head. 
Could it be that Mr. Ashton truly wanted to change his clothing style for this reason? 
Did he feel that his current image made him look much older than Ms. Joanna? 
Right, it must be so. 
* 
Joanna knocked on Jeremy’s bedroom door and saw him still looking listless. 
"Joanna." 
He opened the door, called out to her, and then languidly walked back in. 
Joanna followed him into the bedroom and closed the door behind her. 
Jeremy walked to the window and stood silently, as if lost in thought staring at something outside the window. 
However, his gaze was unfocused. 
"Jeremy, have you come to terms with your feelings? Are you ready to tell me about you and Regina Kelloway now?" 
Upon hearing Regina Kelloway’s name, Jeremy’s eyes flickered, and his lips tightened. 
"Of course, if you don’t want to talk about it, then don’t." Joanna walked over to him and also looked outside the window. "Actually, this is your private matter, and I shouldn’t interfere. But I’m worried about you like this." 
"Jeremy, you just got discharged from the hospital. I hope you can take care of your health.
###Chapter 358: Chapter 360: She shouldn’t bother me again in the future
"The doctor said that staying happy and joyful is beneficial for your body, so I hope you can always be carefree and not have too many troubles," Joanna said. 
Jeremy was taken aback and withdrew his gaze. 
He turned his head and looked at the sister on whom he depended for everything. His heart suddenly felt sour, and his eyes reddened instantly. Choking back tears, he said, "Joanna, I didn’t mean to hide it from you. I just thought I could handle it by myself, so there was no need to tell you." 
"Rebecca Kelloway and I..." The image of her tear-streaked face floated in his mind, and Jeremy felt a slight stabbing in his heart, "She’s my classmate and sits at my desk. She said she likes me, wants to chase after me, and wants me to be her boyfriend." 
"I’ve rejected her many times." 
"She said today was her birthday, and many of our classmates would go to that restaurant to celebrate with her. So, I went too." 
Joanna nodded, understanding the situation. 
So, it wasn’t Jeremy inviting Regina alone, but he was deceived by her to go. 
"Joanna, don’t worry. I won’t have a puppy-love relationship." Jeremy finished speaking, took a deep breath, looked up at Joanna’s worried and caring eyes, and squeezed out a smile from the corner of his lips. "I’ve made it clear to her today, and she shouldn’t bother me anymore in the future." 
"I’ll study hard and get into a good university. All these things won’t affect me." 
Joanna looked at his forced smile, feeling heartbroken. 
How could she not understand her own brother? 
Jeremy might not have liked Regina at first. 
But it’s easy for a girl’s pursuit of a boy to break through the defenses, and Regina was such a charming and cute girl who pursued him tirelessly for several years. It was difficult for Jeremy to maintain his initial mindset and not become infatuated with her. 
If he didn’t care about her at all, he wouldn’t be in this state now. 
Joanna wanted to say a few comforting words to him but didn’t know what to say.
She noticed some things, but she couldn’t ask about them directly. 
For her, this outcome was good. 
From the attitude of Rebecca Kelloway toward Jeremy, she could see the heavy emphasis on family status in the Kelloway family. 
Now, the Lawrence family is definitely looked down upon by the Kelloway family. 
Even if Regina really liked Jeremy, it wouldn’t mean anything. 
Even if they both went to college, their paths would probably diverge from coast to coast. Would the Kelloways, with their heavy emphasis on family status, allow Regina and Jeremy to be together? 
When she thought of Rebecca’s contemptuous words, Joanna felt very angry. 
If it wasn’t for Ashton being there, she wouldn’t have let Rebecca leave so easily. 
Ashton had already had a falling-out with Frank Parker because of her, and she didn’t want to cause him too much trouble. 
Now, Jeremy had thoroughly rejected Regina, and judging from her reaction, she should have given up on him. 
This outcome was better for both of them. 
Even if the two young people would be sad for a while because of this, it’s better than the pain they would have experienced if they really got together. 
"Hmm, Joanna believes in you. It’s good that you can think it through," Joanna remained silent for a while before gently placing a hand on his shoulder, then spoke earnestly, "Jeremy, the most important thing for me now is to have your surgery done as soon as possible so that you can recover quickly." 
"This is more important than anything else." 
Thinking of his illness, Jeremy’s eyes darkened. 
Regina must not know about his illness, right? 
If she knew he had a heart condition that could cause his death at any moment, would she still like him?
###Chapter 359: Chapter 361: Heart Disease Can Be Cured
It probably won’t happen. 
Who would like a sick person? 
He doesn’t even have a healthy body now, so what right does he have to think about things he shouldn’t be thinking about? 
"Joanna, can my illness really be cured?" Jeremy’s dark eyes showed no brightness and were full of self-doubt. "When I was in junior high school, I had a classmate who had the same disease as me. He had surgery and went through many treatments. But...he still died." 
"Sis." 
Jeremy looked up, his clear black eyes covered with a layer of mist, his young voice choked with emotion, "Will I also... But...I don’t want to leave you." 
"Jeremy, don’t talk nonsense." Joanna frowned, hugged the thin body of the young boy, gently stroked his finely cut short hair, and her voice was also choked with emotion, "Heart disease can be cured. You certainly won’t end up like your classmate." 
"Your brother-in-law is an expert in the field, very impressive. He says that as long as you have surgery, your illness will be cured. After that, you’ll be just like a normal person. You have to believe in him, okay?" 
"Not all heart diseases are untreatable. Our disease can be cured. We just need to cooperate well with the doctor’s treatment, and we’ll definitely get better. In a while, I’ll ask your brother-in-law when you can have surgery. We’ll get the surgery done as soon as possible." 
Joanna wasn’t very confident about what she said. 
Heart disease can indeed be cured, but indeed... 
In Jeremy’s case, the chances of recovery or failure are 50/50. 
But Joanna couldn’t say that. 
If she doesn’t show confidence, what will Jeremy do? 
"Jeremy, believe in your sister and your brother-in-law. You must also have confidence in yourself, and don’t think about nonsense things, okay?" 
She comforted him for a while, and Jeremy gradually calmed down. 
He felt embarrassed and pushed Joanna away, his face flushed, "Sis, I’m sorry, I’m worrying you again." 
Joanna pinched his handsome and fair face as she did when he was a child, "Since you know, you’re not allowed to think about it anymore." 
"Mm," Jeremy nodded. 
After a few seconds, he asked curiously, "Is Ashton a doctor? I thought he runs a company." 
"He used to be a doctor." Joanna didn’t know much about this, she learned it from Denver Lancaster, "He hasn’t practiced medicine for a few years and now runs his own business. But the dean said that Ashton is very good. As long as he does the surgery for you, the success rate will be 100%." 
"So, you just have to wait for your surgery with peace of mind, and don’t think about anything else, got it?" 
"Mm." After listening to her, Jeremy felt more confident and not as pessimistic as before. 
"Are you okay now?" Thinking that Ashton was still waiting for them, Joanna said, "Your brother-in-law wants to celebrate your discharge from the hospital, and we’re going out to dinner tonight. Do you want to go?" 
Jeremy had been in his room for the entire afternoon, and he had figured out many things. 
Although he still felt a little sad inside, it was not enough to immerse him in sadness all the time. 
He nodded and said, "Yeah, I’m fine now. Since Ashton is inviting me to dinner, of course, I’ll go." 
A smile spread across Joanna’s face, she pinched his other cheek, and said cheerfully, "Think about what you want to eat. I’ll go change my clothes, and then we’ll head out."
###Chapter 360: Chapter 362 Almost Identical in Appearance
"Okay." 
After saying that, Joanna Lawrence turned around and walked out. 
"Sis." 
As she reached the doorway, Jeremy Lawrence hesitated and called out to her. 
"Hmm? What else is there?" She stopped in her tracks, turning her head to look at Jeremy. 
Jeremy hesitated for a few seconds, then with a worried face said, "Is Regina Kelloway’s sister close with Ashton?" 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback: "Jeremy, why are you asking this all of a sudden?" 
She understood Jeremy; he wouldn’t bring up this topic for no reason, surely there was something he wanted to tell her. 
"Sis." Jeremy thought of Rebecca Kelloway, his face turning cold, "You should be cautious of her, I think... she doesn’t have good intentions with Ashton." 
Jeremy Lawrence himself has never been in a relationship, but being the popular guy in school, he’s seen the looks of countless girls who admire him, so he knows what a girl likes in a guy. 
Admiring gazes, he’s seen too many of them. 
He didn’t want Rebecca Kelloway to be another Annie Lawrence. 
To steal his brother-in-law. 
Although he thought his brother-in-law was decent and wouldn’t do such base things. 
But he also thought David Benington was decent. 
And look how that turned out... 
Joanna Lawrence looked at Jeremy’s serious face with surprise, then the corner of her mouth curved upward, she nodded and said, "Alright, I will." 
"Sis, I’m serious..." Jeremy was afraid that she wouldn’t take it seriously, and his tone became more serious as he emphasized, "She definitely likes Ashton, and knowing that you and Ashton are married, she must be jealous. You can’t be naive again, treating the enemy as a friend." 
Even though Jeremy didn’t like Rebecca Kelloway, he had to admit that she was very pretty. 
The kind of beauty most boys would like. 
Her face, her figure, her aura, even her dress sense was captivating. 
Compared to Annie Lawrence, she was a cut above. 
Though his sister was beautiful too, and in no way inferior to Rebecca Kelloway, cheating men sometimes do not only look at faces. 
Otherwise, how come so many men’s mistresses are uglier than their original partners? 
"Alright, alright, I got it." Joanna Lawrence also stopped smiling and said seriously, "I will be careful. Don’t worry, she and I cannot become friends. She’s on my dislike list now." 
She didn’t really dislike Rebecca Kelloway before, but neither did she like her. 
Even after the unpleasant talk Rebecca Kelloway had once had with her, she didn’t dislike her. 
That was until what happened today. 
After Rebecca Kelloway’s harsh words to Jeremy, Joanna Lawrence came to absolutely detest this woman. 
From now on, Rebecca Kelloway is her enemy! 
Bullying her brother, she would never tolerate that! 
* 
After everyone got ready, they all left. 
Before heading out, Ashton Heath stayed true to his promise and took Jeremy to his garage. 
The moment Jeremy stepped into the garage, he couldn’t contain his excitement. 
One moment he would reach out and touch one car, and the next moment he would reach out and touch another one. 
He was over the moon. 
Joanna was worried that his excess excitement might trigger a heart attack, so she kept a close watch on him. 
However, since she didn’t understand cars, she just stood by watching. 
Ashton Heath patiently took Jeremy around, introducing each car one by one. Ashton explaining diligently and Jeremy listening attentively, they looked like real brothers when walking side by side. 
Furthermore, Joanna noticed, Jeremy and Ashton bore a resemblance in their facial features. 
Their eyes, they looked almost identical.
###Chapter 361: Chapter 363: What kind of awesome character
At a glance, there were other facial features that resembled each other as well. 
It was just that Jeremy was a bit thinner, and his face didn’t look fleshy. Otherwise, if he had more flesh to fill out his face, they would probably look more alike. 
Seeing Ashton Heath patiently explaining the performance and structure of each car to Jeremy, without showing any impatience on his face, Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips, feeling warm and touched. 
When she married Ashton, she didn’t expect him to treat Jeremy extraordinarily well; she just hoped for normal treatment. 
But Ashton was genuinely good to him. 
He treated Jeremy much better than she had anticipated. 
He had said he would love her family as his own, and he’s been true to his word. 
No matter whether Ashton’s kindness towards Jeremy was sincere or not, Joanna felt both warmed and delighted by it. 
She felt that the husband she found was truly exceptional, and marrying Ashton Heath was a choice she wouldn’t regret. 
She was quite satisfied with her life at present. 
She thought that unless something like Ashton cheating, having one-night stands, or being violent happened in the future, she probably wouldn’t divorce him. 
Unless, he regretted it and wanted a divorce. 
* 
"Wow, Ashton, this car is so cool to drive! A good car really makes a difference." 
"When I first saw this car in a magazine, I thought it was so stylish and amazing. The real thing is a hundred times better than the pictures! Ashton, you’re incredible. This car is limited edition worldwide, and not everyone with money can get one, but you managed to get hold of one." 
"In the entire Australand, there may not be more than two people who have this car, right?" 
Jeremy was young, and his emotions came and went quickly. 
At this moment, his attention was fully absorbed by the limited edition Bugatti Veyron he was driving. Gone was his previous depression and defeat; his entire being was vibrant and his eyes were shining brightly. 
Driving his dream luxury car seemed like a dream come true. 
How could his brother-in-law be such an incredible person to get his hands on such an elusive car? 
Could this be a dream? 
"Jeremy, calm down." Joanna said nervously, her body tense. "Focus on driving, don’t get too excited." 
She didn’t know what Ashton was thinking. 
Actually letting Jeremy drive this car. 
Although Jeremy had a driver’s license, he hadn’t touched a car for a year since falling ill. 
Not to mention an expensive car like the Bugatti Veyron, which was something he’d never even come close to before. 
Even with her limited understanding of cars, Joanna knew that this car must have an astonishing price tag. 
Jeremy had just said that there were only two such cars in all of Australand? 
Wasn’t he worried about Jeremy damaging it with his poor driving skills? 
Joanna felt that Ashton was really spoiling Jeremy too much. 
"Joanna, don’t worry. This car is so precious that I wouldn’t dare not pay attention." Jeremy was also afraid of damaging the limited-edition Bugatti worth tens of millions of dollars, so he drove quite slowly. 
He drove the supercar as if it were a regular family car. 
Ashton looked at Joanna’s tense expression, turned his head, and comforted her with a smile: "Don’t worry, since I let him drive it, I’m not afraid of any scratches or bumps. The insurance is fully covered, so he won’t have to pay for any repairs." 
Joanna: "..." 
She glared at him: "That’s not what I meant. Also, just because you bought insurance doesn’t mean you can be careless. Insurance is expensive, you know? If you say things like that, what if Jeremy takes it lightly and actually scratches or bumps the car? "
###Chapter 362: Chapter 364: This is quite good, just what I wanted.
"I know." Ashton Heath chuckled, his eyes gentle. "Cars are meant for driving, and even the most expensive ones serve the same functions. If you have to worry about all these things while driving, wouldn’t it be tiring?" 
"Then you might as well not buy one." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
His reasoning was sound, and she couldn’t refute it. 
But as someone poor like her, she felt a heavy psychological burden driving such an expensive car. 
She thought Ashton shouldn’t pander to Jeremy Lawrence, and have him take this car out. 
A red light appeared ahead. 
Jeremy stopped the car and waited. After a while, he suddenly burst out laughing. 
"Jeremy, what are you laughing at?" Joanna asked curiously. 
"Joanna, take a look outside." Jeremy turned his head towards the window, laughing so hard that tears almost fell. "Those cars are so hilarious. With this car out, there’s no need to worry about being rear-ended." 
Joanna glanced curiously outside the window and couldn’t help but chuckle herself. 
No wonder Jeremy was laughing so hard. 
It was indeed quite amusing. 
Ashton Heath’s Bugatti Veyron was surrounded by cars with a distance of at least six or seven meters, ensuring absolute safety without rear-ending or collisions happening. It was as safe as it could be. 
All the other cars were packed together. 
His car stood out like a crane among chickens, with so much space around it. 
But nobody dared to park next to it. 
After watching for a while, Joanna turned her head back and looked at the handsome man next to her. "Being a pennyless commoner, life is really cautious. No matter where you park this car, no one dares to approach it. Ashton Heath, as the owner of this car, do you have any thoughts about this situation?" 
"Don’t you feel uneasy?" 
The man turned his head, his deep and beautiful features facing her. After a few seconds of silence, he replied, "No." 
"..." 
"I feel great." 
"..." 
"I don’t like congestion, so this is very good and exactly what I want." 
"..." 
This wicked rich man! 
* 
They had fondue for dinner. 
Jeremy and Joanna loved spicy food and often enjoyed traditional fondue and Spicy Cajun Crawfish. 
Jeremy hadn’t eaten fondue in a while since he was in the hospital. 
Joanna hadn’t had it for a long time either, so they decided on a traditional fondue restaurant with excellent taste. 
To avoid Ashton’s Bugatti Veyron being accidentally scratched outside, they found an underground parking lot in a nearby shopping mall, parked the car, and then walked to the Heart Fondue Restaurant. 
As the three of them walked side by side, they received countless admiring and appreciative looks. 
Ashton Heath and Jeremy Lawrence had extremely outstanding appearances that attracted attention wherever they went. 
Especially Ashton, who, at six feet tall, had a supermodel-like figure and looked like a cold, abstinent heartthrob in his shirt and trousers. 
Jeremy, on the other hand, resembled the popular sweet and innocent puppy type, very appealing to young girls. 
Joanna, at a height of 168 cm, had fair skin and beautiful long legs, and her exquisite features made her look like a fairy-tale maiden. 
But walking with Jeremy and Ashton, she appeared quite petite. 
However, this only made the group even more eye-catching. Two tall, handsome men with a petite and pretty girl between them created a lovely height difference.
###Chapter 363: Chapter 365: What kind of fairy-like beauty is this?
"Wow, that guy is so handsome. I’ve never seen a man wear a white shirt and black pants in such a simple yet stylish way." 
"Oh my gosh, his legs are so long! I can’t resist such long-legged handsome guys. Is he a newly debuted star? He’s really handsome." 
"I think that skinny, tall guy beside him is not too bad either. He looks so well-behaved, just like the cute puppy I like."
"The woman with them is also very pretty, with delicate features and great skin. Did you see, her skin is so white it’s glowing. I took a closer look when she came near, and she doesn’t even have pores on her face, her skin is so smooth it’s explosive!" 
"What kind of godly looks are these? Move aside, I want to take a clear set of pictures to enjoy later." 
"I just want to know, who is that woman?! How dare she hug those two super handsome guys from left to right!" 
Joanna Lawrence had no idea that she had become the "thorn in people’s eyes." 
With one hand holding Ashton Heath and the other holding Jeremy Lawrence, she was still enthusiastically discussing what dishes to order later. 
When they arrived at the Heart Fondue Restaurant, smelling the familiar butter aroma, she almost drooled with craving. 
"Later, I’m going to order three servings of Crispy Tripe Delight! I want to have enough to enjoy at once! I’m also going to order three servings of Beef Skewers, it’s so good! The duck blood here is also delicious, as well as the cilantro meatballs and special blue cheese. Ah, I just want to eat it right away!" 
Jeremy also swallowed his saliva, looking at his sister’s greedy expression, he whispered a reminder: "Joanna, be mindful of your image, Ashton is still here." 
Only then did Joanna remember she hadn’t asked Ashton Heath’s opinion. 
She was only discussing with Jeremy, and they had decided to come directly to this fondue restaurant. 
The man beside her hadn’t expressed any opinions from beginning to end, and Joanna didn’t even know if he liked fondue. 
"Um, Ashton, do you like fondue?" Joanna felt she should still consult his opinion. 
The man beside her lowered his head to glance at her: "Yes." 
"That’s great." Joanna couldn’t wait any longer: "Let’s go in quickly. There might not be any seats available later since it’s so crowded. This is the best and most authentic fondue restaurant I’ve ever had. You’ll definitely love it." 
Joanna was very confident in the food she shared. 
She had tried at least 20 to 30 different fondue restaurants before finding the one with the most authentic taste. 
When she brought Aria Rowlett here for the first time, Aria was amazed by its taste. 
From time to time, the aroma of butter mixed with chili and Sichuan pepper would waft from the fondue restaurant. For Joanna who loved fondue, it was a pleasant, mouth-watering smell. However, for Ashton who didn’t like spicy food, it was unbearable. 
But he looked at the girl beside him with her eager face. He pursed his lips and said nothing. 
If he said he didn’t like it, she would definitely be disappointed. 
* 
When they arrived at the restaurant, the lobby was already crowded, and the line for waiting customers had more than a hundred people. 
Jeremy looked at the situation and furrowed his brows, whispering to Joanna: "Sis, with so many people, we’ll have to wait a long time. How about we try another place?" 
Joanna also looked at the crowd and hesitated: "But other places just don’t taste as good as this one. We’ve already come this far, let’s just wait a bit longer? Maybe after a while, many tables will be done at the same time, and it will be our turn soon."
###Chapter 364: Chapter 366 Really Not Considering It?
Jeremy Lawrence fell silent. 
Although he also liked eating at this fondue restaurant, waiting one or two hours for a meal was more than he was willing to endure. 
But his sister liked it, so he had no choice. 
Off to the side, Ashton Heath, hearing the siblings’ conversation, thought for a moment, gently tousled Joanna Lawrence’s hair, and said to her in a warm voice, "You and Jeremy wait here for a bit. I’ll be right back." 
"Mhm." 
Joanna Lawrence thought he was going to use the restroom and obediently nodded. 
*
Ashton Heath located a private room and knocked lightly on the tightly closed door. 
Thinking it was the server bringing their dishes, a voice came from inside the room, "Come in." 
Ashton Heath pushed the door open and walked in. 
A large family of seven or eight people was seated around a large round table, enjoying their meal. 
They had only recently made it into the queue, the fondue base had just been brought out, and most of the dishes were yet to be served. 
Seeing a well-dressed, handsome young man enter, everyone at the table was taken aback. One of them looked at Ashton Heath carefully and asked hesitantly, "Sir, are you sure you’re in the right room?" 
This gentleman’s look, demeanor, and attire, it certainly wasn’t that of a waiter. 
Therefore, he must have entered the wrong room. 
Ashton Heath shook his head, addressing the group who were curious about him, "I’m sorry, but could I ask you to make room for me? Could you vacate this private room for me?" 
The entire family: "" 
Is this guy out of his mind? 
He actually demanded they vacate the private room. 
They had waited for almost an hour to get this private room. They hadn’t even started eating. Was he expecting them to give up their room out of insanity? 
"Sir, if you want to have fondue, then get in line. We queued and waited for our turn, and I’m sorry, but we can’t just give it up," the person said with a bit of a harsh tone, no longer acting as polite as before. 
Because they thought Ashton Heath’s request was nothing short of absurd. 
No need to be polite with such an eccentric man. 
Ashton Heath replied with a faint smile, "Of course, I wouldn’t expect you to vacate this room for nothing." 
"So it won’t be for nothing? "said a man who appeared to be easily irritated with a furrowed brow and anger in his eyes. He slammed his hand on the table, defiantly replying, "Sounding pretty grand there. Don’t tell me you think a bit of money would make us give up this room." 
"I’m sorry, we aren’t short on money. Kindly leave right now; you’re ruining our mood for dinner." 
"Right, where did this neurotic come from? So rude to make such a request during someone’s mealtime." 
"He looks alright, even quite handsome. But what’s wrong with his brain?" 
Ashton Heath remained unflustered in the face of their taunts. A slight smile playing on his lips, he slowly put his hands in his pockets, "My wife loves this fondue restaurant. There are too many people waiting in line outside, and I don’t want her to wait too long." 
"If you could give up this private room. One hundred thousand per person. Would you really not consider it?" 
* 
A few minutes later. 
Ashton Heath returned. 
And a restaurant server followed behind him. 
"Dear sir, miss, please come with me." With a trademark smile on her face, the server politely addressed them. 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated, "Huh? Where are we going?" 
The server flashed a smile and said, "This gentleman has reserved a private room. Please follow me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!" 
She raised her head, eyes wide open in disbelief, "You reserved a private room?"
###Chapter 365: Chapter 367: Might Have Recognized the Wrong Person
"Mm." Ashton Heath walked up to her, took her hand, a faint smile gracing his lips, "Let’s go." 
"Wait, Wait..." 
Joanna Lawrence let him lead her forward, sensing something not quite right, "But isn’t it not our turn yet? How can we get a private room?" 
Outside, there’s still a queue of over a hundred people. 
Even at the fastest, they would have to wait for an hour before it’s their turn. 
Of course, Ashton Heath wouldn’t tell Joanna Lawrence that he had purchased a private room for seven hundred thousand dollars. 
If she knew, she probably wouldn’t eat this fondue meal. 
"I have no idea." He raised an eyebrow, lying without changing his expression. "I just went and asked the boss if there was any further room available. She said yes and let the staff arrange it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "...." 
Is it that simple? 
When they headed to their private room, they had to pass the payment counter. She lifted her head and saw the Heart Fondue Restaurant’s Lady Boss accounting behind the counter. 
Joanna Lawrence glanced at the still radiant Lady Boss, then lifted her head to look at the man beside her. She instantly understood. 
Probably the Lady Boss gave them a private room because... he was handsome. 
So having a handsome husband has its advantages? 
They could even skip the queue at the Hotpot restaurant! 
Little did she know that just to let her eat her long-awaited fondue as soon as possible, the man beside her spent a total of seven hundred thousand dollars on a fondue meal that normally costs just over a hundred per person. 
The few men who thought Ashton Heath was crazy, who adamantly refused to give the private room, left happily after collecting the money. 
Before leaving, they praised Ashton Heath lavishly, saying he was one of the best husbands one could find in a century. 
* 
As the waiter led Joanna Lawrence into the private room, those men were just leaving. 
Seeing Ashton Heath holding hands with a young girl of a tall figure, delicate and fair skin, and pretty face as they walked in, a few of the men instantly understood why he was willing to spend several hundred thousand dollars on a hotpot meal. 
With a wife as beautiful as a fairy, who wouldn’t want to pamper and spoil her? 
They just weren’t in that position. 
If they were that rich and married such a beautiful wife, perhaps they would do the same. 
With money to spare, spending a bit to make a beautiful woman smile, what’s the big deal? 
As they passed by, a few men cheerfully said to Joanna Lawrence, "Miss, your husband is deeply in love with you. This kind of man, who is a rare gem of a husband, you must cherish. We wish you happiness." 
Having finished, they laughingly walked past her and left the private room. 
Joanna Lawrence’s face in a literal question mark replied, "" 
She asked Ashton Heath, "Do you know them?" 
Ashton Heath, with no change in expression, "No." 
He wasn’t lying. He had indeed no knowledge of those people. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...then those people?" 
"They might have mistaken us for someone else, let’s just ignore them." 
"Oh." 
* 
Eating fondue in the height of summer, Joanna Lawrence was sweating profusely, but found it especially enjoyable. 
She started piling food she found delicious into Ashton Heath’s bowl, "Try this, it’s really good." 
"And this baby squid, it tastes great too." 
"This spicy beef is extremely flavorful, give it a try." 
Ashton Heath silently watched her piling food into his bowl, hesitated for a bit, and then slowly stuffed it into his mouth. 
He chewed without any reaction on his face for a few moments before swallowing it down.
###Chapter 366: Chapter 368: Ashton Heath, what’s wrong with you?
Take a bite of food and drink half a glass of water. 
Joanna Lawrence was completely immersed in the delicious food and didn’t pay much attention to him. Occasionally, she would catch a glimpse of his empty bowl in the corner of her eye and serve him more food. 
The spicy food entered his stomach. 
He immediately felt a strong sense of discomfort. 
There was a burning sensation in his stomach, and his mouth and throat seemed to be on fire. 
Ashton Heath’s forehead broke out in a fine layer of cold sweat. He clenched his lips, enduring the discomfort in his stomach, and slowly finished the food Joanna served him. 
When Joanna tried to serve him more food, he took a deep breath and held her small hand. 
Because of eating too much spicy food, the man’s lips were much redder than usual and his face was slightly red. Despite his physical discomfort, he looked very well. 
One couldn’t tell at all that he was enduring pain at the moment. 
He suppressed the burning pain, his face showing no difference from usual. He opened his mouth, his voice slightly hoarse, "I’m full, no need to serve me more. You and Jeremy continue eating, I’ll go to the restroom." 
Joanna knew that he usually didn’t eat much, so she didn’t persuade him to continue eating. 
She nodded: "Okay." 
Ashton Heath stood up, pushed back his chair, and walked out. 
Jeremy Lawrence noticed that when he left, he had one hand pressed against his stomach and his brows furrowed as if he was feeling uncomfortable. 
As Ashton Heath walked out of the private room... 
Jeremy hesitated and looked at the woman sitting across from him, still eating Crispy Tripe Delight. "Joanna, aren’t you going to check on him?" 
"Hmm, check on what?" Joanna asked, picking up more cooked tripe with her fork. 
Jeremy was speechless. "Sister, your heart is really big." 
Even he had noticed that something was wrong with his brother-in-law, yet she hadn’t noticed at all? 
How did she manage to be a wife? 
She was completely unqualified. 
Watching her still devouring the tripe in the bowl, Jeremy sighed, "Ashton might not be feeling well. Joanna, stop eating and go check on him."
"Hmm? Your brother-in-law is not feeling well?" 
Finally, Joanna put down her fork. 
"Yes," Jeremy nodded, looking worried. "His complexion didn’t look right just now. I’m sure he didn’t want you to notice, so that’s why he left." 
No sooner had he finished speaking than Joanna stood up, pushed back her chair, and hurried after Ashton Heath. 
* 
When Joanna saw Ashton Heath, he had just entered the restroom. 
She hesitated, walked a few steps forward, and upon reaching the entrance of the men’s restroom, she heard the sound of someone vomiting. 
Worried, she didn’t think twice and rushed in. 
"Ashton Heath, what’s wrong with you?" 
She saw him vomiting by the toilet bowl. 
He had one hand on his stomach, his brows furrowed, looking very uncomfortable. 
His face turned pale after vomiting. 
There were still a few men using the restroom. 
Seeing a woman suddenly barge in, they were startled, letting out a cry, quickly pulling up their pants and zipping up. 
"Miss, this is the men’s restroom; did you go into the wrong one?" 
One of the men turned around after pulling up his pants and his eyes fell on Joanna Lawrence’s beautiful face. He was stunned for a moment and his face quickly flushed red. 
This young lady who walked into the wrong restroom was so beautiful. 
Her face was so small, her skin was so fair, her legs were so long, her features were so delicate... 
She was simply an angel-level beauty.
###Chapter 367: Chapter 369: Want to Kiss Her
The other two men were also startled, cursing as they pulled up their pants. After getting dressed and turning around to yell, they saw Joanna Lawrence and had the same reaction as the man with the red face, instantly amazed by her beauty. 
Then, their faces also turned red. 
"I’m sorry, I’m sorry." Joanna also felt embarrassed and quickly apologized, "I came in to find someone, sorry, I’ll leave right away." 
After she said that, she no longer paid attention to those men and quickly walked to Ashton Heath, squatting down beside him and gently patting his back, "Ashton, what’s wrong? Where do you feel uncomfortable?"" 
Hearing her voice, Ashton immediately turned his head. 
Seeing those men still staring at Joanna with red faces, he frowned, covered her eyes with his hand, and slammed the small partition door shut with a "bang" sound. 
"How did you get in here?" 
His voice was deep, with a hint of reproach, "Is this a place you can just barge into? Nonsense." 
"I just heard you throwing up in there." 
Joanna reached out to pull his hand away, her black glossy and watery eyes looking at him with a bit of grievance and worry. Holding his hand, she asked, "I was afraid something would happen to you, so I came in. " 
"What’s wrong with you, exactly? Where are you feeling unwell? Do we need to go to the hospital now?" 
She also knew that this wasn’t a place she could simply enter. 
But at that moment, she couldn’t care less. 
"I’m fine." Ashton pressed the water button to flush the toilet bowl, took a deep breath, and slowly helped her up. 
Looking at her worried black eyes, he paused, reached out, and gently touched her head. His voice softened, "Don’t worry, I’m really fine. I just don’t usually eat spicy food, and my stomach couldn’t handle it all at once. But I feel much better now." 
Joanna was stunned and bit her lip, "Why didn’t you tell me you couldn’t eat spicy food?" 
She had given him so many ingredients from the Spicy Hot Pot Base before. 
He clearly couldn’t eat it, but he didn’t tell her and still ate all the ingredients she gave him. 
This man... 
Ashton Heath’s voice was faint, "You said it was delicious, so I wanted to try. I’m not completely intolerant to spicy food, I can have a bit every once in a while." 
Joanna: "..." 
Still lying to her. 
Did he think she was a fool? 
It was obvious that he couldn’t eat spicy food at all. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t be in here throwing up. 
She knew why he lied to her, and why he still ate the food she gave him even when he felt unwell. 
Joanna had never met a man like Ashton Heath before. 
Just to not ruin her mood, he tormented himself like this. 
If it were David Benington, he might not have been so accommodating to her either. 
The better he treated her, the more pressure she felt. 
Because she didn’t know how to repay him. 
"If you can’t eat something, you must tell me." She paused, took his slender and distinct long hand, and gently pinched his palm, her tone serious, "You’re not allowed to torture your stomach like this anymore. Otherwise, I’ll never eat with you again." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Seeing that he didn’t respond, Joanna glared at him, increased the force of her grip on his palm, and said in a cute and fierce way, "Did you hear me!" 
Ashton held back a smile and nodded, "Mhm." 
His little kitten was so cute when she was angry. 
He wanted to kiss her.
###Chapter 368: Chapter 370: Besides Your Husband, Don’t Look at Other Men
"So, will you deceive me again in the future?" Joanna wasn’t quite satisfied with his previous response and stared at him as she asked another question. 
Her tone was still playfully fierce, though she didn’t realize it, Ashton Heath found it irresistibly cute. 
The man’s deep eyes were filled with tender ripples, lovingly gazing at her, "I won’t deceive you again." 
"For real?" 
"Mhm." 
"Then, can you promise me?" 
"Baby, how do you want me to promise?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, "You promise not to lie to me in the future, and if you break this promise, as punishment, you won’t be allowed to talk to me for a week." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
For him, this punishment was indeed a bit harsh. 
He frowned but nodded slightly in the end under her playful glare, "Alright, I promise." 
"Are you really okay now?" Joanna looked at his slightly pale face and expressed her concern, "Do you want to go to the hospital? It’s quite close by, maybe we should check it out just in case." 
"It’s fine now." Ashton tightened his grip on her hand and planted a kiss on her forehead, "I’m a doctor, I know my own body. Let’s go out." 
Joanna stared at him for a moment, then nodded, "Alright. But if you don’t feel well, tell me right away." 
"Mhm." 
Having said that, she reached for the door handle. 
Ashton immediately stopped her, "What are you doing?" 
"Leaving." 
"You want to go out like this?" The man’s voice behind her was heavy and sounded dangerous. 
Joanna: "..." 
The next moment, the world spun, and she was swept up in his arms. 
Ashton looked down at the girl in his embrace, his tone dominant yet commanding, "Bury your head in my chest and don’t look at anything you shouldn’t." 
Joanna: "...I wasn’t planning to." 
Even if she wanted to look, why would she look at other men instead of her top-notch husband? 
Anyway, the physiques of those other men in the room just now were not as good as his, and she had no interest in looking at them. 
"Mhm." 
Seemingly satisfied with her response, the man smirked, "You’re not allowed to look at other men besides your husband. They’re not worth looking at anyway; their bodies aren’t as good as mine. If you want to look, I’ll strip for you at home later." 
Joanna’s face flushed with heat. 
What does he mean by her wanting to look and stripping for her at home later? 
She didn’t want to look at all! 
What a hooligan! 
"When you came in just now, did you see anything you shouldn’t have?" Recalling the image of her rushing into the restroom, Ashton’s eyes darkened, and a palpable chill emanated from his body. His seemingly indifferent tone bore a distinct displeasure. 
Joanna didn’t want to deal with him. 
"Baby, hmm?" Ashton insisted on getting an answer, and seeing that she didn’t reply, he just stood with her in his arms by the door, waiting. 
Just like that, it seemed he wouldn’t leave unless she gave him a satisfactory answer. 
Joanna didn’t want to stay in the bathroom any longer. 
At her wit’s end, she finally replied, "I didn’t see anything, not a single thing. Are you satisfied now?" 
Finally, a satisfied smile showed on the man’s face as he opened the door, "Mhm, good girl." 
* 
Leaving the Heart Fondue Restaurant. 
Jeremy Lawrence didn’t want to be a third wheel anymore and found an excuse to slip away. 
There was still some time left. 
Ashton thought he and Joanna could find another place to meet before they head back.
###Chapter 369: Chapter 371: Speaking of, President Ashton is quite eccentric too.
It seemed like they’ve never really been on a proper date. 
Even though they were already married, they hadn’t experienced any romance. For him, this was a regret. 
He wanted to make up for this regret. 
Since they hadn’t dated before getting married, there was nothing stopping them after getting married. 
He owed Joanna a romantic relationship. He was determined to compensate for it. 
With their hands intertwined, strolling around the street, they were an extraordinarily good-looking couple that attracted many admiring and dazzled eyes along the way. 
Ashton wanted to give Joanna a wonderful romantic experience but had no relevant experience. Holding Joanna’s hand, they strolled for awhile, he wasn’t sure what to do next. 
What did other people do when they started dating? 
What were some key things to do on dates? 
He considered this to be his first date with Joanna, and didn’t want to mess it up. 
After contemplating for a while, he pulled out his phone to seek advice from his multi-talented assistant, Cody Aberton. 
Previously, when Cody suggested sending flowers, he sent Joanna a bouquet. She seemed quite pleased with it. 
So it seemed that Cody’s advice really worked well. 
When Ashton sent the text on Twitter, Cody Aberton was eating. 
His phone ’ding-dinged’ twice. Upon seeing the message sent by his boss, his lips twitched. 
Boss: What should I do on a first date to make the girl feel delighted? I need your reply quickly. 
Cody’s response: ... 
Is President Ashton preparing to go on a date with Ms. Joanna? 
In all fairness, President Ashton’s situation was really extraordinary. 
For the previous 20-plus years, he treated women like poison, not even the shadow of a woman had crossed his path. 
Then, suddenly, he announced he was getting married and did exactly that. 
Now, he had already tied the knot and started to contemplate dating? 
Usually, people date before they get married, things naturally follow the course. 
However, he did it backward, hurriedly got married first and then, started thinking about dating. 
Cody could only grumble secretly. 
However, after complaining in his mind, he still responded humbly: Mr. Ashton, dating is pretty simple. Normally, it involves eating, watching movies, strolling, and shopping. You can choose a couple of these. 
Boss: Eat, watch movies, stroll, and shop? So, this is what girls like doing? 
Cody: Well, isn’t that the usual flow of dating? Girls love shopping. Why don’t you take Ms. Joanna to a movie first and then go shopping in the mall? Whenever you see anything she likes, you just buy it for her. I assure you she will be happy. 
Boss: Will that do? 
Cody: Absolutely, Mr. Ashton, have you ever heard of the phrase ’bags cure everything’? 
Ashton: Bags cure everything? What does that mean? 
Cody: It means women love shopping, especially for bags. If they manage to buy a bag they like, they will be very happy. Buying bags for women can almost solve all sorts of problems. Mr. Ashton, why don’t you... give it a try? 
In response to Cody’s advice, Ashton remained silent for a while, then exited the chat interface after tapping on his phone screen. 
He turned his head, lowered his gaze, and gave a thoughtful look to the young woman standing beside him. 
Buying her more bags, would this really make her happy? 
If that was the case, it seems quite easy to please her. 
Ashton pondered for a moment, glanced at a large shopping mall nearby, and gradually slowed down. 
Meeting Joanna’s puzzled gaze, he asked, "Would you like to go shopping in the mall?" 
Joanna was taken aback, "Shopping?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna looked at the mall across from her, hesitated for a few seconds and shook her head, "Let’s not, I don’t really have anything I want to buy."
###Chapter 370: Chapter 372: Are you sure you’ve never been in a relationship before?
Usually, she enjoys shopping. 
She would invite Aria Rowlett to go shopping every weekend. 
But today, she was with Ashton Heath. 
Men generally hate shopping. 
Joanna Lawrence naturally wouldn’t force him to do something he didn’t like. 
She could always go shopping with Aria Rowlett if she wanted to. 
Ashton Heath hesitated, his eyes flashing with surprise. 
Didn’t Cody Aberton say that women love shopping? 
Why didn’t she seem interested? 
He was silent for a few seconds before lightly raising his eyebrows: "Is there really nothing you want to buy? If there is, I’ll go with you." 
"I..." 
"Didn’t you say you only got the audition thanks to Aria Rowlett’s help?" Ashton Heath thought for a moment and continued, "She helped you, shouldn’t you buy her a gift to thank her? We can go to the mall and pick out something for her." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at him with surprise. 
Ashton Heath met her gaze: "What’s the matter?" 
She shook her head: "Nothing. I just didn’t expect you to be so thoughtful. Even I didn’t think of that, but you did." 
"You’re right, Aria did help me a lot. I should buy her a gift to express my gratitude." 
"But... are you sure you want to go shopping with me?" 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Yes. Is there a problem?" 
"No problem." Joanna Lawrence looked at him and said, "I’m just afraid you’ll find it boring and uninteresting. Don’t you men dislike shopping?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her for a while: "Yes, we don’t like it. But it depends on who we’re doing it with." 
The man’s black, enchanting gaze fixed on her, his voice deep and seductive: "With someone you like, nothing is boring." 
Joanna Lawrence froze, her heart pounding. 
Her fair, delicate face blushed. 
At that moment, she could hear her heart violently pounding in her chest. 
This man, Ashton Heath... 
Why did he have to be so flirtatious? 
Did he secretly read books like "Whispers of Love"? 
How come he could say such sweet words so effortlessly? 
This didn’t seem like the behavior of someone who claimed to have never been in love. 
Even without experience in love, he was better at flirting than many men who had been in relationships. If he had been more experienced, wouldn’t all the women in the world fall for him? 
Anyway, she felt like she had been flirted with. 
Facing such a handsome face and hearing his words, she had no resistance. 
"Ashton Heath." She swallowed, touching her chest where her heart still trembled rapidly, "Are you sure you’ve never been in love before?" 
Ashton Heath paused, raising his eyebrows: "I’m sure. Why?" 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips: "Then how do you know how to speak so well? You don’t seem like someone who hasn’t been in love." 
He seemed experienced and knew how to please women. 
"So, baby..." 
Ashton Heath chuckled softly, his voice even more seductive: "Did what I just said please you?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked up at his stunning, refined face and the bewitching smile on the corner of his lips. Her heartbeat quickened even more. 
Looking like that and smiling so charmingly... 
Was he trying to deliberately captivate her? 
If it was deliberate, then he had succeeded.
###Chapter 371: Chapter 373: Tell me what you like, I’ll pay the bill
Her face flushed as he stared at her, her eyes flickered, and she reached out to pull on his arm, avoiding his enchanting gaze. "Ahem, aren’t we going to pick a gift for Aria? Let’s go." 
Ashton Heath looked at her small hand pulling him, hooked his lips, and his big hand grasped hers, wrapping her little hand in his palm. 
His palm was very big, completely covering her soft, white little hand. 
The traffic lights flashed a few times, turning green. 
Ashton Heath held her hand tightly and led her across the street to the mall: "Let’s go." 
* 
They arrived at the mall. 
Ashton Heath took her directly to the luxury goods floor by elevator. 
Exiting the elevator, 
Joanna stared at the staggeringly expensive brands and hesitated. 
"What’s wrong?" Ashton stopped as well. 
After a moment of silence, Joanna told the truth: "Let’s go to the other floors instead. The things here are too expensive." 
It wasn’t that she was stingy and unwilling to buy expensive gifts for Aria Rowlett. 
It’s because she understood Aria’s character. 
If she bought something too expensive, Aria would definitely not accept it. 
But Ashton Heath continued to hold her hand, walking forward: "Since we’re here, let’s just take a look. With me by your side, what are you afraid of? Even the most expensive items, your husband can afford." 
"Feel free to shop, and tell me if you like anything, I’ll pay for it." 
Speaking of which, Ashton Heath had already led her into a nearby luxury brand store. 
Joanna looked up at the man beside her with a perfect appearance and figure, and the deer in her heart began to beat wildly. 
Suddenly, she felt that "Tell me what you like, and I’ll pay for it" is the most beautiful love quote in the world. 
Moreover, it seemed even more intriguing than the words "I like you". 
Which woman could resist a wealthy, powerful, handsome, and well-built man, gently and indulgently saying these words to herself? 
And this man is not just an ordinary wealthy and powerful man. 
His face and figure were considered top-notch among the top-notch. 
No one could resist, right? 
A man’s charming appearance when he works hard to swipe his card and pay for a woman is the same as when he is working seriously. 
As soon as they walked into the store, the clerks greeted them warmly. 
Two female clerks saw Ashton Heath and froze for a moment, their faces growing slightly red. 
They had seen their fair share of handsome men and beautiful women at such luxury brand stores. 
Many celebrities also frequented their shop. 
However, when they saw Ashton Heath just now, both of them felt their heartbeats quicken. 
This man looked too good. 
His deep features didn’t resemble people in Australand, his eyebrows and eyes were particularly deep and three-dimensional, his nose was high and straight, his lips were thin and sexy. 
The man’s body was top-notch, wide shoulders, narrow waist, and long legs. Even a simple shirt and trousers looked eye-catching on him. 
Most importantly, he had a great temperament. 
Although they didn’t know his identity, the noble aura that exuded from him was not comparable to ordinary people. 
These clerks were very observant and could tell at a glance that Ashton Heath was extraordinary, so they treated him with extra enthusiasm. 
"Mr. Brandon, welcome to C&A Treasure House. Please come in; the floor is a bit slippery, so please walk slowly." 
Upon hearing that the floor was slippery, Ashton paused momentarily in his steps. 
Instead of holding Joanna’s hand, he switched to wrapping his arm around her waist, letting her lean securely on him.
###Chapter 372: Chapter 374: Why Not Buy It?
The two sales associates only noticed the presence of another person when they saw his actions, and they couldn’t help but be a little taken aback when their gaze turned to Joanna. 
Both the man and woman were incredibly good-looking, and together, they were a stunningly attractive couple. 
The sales associates felt that this couple’s looks were even higher than those of celebrities in the entertainment industry. 
* 
Joanna shopped for a while but didn’t find anything suitable. 
She did have her eyes on a few bags. 
But when she saw how expensive the prices were, she gave up immediately. 
The bags here cost at least hundreds of thousands of dollars, and even if she had the money, she couldn’t bear to buy them. 
She thought about the bags she had purchased before, most of which were only a few hundred dollars each. 
She decided to find a bag for Aria, since Aria had helped her so much over the years, and it was thanks to her that Joanna was able to land the role of Female Lead 3. Joanna wanted to express her gratitude to Aria properly. 
If Aria was unwilling to accept the gift, Joanna would lie to her and say it was free. 
She’d lie and say that Ashton Heath bought it and that he bought so many that she couldn’t use them all. 
Joanna couldn’t bear to buy such an expensive bag for herself. 
But she was willing to buy one for her friend. 
Especially given how much Aria had helped her, and considering that she was now a young and wealthy woman with several hundred million dollars. It wouldn’t be a problem for her to buy an expensive bag for her friend. 
After browsing the first store and not finding anything suitable, they moved on to another store. 
Girls liked to shop around and compare products from different stores. 
Even if they found something suitable, they would still go to other stores to see if there was something they liked even more. 
Joanna visited three stores and still hadn’t made up her mind. 
As they walked out of the third store, Ashton couldn’t help but ask, "Didn’t see anything you liked?" 
Just now, he was sure that she had shown interest in several bags and even asked the sales associate for the prices. 
But after asking, she didn’t buy any of them. 
Joanna pursed her lips, "There were a few bags that were quite nice, and they seem to suit Aria well. But I want to look around some more." 
After saying that, she looked up at Ashton and asked somewhat embarrassedly, "Are you tired of shopping?" 
When she went shopping with Aria, they would often shop from morning until night. 
For her, shopping for just an hour or two wasn’t tiring at all. 
But for someone who didn’t like shopping, even ten minutes could be unbearable. 
She almost forgot about Ashton. 
Ashton replied, "No, I just don’t understand why you don’t buy the bags you like?" 
For Ashton, shopping was a very simple task. 
If he liked something, he’d buy it. 
If he didn’t like it, he’d look elsewhere. 
He couldn’t understand Joanna’s behavior of not buying the bags she was interested in and continuing to shop at other stores. 
"Uh, well, because you have to compare products from different stores!" 
Joanna earnestly explained to him, "Perhaps there are even better and more suitable options in other stores. So, it’s important to visit several stores and then decide whether or not to buy something." 
After she finished her explanation, seeing Ashton’s still puzzled expression, she felt that her explanation was perhaps unnecessary. 
How could she forget? 
A man like Ashton had probably never gone shopping for himself. 
If he needed something, he could just order someone else to do it. He didn’t have to do it himself. 
Moreover, with all his wealth, he would likely just buy whatever he liked on the spot.
###Chapter 373: Chapter 375: I Want to Accompany You Through It All Once
How could it be possible to compare just three stores? 
Only someone poor like her would do that. 
Thinking about it, she felt a little pain in her heart. 
Rich and poor people really were in two different worlds. 
"Are you tired from shopping and don’t want to walk anymore?" Joanna glimpsed a rest area on this floor, thought for a moment, and said to him, "Why don’t you wait for me in the rest area? You don’t have to accompany me anymore. I’ll finish shopping as soon as possible and then find you." 
During her selection of handbags, Ashton had been standing by and watching. 
When the shop assistant introduced her to the bags, he had also been silently watching. 
He couldn’t even join in the conversation since he didn’t know much about these things. 
Just thinking about that scene, Joanna found it so boring. 
He would surely feel even more bored. 
In fact, Ashton did find it quite boring. 
But since he had promised Joanna, he had to accompany her no matter how bored he was. 
They were on a date right now, after all. 
This first date absolutely couldn’t be ruined. 
"I’ll accompany you." Ashton wrapped his arm around her, looked at the shop ahead, and smiled, "You like to compare, so we’ll compare. Don’t be in a hurry, take your time shopping. I don’t find it boring at all." 
"We can shop however you like. There’s plenty of time, we can visit every store on this floor." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Ashton, you really don’t have to..." 
"Baby, have you forgotten what I said before?" Ashton lowered his head, interrupting her words with a gentle smile on his lips, "Being with you, doing anything is not boring. I want to accompany you in doing all the things you like in the future." 
Joanna stared at him blankly. 
Her recently calmed heart suddenly started to tremble violently, at a speed that made her feel a little panicked and at a loss. 
She was done for. 
She could hear a voice in her heart saying to herself: Joanna, you’re doomed. 
With such a skillful and charming husband, she was really doomed. 
* 
When they were shopping at the fourth store, Joanna decided to make a quick decision. 
Although Ashton didn’t say anything, she couldn’t bring herself to continue shopping. 
The bags in this store looked better than the previous ones. Joanna liked several of them at the same time, so she wanted to take a photo and send it to Aria Rowlett to ask her which one she liked best. 
As soon as she picked up a bag, the man’s deep voice sounded behind her: "Baby, I’ll go out to take a call. You take your time picking." 
After that, he walked outside with his phone. 
Seeing Joanna holding a bag and looking at it, a shop assistant came over to introduce it: "Miss, you have a great eye. The bag you’re looking at is the best seller in our store. This bag has three colors in total. If you are interested in buying, I can take out the other two colors for you to choose from." 
The shop assistant had seen Joanna and Ashton walk in together earlier. 
They naturally knew about her purchasing power. 
Although this female customer’s outfit looked rather ordinary, the male customer beside her was clearly very rich. 
The shop assistant was very enthusiastic. 
Joanna also thought the bag looked nice. Initially, she thought there would only be one color. But since there were other colors to choose from, she certainly had to take a look.
She nodded at the shop assistant: "Alright, please bring them out for me to see." 
"Miss, please wait a moment. I’ll bring them over right away."
###Chapter 374: Chapter 376: Can This Get Any Better!
While the shop assistant went to get the bag, Joanna Lawrence opened the camera and took a photo of the bag in her hand. 
After taking the photo, she opened Twitter and was just about to send it to Aria Rowlett for her to take a look. 
Before she could send it, she suddenly heard a coquettish voice: "Oh my, that bag looks so nice. I like that bag." 
The sound of high heels gradually approached her. 
Joanna sensed an annoyingly sweet fragrance drifting from behind her, and the coquettish voice rang in her ears again: "Mr. Parker, I like this bag. Can you buy it for me?" 
The woman behind her pointed at the bag in Joanna’s hand, flirting and acting cute towards the man beside her. 
Mr. Parker? 
The mention of "Mr. Parker" made Joanna frown involuntarily. 
The surname "Parker" is quite rare. 
There aren’t many people with the surname "Parker." 
Due to Joanna’s strong dislike for Frank Parker, hearing "Mr. Parker" immediately brought to mind Frank’s despicable and effeminate face. 
As she turned around to see what "Mr. Parker" looked like, she heard a familiar voice behind her say, "Wrap that bag up for her." 
"Wow, Mr. Parker, you’re the best." 
"Love you, love you." 
The woman cheered, her voice becoming even more sticky and coquettish. 
It was so annoying that Joanna couldn’t help but get goosebumps. 
After hearing Mr. Parker’s voice, her expression changed, and her frown deepened. 
This "Mr. Parker" was indeed the same Mr. Parker she knew. 
Joanna really thought she was having terrible luck that day. She felt extremely unlucky and shouldn’t have left the house at all. 
In the morning, she encountered Annie Lawrence at the audition, Rebecca Kelloway at lunch, and now, during her evening stroll, she bumped into Frank Parker! 
What kind of cursed luck was this? 
Closia was so big, yet every single morning, noon, and night, she managed to come across people she didn’t want to see. 
Could it get any worse?! 
Joanna raised her head with a frown, her eyes meeting Frank’s as he looked at her. 
As their gazes clashed, both of their expressions darkened. 
Frank’s face wasn’t looking too good in the first place. 
And when he saw Joanna, it became even more gloomy. 
There was not the slightest hint of goodwill in his gaze. Looking at Joanna, his eyes were cold and sharp. 
With full hostility. 
He had a naturally cold appearance, making him look unapproachable and bad-tempered. 
It was quite intimidating. 
When he wore a gloomy expression, it made him even more fearsome. 
Joanna felt a layer of cold sweat forming on her back as he stared at her. It felt as though she was being stared at by a venomous snake with its fangs bared. 
Her whole body was on edge. 
She couldn’t help but admire the woman beside Frank Parker. 
Despite this terrifying face, she still managed to flirt and act cute, truly an ability not many had. 
Actually, just considering his looks, Frank Parker was absolutely handsome. 
His facial features were the standard handsome man’s features, his eyebrows thick and imposing, his eyes narrow and captivating, his nose high and straight, and his lips sexy and full. 
He was about six feet tall, similar in height to Ashton Heath, with slender limbs and an excellent body proportion. 
Birds of a feather flock together, after all. 
All of Ashton’s friends had impeccable looks and figures. 
Any one of them could have had a successful career in the entertainment industry. 
It’s just that each of them came from prestigious families and were the noble young masters and ladies. Their backgrounds made it impossible for them to join the entertainment world.
###Chapter 375: Chapter 377: We Can’t Let Her Take Mr. Parker Away
Joanna Lawrence was also one to favor good looks, had a natural affinity towards those who were attractive. 
However, no matter how good-looking Frank Parker was, she had no desire to get close to him. 
"Miss, are you taking this bag?" 
The store clerk came up and smiled, "If you haven’t decided yet, we will pack this bag for Miss Conway." 
Before Joanna could say anything, the woman next to Frank Parker shot her a hostile glance, and said aggressively, "Why ask her? She definitely can’t afford it. Hurry up and pack this bag for me. I still have other stores to visit." 
Frank Parker’s female companion is a newcomer to the industry, named Brooklyn Conway. 
She had finally managed to get hooked up with Frank Parker and tagged along with the intent of securing this golden ticket. 
At this moment, she hadn’t even secured her golden ticket yet, seeing Frank Parker staring at Joanna all along, and seeing how beautiful Joanna was, she instantly felt threatened. 
She had no idea where this woman came from. 
She hadn’t seen her just now. 
She may be pretending to run into Mr. Parker and trying to seduce him. 
She has such a seductive face, isn’t it meant to seduce men? 
She couldn’t let her seduce Mr. Parker! 
Her hostile gaze landed on Joanna, and the more she looked, the more jealous she became. 
She prided herself on being young, full of collagen proteins, with flawless skin, and thought few people could match. 
Yet, looking at Joanna’s gorgeously delicate face where not even a pore was visible, her perceived advantage seemed to fade instantly. 
No one is more discerning than a woman assessing another. 
She could tell that Joanna was not even wearing foundation, but her face was still much smoother and more delicate than hers, even with foundation and loose powder. 
Moreover, the skin on Joanna’s face was the same as that on her neck and hands. She wasn’t just white on her face, she was white all over. At first glance, her skin seemed to glow. 
There are many female stars in the entertainment industry with good skin. 
But seeing someone with skin as good as Joanna’s was something Brooklyn had rarely encountered. 
What infuriated Brooklyn even more was not just Joanna’s superior skin, but that her face was also more attractive. 
Brooklyn’s face was the result of plastic surgery and bone reduction. 
But her face was still not as petite as Joanna’s. 
Confronted with a woman who seemed superior in every way, Brooklyn felt greatly threatened, fearing that Frank Parker might be seduced by the seductive creature on the other side. 
So, she wanted to leave as soon as possible. 
When Joanna felt Brooklyn’s hostility, she felt baffled. 
She didn’t concern herself with why Brooklyn would harbor such hostility towards her. She turned to the store clerk with the bag in her hand and said, "Is there only one of this bag?" 
The store clerk nodded, "Yes, this style of bag only has one left in each color. Since this bag is limited edition, we won’t restock more once it is sold out." 
At this moment, another store clerk brought out bags in a few other colors. 
The bag in Joanna’s hand was black. 
The clerk brought out a burgundy and a dark green bag. Joanna liked the burgundy one at first sight. She glanced at the pair of hostile man and woman standing opposite her, put down the bag in her hand, and said with a smile to the clerk, "Alright, I will let this lady have this bag. Please pack the burgundy one for me."
###Chapter 376: Chapter 378: Have We Met Before?
At this moment, Joanna Lawrence just wanted to leave as soon as possible. 
She knew that Frank Parker was still looking at her. 
But she pretended not to notice. 
"Alright, Miss." 
The salesperson was relieved when she heard this. 
It’s a good thing that the bag is available in other colors. 
Otherwise, if the two customers start arguing over a single bag, it would have been a headache for everyone involved. 
Mr. Parker must not be offended. 
And the male customer accompanying the other customer seemed to be of high social status as well, not someone they could offend easily. 
Now this solution was the perfect one. 
"Miss Conway, Mr. Parker, please wait a moment. I will pack up this bag for you," said the salesperson, picking up the black bag Joanna had put back and preparing to go pack it up at the cashier. 
Brooklyn Conway had no ions to this. 
Her mind was not on buying the bag anymore. 
Intense feelings of insecurity pushed her to want to leave as soon as possible, as she realized Frank had not looked away from ver since his eyes fell on the enchantress across from them. 
She knew exactly what it meant when a man stared at a woman like that. 
If she didn’t leave now, the little enchantress on the other side might just hook Mr. Parker away. 
"Hurry up, hurry up," Brooklyn urged the salesperson. "Move faster, we’re pressed for time." 
"Yes, Miss Conway." 
The salesperson dared not delay and immediately headed for the cashier with the bag in hand. 
Another salesperson also took the burgundy bag and went to pack it up at the cashier. 
"Wait a moment." 
At this moment, Frank Parker suddenly spoke up. "I think the burgundy bag is not bad. Pack the burgundy one for me." 
The salesperson was stunned. "The burgundy bag? Mr. Parker, that customer already picked that color." 
Brooklyn was also taken aback and looked at Frank, "Mr. Parker, I want the black bag." 
Frank Parker acted as if he hadn’t heard her and said gloomily, "Burgundy is more suitable for you." 
Brooklyn: "But..." 
She had only spoken two words when she felt the man next to her become cold. The gloomy and sharp eyes looked at her, deeply sunk, "What, don’t you like the burgundy one?" 
Brooklyn was frightened by his gaze, opened her mouth, and her voice got caught in her throat, "No, I, I...". 
She was so scared she couldn’t speak. 
Frank Parker gave her a cold glance, looked up, and his gloomy and sharp eyes fell on Joanna’s face. He said coldly to the salesperson, "What are you waiting for? Didn’t you hear me?" 
Frank Parker’s identity was prominent, the only child of the Parker family, which ranked third among the four great families in Closia. 
This department store also had stocks of the Parker family. 
The salespeople here recognized him and did not dare to offend him in the slightest. 
Seeing him, the salesperson looked at Joanna with a troubled expression, "Miss, what do you think... how about you switch to another color? Both black and dark green are very nice, you..." 
The salesperson couldn’t afford to offend Frank Parker, so they could only persuade Joanna to give up the burgundy bag. 
But this time, Joanna was not going to give in. 
She could see that Frank Parker was doing this on purpose. 
Recalling his previous mocking and unfathomable hostility, a surge of anger rushed to her head. Joanna clenched her teeth and said, unable to bear it any longer, "Frank Parker, did we know each other before?" 
Hearing her call Frank Parker by his full name, Brooklyn’s face changed immediately. 
There it was; she knew it. This little enchantress must have come on purpose to seduce Mr. Parker. 
It really was the case.
###Chapter 377: Chapter 379: You’d Better Behave
Before Frank Parker could speak, Brooklyn Conway nervously clung to his arm and looked at Joanna Lawrence like a love rival, her face full of caution and vigilance. "Who are you? How dare you address Mr. Parker by his name? Are you even qualified to call him that?" 
After saying that, she gently tugged at Frank’s arm and cooed to him sweetly, "Mr. Parker, I still want to go to the jewelry store. Can we hurry up and finish shopping so we can leave?" 
The moment the woman clung to his arm, Frank’s brow furrowed. 
"Mr. Parker..." 
Seeing him not moving, Brooklyn shook his arm again, her voice even more cloying, "I suddenly don’t like that bag anymore. Can we not buy it? I want to shop at a different store." 
"Shut up." 
A second after Brooklyn finished speaking sweetly, she was flung away by the man beside her. 
Caught off guard, she was pushed back several steps. She was wearing high heels over ten centimeters high, and if it weren’t for the salesperson who caught her in time, she would have fallen to the floor. 
Brooklyn turned pale with fright. 
After stabilizing herself, she raised her shocked face, her lips trembling, "Mr. Parker..." 
"Get lost." 
Frank didn’t even look at her, his voice as cold as ice. 
This sudden change of events left Brooklyn dumbfounded. 
With the help of the salesperson, she slowly got back on her feet. 
As she looked at Frank’s cold and intimidating face, she hesitated for a moment and tried to suppress her fear to approach him again, "Mr. Parker..." 
Before she could finish, she was met with a pair of frightening, gloomy eyes. Frank gritted his teeth and said, "I told you to get lost. Can’t you hear me?" 
At this moment, the man seemed possessed by a demon. 
His whole body exuded a dangerous aura that made people’s hearts tremble with fear. 
It was as if he would strangle her neck in the next second. 
Brooklyn’s eyes widened in horror, instantly losing any other thoughts except for escaping. 
Since she wanted to cling to Frank’s thigh, she certainly had investigated him. 
Mr. Parker was good-looking, wealthy, and powerful, the only son of the Parker family who would definitely inherit the Parker Group in the future. 
However, not many women dared to target him. 
Because everyone knew that Mr. Parker had a terrible temper, rumored to suffer from Intermittent Explosive Disorder. 
Once his symptoms flared up, without anyone to stop him, he could kill someone with his bare hands. 
During his adolescent years, an angry outburst during an argument with someone had put the other person in the hospital, turning them into a vegetable. 
At the time, since he was a minor and had a psychological disorder like Intermittent Explosive Disorder, the matter was settled with just some compensation. 
Nothing really happened to him in the end. 
It was said that he still hadn’t recovered from it to this day. 
Seeing his current state, Brooklyn instinctively felt that he was about to have an outburst, so she dared not say anything more and ran out of the store as if she was running for her life. 
Even the salespeople were terrified and didn’t dare breathe. 
Frank didn’t even glance at Brooklyn as she ran out. His gloomy eyes stared at Joanna the whole time, his voice icy, "Considering your status, do you really think you knew me before? Joanna, I’m not Ashton, so easily tricked by you. Right now, Ashton is under your spell, and won’t listen to anything we say. But don’t think you’ve got everything under control. I’ll always keep an eye on you. You’d better behave. If you dare do anything harmful to Ashton, I won’t let you off." 
Joanna: "..."
###Chapter 378: Chapter 380: Don’t You Think You’re Sick?
She thought that there might be something wrong with Frank Parker’s brain. 
From the first time they met, he suspected her of having ulterior motives. 
He believed that she had used some unspeakable means to deceive Ashton Heath into marrying her. 
However, her marriage to Ashton Heath was clearly because Ashton had used Jeremy Lawrence’s surgery as a requirement, forcing her to go with him to get the marriage certificate at that time. 
She was the one being coerced. 
But why did all of their so-called friends think that she had schemed to seduce Ashton Heath? 
Just because her family background was not as good as the Heath family, just because they were all of a higher social class than her, they thought that since a woman like her of her social class could marry Ashton Heath, she must have used some abnormal and disgraceful means. 
For a moment, Joanna Lawrence was so angry that she laughed. 
She had known for a long time that people were divided into social classes. 
She also knew that it was difficult for people from different social classes to come together. 
She knew even more that it was quite normal for those in the upper echelons to look down on people of other social classes. 
But, even though she knew all this, being looked down upon by Frank Parker so bluntly, repeatedly being ridiculed, insulted, and despised, she couldn’t help but lose her temper. 
She didn’t think she had ever offended him. 
Just because her social class was lower than theirs, she should be despised and ridiculed by him like this? 
On what grounds? 
She didn’t owe him anything. 
"Frank Parker, since we didn’t know each other before, then you probably don’t know much about me either, right?" Joanna took a deep breath, her eyes filled with anger, clenched fist glaring at the man in front of her, coldly saying, "I’ve thought it over and over, and I can’t remember when I ever offended you. After all, including this time, we’ve only met three times." 
"Don’t you find this very bizarre?" 
"What?" Frank Parker’s face darkened, his voice very cold. 
Joanna sneered and said: "You don’t understand? Let me put it in another way, don’t you think you’re sick?" 
A few shop assistants standing nearby gasped in surprise and admiration, glancing at Joanna. 
Mr. Parker’s temper was notoriously bad. 
The kind of violent temper that would make him want to beat people up without a word. 
There were plenty of people who had been beaten by him. 
Because of his prominent family background, he never worried about not having someone to back him up, so he was never afraid of causing trouble. 
Others knew that if they offended Mr. Parker, they would have to endure being cursed and beaten by him. 
Therefore, very few people dared to provoke him. 
No one else had dared to scold him to his face, ever. 
This seemingly gentle and delicate young woman was really... gutsy.
Miss Conway had just been scared away. 
Looking at Frank Parker’s rapidly darkening face, the unfazed Joanna continued staring at him and asked coldly: "Do you really hate me that much? What’s the reason?" 
"You must have a reason to hate someone. Can you please tell me what exactly I’ve done to provoke your disgust?" 
Frank Parker’s eyes showed a violent mixture of anger and resentment. When Joanna said he was sick, he clenched his fists. 
The anger inside his body was becoming hard to control, and was on the verge of swallowing his rationality. 
It was a precursor to his illness. 
Just when he was almost unable to control the anger inside him, suddenly, a faint sweet scent reached his nose. 
In an instant, it felt like a cool breeze on a hot day, dissipating his inner anger significantly. 
He hesitated, looking up with a puzzled expression. 
Joanna took a step towards him, her anger making her dark, soft eyes brighter than ever due to the flames in their depths.
###Chapter 379: Chapter 381: There’s No Need for a Reason to Dislike Someone
Her eyes seemed to be glowing. 
The girl tilted her face upward, her delicate features, as if carved, were stunningly beautiful under the close scrutiny. 
Her makeup was very light, almost as if she was bare-faced. 
Yet she was even more beautiful and natural than many women with exquisite makeup on. 
With his status, Frank Parker had encountered many beautiful women. 
He had seen all kinds of beauties. 
Not to mention, he grew up with Rebecca Kelloway. 
But when Joanna Lawrence suddenly appeared before him, he was still momentarily stunned, somewhat dazzled. 
Joanna’s beauty was different from Rebecca’s. 
Rebecca’s beauty was slightly too aggressive and not gentle enough. 
Although visually striking, she gave off a slightly domineering vibe. 
Joanna was not like that. 
There was nothing on her that seemed overly aggressive; her entire appearance, from head to toe, gave off a comfortable feeling. 
At a glance, she had the look of a good student, reminiscent of one’s first love. 
Moreover, her temperament was very pure. After all, she had not yet officially entered society, and she still possessed many beautiful qualities. 
Frank Parker had encountered many beautiful women, but it was his first time seeing someone like Joanna. 
They were getting closer. 
He smelled that faint, sweet scent again. 
The girl’s aura was clean, pure, and refreshing. 
It was a pleasant fragrance. 
"You tell me." Joanna, also infuriated, clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. "Where did I offend you? We don’t have any grudges against each other. Don’t you think your actions are inexplicable?" 
"Is it because you think I’m not worthy of Ashton Heath? Or is it because of Rebecca Kelloway? You’re standing up for your friend?" 
After all, he and Rebecca had a close relationship and were childhood friends. 
He knew Rebecca liked Ashton. 
It was possible that their group of friends also wished for Rebecca and Ashton to be together. 
But in the end, Ashton married her. 
Was he resentful on behalf of Rebecca? 
Pondering it, Joanna felt there was a strong possibility. 
Otherwise, she couldn’t understand why Frank Parker would harbor enmity toward her. 
Hearing her mention Rebecca, Frank Parker’s face suddenly changed, and his eyes, filled with a momentary confusion and doubt, instantly became sharp again. 
He looked at the woman who was less than half a meter away and suddenly felt a strange sensation in his heart. 
It was just a moment ago. 
He suddenly felt a baffling familiarity with Joanna. 
He couldn’t quite define what it was. It was just that fleeting moment, and the feeling vanished. 
His gaze became complicated, and he stared at Joanna for a while before taking two steps back. 
"Hating someone doesn’t require a reason." Thinking of that inexplicable familiarity, his brows furrowed, and fragments of memories surfaced in his mind. 
It was on his birthday party when he was ten years old. 
He had an argument with Rebecca over a trivial matter, and he was very angry. He hid in the backyard, not wanting to see anyone. 
He didn’t know why, but he accidentally fell into the swimming pool. 
He cried for help for a long time, but no one heard him. 
Just as his body was sinking, he could no longer call for help and was on the verge of drowning. He saw a white shadow swimming towards him.
###Chapter 380: Chapter 382: Do You Want to Get Beaten Again?
At that time, he thought the person swimming towards him was an angel. 
Then, he was saved. 
When he opened his eyes again, he saw a crowd of people crying and shouting around him, and he also saw Rebecca Kelloway in a wet white dress standing beside him. 
It was at that moment that he fell in love with Rebecca Kelloway. 
Rebecca Kelloway had saved his life. 
At his most helpless, most fearful, and most desperate moment, Rebecca Kelloway appeared. 
She was like an angel, swimming towards him bit by bit, pulling him back from the Ghost Gate. 
If it wasn’t for Rebecca Kelloway’s timely appearance... 
He might have... 
It is said that people easily develop feelings for those who save their lives. 
He and Rebecca Kelloway were like that. 
Before that, his feelings for Rebecca Kelloway were only brotherly love. 
He was an only child, without any brothers or sisters, so when he met Rebecca Kelloway, he always treated her like a sister. 
His change of feelings for Rebecca Kelloway was because of that incident. 
After that, no matter how many things Rebecca Kelloway did that displeased him, or how her character was no longer as pleasing as when she was a child, he always tolerated her. 
Because Rebecca Kelloway had saved him. 
The debt of saving a life, he would never forget in his whole life. 
When he was submerged in the water, his consciousness was already blurry. 
Vaguely, he saw a pair of very dark and bright eyes, as well as the white figure approaching him, and he smelled a very faint sweet fragrance. 
Just now, when Joanna Lawrence approached, he smelled the same scent from her. 
He felt familiar. 
Joanna Lawrence was speechless about his answer and felt a bit at a loss for words. 
She thought she had encountered a lunatic. 
And just now, she actually tried to reason with a lunatic. 
Was her brain broken too? 
Since he had already said that, what else could Joanna Lawrence say? 
She sneered and nodded, "Fine, whatever. There are so many people who dislike me, I don’t mind having one more. Do whatever you want." 
Frank Parker looked at her with a heavy gaze, frowning but saying nothing. 
"Mr., Mr. Parker..." 
The salesperson mustered the courage to speak, "Do... do you still want the bag?" 
Frank Parker turned his head to look at the salesperson, only then remembering the matter of the bag. 
He was about to speak, but he heard Joanna Lawrence say in a domineering tone, "I want the burgundy bag. Frank Parker, whether you dislike me or not, I don’t care, but I won’t let you have this bag." 
Frank Parker naturally had no interest in the bag. 
He only claimed to want the bag earlier so Joanna Lawrence wouldn’t be satisfied. 
The salesperson had a difficult expression, "Mr. Parker, you see... Indeed, it was this young lady who decided to buy this bag first." 
Frank Parker looked at Joanna Lawrence’s resolute appearance, his soft eyes narrowed, and he sneered coldly, "Oh? What if I insist?" 
"It seems you want another beating." 
A low and cold voice sounded from behind the two of them. 
Frank Parker stiffened, his face changing. 
Joanna Lawrence turned around and, seeing the man behind her walking towards her with a cold face, she was stunned for a moment before smiling and walking towards him. 
"Finished your call?" She walked to Ashton Heath’s side and took the initiative to hold his hand. 
Her soft little hand wrapped around his, gently pressing against his palm. 
She rarely took the initiative like this, especially in public in front of others. 
For a moment, Ashton Heath was dazed for a few seconds.
###Chapter 381: Chapter 383: Si, you’ve really gone too far
For a moment, there was no reaction. 
A few seconds later, when he finally reacted, he immediately gripped the soft, delicate hand of the girl beside him. 
Slender and fair, his distinct knuckles intertwined with the girl’s fingers, clasping tightly together. 
Seeing their intertwined hands, Frank Parker’s face changed again, his lips pursed and his fists tightened. 
"Alright, I’m done with the call." Ashton Heath seemed to not notice Frank standing in front of him, his gaze falling on the fair and gentle face of the girl beside him, his voice gentle, "Did you find a bag you liked? Are you going to buy it?" 
Joanna Lawrence nodded: "Yes, I found a bag that I think would be perfect for Aria." 
"Then buy it." 
Joanna: "..." 
She had planned to buy it. 
However, someone was determined to make things difficult for her; she was quite helpless. 
Ashton saw Joanna’s helpless and somewhat angry gaze and held her hand as they slowly walked forward. 
After a few steps, he stopped. 
He looked up, his eyes suddenly losing the gentleness he had just displayed when talking to Joanna, instead becoming cold and sharp, "Are you determined to be at odds with me?" 
This was directed at Frank. 
The sales assistants nearby were surprised to discover that. 
As soon as Ashton appeared, Frank’s energy seemed to greatly diminish, not as strong as before. 
The infamous short-tempered heir of the Parker family seemed to have restrained himself considerably. 
Once again, their gazes turned to Ashton, all of them secretly guessing who this seemingly prestigious guest could be. 
Even Mr. Parker seemed to be somewhat afraid of him. 
There were only a few top-class wealthy families in Closia, and they were familiar with the other young and influential heirs who had good relationships with Frank. 
Among those people, there was no sign of this mysterious guest. 
However, someone who could make even Mr. Parker hesitate must have an impressive background. 
Frank’s face turned pale: "So, you are determined to help this woman and make things difficult for me?" 
Ashton didn’t say anything, just stared at him coldly for a few seconds, his eyes even colder than before. 
Frank also had a cold expression, staring at Ashton as if competing, after a few moments, he sneered: "It seems you are determined to defend her. I know you won’t listen to me, so I won’t try to persuade you. I don’t care what you think of me, but..." 
He hesitated for a moment, his eyes reflecting something different: "Ashton, aren’t you being a bit too cruel to Rebecca? You’ve known her for even longer, one might say you two are the true childhood sweethearts, growing up together." 
"No matter what she did, her intentions were always for your benefit. Did you need to ameliorate your person by humiliating her to this extent? Do you know how heartbroken and devastated she was when she left the restaurant today? Ashton, you’ve gone too far." 
"Rebecca is right, you’ve changed. You weren’t like this before." As Frank said this, his face showed disappointment. 
After listening to Frank, Ashton’s face remained expressionless, his emotions unchanged. 
It was as if Frank was talking about someone else who had nothing to do with him. 
Not talking about him. 
He asked indifferently, "Are you done?" 
Frank spoke for a long time, seeing Ashton’s attitude, he became even more frustrated: "Yes, I’m done!"
###Chapter 382: Chapter 384: It Seems That She’s Quite Generous When It Comes to Taking Action
"I know how long I’ve known Rebecca Kelloway, and I don’t need you to remind me," Ashton Heath said emotionlessly. "My attitude towards her has nothing to do with how long I’ve known her. If she feels embarrassed, it’s her own doing." 
"Ashton Heath, you..." 
"It’s not that I’ve changed, it’s your own problem," Ashton Heath calmly looked at him, stating the facts. "You know very well why the situation has become like this. Besides, I will naturally protect my wife for a lifetime. Whoever wrongs her is crossing me." 
Hearing him say this, Joanna Lawrence was moved and tightened her grip on his hand. 
This man truly fulfilled his promise. 
He said he wouldn’t let anyone mistreat her, and he really did it. 
Even if the other party was a friend he had known for more than a decade, he still chose to stand by her side, protect her, and defend her. 
He didn’t deal with it casually just because he had a good relationship with Frank Parker. 
This wasn’t something that everyone could do.
It could be said that the majority of men couldn’t do it. 
In the hearts of many men, brothers were bonded at the hand and feet, and women were like clothes. 
Seeing him still "stubborn," Frank Parker gritted his teeth and said, "...Fine, I’ll wait and see how long you can protect her. Ashton Heath, you’ll regret it eventually!" 
Having said that, Frank Parker left angrily. 
Before leaving, he glanced at Joanna Lawrence with an unclear gaze, and a trace of doubt flashed in his eyes again. 
Ashton Heath stood still, rubbing his brow, his eyes revealing slight fatigue. 
"Are you okay?" Joanna Lawrence felt a little guilty. 
Every time, Ashton Heath defended her and ended up at odds with Frank Parker. 
They used to be good brothers. 
But now... 
She could see that Ashton Heath’s mood was affected after falling out with Frank Parker and his friends. 
His surface said it was nothing, but how could it really be nothing? 
Imagine that one day, she and Aria Rowlett had a fallout for the same reason; she too would be depressed and upset. 
However, she wouldn’t do such a stupid thing. 
In the future, if her Aria fell for someone, as long as it wasn’t a truly unfit person, she wouldn’t oppose it at all. 
"It’s nothing," Ashton Heath looked down at her and smiled, "It’s just an unpleasant insert song. Pay no mind. Have you decided on a bag? Should I ask the clerk to wrap it up for you?" 
"Sir, it’s this bag." 
The store clerk, fearing that they wouldn’t buy anything and no bags would be sold, quickly brought the bag over and smiled, "Actually, Miss was first interested in this black bag, but Mr. Parker had a female companion who also liked the black bag, so she gave it up." 
"Our bag comes in three colors, all pretty attractive – black is classic and versatile, burgundy is stylish, and dark green is vintage and elegant. These three colors can be alternated." 
Although they didn’t know the identity of Ashton Heath yet. 
But just now, several clerks heard and inferred that he and Frank Parker seemed to be quite close. 
So, he must also have an extremely prominent identity. 
Seeing how he cherished and protected the woman beside him, he should be generous as well. 
So they thought about selling all three bags at once. 
Ashton Heath didn’t have much understanding of women’s bags, but his taste was unquestionable. Whether it was good-looking or not, he could certainly tell.
###Chapter 383: Chapter 385: Only the Poor Need to Make Choices
He glanced at the bags held by the salesperson and thought they were pretty nice, so he nodded and said, "Hmm, pack all three colors together." 
Immediately, the salesperson’s eyes lit up, and her smile couldn’t be contained, "Alright, sir, please wait a moment while we pack them up for you." 
Selling three bags in one go, the salesperson looked absolutely delighted as she left them. 
Joanna froze for a few seconds, and stared at him with wide eyes, "You bought three bags?" 
"Mmm." 
"But I was only planning to buy one." 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips, his charming gaze fixed on her as he spoke in a deep voice, "Buy a few more if you like them. No need to worry about the money, I said I’d pay, didn’t I?" 
He’d come shopping with her on purpose, and it wasn’t so that she could buy things for other people. 
And Cody Aberton had mentioned that women love bags. 
So, naturally, he ought to buy her a few more. 
Joanna: "But these are gifts for Aria, how can I let..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, she was interrupted: "We’re husband and wife now, and post-marriage, the couple’s property is considered jointly-owned. My money is your money, there’s no difference between spending mine or yours." 
"..." 
That... seemed to make sense. 
"But there’s no need to buy three colors of the same style." 
That was too extravagant. 
"Don’t you like the other two colors?" 
"I do, but..." 
"Since you like them, buy all of them. It’s not like we’re out of money." 
Joanna: "..." 
Indeed, only the poor need to make choices. 
Rich people don’t have to. 
So, was her indecisiveness fundamentally because she was poor? 
If she had money, would she still struggle with making choices? 
* 
After buying the bags, Joanna wanted to leave the mall. 
Just a casual shopping spree, and they’d spent several hundred thousand dollars. 
Even though Ashton was the one who swiped the card to pay, her heart still ached." 
However, Ashton seemed to want to keep shopping. As the President of the Heath Group, he voluntarily took up the task of carrying the bags, proudly holding them in his left and right hands. 
"Are we going back already?" 
When he heard Joanna wanted to go home, he was surprised and raised an eyebrow: "Don’t you want to shop more? Anything else you want to buy? Since we’re already here, might as well get everything." 
To Ashton, this amount of spending was too little. 
He wanted to spend more money on his woman. 
Yannick Luther would casually splurge millions on his bed partners." 
Now Ashton’s own wife, the esteemed Ms. Joanna, shouldn’t be limited to only spending three hundred to four hundred thousand dollars at the mall, right?" 
Joanna: "...I don’t want to buy anything else. It’s getting late. Let’s just go back." 
Continuing to wander around outside might result in another few hundred thousand dollars being spent." 
Ashton fell silent for a moment, then said, "There’s a jewelry store downstairs. Do you want to take a look at some jewelry?" 
Joanna’s mouth twitched: "I don’t think so." 
"What about clothes and shoes?" Ashton didn’t seem to want to leave just yet and wanted to buy her more things, "Do you want to buy some?" 
Joanna: "...Didn’t Butler Rowan buy a lot of them already? Many still have the tags on them." 
"But don’t you women never think there are too many clothes?" Ashton wondered, "What about skincare products? Is there anything you need? Do you need to buy some?" 
"..." 
Joanna looked at the man in front of her, who was determined to encourage her to keep shopping, and couldn’t help but smile, "Ashton Heath, are you trying to make me continue my shopping spree?"
###Chapter 384: Chapter 386: Then Let’s Date Like This
Ashton Heath nodded, "Hmm, don’t you want to?" 
Joanna Lawrence joked: "Aren’t you afraid I’ll buy too much and max out your card?" 
"If you have the capability." The man smirked, his voice low and enticing, "I’d be more than pleased." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Encountering a husband who not only doesn’t fear his wife’s extravagant spending, but also encourages it... she pondered how she should handle him. 
"Ashton Heath..." Joanna Lawrence massaged her temples, speaking somewhat helplessly, "I really don’t need to buy anything. If I want to buy something in the future, I’ll tell you, okay?" 
She had perceived his intentions. 
Ashton Heath simply wanted her to spend his money. 
In his eyes, perhaps those three bags were nothing more than ordinary expenses. 
Did he think she was... being too frugal? 
Having married such a rich husband, Joanna Lawrence still didn’t quite understand the spending habits of the wealthy. 
Ashton Heath looked at her skeptically: "You really don’t want to buy anything?" 
Joanna Lawrence held her forehead, spread her hands: "I truly don’t, for now..." 
"You don’t have to save money for me." 
"==, I know." 
"Good." Ashton Heath stared at her for a while, seemingly unsure if he believed her, then nodded, "Since you don’t want to browse anymore, we won’t. However, if you ever want to buy anything in the future, you must tell me." 
He paused, then said: "I’ll buy it for you." 
Joanna Lawrence: " ...Okay." 
Ashton Heath checked the time, thinking they could still fit in a movie or something. 
There was a cinema right in the mall, on the ground floor. 
Upon entering the elevator, he pressed the button for the movie theater’s floor. 
Joanna Lawrence saw the floor he had chosen and was taken aback: "Aren’t we going home? Do you have anything else you want to buy?" 
Ashton Heath had pressed for the sixth floor. 
Clearly, this didn’t suggest they were going home. 
Ashton Heath simply hummed in acknowledgment, then said: "It’s still early, we don’t need to rush home. Think about if there’s any movie you want to see, we’ll go watch it later." 
"Watch a movie?" 
"Hmm." 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned for a few seconds, clearly surprised. 
She never expected Ashton Heath to want to take her to a movie. 
Okay then. 
She had gone to movies when she was dating David Benington. 
Indeed, the majority of couples choose to watch movies on dates. 
The reason she felt surprised and taken aback was that she never thought the typical dating style of ordinary people would be used by Ashton Heath. 
She had never imagined, Ashton Heath would accompany her to a movie. 
It felt like wealthy people like them would date at high-end restaurants, have dinner, and then perhaps visit an art exhibition or enjoy a musical performance. 
In any case, they would always visit rather classy venues. 
A cinema... seemed a bit too plebeian. 
"Why did you suddenly decide to accompany me to a movie?" Joanna Lawrence asked, intrigued. 
"Joanna Lawrence." Ashton Heath softly called her name. 
"Hmm?" 
"Have we ever formally had a date?" 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned: "...it seems we haven’t." 
They got married without even dating. 
They never even had a chance to go for a date. 
"So, this is our date. Dinner, movie, shopping; isn’t this the usual sequence of dates?" 
"Err, it seems so." 
"Then we’ll date this way." 
"..." 
"I’m sorry, doing some of these things might be a little bit late now, but, I still want to make up for them."
###Chapter 385: Chapter 387: Pursuing a Woman Requires Patience
The man gazes deeply at her, his eyes intense yet tender. 
Joanna Lawrence’s heartbeat suddenly skipped a beat: "Ashton Heath..." 
His hand gently lands on her head, his slender fingers slowly brushing through her supple long hair: "I don’t know about others’ dating experiences, but I will learn from others to hopefully give you a decent one." 
"Joanna, I owe you a romance. Can you give me a chance to make it up to you?" 
Joanna couldn’t quite describe the feeling that welled up inside of her. 
When Ashton Heath said these words to her in such a serious tone, she couldn’t say she wasn’t at all moved. 
Indeed. 
Her marriage to Ashton Heath had happened too suddenly. 
They had known each other for less than a day and had a flash marriage. 
Afterward, because she had to return to school, they spent very little time together. 
There was barely enough time to meet up, let alone go on dates. 
Moreover, they were already married- was dating even necessary? 
At least, she never expected this was what Ashton Heath had in mind. 
He said he owed her romance. 
He asked her for a chance. 
Joanna stared into his eyes and asked: "Do you really think so?" 
Ashton Heath held her hand and kissed it tenderly: "Hmm." 
"If we’re going to talk about it like that, then what you owe me is not just a romance." 
"Hmm?" The man was taken aback and raised an eyebrow. 
Joanna looked at him and uttered: "Normally, you should pursue me first, and only after I have accepted, then we can start dating." 
Ashton Heath was stunned for a few seconds. 
"You want me to pursue you?" 
Joanna raised an eyebrow: "Why, are you unwilling?" 
For some reason, faced with her mischievous eyes, Ashton Heath had a vague foreboding feeling. 
So, he remained silent for a while, seemingly considering and pondering. 
"Ding," the elevator reached the sixth floor, and the doors opened.
Joanna sighed, looked at him, and said: "Nevermind, forget what I said." 
She had taken too much for granted. 
She had already married him and was still asking to be pursued. 
This action was a bit like looking for trouble for no reason. 
She turned around, walked out of the elevator, but then, his warm, dry large hand held hers. 
She heard him say: "Okay, I will pursue you first. In the style that you like." 
Joanna paused, looked up at him, blinked: "You agree?" 
Ashton Heath’s lips curved slightly: "Hmm. If that’s what you like, then so be it." 
"This is your idea." Joanna’s smile also took a mischievous turn, freeing her hand from his grasp, "Starting now, we are in a pursuer-pursued relationship. Until I accept you, you can’t just casually hold my hand." 
Pursuer Ashton Heath: "..." 
Joanna looked at his frustrated expression, holding back her laughter: "You said you wanted to pursue me, I didn’t force you." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Mr. Brandon, pursuing a woman requires patience." Joanna spoke gravely, advising him, "Now is the trial period, testing whether you are suitable to be my boyfriend. So, you’d better behave and strive to pass the test in one go." 
"..." 
"Aren’t we going to watch a movie?" Joanna pointed at the long queue ahead, "Let’s go buy the tickets."
###Chapter 386: Chapter 388: He Started to Regret
After saying that, she turned around and walked forward. 
As she walked, her hand was held by the person behind her again. 
Ashton Heath walked to her side, extended his long arm, and wrapped it around her soft, slender waist. 
Joanna Lawrence frowned, "Hey, you..." 
"Baby, the official pursuit starts tomorrow, today doesn’t count." 
"..." 
* 
Joanna and Ashton, this high-profile couple, attracted everyone’s attention as soon as they passed by.
A group of young girls were smitten by Ashton, constantly saying things like "so handsome" and "so manly." 
Some even thought he was a celebrity and asked him for autographs. 
Ashton naturally refused with a cold face. 
Joanna chose a sci-fi movie she liked, a 3D film with great special effects, perfect for killing time in a cinema. 
After buying the tickets, Ashton looked at the people buying popcorn and cola next to them and asked Joanna, "Do you want popcorn?" 
He, of course, wouldn’t eat such junk food. 
He actually didn’t want Joanna to eat it either. 
However, he just saw several boys buying popcorn for their girlfriends, and they seemed to like it. 
"Sure." Joanna nodded, "I’d like the large one, thank you, Mr. Ashton." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
She’s being so polite to him? 
Does she really see him as a pure suitor now? 
There was a strange feeling of discomfort and annoyance in his heart. 
Going from a very close relationship to being a suitor who had to maintain a distance from his own wife felt like an awkward transition and made him extremely uncomfortable. 
He was starting to regret it. 
He shouldn’t have agreed in the first place. 
In a romantic relationship, they could still be intimate with each other. 
Basically, there would be no impact. 
But if he were pursuing her... 
Thinking about this, he felt a headache coming on. 
Now he could only hope that Joanna wouldn’t torture him too much and accept him sooner. 
* 
When they came out of the movie, it was already past ten at night. 
Joanna had her phone on silent during the movie. 
By the time she saw the message Aria Rowlett sent on Twitter, it had already been over an hour. 
Sweet Aria: OMG, Joanna, have you been on your Blog? Have you seen the latest gossip about Annie Lawrence?!!! 
From Aria’s tone, it was obvious that she was very excited. 
As if she had encountered some earth-shattering event. 
Joanna’s curiosity was piqued, and she replied:  What happened to Annie Lawrence? 
Aria Rowlett replied instantly: How come you’re only replying to my Twitter message now? It’s still so early, don’t tell me you and heartthrob are already getting it on. 
Joanna’s face turned red, she was speechless: Aria Rowlett, can your thoughts not be so filthy! Is your mind always filled with these things? 
Aria Rowlett: How am I being filthy? You and your heartthrob getting it on is a normal thing too. Don’t tell me you guys haven’t gotten it on yet. 
Joanna Lawrence: ... 
Aria Rowlett: Haha, let’s not talk about this now. You’re not asleep, right? Hurry up and check your Blog, it’s buzzin’ there. 
Joanna was also very curious about what had happened to Annie Lawrence. 
She didn’t reply to Aria anymore and logged into her Blog after closing the Twitter screen. 
As soon as she opened her Blog and refreshed it, she saw the news about Annie Lawrence. 
Now that Annie Lawrence is an A-list celebrity, her news still attracts a huge amount of traffic. 
Joanna had an alt account and followed many entertainment official Blogs, so she could see the latest gossip about Annie Lawrence as soon as she logged into her Blog.
###Chapter 387: Chapter 389: Is Annie Lawrence really pregnant?
The headline was quite eye-catching: "Rising Starlet Publicly Fights! Is Galaxy Agency’s Starlet, Annie Lawrence, Losing Her Head?". 
Then, there was a long passage describing the various scenes of Annie fighting with someone. 
Below that, there were nine pictures with clear images that clearly showed Annie and another woman entangled in a fight, rolling around on the ground, and it was quite intense. 
Annie’s face was clearly captured by the camera. 
As for the other woman, the image wasn’t clear, and it was difficult to see what she looked like. 
For this kind of news with pictures as evidence, there was almost no room for overturning the story. 
Moreover, Annie’s face was captured so clearly that it was impossible to say the person was misidentified. 
After reading the news, Joanna opened Twitter and replied to Aria Rowlett: I saw the news. 
Aria replied immediately: Isn’t it satisfying? Do you feel great? Haha, a shameless woman like her deserved to be ruined. I guess Galaxy Agency must be furious, they had just managed to promote Annie, and now this news comes out. 
Undeniably, when Joanna saw the news, she did feel quite satisfied.
Such exposés are definitely fatal to entertainers. 
Annie had built a pure and lovely image, and the company had packaged her as an innocent, beautiful girl. 
Suitable for every man’s first love. 
A man’s first love would definitely not be a woman who publicly fights - that’s something particularly unbecoming. 
This news had a significant impact on Annie’s image. 
Even if Annie wouldn’t be completely ruined because of this incident, the impact on her career would be huge. 
After all, the repercussions of fighting are very negative. 
As a public figure, one should transmit positive energy to the public, not negative energy. 
Joanna: Yes, it is satisfying. But how could Annie suddenly do such a thing? Didn’t her agent stop her? 
Aria: I find it strange too, her agent is a pretty smart person. Why would they let their artist do something like this? Anyway, no matter what, she did hit someone, there’s plenty of evidence. This time, let’s see how scumbag David defends her. 
Aria: Haha, didn’t scumbag David think that cunning Annie was gentle, kind, and vulnerable? I wonder how he feels seeing this news. Will he still think Annie is the innocent, vulnerable victim he imagined? 
After seeing this reply, Joanna fell into contemplation. 
She was also curious about what David would think after seeing this news. 
However, she wasn’t curious about David’s opinion on Annie. 
She was curious about what David would think of Annie fighting with someone while carrying a baby in her belly. 
Joanna silently wondered, was Annie really pregnant? 
If so, it hadn’t been three months yet, right? 
It’s still a dangerous time, isn’t it? 
A pregnant woman, less than three months along, would actually dare to fight?! 
Wasn’t she afraid of hurting the baby in her belly, causing a miscarriage or something? 
"What are you thinking about?" 
A deep voice sounded by her ear, Joanna was startled, she lifted her head and met Ashton Heath’s questioning gaze. 
The elevator door opened, arriving at the basement parking lot. 
Upon getting out of the elevator, Joanna opened the Blog, found the news article, and handed the phone to Ashton to read.
###Chapter 388: Chapter 390: His little wife, so beautiful that it often makes his heart beat faster
Ashton looked at it for a while and handed it back to her. 
Joanna said to him, "Annie had a fight with someone and it has escalated to the police station. It seems pretty serious." 
"Hmm, I saw." Ashton nodded, "Does such a thing have a significant impact on an artist’s career?" 
"Yes, it does have a big impact." 
"Do you need me to do anything for you?" Ashton paused and smiled, "Do you want to amplify the influence of this incident?" 
It was an easy task for him. 
Joanna: "...No need." 
She felt that Ashton had misunderstood her. 
She showed him the phone earlier, not intending for him to fuel the fire. 
Annie might be very annoying, but Joanna didn’t want to be the one to kick her while she was down. 
Otherwise, wouldn’t she be as despicable as Annie? 
Ashton raised his eyebrows: "Are you sure you don’t need it?" 
"Positive!" Joanna blinked and said seriously, "I believe that evil people will eventually face Karma. Look, isn’t it happening to her already." 
"Alright." Ashton didn’t say anything more and respected her decision, "If you don’t want it, then it’s not necessary. However, whenever you need my help, be sure to tell me. Don’t try to act tough and handle everything by yourself." 
Joanna felt warm in her heart: "Okay, I got it." 
Ashton found his car and opened the door. He waited for Joanna to get in the car before getting in himself. 
After getting in the car, Joanna opened the news and looked at it again. 
The fight happened in the lobby of the Closia Hotel. 
So there were quite a lot of witnesses at that time, and someone even took a video and posted it online. 
After watching the video, Joanna became even more suspicious. 
In the video, Annie’s actions and fighting stance didn’t look like those of a pregnant woman at all. 
* 
They arrived back at the Hillside Villa late at night, around eleven o’clock, approaching midnight. 
After taking a shower, Joanna went to bed. 
A lot had happened during the day; she was very exhausted. 
Not long after lying on the bed without waiting for Ashton to finish his shower, she fell asleep. 
When Ashton came out in a bathrobe after his shower, Joanna was already fast asleep. 
Ashton, drying his hair, slowly walked to the bedside. 
On the large black bed, the young girl lying there occupied only a small corner. 
The bed was so big that it made her look even more petite. As she slept, her delicate white cheeks showed a faint blush. Her thick eyelashes covered her eyes like little fans, and her tender pink lips had an attractive luster. 
She was wearing a camisole nightgown. Perhaps feeling a bit hot, she had pulled off half of the thin blanket on her body. 
Her long slender arms and straight white legs were exposed. 
Her skin was fair, and under the crystal lamp, it seemed to emit a glowing white light. 
Ashton’s gaze fell on her and found it difficult to move his eyes away. 
He knew Joanna was beautiful. 
Even so, many times he would still be amazed by her beauty. 
His little wife was so beautiful that she often made his heart race. 
Ashton stood motionless by the bed for a while before carefully climbing onto the bed and gently embracing the sleeping girl into his arms. 
Joanna smelled lovely after her shower. 
Ashton took a breath near her neck and instantly felt the tension in his brain loosen a lot.
###Chapter 389: Chapter 391: Nightmare
The scent emanating from Joanna Lawrence acts like a calming balm, capable of putting him at ease more successfully than any medicine he’s ever taken. 
The sweet fragrance of fruit and soft scent of flowers wafting at his nostrils, at this moment, his entire being is in such a relaxed state. With his eyes closed for a moment, he drifts into sleep. 
* 
That night, with Joanna at his side, Ashton Heath is besieged by the same nightmare again. 
In his dreams, he’s taken back to the day he was kidnapped. 
Bound hands and feet in a damp and dilapidated basement, a piece of dirty cloth stuffed in his sinewy mouth, his delicate face covered in filth to the point where his natural looks were indistinguishable. 
Guarded by a group of ruthless, gun-toting criminals, surviving each day on spare steamed buns, those thugs who kidnapped him did it out of an animosity towards the wealthy. After kidnapping him, they gave him only a bare piece of steamed bun each day, and beat him regularly. 
Had they not needed him in order to get their ransom, they probably would have beaten him to death. 
In his dreams, Ashton watches as his younger self, silently enduring his predicament, waits calmly for a rescue. 
And then, the day arrived when the Heath family came to redeem him. 
The Heaths called the police. 
When the criminals discovered this, they became enraged and decided to kill him. 
They bundled him into a car and raced down the road. 
Whilst being pursued by the police, the panicked group drove toward a cliff. 
At that moment, his luck held. 
All the hoodlums who’d kidnapped him were thrown off the cliff, he on the other hand was pulled out of the vehicle just in time by a policeman who’d chased them.
Just when everyone thought he was saved, another wave of criminals arrived. Seeing their comrades’ car plunge off the cliff, they lost control and opened fire. 
The police officer who had saved him from the cliff jumped in front of Ashton. 
And took the bullet for him. 
At that moment, the dream turned blood red. 
Pools of blood flowed from the policeman who had taken the bullet, quickly soaking his police uniform. 
His eyes wide open, a look of reluctance and sorrow spread across his young handsome face as he fell lifeless into the pool of blood. 
The Ashton who was kidnapped for three whole days and nights, the one who was abused and beaten by the thugs without shedding a tear, wept for the first time at the sight of the policeman falling before him. 
This scene became his everlasting nightmare. 
The sight of the blinding blood red caused his heart to feel like it was being impaled, the piercing pain spreading from his chest across his whole body. 
He felt like he was suffocating. 
Watching his savior fall before him, with life ebbing away. 
And he was powerless. 
This feeling of helplessness plunged him into deep self-blame and guilt. 
If it wasn’t for him, that police officer wouldn’t have died. 
If only he hadn’t been so weak then, he could have protected himself. 
If only... 
"Ashton..." 
Just when he’s trapped in his nightmare, unable to wake up as usual, a soft, worried and desperate voice echoes in his ear, calling his name, "Ashton, Ashton..." 
He feels a soft hand gripping his tightly, injecting his body with newfound strength. 
His frigid body gradually warms up.
###Chapter 390: Chapter 392: Scared Me to Death
The blood-red color before his eyes gradually dissipated. 
In the darkness, a glimmer of light slowly grew brighter. 
* 
When Ashton Heath opened his eyes, he saw Joanna Lawrence looking at him with an anxious expression on her face. 
"You’re awake." Joanna wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, her eyebrows furrowed, her eyes full of worry. "What did you dream about? I called your name several times, but you didn’t wake up." 
She pressed a hand to her chest: "You scared me to death." 
She really had been frightened. 
Because she was thirsty, she woke up and turned on the lamp to get some water, only to see Ashton Heath sweating profusely and looking pained. 
She guessed he was having a nightmare, so she tried to wake him up. 
But even after calling his name several times, he didn’t respond. 
Thankfully, he finally woke up. 
If not, she didn’t know what she would have done. 
Ashton seemed not yet fully awake. He stared at her blankly for a while before suddenly reaching out and pulling her into his arms. 
Joanna was caught off guard and tumbled onto him, her entire body pressing down on his. 
Her head hit his solid chest. 
She could hear Ashton’s heart beating rapidly and quickly, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist, holding her close without saying anything. 
Joanna could feel that something was amiss with his emotions. 
She surmised that his current odd behavior might be related to his nightmare. 
Although she didn’t know what he had dreamed about, she didn’t move at this moment, obediently lying on top of him and letting him hold her. 
It wasn’t until Ashton’s heartbeat gradually calmed down. 
That the pair of arms tightly wrapped around her waist slowly loosened up. 
Joanna felt that his mood had improved a lot, so she propped herself up on his chest and slowly straightened her body. 
Then she sat down beside him. 
"Did you have a nightmare?" She asked softly.
There was still sweat on his face. 
Joanna pulled out a tissue and gently wiped his face. 
As she wiped near his lips, Ashton grabbed her soft little hand, his warm and moist lips kissed her palm, and he spoke in a hoarse voice, "How did you wake up? Did I talk in my sleep and disturb you?" 
Joanna shook her head, "No, I was already awake. You didn’t talk in your sleep." 
"What... What did you dream about?" She hesitated, asking curiously. 
Ashton’s eyes were bloodshot, a sign that he hadn’t slept well. He was silent for a moment before shaking his head, "Nothing much, just an ordinary nightmare. You don’t need to worry about me, go back to sleep." 
Joanna looked at him suspiciously. 
She didn’t believe his words. 
Was it really... just an ordinary nightmare? 
But his reaction did not seem like it was just due to a simple nightmare. 
However, since he didn’t want to talk about it, she wouldn’t continue to ask. 
"I’m thirsty, I’m going to get some water to drink before going back to sleep. Do you want some water too?" 
After Joanna finished speaking, she was about to get up and get some water. 
Ashton held her shoulder, "You want to drink water? Lie down, I’ll go get it." 
He directly lifted the thin blanket, got out of bed, and brought back more than half a cup of warm boiled water. 
Joanna took the cup, and drank all of the water in one gulp. 
Every time she ate something heavy at night, she would wake up feeling thirsty in the middle of the night. 
Last night’s fondue, she added several rounds of seasonings to make it extra flavorful. 
Seeing how thirsty she was, Ashton took the empty cup and asked gently, "Do you want more?"
###Chapter 391: Chapter 393: Isn’t Her Husband a Bit Too Handsome?
Joanna Lawrence nodded. 
She still felt thirsty. 
Ashton Heath got up again and filled another glass of water. Joanna drank half a glass before she felt less thirsty. 
"Still thirsty?" Ashton sat by the bedside and asked her. 
She shook her head. 
He reached out and touched her head, his voice soft and gentle, "Then go back to sleep." 
Joanna was really tired. 
It was still early, just past 4 AM. If she hadn’t woken up from thirst, she could have slept until 8 or 9 AM. 
She lay back down and saw him still sitting by the bed with no intention of sleeping, so she asked, "What about you?" 
Ashton Heath rubbed his brows, "I’m not sleepy yet. I’ll watch you sleep." 
"Oh, alright..." 
Thinking that she had to get up early the next day, Joanna closed her eyes, trying to catch up on sleep. 
She fell asleep quickly. 
In fewer than five minutes, she was already asleep again. 
Listening to her even breathing, Ashton’s eyes shifted, recalling what happened in the dream he just had. 
He thought he wouldn’t have that dream again. 
Previously, each time he slept with Joanna, he didn’t have that dream again. 
But tonight... 
He dreamt of the incident from his childhood again. 
However, the dream tonight was somehow different from before. 
Before, he would be trapped in the nightmare, continuously repeating the scene of the young policeman’s death before him. 
Until Mr. Rowan knocked on the door to wake him up in the morning. 
This time, he woke up quite quickly. 
Moreover, before he woke up, as soon as he heard Joanna’s voice, the bloody images gradually disappeared. 
He didn’t know what this meant. 
Tomorrow, he would go and ask Denver Lancaster. 
* 
The next day, Joanna had to go to school and got up very early. 
When she woke up, she heard the sound of water running in the bathroom. After a while, Ashton Heath came out wearing a bathrobe. 
He had the habit of taking a shower both morning and night. 
The man had just taken a shower, his bathrobe slightly open, revealing beads of water rolling on his firm, sexy muscles on his chest. 
On his forehead, droplets of water slid down his straight nose and onto his sexy, enticing thin lips. 
Seeing such a tempting sight early in the morning was quite a big temptation for Joanna. 
She thought... maybe her husband was just too good-looking. 
Ashton Heath saw the young woman staring unblinkingly at his chest. His lips curled into a smile, and he strode over to her. 
A refreshing scent of shower gel assaulted her senses. 
The man had long legs so it only took him two or three steps to reach Joanna, standing in front of her before reaching out to pull her into an embrace. 
Bending down, his warm lips pressed against her forehead, a soft kiss accompanied by a slightly hoarse, seductive voice, "Good morning, Baby. The toothpaste is ready, and the hot water is prepared. Go and freshen up." 
Joanna was taken aback, "How did you know I would wake up at this time?" 
A soft laugh sounded above her head, "Don’t you have school today? You usually wake up at this time, so I guessed that your alarm must be set for this hour." 
Joanna looked up at him, surprised. 
"What is it?" Ashton Heath caressed her hair gently. 
"It’s nothing. I’m going to freshen up." 
Joanna pushed him away and walked towards the bathroom. 
She was surprised by Ashton’s unexpected attentiveness. 
Many times, this man’s actions surprised her. 
Indeed, getting to know someone took time. 
The surface doesn’t always reflect the truth.
###Chapter 392: Chapter 394: Did You Change Your Style Today?
* 
After washing up and changing clothes, Joanna Lawrence went downstairs. 
Seeing her, Rowan greeted respectfully: "Ms. Joanna, good morning." 
Joanna smiled at him: "Mr. Rowan, good morning." 
"Mr. Ashton is already waiting for you in the dining room," said Rowan. 
Joanna nodded and walked towards the dining room. 
To her surprise, she saw that Ashton Heath had also changed into a high-end shirt and was sitting at the dining table. 
He was drinking a cup of coffee. 
His slender, attractive fingers holding the coffee cup were like a work of art. 
Wait a minute, that doesn’t seem to be the main point. 
The main point was, she actually saw Ashton Heath wearing a deep purple shirt! 
He usually wore only black and white. White made him appear aloof, while black made him seem restrained and mature. Joanna had never thought about how he would look in other colored clothing. 
His skin was pale, the cold white color of a vampire, and his features were deep-set. At first glance, he really had the visual impact of a vampire count. 
With such skin tone, facial features, and his supermodel-like figure, he could naturally pull off any clothing. 
It was Joanna’s first time seeing Ashton Heath in a purple shirt. 
It looked countless times better than she had imagined. 
It gave him a completely different feel compared to his usual self. 
His entire temperament became more enchanting. 
Joanna stared at him with wide eyes, standing at the entrance of the dining room, gazing at him for a few seconds. 
"What are you standing there for? Come and eat." 
It wasn’t until Ashton Heath called out to her that she came back to her senses. 
She blinked, wanting to make sure she wasn’t seeing things. 
Once she confirmed that Ashton Heath was indeed wearing a deep purple shirt, she slowly walked over to him. 
She sat down beside him. 
Ashton Heath handed her a cup of warmed milk. 
Joanna took it, holding the cup and drinking a few sips of milk, her gaze couldn’t help but fall on him again, looking curiously. 
Ashton Heath turned his head and pinched her cheek: "What are you looking at?" 
Joanna stared at the high-end shirt on him from a luxury brand, and couldn’t help but ask: "Did you change your style today?" 
"Hm?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow. 
"It’s my first time seeing you wear a shirt of this color," Joanna stared at him for a few more seconds, feeling her face heat up. "I thought your wardrobe only had black and white clothes, with no other colors." 
She felt that today’s Ashton Heath looked so enchanting and alluring that she could hardly look him in the eye. 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Previously, it was indeed the case. 
His wardrobe mostly consisted of these two colors, and he rarely wore clothes of other colors. 
These were what he had asked Rowan to buy at the mall yesterday. 
Rowan was very efficient. He bought various colors of clothes, pants, and ties and hung them in his wardrobe last night. 
Ashton Heath, wearing the shirt Rowan had bought, fell silent for a moment, then asked, "So, what do you think?" 
"Huh?" 
"Ahem," he cleared his throat, "Will it not suit me?" 
"No!" Joanna immediately said, "It looks great." 
The man was slightly stunned, the corners of his lips curved upward, a hint of a delighted smile appearing in his eyes. "Does it really look good?" 
"Yes, really!" Joanna held up three fingers, indicating that she was absolutely not lying. "It looks super good. It suits you very well. In fact, I’ve always thought that you could try more different styles of clothing. Of course, I’m not saying that you don’t look good in black and white clothes, it’s just..."
###Chapter 393: Chapter 395: Easily Provoking Disgust in Women
She pondered for a moment, "Anyway, you are so handsome, it would be a waste if you didn’t try different styles with such a good-looking face and such a great body." 
Ashton Heath’s posture holding the coffee cup froze for a moment, then, his sexy thin lips slowly curved up, his deep eyes looked at Joanna Lawrence, his voice low, "So, you think my face is very good-looking and my body is also very good?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
"How good-looking?" The man leaned in, his low magnetic voice fell in her ear, and warm breath also fell, "Can it charm you? Can you immediately accept my pursuit, agree to date me?" 
"..." 
Hearing him say this, Joanna Lawrence suddenly remembered what the two had said last night. 
Ashton Heath said he wanted to pursue her.
Then the pursuit time started from today. 
So now, they were in the relationship of pursuer and the pursued? 
She almost forgot about this. 
Since he wanted to pursue her, during the pursuit, Joanna Lawrence was definitely going to play hard to get. 
She couldn’t let him win that easily. 
She pushed the man who was close to her away, gently coughed, turned her head, and said seriously to him, "Mr. Ashton, please be serious. I have not yet agreed to your pursuit, please don’t make these ambiguous moves to me." 
"Do you know what this behavior is called?" 
"Harassment." 
"It’s a big taboo during the pursuit. It’s easy to make the woman dislike." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at his frustrated appearance. She couldn’t help but want to laugh, "Don’t forget, you said yesterday that you would pursue me. So we have to follow the normal pursuit process. Before I accept you, don’t touch me again." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Oh yes, since we are not husband and wife or lovers now, we can’t sleep together. Later, I will call Butler Rowan to pack my things and move them to the guest room." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Hearing this, he couldn’t help but frown, "You want to sleep separately from me?" 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Yes. Our current relationship is not suitable for sharing a bedroom." 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows furrowed tighter, "I want to go back on it." 
Not being able to have intimate actions with her was tormenting enough for him. 
She still wanted to sleep in separate rooms? 
"That’s not possible." Joanna Lawrence almost laughed to death, but she had to hold it back, "You have to do what you promised. Mr. Ashton, you wouldn’t lack patience, or is it that you have no confidence in your charm, thinking you can’t win me over?" 
Seeing her playful and strange demeanor, Ashton Heath let out a sigh of helplessness, "Then you have to promise me one thing." 
"Hmm, go ahead." She wanted to know what he was going to say. 
"Don’t deliberately make things difficult for me." He said insecurely, "What should I do if you don’t agree for a year and a half?" 
Joanna Lawrence thinks for a moment and nods, "Alright, deal. I promise not to intentionally drag this on." 
"And one more thing." 
"What?" 
"During this time, you can’t have any ambiguous relationships with other men." There was a strong possessiveness in his eyes, "You’re already my wife, you can only accept my pursuit. No one else is allowed." 
Ashton Heath was not very confident in Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 394: Chapter 396 Joanna, you guys are serious about this, huh?
In the entertainment industry, a place full of handsome men and beautiful women, it’s easy for romance to blossom. 
Many actors, after working on a project together, end up together. 
There are also many actors who, after finishing a project, go back home and divorce their wife or husband. 
There are countless examples of people falling in love due to working on a project together. 
His beloved Joanna is so beautiful and has such a likable personality, even he is smitten with her, let alone others. 
He really doesn’t feel confident about her one bit. 
"You don’t need to say that, I already know." Joanna Lawrence nodded and said, "While we’re still married, I won’t do anything to make you lose face. Don’t worry." 
Ashton Heath felt a bit uncomfortable hearing this. 
So if their marriage was annulled, would she consider accepting another man? 
Although this could be considered reasonable, his strong possessiveness made it impossible for him to accept this fact. 
She is his. 
For a lifetime. 
Aside from him, no other man could think of being by her side. 
* 
After Jeremy Lawrence was discharged from the hospital, he also had to return to school. 
Not long after Joanna went downstairs, Jeremy woke up. 
The senior high school Jeremy attended was just two blocks away from the university where Joanna studied, both in the same direction. After breakfast, Ashton Heath was responsible for sending the two of them to school. 
After a day’s rest, Jeremy looked much better. 
He no longer looked as dispirited as yesterday. 
Once the siblings got into the car, Joanna spoke to Ashton who was sitting in the driver’s seat, "Mr. Ashton, thank you for giving Jeremy and me a ride to school. It’s really appreciated." 
Her tone was very polite and somewhat courteous. 
Jeremy quickly noticed that something was off, so he raised his eyebrows in confusion and asked Joanna, "Sis, what did you just call Ashton?" 
Joanna Lawrence smiled, "Mr. Ashton." 
Jeremy: "...Why have you become so polite with each other all of a sudden?" 
That wasn’t how they used to get along. 
Joanna Lawrence smiled again. Just as she was about to tell Jeremy about Ashton pursuing her, she heard Ashton say, "I am pursuing your sister." 
"What?" Jeremy was stunned, with a bewildered look on his face, "Pursuing my sister?" 
"Yes." 
Jeremy: "..." 
Didn’t his sister and Ashton already get married? 
What was going on? 
"Sis, what’s going on between you and Ashton?" Jeremy was completely puzzled, a frown on his face, "What do you mean by ’pursuing’?" 
"It’s exactly what it means." Joanna thought about it for a moment before explaining to her brother, "Ashton and I had a flash marriage, and he feels like he owes me a proper romance. So, he wants to make up for it." 
"Now, we’re temporarily not husband and wife, but pursuer and the person someone is into. You should also stop calling him Ashton for now, and change the way you address him." 
Jeremy: "..." 
What the heck? 
He was somewhat speechless, "Sis, are you guys serious?" 
"Yeah." Joanna replied with a smile, "Really, we are. From now on, you can call him Mr. Ashton, or Mr. Heath, or even President Ashton. You can change how you address him again when he successfully pursues me." 
Jeremy: "..."
Could this be considered a little fun between husband and wife? 
They were already married, but now they were playing this game of pursuit. 
He was somewhat at a loss for words about this behavior. 
However, seeing how Joanna and Ashton seemed to be enjoying themselves, what could he, as an outsider, say? 
Speaking of which, the marriage between Joanna and Ashton happened too hastily.
###Chapter 395: Chapter 397: He Really Dislikes Her, Right?
Although Ashton now dotes on his wife, and Joanna married the right man, their relationship still didn’t follow the typical course of dating and then getting married. 
Since Ashton wants to make up for it now, they should just let him do so. 
* 
Ashton Heath first dropped Jeremy Lawrence off at school. As Jeremy got out of the car, he saw another luxury vehicle approach. 
Seeing the black Bentley parked not far from him, Jeremy paused for a moment in his steps toward the school entrance, his hand slowly tightening at his side. 
He could feel someone watching him from behind. 
But he didn’t look back. 
Instead, he quickened his pace and soon entered the school grounds. 
A few meters behind him, 
Regina Kelloway, who had just gotten out of her car, had a pale face, clenched lips, and red-rimmed eyes. 
The driver opened an umbrella behind her to shield her from the harsh sunlight. 
Regina loved beauty. 
In the summer, not only would she apply a layer of sunscreen cream all over her body, but she would also carry an umbrella whenever she was under the sun. 
To her, getting tanned was equivalent to losing her life. 
The driver, noticing her unusual complexion, asked worriedly, "Ms. Annie, are you alright?" 
Regina didn’t respond. 
From the moment she saw Jeremy, she had stopped in her tracks. 
It wasn’t until he had entered the school and completely vanished from her sight that she turned her red eyes away. 
She stood still for a while before taking a deep breath, forcing back the tears that were about to fall, and stepping out from under the driver’s umbrella. 
The summer sun was dazzling and scorching hot. 
The intense light shone down on her. 
The driver immediately approached to offer her the umbrella. 
But Regina stopped him and said hoarsely, "No need, Mr. Vane. You can leave now." 
The driver hesitated, looking at her unusual behavior and not feeling reassured. He offered her the umbrella, saying, "Ms. Annie, at least take the umbrella so you won’t get sunburned." 
The driver knew how much Regina feared the sun. 
The young girl was the same age as his daughter, and she loved beauty so much that she carried an umbrella all year round whenever she went out. 
This was even more true in the summer. 
Regina looked at the umbrella the driver was holding out to her, and for the first time, she shook her head and refused, "I don’t need it." 
The driver hesitated, a surprised expression on his face: "Ms. Annie, you... " 
With the sun so strong today, 
Ms. Annie actually didn’t want to use the umbrella? 
This was a first in her life. 
Something was definitely wrong with Ms. Annie. 
Should he mention this to Sir and Madam White or Ms. Joanna? 
Regina didn’t say anything else. She looked again at where Jeremy had just been, her face pale, and stared for a moment before walking towards the school entrance in a daze. 
Did Jeremy... see her just now? 
She had a feeling that he did. 
But he never looked back, just walked away like that. 
He must really hate her. 
In the past, he took care of her because she was a girl, knowing that girls had strong self-esteem and did not want to hurt her too much, and so his rejection was subtle. 
And she... 
Actually misinterpreted those subtle rejections as him having some feelings for her, too. 
As a result, she had been pestering him for three years. 
She thought her persistence would surely touch him. 
In reality, he had long been fed up with her. 
This time, he could no longer tolerate her and finally spoke his mind. 
Regina had her own pride, too. 
She had been clinging to Jeremy before because she thought she had a chance, that he had feelings for her, and that his unwillingness to accept her was only due to her identity.
###Chapter 396: Chapter 398: Isn’t He Asking for Trouble?
Now, she understood everything. Even if she still loved Jeremy Lawrence, she wouldn’t keep clinging to him. 
She had decided to let go. 
But this decision was so hard, so hard for her. 
It was also too painful. 
When you’ve sincerely loved someone, poured all your emotions into them, and when they’ve become your entire world, it’s really hard, so very hard to give up. 
She thought she wouldn’t wholeheartedly love someone like this anymore. 
Never again. 
Experiencing such pain once was enough. 
In her life, she never wanted to go through it again. 
However, she had no regrets. 
* 
Ashton Heath drove Joanna Lawrence to school. 
Once they parked, Joanna reached out to unfasten her seatbelt. With one hand on the car door, she looked up at the man in the driver’s seat and smiled, "Mr. Ashton, we’re at my school. Thank you for driving me here. It must have been troublesome for you." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
All of a sudden, he had become the Mr. Ashton who was pursuing her, and his wife was treating him so courteously and distantly. He found it difficult to adapt to this change at first. 
However, it seemed someone didn’t have a problem adjusting to the change at all. 
The way she called him "Mr. Ashton" was as natural as could be. 
Thinking about it, Ashton Heath felt a bit gloomy. 
Regarding their current relationship, it seemed he was the only one who was dissatisfied. 
"There’s no need to be so polite, Ms. Joanna." Given that they were in the courtship phase and he had agreed to woo her, even if he felt dissatisfied, Ashton played along, acting the part of an aspiring suitor. 
Upon hearing him calling her "Ms. Joanna", Joanna Lawrence laughed, saying, "Anyway, I still have to thank you. Mr. Ashton, I’ll get going now. We’ll surely keep in touch." 
Ashton Heath: "... Alright. Do you want me to walk you to your dormitory building?"
"Better not." Joanna thought for a moment, "I think it’s better to keep things low-key. It’ll be too conspicuous if you send me there." 
Ashton bit his molar: "What’s so conspicuous about it?" 
Joanna, telling the truth, stated: "Your face." 
"..." 
"I’m really going now." 
Even if she couldn’t see his face right then, she could feel the bitterness emanating from him. 
Before he could react, she hurriedly opened the car door and got out. 
After stepping out of the car, she walked to the front, knocked on the window pane, and once the window rolled down, she waved at the unexpressive man sitting in the car, his gaze filled with bitterness, and cheerfully said, "Mr. Ashton, goodbye." 
Ashton watched her beautiful petite face with a blossoming smile through the car window and took a deep breath: "Are you just going to leave like that?" 
Joanna blinked her eyes: "Or what?" 
The man pursed his lips, clearly discontented, "Not even a goodbye kiss?" 
In the past, she’d always kissed him goodbye. 
Joanna smiled wider, enunciating every word clearly and slowly, "Mr. Ashton, you are still pursuing me. I haven’t agreed to date you yet, do you think I’ll kiss you goodbye?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"I’m really leaving." 
Joanna found him looking frustrated funny and couldn’t stop laughing. She covered her mouth, turned around to wave at him, and quickly ran into the school building. 
Inside the car, the man with the stunning deep face looked extremely displeased, regretting for the 101st time why he agreed to pursue her. 
Wasn’t this just asking for trouble?
###Chapter 397: Chapter 399: You’ve Been Framed
An ideal wife could have been hugged and kissed whenever desired. 
Now, even hugs and kisses have become a luxury. 
But since he had agreed to this arrangement, there was no turning back. 
All he could do was to behave well and try to win her heart as soon as possible. 
* 
After returning to school, Joanna sent a text message to Aria before heading directly to the library to look for her. 
She didn’t know if it was just her imagination. 
From the moment she entered the library, she noticed that many people were staring at her. 
Whispering amongst themselves about something. 
Joanna had been a well-known figure at school, as she was the beauty of their School of Performing Arts. 
Moreover, many people knew that she had a rich boyfriend, so she was quite popular. 
But today, the way people looked at her was obviously different from before. 
Feeling suspicious, she searched for Aria and briskly walked towards her as soon as she found her. 
"Baby, I’m here," 
Aria also saw her and waved at her. 
When Joanna came over, Aria picked up a bag from the chair next to her, which she had reserved for Joanna. 
As soon as Joanna sat down, 
Aria immediately lowered her voice and said, "Baby, you’ve been attacked. Have you seen the post on the forum?" 
Joanna looked confused, "What post?" 
Aria: "...You haven’t seen it? Someone posted scandals about you on the campus forum. Now there are over a thousand comments on that post. I seriously suspect that the person who attacked you hired online trolls. They’re all cursing you." 
As she spoke, Aria angrily said, "Damn it, I don’t know which bastard wants to ruin you. Those scandals are absolutely appalling, completely slandering you." 
Joanna: "..." 
No wonder the gazes of those people when she entered just now seemed off. 
So, someone had attacked her? 
Joanna immediately took out her phone and logged into the campus forum. As soon as she logged in, she saw the post attacking her. 
Since many people were bumping the post, it became the top post on the forum, easily visible at a glance. 
The title was very eye-catching- 
"Shocking! Your innocent school beauty, Joanna, is actually a promiscuous woman who had an abortion during her senior high school days?! Can you believe it?!" 
When Joanna saw this title, she suddenly felt like her breath was caught in her throat. 
Aria patted her shoulder, "Calm down, calm down, try to stay composed. Are you sure you want to click on it? I’m worried you won’t be able to handle it." 
The content inside was far more hateful than the title. 
When Aria first saw this bombshell, she was so angry that she wanted to stab the so-called whistleblower behind it. 
Not to mention, how Joanna would feel seeing it herself. 
But she had to tell Joanna about this matter. 
The post was gaining more and more attention, and the number of people cursing Joanna inside was increasing. 
If they simply let the rumor spread regardless of the consequences, the impact on Joanna would be significant. 
Rumors have always been something that people easily believe. 
Even with insufficient evidence, but as it spreads from one person to ten, and from ten to a hundred, eventually, the fake could turn into the truth. 
If they tried to stop it later, it would be too late. 
So, she had to tell Joanna. 
Now, her baby had a backer, and she believed that the heartthrob would definitely help Joanna solve this matter properly. 
Joanna took a deep breath to compose herself and said, "Yes, I want to see how this person is trying to attack me."
###Chapter 398: Chapter 400: Is it really okay to spread rumors about a girl like this?
"Just watch." Aria Rowlett warned her, "Anyway, just take it easy and don’t take it too seriously." 
Otherwise, she’d be infuriated. 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "I know." 
She opened the post and spent two minutes reading the so-called "expose." 
Even though she had mentally prepared herself beforehand, after reading the post, she was still so angry that she almost vomited blood. 
She couldn’t even speak for a while. 
The post was from someone claiming to be a former high school classmate, alleging that during her senior high school years, Joanna had dated many affluent offspring, all rich and powerful. She had even had an abortion for one of them. 
After the abortion, she took an entire month off. The whistleblower said it was common knowledge among her classmates, and anyone could ask around to confirm whether it was true or not. 
Someone asked in the post how the whistleblower knew about such private information as her abortion. 
The whistleblower replied that one of their classmates’ mother was a doctor, and this classmate saw Joanna at the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department while visiting her mom in the hospital. 
An hour later, the classmate saw Joanna covering her stomach and walking out of the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department, looking pale. 
The whistleblower argued that if it was just a regular gynecological issue, Joanna would not have needed to rest for a month. 
Only an abortion would require such a long recovery period for her body. 
Additionally, the post claimed that she portrayed herself as a pure goddess with the goal of attracting affluent offspring. 
David Benington was one of the rich boys she had seduced. 
The Ashton Heath who had appeared several times at the school was a wealthy man she had just hooked up with. 
The whistleblower asserted that she must have broken up with David because the new man she just successfully seduced was wealthier. 
So, it was she who dumped David. 
Girls are generally very jealous. 
When Joanna was dating David, many girls were jealous, and at first, they claimed David was financially supporting her. 
Luckily, David started picking her up from school as her boyfriend, and the rumors about her being financially supported slowly faded. 
While many students pursued Joanna, her boyfriend was rich and handsome. When news of her breakup with David reached the girls’ ears, many were secretly smug. 
However, their joy didn’t last long as Ashton Heath appeared. 
Ashton was even more handsome, more elegant, and more charming than David. 
He had previously treated the girls in their dormitory to dinner, sending his Rolls-Royce to pick them up. 
It was obvious that her new boyfriend was also very rich. 
Soon after the girls thought that Joanna would be doomed without David, Ashton’s appearance was a slap in the face for them. 
The whole group was even more envious and jealous. 
The appearance of this post excited them. 
There were many people trashing Joanna in the post, and from the tone and wording of the replies, all the posters were girls. 
Occasionally, one or two people tried to defend her, but they were verbally attacked and ridiculed by others.
For example: 
I am just a small anonymous user: Shouldn’t the whistleblower put forth solid evidence? Just because you say she had an abortion doesn’t mean she did. Is it really okay to slander a girl like this? I don’t know Joanna personally, just know there is such a person. ively speaking, I think this "expose" is just brainless black PR with little credibility. 
This comment was immediately met with criticism and rebuttal from other people. 
An ive ID: I don’t agree with the previous commenter. I think this expose is highly credible. Didn’t the whistleblower mention that everyone in the class knew about her month-long leave?
###Chapter 399: Chapter 401: Joanna, calm down.
For those wanting the definitive proof, couldn’t they just ask around at her former school? And moreover, if she really did go to the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department and then took a month off, what else could it be besides an abortion? 
Youthforever: Say what you will, she barely waited two days after breaking up with her ex-boyfriend before jumping into a relationship with another guy. The speed of that... tsk tsk... A normal relationship, with genuine feelings involved, usually involves a year or so of heartbreak. How could she recover so quickly and find a new boyfriend? This proves she didn’t really like her ex-boyfriend. If she didn’t like him, why was she with him in the first place? This obvious fact doesn’t need me to spell it out, right? 
Siren Joanna: Right? I heard she and her ex-boyfriend have been together for several years. She didn’t even seem upset when they broke up and quickly found a rich man to replace him. Does this not confirm the rumor that she only targets affluent offspring? 
Not Goddess: Actually, I knew about Joanna’s scandals a long time ago. A friend of mine attended the same senior high school as her and said that her personal life was quite chaotic back then. She wasn’t as innocent as she seemed and indeed had relationships with many rich men. As to whether or not she had an abortion, I don’t know. 
Once this reply came out, another so-called insider commented, "My cousin studied in the same institution as Joanna who indeed had a dubious reputation; she’s a bona fide innocence pretender. She even flirted with a guy my cousin was interested in." 
With these two so-called insiders coming forward, the credibility of the gossip increased even more. 
Wraith: Holy damn, Joanna’s that cheap? Matcha Coffees nowadays look all innocent on the outside but in reality, they’re nothing short of sluts. Straight guys are usually oblivious to this and see them as pure goddesses. 
I Am Just A Bystander: Isn’t Joanna the epitome of an innocence pretender? Girls can easily identify such pretenders but straight guys really can’t. Sometimes when you kindly warn them to not be fooled, they would accuse you of being jealous. Believe it or not, despite seeing this post, guys would still not believe the gossip. They would continue seeing Joanna as innocent, being the most noble and holy goddess in their minds. 
Sunflower Nut: Heh, men are all visual creatures. As long as a woman looks good, they couldn’t care less if she’s a Matcha Coffee or a Siren. That being said, Joanna does have a pretty face. Even us girls sometimes get deceived. 
Defeat Bad Joanna: So what if she’s good-looking? We don’t know how many men she’s been with. She’s dirty. Don’t think that guys are all fools and can’t see through her pretense. Rich folks are very shrewd. They might just be playing with her, not caring at all whether she’s pure or not. For them, it’s even better if she’s not so pure. Only then can she be good in bed. 
Joanna, emotionless, reads through some replies and then locks her phone. 
"Joanna, just stay calm. Consider it nonsense like someone’s farting, no, like someone’s taking a dump." Aria Rowlett steals a glance at her best friend sitting beside her, feeling that her current state is eerily calm, like the calm before a storm. 
There isn’t any sign of anger on her face; it could even be called calm. 
She puts her phone on the table, turns her head and asks, "Who do you think posted this?"
###Chapter 400: Chapter 402: Oh, has our school beauty returned?
"Huh?" Aria Rowlett was taken aback and thought about it seriously before saying, "There aren’t many people who have openly had issues with you. Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright are still at the police station, so they definitely can’t post anything. The only ones left are Lillian White and her group." 
"This post came out yesterday evening, and we just had a quarrel with Lillian and her group before it was posted. Besides, Lillian said some really unpleasant things that night. Don’t you think the tone of the whistleblower sounds a bit like her?" 
"I think... it’s most likely her." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded: "Yeah, I think so too." 
It has to be said that Lillian is the biggest suspect. 
But she didn’t think Lillian would be so foolish. 
If she and Aria could easily guess it was Lillian, Lillian herself wouldn’t be unaware of this reason. 
If Lillian wanted to expose her, she wouldn’t do it at this time. 
People would easily guess it was her. 
"But could exposing me at this time be too revealing?" Joanna raised a question. 
Aria paused: "You have a point. Now that you mention it, it doesn’t seem to be her. But who else would have such a deep hatred for you and make you out to be so unbearable?" 
Joanna shook her head: "I don’t know." 
"Baby, what are you going to do?" Aria asked, "More and more people are reading this post, and bad news travels fast. When more people spread the story, some might really think you..." 
Although they both knew it was slander, gossip. 
But those popcorn eaters didn’t know. 
Some might really think she had a chaotic private life and even had an abortion before. 
Such a rumor about abortion is really too malicious for a girl. 
And the impact is huge! 
Especially in the case of their Baby, who was still in the honeymoon period with the heartthrob. If he saw this post, even if he wouldn’t doubt Baby, it wouldn’t be very good. 
If some suspicious men saw it, they might argue with their girlfriends and break up over this matter. 
So, the whistleblower is really despicable. 
After staying silent for a while, Joanna smiled lightly: "Of course, we have to find out who’s spreading rumors behind my back." 
Aria nodded: "That’s what I think too. So how are you planning to find out who this person is? Do you want to ask the heartthrob for help?" 
"No need." Joanna smiled again, her anger reaching its peak, she became calmer, no longer as emotional as before, "I don’t need to bother him with this. Jeremy can help me out." 
"Jeremy?" Aria was taken aback, "What are you planning to do?" 
"Aria, I don’t think I’ve told you, besides being good at playing games, Jeremy is also very good with computers?" 
"...No, you’re not telling me he’s some kind of hacker, are you?" 
"Not quite." Joanna smiled, opened her phone, and looked at the post again, a coldness flashing in her eyes, "But finding out the real IP address of the poster should be easy." 
She was rather curious to see who was behind this smear campaign against her. 
"Alright, send the post to Jeremy right away and let him find it quickly. Once we find the despicable person behind all this, I’ll beat the hell out of her!" 
* 
The two stayed in the library for a while before going to class. 
On their way to class, they bumped into Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit. 
Upon seeing each other, Lillian sneered and looked at Joanna disdainfully, "Oh, our school beauty is back?"
###Chapter 401: Chapter 403: Now the whole school knows about your scandal
As the school beauty said before, looking good is really an asset. One can easily hook up with rich offspring. Ah, for those of us not good-looking enough, where would we have the capital to hook up with rich offspring in high school? Gretchen, don’t you agree?" 
"Yeah, when we were in high school, we didn’t think about hooking up with rich offspring. We were bookworms, spent all our time studying. Our high school experience was not as rich as some people’s." 
"Hehe, even if you wanted to hook up with rich offspring, without that pretty face, could you? They can easily leave one rich guy and immediately hook up with an even richer one. Do you have that capability?" 
"Living off one’s face is not something you can do just because you want to. And they’ve even had abortions as minors, can you do it?" 
Gretchen looked horrified, "Having an abortion in high school? No way, I wouldn’t dare. If I did something like that, my parents would kill me." 
"Right, me neither. My parents would kill me too. But there are always people who dare, maybe their families have been teaching them like that since they were kids. They’ve become used to these kinds of things early on." 
"Lillian White, Gretchen Skerit, you two bitches..." 
Aria Rowlett pointed at the two girls, about to hit them. 
"Aria!" 
Joanna Lawrence held Aria back, her face expressionless and her gaze coldly fixed on the two girls. Her voice was just as cold, "At least you both know you’re not good-looking enough, that’s quite self-aware. But since you’re already so ugly, I’d advise you to be kind." 
"Jealousy makes you uglier, and being a jealous woman will only make you progressively uglier. Once you’re too ugly to be saved by plastic surgery, you’re doomed." 
"Joanna Lawrence, what did you say!" 
No woman could tolerate someone calling her ugly to her face. 
Joanna’s words instantly ignited Lillian’s fury, and she looked ready to fight Joanna. 
Aria immediately stepped in front of Joanna, her face cold, "Try to touch Joanna, and I’d beat you to death even if it gets me a school detention record." 
Aria was taller and stronger, and Lillian knew she was no match for her. 
Joanna was also good at fighting, and not many girls could beat her. 
Though furious, Lillian had no choice but to bear it.
She looked at Joanna, protected by Aria, and sneered once more, her voice full of sarcasm: "True, we are not as beautiful as you, the school beauty. But at least we know self-respect and self-love, and don’t do things that make people laugh at us." 
"As for jealousy, what exactly do we have to be jealous of? Are we jealous that you’re entangled with a bunch of men because of your good looks, or jealous that you had an abortion as a minor?" 
"Why are you staring at us? These words are not from us, the whole school knows your scandals now. What, we’re allowed to do it, but not allowed to mention it? If you don’t want people talking about you like this, then don’t do these shameful things." 
Gretchen remained apprehensive deep inside. 
No matter what Joanna had been like before. 
Now, she had someone supporting her. 
She didn’t know who that man was, but he was still keeping Moon Broadley and the others locked up in the police station. 
It was said that the Kelloway family had tried pulling strings, but to no avail.
###Chapter 402: Chapter 404: You Just Let Them Go Like That?
Thinking about it is terrifying. 
In her heart, she still didn’t want to offend Joanna. 
Nor did she dare to really offend her. 
"Alright, Lillian, class is about to start. Let’s hurry up and go." Gretchen Skerit pulled Lillian White, afraid that she would really anger Joanna. If she did, it wouldn’t end well for both of them. 
Lillian probably thought of Moon Broadley, and suddenly, she restrained herself a lot. 
She snorted quietly, "Hm, let’s go." 
The two linked arms, walking past Joanna. 
Aria Rowlett was so furious she was about to lose it: "Joanna, are you just going to let them walk away like that?" 
Joanna sighed, "What else can we do? Should we really fight with them? There are people coming and going here. If the matter escalates, it won’t turn out well for any of us." 
"But they were too hateful just now!" Aria clenched her fists, feeling suffocated, "Was that any way for people to talk? We were roommates for a few years, yet they’re so eager to kick us when we’re down. Disgusting!" 
Compared to her, Joanna, the person involved, seemed quite calm, her emotions didn’t seem to be affected, "They were only saying those things because they saw that post. Compared to them, I feel like the person who posted it is even more hateful." 
What she wanted most now was to find out who had posted it. 
"But at least now we can be sure that the post wasn’t made by them." 
Aria was still furious: "Even if they didn’t make that post, what they said just now was too outrageous. If there weren’t so many people here, I’d really want to beat that brat Lillian up. Luckily we don’t live with them anymore, or else seeing them every day would drive me crazy." 
Joanna nodded: "Yeah, it’s a good thing we don’t live together anymore." 
* 
Before going to class, Joanna sent the link of the post to Jeremy. 
There weren’t many classes during the morning. After finishing two of them, she was basically free. 
When she walked out of the classroom, Jeremy hadn’t replied to her yet. 
Jeremy was also in class at this time. 
Moreover, senior high school classes weren’t as flexible as university classes. She assumed he was temporarily unavailable to help her with the whistleblower’s ID. 
Joanna wasn’t anxious. 
This incident had affected her mood, but it wasn’t something difficult to resolve. 
As long as she could uncover the whistleblower, the rumors would naturally be clarified. 
It was just a matter of time. 
She could wait for a while if needed. 
However, Aria seemed more anxious than her. 
Once class was over, she asked her, "Did Jeremy reply to you? Did he find the ID of the person who framed you? Do you know who it is?" 
Joanna shook her head: "Not yet. He should still be in class now. At the earliest, he’ll only be able to help me look for it at noon. Don’t worry, we should be able to find out by tomorrow at the latest." 
"Tomorrow?" Aria frowned, "There are more and more replies to that post, and now everyone in the school probably knows those rumors. If this becomes a big issue, it could severely impact you." 
"You just passed the auditions and haven’t officially signed yet, right? If it gets on the blogs..." 
"Aria, I’ve thought about all the things you’re worried about. But there’s no point in panicking now. Plus, I’m just a small, unknown newcomer, not even a D-list celebrity. Even if it gets on blogs, it won’t become a big issue." 
"Who would care about a small newcomer’s gossip? There’s nothing too explosive." 
Aria frowned, "I’m not worried about what the netizens will do to you. I’m worried that this negative rumor will affect the film crew’s consideration of you."
###Chapter 403: Chapter 405: Do you have time now? Can we meet?
"I shouldn’t be that unfortunate..." Joanna Lawrence fell silent, a smile creeping up the corner of her lips, "Don’t you always say that my luck improved after meeting Ashton Heath?" 
"So, I believe that I won’t be unfortunate anymore." 
"...fine." Aria Rowlett shrugged helplessly, "I hope so too." 
"By the way, Baby, has the film crew not yet called you to inform you about the signing?" 
Even though Gary White had announced on the spot that he wanted Joanna Lawrence to play Female Lead 3, there couldn’t be any changes to that. 
But before the signing, nothing is 100% certain. 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head: "Not yet." 
"Then you wait a little longer, they might call you today. Do you want me to ask Mr. White for you?" 
"There’s no need, I’ll wait." 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence finished her sentence, her phone rang. 
She took out her phone, thinking it was the film crew calling, and answered it excitely. 
After taking a deep breath to maintain her composure, she answered: "Hello, this is Joanna Lawrence." 
"Ms. Joanna, hello, this is Genesis from Galaxy Agency. Do you have time now? Can we meet up?" 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned and asked in astonishment: "You are Linda Tame?" 
Even Aria Rowlett, who was standing next to her, showed a look of surprise at hearing that name. 
"Yes, I have a matter to discuss with Ms. Joanna, could we meet?" 
Joanna Lawrence frowned, then fell silent. 
With a deep question in her eyes, she turned to look at Aria Rowlett. 
Isn’t Linda Tame Annie Lawrence’s agent? 
Why was she calling her? 
On the other side of the line, Linda fell silent for a moment, then said: "If Ms. Joanna isn’t comfortable leaving the school, I can come to you. Just tell me when it’s convenient for you."
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
After a while, Joanna Lawrence hung up the phone. 
Aria Rowlett immediately asked her: "Was that a call from Annie Lawrence’s agent?" 
"Um." Joanna Lawrence had a thoughtful expression on her face. 
She was wondering, what was Linda Tame really up to? 
"What did she call you for?" 
"...I don’t know, she said she wanted to meet and talk about something." 
Aria Rowlett: "...What could she possibly have to discuss with you? She knows what your relationship is with Annie." 
"Yeah, I’m really curious." Joanna Lawrence lowered her head to look at her phone, "So I agreed to it." 
"...You agreed to meet her?" 
"Um." 
"My god, aren’t you afraid that she and Annie have set a trap for you?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought carefully for a moment and shook her head: "I don’t think so. Her tone seemed quite sincere, it’s like she really has something to discuss with me. I told her to meet at a coffee shop outside our school. On our turf, she shouldn’t dare do anything." 
Aria Rowlett was still uneasy, feeling there was some sort of a conspiracy. 
Why in the world would Annie Lawrence’s agent call her baby? 
It was absolutely a wolf in guise of a sheep. No good intentions at all. 
"I’ll go with you," after thinking for a while, Aria Rowlett said, "I don’t feel reassured with you going alone. Besides, I also want to know what Linda Tame really wants." 
* 
Half an hour later. 
In a coffee shop outside the Closia Film School. 
Joanna Lawrence and Aria Rowlett walked into the coffee shop, and saw Linda already sitting at a relatively secluded location.
###Chapter 404: Chapter 406: I Will Do My Best to Support You
The two of them walked over. Linda, holding up her coffee cup, saw Aria too was joining them, she raised an eyebrow and laughed, saying, "Ms. Aria, your relationship with Ms. Joanna is really good." 
"Of course." 
Aria, unapologetically, walked over and sat down, calling a waitress over to order a coffee. 
She looked at Linda and said, "I don’t trust my baby to be here alone." 
Linda didn’t mind her saying so, she curved her lips into a smile, "Ms. Aria’s concern is legitimate. After all, our previous few encounters were not very pleasant. However, Ms. Aria can rest assured, I asked to meet Ms. Joanna this time solely for business, with no other intentions." 
"Oh, really?" Aria looked at her with interest, "I wonder why Miss Tame is looking for our baby, what is it that you want to discuss?" 
Linda curved her lips, turned her gaze to Joanna, silent for a moment before finally saying, "Ms. Joanna, as far as I know, you do not currently have an agent, do you?" 
Joanna was taken aback, then nodded, "Yes." 
She is not even a D-list celebrity, where would she get an agent from. 
There were no companies that would sign with a minor character like her. 
Linda nodded as well, smiling, "Ms. Joanna, your physical appearance is very good. Honestly, of all the artists I have represented, none can compare to you. You were born to make a living in the entertainment industry, if you had gotten better resources, you’d already be a sensation." 
Joanna was taken aback, her eyebrows furrowed, her eyes filled with doubt, "Miss Tame, what exactly are you trying to say?" 
She dislikes beating around the bush. 
Linda didn’t want to beat around the bush either, after contemplating for a few seconds, she looked straight at her and said, "I’ve worked in Galaxy Agency for ten years, started out as a novice who knew nothing, and now I’m an acclaimed agent." 
"In these ten years, I’ve made dozens of top-tier artists famous, even the worst performer under me can at least make it to the third-tier. I want to say, Ms. Joanna, if you’re willing to let me be your agent, I guarantee to promote you to a top-tier star within two years." 
"Of course, with your capital, if you are lucky enough to get exceptionally good resources, you could become a sensation in half a year, let alone two. As long as you’re willing to sign with me, I will leverage my connections to secure the best resources I can get for you." 
"I will make my best effort to promote you." 
After Linda finished her words, both Joanna and Aria had stunned expressions on their faces. 
After a good while of surprise, Joanna incredulously said,"Do you mean you want to be my agent?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna: "..." 
Did she hear wrong
What on earth is Linda Tame up to? 
"Miss Tame, if I remember correctly, you’re Annie’s agent, right? And I believe, once you took her on, you couldn’t represent other artists at the same time, right?" 
It must be said that David Benington has really put quite a lot of effort into promoting Annie. 
Evident by his willingness to free up someone as accomplished as Linda just for Annie’s sole use. 
Linda took a sip of her coffee, then slowly said, "It was before, but not anymore." 
Joanna was startled again, very surprised, "You’re not her agent anymore?" 
"Yes." Linda looked her in the eye and calmly said, "Something happened between her and me, so I’ve left Galaxy Agency. I completed my resignation formalities yesterday. Ms. Joanna, I had been at Galaxy for ten years, once I leave, I could never go back."
###Chapter 405: Chapter 407: No Rush, Take Your Time to Consider
"So, you don’t have to worry about me going back to work with Annie Lawrence. I used to represent her, but it wasn’t my personal choice; I couldn’t do anything about it since it was the boss’s arrangement." 
"You can think about it carefully; I genuinely want to sign you. By the way, I’m currently working at HE Company, and I’m sure Ms. Joanna has heard of it. I have some connections with the CEO, so I can get access to a lot of resources from the company. If you join me, you won’t have to worry about not getting enough resources to promote you." 
"If you’re still not reassured, we can sign a formal agreement. During the term of the agreement, if I don’t make you famous, you can claim a compensation fee for wasted time. The amount of the fee can be determined by you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
The conditions she offered were sincere. 
And very tempting. 
It was clear that Linda really wanted to sign her. 
Joanna had no particular bad impressions about Linda. 
The person she had conflicts with was always Annie. 
And it had nothing to do with Linda. 
However, she couldn’t accept the idea of Annie’s former agent signing her, at least not at the moment. 
Moreover, she couldn’t be sure if what Linda said was true or not. 
So, even though she was a bit tempted, she couldn’t make a decision right away. 
Linda didn’t expect Joanna to answer immediately either. She smiled and said, "There’s no rush; take your time to think about it. Just give me a call when you’ve made up your mind." 
Joanna stared at her for a moment before nodding, "Um, Miss Tame, I want to ask you something."
"Go ahead." 
"Why do you want to sign me? I’m not famous right now, and I don’t even have a representative work yet. Signing an absolute newcomer like me is risky, isn’t it?" 
Linda picked up a cup with a cartoon print on it, her eyes half-closed, and said calmly, "You want the truth? Actually, I wanted to sign you from the first moment I saw you. However, at that time, David Benington didn’t agree with you entering the entertainment industry, so he didn’t allow me to sign you." 
"Although he hadn’t taken over Galaxy Agency at that time, he was still my boss and the young master of Benington Group, so I had to obey his words." 
"Annie’s conditions are nowhere near as good as yours. But since someone was willing to promote her, she became a first-line artist. So, I don’t think I’m taking a risk. On the contrary, I enjoy taking risks. Doing challenging tasks is more exciting, isn’t it?" 
"I have absolute confidence in you." 
"Of course, there’s another reason, which is that I want to make you famous and suppress Annie. I want that bastard David to know that firing me for his girlfriend was absolutely his loss!" 
Talking about this made Linda particularly angry. 
That bastard David had actually fired her. 
Although she had been prepared to leave Galaxy Agency for a while, being fired was totally different from quitting voluntarily. 
She had worked at Galaxy Agency for ten years. 
Even without merits, she had put in hard work, not to mention helping Galaxy Agency promote so many artists. 
She didn’t expect David to treat such a senior employee like this. 
She had no more feelings for Galaxy Agency. 
As long as David and Annie were together, she would never go back to Galaxy Agency. 
* 
Linda left after a short stay and having said everything she needed to. 
Aria Rowlett helped Joanna analyze the situation: "It seems that the falling out between Linda and Annie is true since Linda wasn’t by her side when Annie had an accident yesterday. It looks like they had some quarrel over something, and Annie, not being able to take it anymore, asked David to fire Linda."
###Chapter 406: Chapter 408: Shall We Have Lunch Together?
"Linda was a long-time employee at Galaxy Agency with a certain level of importance, and then she was fired by David. She must be furious." 
"She came to you for two reasons: one is to take revenge on David and Annie; the other is to see your potential, and sign you to HE Company, so that you can make some achievements in the new company." 
"After all, she needs to bring some of her own people to secure her position in HE Company. To make someone like you, without any fame, famous would be a great way to prove her ability to her new boss. So, she’ll definitely do her best to promote you." 
"I think the terms she offered are pretty good. What do you think?" 
Joanna Lawrence supported her chin with one hand, pondered for a moment, and then nodded: "I think it’s good too." 
"Baby, I think this is an opportunity. Just as you were successful in auditioning for Female Lead 3 in Brandon’s new TV series, Linda came along. Don’t you think it’s possible that you’re about to get lucky? I wanted to discuss the agent issue with you today, but Linda took the initiative to come to us." 
"HE Company is now probably the largest and best brokerage company in the domestic market. Many superstars have signed with them. To be honest, although Galaxy Agency has been developing well over the years, it still can’t compare to HE Company." 
"Hmm, I know," Joanna nodded, "It would indeed be great to sign with HE Company." 
"So, are you..." 
"Let’s not rush. Let’s talk about it in a few days. If she’s really sincere, I believe she won’t mind waiting a few more days." 
There are some things she needs to investigate thoroughly before making a decision. 
Signing is not a small matter; it must be carefully considered. 
"That’s true; it’s better to be cautious. In any case, if she has no other agenda and purely wants to sign and promote you, I think it’s a great choice." 
* 
By noon. 
Joanna had made a lunch appointment with Aria Rowlett to eat Escargot Pasta at a small restaurant outside the school. Just as they were about to leave, hand in hand, she received a text message from Ashton Heath. 
Ashton Heath: Ms. Joanna, are you free at noon? Would you like to have lunch together? 
Joanna paused in her tracks. 
"Baby, what’s wrong?" Aria asked, curious at Joanna’s sudden halt. 
"Uh, Aria, I might not be able to have lunch with you today." Joanna said awkwardly, "How about we go for Escargot Pasta tomorrow at noon?" 
Aria hesitated for a moment, then guessed that the message must have come from Ashton Heath. 
Since her best friend had an appointment with her husband, it was only right that Aria was understanding. 
"Sure, we can go anytime. Is your heartthrob asking you out for lunch? Hurry up and go!" 
Joanna pressed her lips together, "Why don’t you come with me?" 
"No, no, I won’t." Aria immediately shook her head and refused, "I don’t want to be a third wheel. Go on, don’t mind me. Enjoy your romantic time together." 
"Uh, he hasn’t come yet." 
"Well, you can wait for him at home. I’ll go first." 
Joanna stood at the door, watching Aria leave. After closing the door, she replied to Ashton Heath’s message: Is such a busy person like you, President Ashton, free to have lunch with me? Don’t you have a dinner party at noon? 
Ashton Heath replied immediately: Yes, I do. 
Before Joanna could respond, he immediately sent another message: I have a lunch meeting with Mr. Clive from Newman Group. If you agree to have lunch with me, I’ll go and cancel with him right now. 
Looking at this message, the corners of Joanna’s lips rose upward. 
This message had an obvious tone of pleasing her and also revealed that her position in his heart was important.
###Chapter 407: Chapter 409: Really Feeling like Being Pursued by Him
The man’s little careful thoughts were completely seen through by her. 
But her mood couldn’t help but improve, her heart filled with sweetness. 
Perhaps it was because she hadn’t replied for a while, Ashton Heath couldn’t help but send another message: Ms. Joanna, shall I pick you up? 
Joanna Lawrence looked at his changed way of addressing himself, pursed her lips, and her eyes were full of sweet smiles. 
This pursuit seemed quite genuine. 
She suddenly felt that she quite enjoyed the relationship between her and Ashton Heath right now. 
There was really a sense of being pursued by him. 
Being pursued by such an outstanding man would greatly satisfy any woman’s vanity. 
Joanna Lawrence estimated that he might be a little anxious, and then replied: Okay, come pick me up. 
Ashton Heath replied immediately: Okay, I’ll be at your dormitory in no more than twenty minutes. Think about what you want to eat later. 
* 
During the waiting period for Ashton Heath, Joanna Lawrence logged into the Blog, and as soon as she clicked in, she saw news about Annie Lawrence. 
It was a clarification statement about the news of the fight. 
It was issued by Annie Lawrence’s personal studio, stating that the reason why Annie Lawrence fought with the female artist was because the other party insulted her first, and it was extremely offensive. The female artist had repeatedly provoked her, and she couldn’t bear it anymore before she finally fought her. 
Moreover, after the incident, the injuries on her body were more than those on the other female artist. 
So in fact, she was the one who was beaten up. 
In the statement, Annie Lawrence was portrayed as very innocent and helpless. 
In short, everything she did was understandable and forced, and the one who was wrong was the female artist who insulted her first. 
The studio also claimed to send a lawyer’s letter to the female artist, accusing her of defamation and frame-ups. 
Galaxy Agency must have hired online trolls to help whitewash Annie Lawrence. When the statement came out, Joanna Lawrence clicked into the comment section, which was filled with support for Annie Lawrence. Occasionally, a few opposing opinions were quickly suppressed by the trolls’ comments. 
Other official entertainment Blogs quickly reposted the statement released by Annie Lawrence’s studio. 
Joanna Lawrence clicked into the comment sections of these official Blogs and saw Annie Lawrence’s online trolls, as expected. 
For example, comments like this: It’s good to admit mistakes and change. Who can say they haven’t done anything wrong since they were young? Especially when the other person insulted Annie Lawrence first. If someone insults you in front of everyone, wouldn’t you be angry? 
And this kind of comment: So it’s because the other person insulted her first that Annie Lawrence fought her. To be honest, if someone insulted me in person and said extremely offensive things, I definitely couldn’t help but fight back. We’re all not saints, so don’t use a saint’s standard to demand artists. Think about what you would do if you encountered such a thing, would you still be able to keep a straight face and smile? 
As soon as someone mentioned that Annie Lawrence, an artist, fighting someone in public might have a bad influence, potentially leading some young fans astray, online trolls immediately sprayed similar comments, making the person who made the comment dare not to speak. 
In the comments section, it was almost entirely flooded with whitewashing trolls. 
Soon, so-called witnesses came forward to testify, saying that it was indeed the female artist who insulted Annie Lawrence first, and that Annie Lawrence had endured it for a long time. The other party continued to insult her, and then she couldn’t help but fight back. 
The witness said that if she had been Annie Lawrence, she wouldn’t have been able to bear it either because that female artist’s mouth was really filthy. 
Annie Lawrence’s image is that of a campus first-love goddess, with a pure and demure appearance and a soft, cute personality.
###Chapter 408: Chapter 410: Being Cheated Without Realizing It
In the eyes of the general public, she was always a sweetie. 
Moreover, she had always been gentle and had a good temper in front of others. Many netizens said that she was a very grounded and amiable female celebrity. 
Annie Lawrence had over 10 million fans on her blog. 
When the news of her assault came out last night, many fans expressed disbelief, saying that their gentle goddess couldn’t have possibly hit someone without reason. 
There must be some special reason. 
They were waiting for the truth to come out. 
Today, when the agency’s statement came out, her fans went wild, attacking anyone who spoke ill of Annie Lawrence. 
Some netizens were even afraid to share their opinions on Annie Lawrence for fear of being attacked by her fans. 
They were afraid of being engulfed by her fans’ barrage of criticism. 
A large number of these die-hard fans, along with numerous online trolls, were scattered throughout the comment sections of various blogs, controlling the narrative. 
Even some influential figures came forward to speak up for Annie Lawrence. 
The direction of public opinion on the assault incident was instantly reversed. 
Joanna Lawrence silently scrolled through her blog feed for a while before logging out. 
She had already guessed that Galaxy Agency would definitely help Annie clear her name. 
Annie was, after all, one of Galaxy Agency’s important artists, and her relationship with David was so strong that David couldn’t just sit idly by. 
Just from the large number of online trolls, it was clear that Galaxy Agency had spent a lot of money on this strategy. 
And they had indeed succeeded in clearing her name. 
This issue was essentially resolved. 
In a few days, when other news headlines emerge, the "Annie Lawrence assault incident" will gradually be forgotten. 
In the Internet Age, information changes rapidly. 
Even the most sensational news can’t hold the public’s attention for too long – especially with Galaxy Agency actively trying to clear her name. 
* 
The Benington family. 
Mrs. Benington slammed her phone on the table in anger, asking, "Tell me, what’s really going on? How did Annie Lawrence end up fighting someone? Look at what she has become in public. She is completely disregarding her image." 
"Do you really want me to agree to let such a woman enter the Benington family’s house?" 
"Mom," David rubbed his forehead, looking troubled. "Things aren’t what they seem. Annie has always had a good personality and hasn’t fought with anyone before. This is the first time she has hit someone. I’m told that the other party insulted her first, and she could not help but respond." 
Mrs. Benington sneered, "Never fought with anyone before? She doesn’t look like it’s her first time. David, you can’t just judge people by appearances. Nowadays, people can pretend to be anything if they want to. Are you sure the Annie you know is the real Annie?" 
David looked straight at his mother, frowning slightly. "Mom, I’ve known Annie for years, and I know what kind of person she is. Your son isn’t so foolish that he could be deceived without realizing it." 
"Hmph," Mrs. Benington laughed coldly. "I think you are foolish, too naive. You may still not realize you’ve been deceived. How did I, who is so clever, give birth to such a foolish son?" 
"Mom..." 
"You say she hasn’t deceived you. Then let me ask you, didn’t she say she was pregnant before, and that the baby was less than three months old?"
David’s face changed slightly, and he hesitated. 
He had been a little suspicious about that as well yesterday. 
But later, he took Annie to the hospital for a check-up. 
The examination report showed that Annie was indeed pregnant. 
After seeing the report, all his doubts disappeared.
###Chapter 409: Chapter 411: Do you have no feelings for Joanna at all now?
David Benington was silent for a moment, then slowly walked to the sofa and sat down next to his mother. He lowered his voice: "I took her to do the examination personally yesterday, and she’s indeed pregnant. Mom, the baby Annie is carrying is your grandson. Even if you don’t like her, please agree to let her in for the sake of your grandson." 
"If the baby is born without a complete family, wouldn’t it be pitiful?" 
Mrs. Benington was a little surprised: "Did you take her to the hospital for an examination yesterday?" 
"Yes." David thought for a moment and told the truth: "In fact, I was a little doubtful yesterday. That’s why I took her to the hospital. But she didn’t lie to me, she’s carrying my child." 
"Mom, I can’t deny her a title." 
"Annie is willing to bear a child for me during her career rise, which shows that she’s sincere about me. Look at the current entertainment industry, how many female stars can do this? She’s given so much for me, and I can’t let her down." 
"Please let me marry her. If you don’t like her, I’ll bring her home less often in the future." 
Mrs. Benington quietly looked at her son next to her, her expression was hard to discern, and after a moment, she sighed deeply: "David, Mom asks you one question, and you must answer me honestly." 
David nodded: "Mom, please go ahead." 
"Do you really not have any feelings for Joanna anymore?" 
David was stunned. 
"Did you break up with her just because you don’t like her anymore? Or because Annie is pregnant with your child, and you must be responsible for her, so you had to break up with Joanna?" 
David’s face changed, and he was silent. 
He had thought about this question when he was alone late at night. 
More than once. 
Especially when he found out that Joanna and a man named Ashton Heath were together, he began to panic inexplicably. 
Even though Joanna had proposed the break-up at that time, and he found it difficult to accept and panicked a bit, he had never been as scared and flustered as he was now. 
Because he had always thought that even if they broke up, Joanna still loved him. 
They had known each other for ten years, and her feelings for him must be deep. 
It was impossible for her to fall in love with another man in a short period of time. 
Moreover, he was absolutely confident at that time that Joanna could never meet a better man than him. 
As her former fiance, she would be very picky when choosing a spouse in the future. 
There wouldn’t be many men who could catch her eye. 
David even thought that soon, Joanna would regret it. 
And then come to him begging to get back together. 
He had it all figured out that if she really came to him, he naturally could not get back together with her, but as long as she didn’t ask for the title of young lady of the Benington family, he would give her everything else. 
He would still spoil her, cherish her, and treat her as always. 
Except for giving her a title. 
He had thought about it a lot. 
He was waiting for her to come back and ask for a reconciliation. 
Who would have known that a man named Ashton Heath suddenly appeared by her side? 
Even if he was just a side relative of the Heath family, since he could be among the senior executives of the Heath Group, his income must be substantial, and his family background would not be bad either. More importantly, the man was extraordinarily good-looking. 
Even as a man himself, David had to admit that Ashton’s appearance was excellent among his peers.
###Chapter 410: Chapter 412: Investigate this matter thoroughly
That face, favored by women, also had the potential to make them fall in love with someone else. 
Now, he couldn’t be sure if Joanna Lawrence still liked him. 
He wasn’t as confident as he was initially. 
If, Joanna really liked a man named Ashton Heath, what should he do? 
Because he found out that he still liked her. 
As for Annie Lawrence, it was just a moment of novelty, plus she was pregnant with his child, so he had to take responsibility. 
Apart from this, he didn’t find himself really liking Annie. 
He was silent for quite a while.
Mrs. Benington could already sense his answer just by looking at him. 
Could she not understand her own child? 
"David, you didn’t actually want to break up with Joanna at that time, did you?" Mrs. Benington sighed with a tone of sigh, full of pity and sadness, "Do you regret it now? But what’s the use of regret now? I understand that girl; she won’t forgive you after you betrayed her for her stepsister." 
"Mom." David scratched his hair irritably, "If you know that Joanna and I can’t be together, why are you asking these questions? Is there any point?" 
He knew Joanna Lawrence’s character all too well. 
Mrs. Benington stared at him, her heart filled with anger when she thought of how her beloved daughter-in-law had been ruined by her worthless son, "If it weren’t for you not being able to control yourself, and getting mixed up with that shameless woman, would I have lost my lovely daughter-in-law?" 
"Mom, can you stop being so harsh with your words?" David, who was quite respected outside, and was used to being praised, couldn’t take Mrs. Benington’s scolding seriously, as he felt it was a blow to his pride. 
Mrs. Benington still showed him no mercy: "You think I sound mean? When you were doing it, did you ever think about how disgraceful it was? Even a rabbit doesn’t eat the grass by its nest. What were you thinking when you did those things? Did you ever think about Joanna?" 
Mrs. Benington scolded him mercilessly, not at all willing to tolerate his temper. 
Even knowing that her son and Joanna could never be together, every time she thought about this, she felt her stomach churning with anger. 
In her heart, she despised Annie Lawrence even more. 
If it weren’t for that shameless woman seducing her son, David and Joanna would still be together. 
Maybe they could have gotten married this year. 
Once they were married, she might even have a grandchild in another year if things went smoothly. 
David complained: "What’s the point of talking about this now? No matter how much you resent Annie, the child in her belly is innocent. Anyway, whether you agree with me marrying her or not, I have to take responsibility for her and the child." 
Mrs. Benington sneered and suddenly changed her tone: "I won’t stop you if you want to take responsibility." 
"Mom, you..." David looked at her in surprise, "You agree to me marrying Annie?" 
Mrs. Benington coldly laughed: "You’re not a child, can I control you? If you want to marry her, I can’t stop you, and I don’t want to. But if you’re marrying her just to take responsibility for her child, you should at least investigate this matter." 
"Don’t be deceived by others, thinking they’ve sacrificed so much for you." 
David immediately detected the hidden meaning in Mrs. Benington’s words. He hesitated for a few seconds, his eyes deep in thought, "Mom, do you think Annie is lying to me? But I took her to the hospital yesterday, I..."
###Chapter 411: Chapter 413: I Will Make Her Pay the Price
"Have you seen the video of her hitting someone?" Mrs. Benington asked out of the blue, squinting her eyes. 
David Benington was silent for a few seconds before nodding: "I’ve seen it." 
"Do you think a pregnant woman, not even three months into her pregnancy, could fight like that?" Mrs. Benington’s eyes were filled with mockery, her voice cold and disdainful. "When I was pregnant with you, if I had fought like that, would you still be able to sit here and talk to me?" 
"David, if a woman carrying a child doesn’t care about the baby in her belly and does such dangerous things, it means she is incredibly irresponsible. Such a woman is not a qualified mother at all." 
"When I was pregnant with you, I was extremely careful. Even if I was angry outside, I wouldn’t dare argue with anyone. I was afraid that arguing would accidentally hurt you." 
"Moreover, under such circumstances, it’s highly unlikely that any pregnant woman could still keep the child in her belly. Even if she did, she would have bled. What was the situation when you went to find her?" 
"Did she bleed?" Mrs. Benington asked directly. "During the hospital examination, did the doctor say anything like her fetal image was unstable or something?" 
David was stumped by the question for a while. 
For more than ten seconds, his expression changed repeatedly. 
What Mrs. Benington suspected was what he had suspected too. 
That’s why he proposed to take Annie Lawrence to the hospital for a check-up. 
Because he had seen that video. 
However, he had also read the examination result word by word. 
"But the hospital examination report showed she was pregnant..." A moment later, David said uneasily. 
Mrs. Benington sneered: "Examination report? I can get you one of those right now." 
David: "..." 
"David, before I got pregnant with you, I was almost replaced by a mistress your father had outside. Back then, that mistress tried to grab the position by claiming she was pregnant, and your father was utterly convinced." 
"But later, it turned out that she had bribed the doctors at that hospital. For a woman who wants to climb the ladder, any tricks and means are nothing but child’s play to them." 
"I’m not saying she must be lying to you, but the chances of her lying are high. Even if you and Joanna can never get back together, you can’t let this shameless woman deceive you into marriage. David, if you want to get to the bottom of this, you’d better check it out at the hospital." 
"Or, should I help you check?" 
David’s expression was already bad. After hearing Mrs. Benington’s words, it had turned even gloomier. 
He clenched his hands, gripping them tightly into fists. 
Mrs. Benington looked at him: "David?" 
David pressed his lips together, suddenly stood up, and spoke with a cold and heavy voice, like ice: "I will investigate this matter thoroughly." 
Hearing that he would check, Mrs. Benington’s face eased a bit. After thinking for a moment, she asked: "If it turns out that she’s not pregnant, what do you plan to do?" 
Not pregnant? 
Thinking of Joanna Lawrence, David’s eyes seemed to be covered with a layer of frost, his fingers clenched even tighter, and a cold and ruthless gleam flashed in his eyes: "If she dares to deceive me, I will make her pay the price." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence waited in her dorm for more than ten minutes before her phone rang. 
It was a call from Ashton Heath. 
She picked it up and her voice was soft: "Mr. Ashton, have you arrived?" 
On the other end of the phone, the man’s voice was deep and magnetic, very alluring. The gentle words fell softly into Joanna’s ears: "Yes, I’ve arrived. Baby, you can come down now."
###Chapter 412: Chapter 414: Baby, how are you so adorable?
Joanna Lawrence walked outside as she corrected him: "Mr. Ashton, you’re still pursuing me, please mind your manners in addressing me." 
A low chuckle came through the phone, accompanied by an indulgent and doting tone: "Mm, thank you, Ms. Joanna, for the correction. I’ll pay more attention in the future." 
Joanna pursed her lips and smiled, closing the dormitory door behind her as she stepped out. 
Her steps were light and quick as she headed downstairs. 
Thinking of the man waiting for her outside, a sweet feeling welled up in her heart as she continued her conversation with him: "Didn’t you say it would take you 20 minutes to get here? How did you arrive so quickly?" 
She had just checked the time, and it had only been 14 minutes. 
"Mm." The man’s voice was low and pleasant, "I wanted to see you earlier, so I ran a few red lights on the way and arrived ahead of schedule." 
Joanna was taken aback. 
As soon as she heard him say he had run a few red lights, her brows furrowed, and she scolded him righteously: "Ashton Heath, did you really run red lights? You can’t do that, it’s wrong!" 
"How could you run red lights? Don’t you know how dangerous that is? I’d rather wait for you a few more hours than have you risk running red lights just to get here early." 
Running a few red lights! 
That was totally unacceptable! 
As a law-abiding citizen, she was determined to resist such unlawful behavior! 
Even if the lawbreaker was her significant other. 
She let out a series of scoldings in her soft voice, and after she finished, she heard the man on the other end laughing. His low, deep laughter seemed to be suppressed in his throat, incredibly alluring, and making her heart race. 
"What are you laughing at?" Joanna didn’t feel the slightest bit seduced at the moment, and instead felt completely indignant, "Running red lights is wrong, and you can’t do that again." 
"Joanna." 
The man laughed for a while before gradually stopping, but his voice still carried a hint of laughter as he called her name, teasingly drawing out the syllables. 
Joanna’s heart skipped a beat: "Wha- what...?" 
The man’s voice grew even deeper and more provocative: "Worried about me?" 
Listening to his enticing voice, Joanna pressed a hand to her chest, taking a deep breath, trying to stay calm: "Don’t flatter yourself, I’m worried about the pedestrians. Your reckless disregard for the red lights could endanger them." 
He was still in the process of pursuing her, after all. 
Even if Joanna was actually worried about him, she couldn’t admit it just like that. 
Otherwise, he would become insufferably smug. 
"Really?" Ashton Heath chuckled softly, "You’re not the least bit worried about me?" 
"...You don’t need me to worry about you." 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, she realized they had strayed from the original topic. She furrowed her brows and got back on track, reemphasizing her point with a stern tone: "Ashton Heath, stop trying to joke your way out of this. Did you hear what I just said?" 
"Mm, I heard." 
The man chuckled again, his low laughter deep in his throat, as if whispering into her ear, making Joanna’s face flush and her heart race once more. 
Ignoring her rapidly pounding heart, Joanna bit her lip, "As long as you heard, don’t ever do it again." 
"Baby, how can you be so adorable?" 
On the other end of the phone, the man’s laughter was full of delight, and the word "baby" was spoken with extreme affection: "You believe everything I say, just like that? You trust me that much?" 
Joanna: "...You lied to me?"
###Chapter 413: Chapter 415: Whatever you want to eat, I’ll accompany you
"I just wanted to tease you a bit, I didn’t think you would take it seriously." 
"..." 
So he didn’t actually run a red light? 
And she had foolishly believed him? 
"Ashton Heath, you..." she bit her lip in annoyance. 
Was it fun to tease her about such things? 
Despicable man. 
When she sees him later, she’ll show him! 
"Have you decided what to eat for lunch today?" The man changed the subject. 
Thinking of his previous vile behavior, Joanna Lawrence bit her lip and said stubbornly, "Yes, I decided. Let’s have hot pot. I want to eat hot pot. The last one we went to tasted good, what do you think?" 
"Hot pot? Okay." The man agreed readily, his voice gentle and tender, "Whatever you want to eat, I’ll accompany you." 
He agreed so easily, Joanna felt awkward in her heart: "But, you can’t eat spicy food, can you?" 
Last night’s hot pot had made him so sick that he threw up. 
"Well, I can’t. But if you want to eat it, I’ll accompany you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
What should she do? 
She felt the anger in her heart instantly extinguished by his soft and tender attack. 
"Never mind, I suddenly don’t want to eat hot pot anymore, let’s meet later and talk about it." Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and hung up the phone. 
Soon, she walked out of the apartment building. 
She saw a silver-gray Lamborghini parked by the side of the dormitory building at a glance. 
Even in a school like Closia Film School, where luxury cars are commonly seen, this car, worth tens of millions of dollars, still attracts attention. 
Not to mention, standing beside the luxury car was a man of tall and slender stature, extraordinary temperament, and an extremely handsome face. 
Among the many handsome men and beautiful women in the Film Academy, the man’s figure, appearance, and temperament are top-notch. 
Compared with the students in the school who still have a bit of innocence, his strong and steady aura is unmatched by anyone else. 
With just a casual stand beside the car, he drew a hundred percent of the attention. 
Passing students, regardless of gender, would cast their eyes at him. 
Female students who passed by him blushed, stood several meters away, and secretly watched him, whispering in groups of three or five. 
And the man never glanced sideways at anyone else from the beginning to the end. 
He held his cell phone, his head drooping, and his slender fingers moved across the screen as if chatting with someone. 
Joanna Lawrence saw Ashton Heath had driven the car to her dormitory building, and even drove a high-profile Lamborghini to pick her up, her steps towards him couldn’t help but pause. 
She frowned slightly. 
Wasn’t this man too high-profile? 
By driving the car here, he drew too much attention. 
However, thinking about it, she didn’t seem to have told him in advance not to park the car at the dormitory building. 
So...it wouldn’t be his fault, would it? 
Actually, Joanna wasn’t afraid of people knowing they were together. Ashton had been to the school a few times before, and many girls in the dormitory had seen him. 
There were already quite a few people who knew she had a new boyfriend. 
So, she wasn’t trying to hide her relationship with Ashton Heath. 
She just felt...it was too high-profile. 
The two times Ashton Heath had appeared before, and the time when he had Zack drive a Rolls-Royce to pick up Lillian White and the others for dinner, were all very high-profile. 
So high-profile that many people had begun to resent her.
###Chapter 414: Chapter 416: How about it, do you like it?
Joanna Lawrence stood a few meters away from him and watched him for a while, hesitating for a moment before she was about to walk over. The man, who was still typing on his phone, seemed to have eyes on his forehead as he suddenly looked up and stared straight at her. 
Upon seeing her, the man’s thin lips slowly hooked up, and he immediately locked his phone and put it away. 
Then, Joanna saw him turn around, bend down to reach into the car, and take out a large bouquet of fiery red roses from inside. 
With the elegant and handsome man holding a large bouquet of roses, accompanied by a captivating and charming smile on his lips, he approached her step by step under the gazes of many onlookers. 
When he was near her, he stopped, handed her the roses still covered in dew, and said in a very proper manner, "Ms. Joanna, I passed by a flower shop and bought some flowers for you. I hope you like them." 
He looked so good, and his overall qualifications were beyond compare with those of the younger boys in the school. 
His temperament was especially cold and distant, which made those girls who wanted to approach him think twice. 
But now, that group of female students watched as this cold and aloof man carried a bouquet of flowers to Joanna Lawrence. 
And he showed such a tender and enchanting smile to her. 
It was completely opposite of his previous cold and aloof demeanor that kept others at a distance. 
Joanna looked at the large expanse of bright red roses in front of her, hesitated for a moment, and accepted the bouquet after a few seconds. 
The flowers were a little heavy, she held them in her arms and felt the probing gazes around her. She bit her lip and asked him in a low voice, "Why did you buy me flowers again?" 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips, "Isn’t it to pursue you? They say women like to receive flowers. So, do you like them?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She did quite like them. 
Which woman wouldn’t like to receive flowers? 
It’s just that he bought them so frequently, and so many each time, she felt it was a bit wasteful. 
As if he could read her thoughts, Ashton hooked his lips again, reached out, and patted her head, "It’s just a bouquet of flowers; your happiness is what matters most." 
If she liked it, he could send flowers every day. 
The group of girls around them all let out a small cry when they saw him pat her head with such intimacy. 
"Wow, the head pat, so affectionate." 
"I really didn’t expect such a cold and distant man to have such a gentle side." 
"That girl is Joanna Lawrence from the School of Performing Arts, right? Have you seen that post on the campus forum? This guy is the affluent offspring she just hooked up with. She’s so capable, breaking up one moment and finding a rich, powerful, and handsome man the next."
"Can’t the skills of an innocence pretender be brilliant? Didn’t they say she started hooking up with affluent offspring since senior high school? She must have lots of experience." 
"Why do these innocence pretenders always find better and better men and even manage to wrap them around their fingers, making them think they are really innocent and kind? And yet, genuinely innocent and kind girls always end up with jerks. It’s so unfair." 
"That’s because they are good at disguising themselves and have a face that looks harmless. Men are single-celled organisms; they can’t tell the difference between real and fake. Only women truly understand women." 
"Didn’t she have an abortion back in high school? With such a messy private life, why can she still hook up with such high-quality men? Don’t these men investigate her past before dating her?"
###Chapter 415: Chapter 417: Mr., You’ve Been Deceived by Joanna Lawrence
A few girls were jealous, and their words were inevitably harsh. 
Fortunately, they spoke quietly and were a distance away, so Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath didn’t hear what they were saying. 
Ashton saw that Joanna was struggling with the bouquet of flowers, so he took them from her hands and said gentlemanly, "I’ll help you carry them to the car." 
Joanna naturally had no ions. 
The flowers were so heavy that she had held them for a while, and her arms were already aching. 
The two of them walked slowly to the car. 
Ashton took out the car key and pressed it, and the car beeped twice. He opened the door and put the flowers in the back seat. 
Then he walked around to the passenger side, opened the door like a gentleman, and smiled at Joanna, "Ms. Joanna, please get in the car." 
His gentlemanly behavior drew small gasps and looks of admiration from the surrounding girls. 
Girls were naturally attracted to men who knew how to act like gentlemen. 
If the man was also rich and handsome, they would be even more attracted. 
So Joanna, under the gaze of the crowd, walked slowly over. 
As she bent down to get into the car, she suddenly heard a familiar voice behind her, "Sir, you’ve been deceived by Joanna. She’s not at all like what you see on the surface." 
Joanna paused, holding onto the car door and turning her head. 
Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit came towards her, hand in hand. 
The person who just spoke was Lillian White. 
Seeing Ashton Heath again, Lillian became excited. Even though she tried hard to conceal it, she couldn’t hide the excitement and joy in her eyes. 
Ashton squinted his eyes and looked at her expressionlessly. 
Facing his cold gaze, Lillian’s heartbeat quickened, and she felt a mix of anxiety, nervousness, and a hint of anticipation. 
She walked quickly to Ashton’s side, clenched her fists, took a deep breath, and gathered her courage to lift her head, shyly saying, "Sir, you should remember me. I am Joanna’s roommate." 
Looking at the self-righteous woman in front of him, Ashton’s expression darkened slightly, his tone cold: "Miss, I don’t know you. Please don’t pretend we’re familiar." 
Lillian was publicly humiliated, and her face turned sour. 
The girls next to her covered their mouths and laughed: "Haha, who is that girl? She doesn’t look very pretty. How could she say such a thing?" 
"Exactly, she even said that he should remember her. She must think she’s a peerless beauty." 
"Did you notice that her eyes lit up when she saw him? Is she trying to steal her roommate’s man?" 
"But I think the guy is awesome, saying he doesn’t know her. Hahaha, he didn’t give her any face at all." 
"You’re all overthinking it. There’s no face-slapping. He genuinely doesn’t know her. She just has a high opinion of herself, thinking he still remembers her." 
Their voices were not small when they were talking. 
Lillian heard everything. 
Instantly, she felt a mix of anger and embarrassment. 
However, in front of Ashton, she had no choice but to maintain her peaceful and gentle demeanor, suppressing her anger and not causing a scene. 
She pressed her lips together, trying to control her temper, raised her head, and wearing a faint, gentle smile, she said: "Sir, my name is Lillian White. I’ve been living in the same dormitory as Joanna for three years. We used to be good friends, but then there were some misunderstandings..."
###Chapter 416: Chapter 418: Letting You See Her True Face
"What are you trying to say? If it’s meaningless nonsense, then you don’t have to say it," Ashton Heath impatiently interrupted before she finished. 
Lillian White’s expression stiffened, the smile on her lips turning rigid. 
Looking at the man’s impatient, cold gaze, she swallowed her saliva and quickly said, "Mr. Brandon, I don’t know if you have seen the posts on our campus forum. Some people have exposed some things about Joanna Lawrence’s high school period. They said that she dated many men during high school and even had an abortion at a hospital!" 
As soon as she finished speaking, she felt the surrounding temperature plummet, an instant chill enveloped her. 
Taken aback, she looked up into a pair of cold and threatening eyes. 
A hint of murderous intent even flashed across the man’s deep, chill-filled eyes. 
Lillian White felt a sudden icy chill from head to toe, penetrating down to her bones. 
A wave of fear rose within her, making her instinctively take a step back, as her voice trembled, "Mr... Mr. Brandon, everything I said is true. You can check it on our school forum. Many people from the same school as Joanna Lawrence in high school are saying the same thing. She really... she is not as simple as she appears."
"Don’t be deceived by her." 
"I just... just want you to know her true colours." 
Standing next to her, Gretchen Skerit dared not make a sound, struck with fear at the sight of Ashton Heath’s murderous aura. 
She tightly gripped Lillian’s arm and whispered anxiously, "Lillian, stop talking, let’s leave." 
But Lillian wasn’t ready to just leave. 
Looking at Ashton Heath’s handsome face, she felt even more aggrieved. 
Why could a woman as casual as Joanna Lawrence find such an excellent man? 
And she couldn’t? 
Even if she wasn’t as pretty as Joanna, at least she was cleaner than Joanna! 
At least she wouldn’t do something as disgusting as having an abortion while still in high school. 
Lillian knew very well, an excellent man like him would never look at her. 
But so what? 
Even if there was no possibility between them, she couldn’t let an innocence pretender like Joanna Lawrence triumph. 
"Mr. Brandon, I am not lying to you." Lillian glared at Joanna resentfully, her emotions surging. She shook off Gretchen’s hand, rushed in front of Ashton Heath and quickly said, "Everyone in our school knows about this." 
"If you don’t believe me, you can ask them. They know too." 
She pointed toward a group of girls spectating. 
Moments ago, those girls were gossiping about Joanna. 
Now that Lillian pointed them out, they immediately retreated a couple of steps, looking as if they didn’t know her, "Hey, don’t spout nonsense. What you’ve heard is your business. We don’t know anything." 
Even though they were jealous of Joanna, and displeased that she had found such an excellent man, they weren’t fools. 
The man before them had previously stood up for Joanna. 
He got her two roommates expelled from school. 
Clearly, this man was very powerful. 
They were about to graduate and didn’t want any trouble. 
Fearful of getting involved, they left in haste, not even staying to watch the drama unfold. 
Gretchen Skerit was worried about being implicated too and quickly urged, "Lillian, please stop talking nonsense! The forum is just rumors without solid evidence. The cafeteria is about to start serving food, let’s go grab a seat."
###Chapter 417: Chapter 419: She Is Still the Most Precious in My Heart
As she spoke, she stepped forward to drag Lillian away. 
However, Lillian, seeing Ashton’s indifferent expression, lost her sanity and screamed: "Mr. Brandon, Joanna is really an innocence pretender. She specifically targets wealthy men. She really isn’t a good person..." 
"Slap!" 
Before she could finish her sentence, she received a heavy slap on her face. 
The slap caused her face to turn sideways, leaving a bright red handprint on her cheek. 
Gretchen was stunned and exclaimed: "Joanna, you..." 
Joanna retracted her hand. She used so much force in the slap that her palm turned red.
She looked coldly at Lillian, whose face was swelling from the slap, and said icily: "Lillian, I’ve been tolerating you time and time again, but that doesn’t mean you can attack me like a mad dog. From this moment on, our three years of friendship are over." 
"If you continue your nonsense, don’t blame me for being rude." 
The roommates had been living harmoniously for years. 
Joanna had never imagined that their relationship would turn sour just half a year before graduation. 
The reason for this situation was because she found such an outstanding man, which caused her roommates to be jealous. 
Thinking about it, it seemed somewhat funny. 
Indeed, a woman’s jealousy is the most terrifying thing in the world. 
Lillian and Gretchen had enjoyed Peace for so many years, and now it was broken. 
Their true colors were revealed. 
It turned out that their years of Peace were just an illusion. 
Comparatively, Gretchen was a little better off, while Lillian was completely insane. 
She was nothing like the person Joanna had known before. 
She rushed to Ashton to say so many demeaning and insulting words about Joanna. Did she want Ashton to think that Joanna was frivolous and break up with her? 
No matter her intentions, Joanna could no longer tolerate it at this point. 
At first, she still appreciated their years of friendship. 
Now, there was no need for that. 
"Joanna, you hit me!" Lillian took a while to recover from the slap. 
She covered her swollen face, slowly turned her head, and glared at Joanna with a terrifying expression. 
She seemed ready to fight Joanna. 
Ashton looked at her coldly and immediately protected Joanna behind him. 
His cold, emotionless gaze swept over the angry woman, his voice devoid of warmth and filled with ice: "Joanna is now my girlfriend. Her past is not important to me, and I don’t care about it at all." 
Lillian stared at him in shock. 
"Even if she did those things, it won’t stop me from liking her," he said. 
"She had an abortion. You... you don’t care?" Lillian’s lips trembled, unable to accept his attitude. 
Ashton sneered: "So what if she had an abortion? She’s still the most precious person to me. Someone like you, with an ugly heart and appearance, is not even comparable to a single strand of her hair." 
Although Ashton was not an absolute gentleman, he still maintained basic gentlemanly manners when facing women. 
He rarely, if ever, called a woman ugly outright as he did now. 
Upon hearing his words, Lillian’s body swayed unsteadily twice.
###Chapter 418: Chapter 420: What Kind of Love Potion Did She Give Him?
Her face was as ugly as it could be. 
Being told by the man she secretly loved that she was ugly was undoubtedly a huge blow to her. 
The color drained from her face in an instant. 
"Also, since you’re roommates with her, and have lived together for years, even if you don’t believe her when facing rumors, you shouldn’t spread them further. You’re a disgusting woman," said Ashton. 
Lillian White, looking pale, said anxiously, "Mr. Brandon." 
"I let you off the hook once before because I didn’t want to hurt her feelings, given that you’ve been classmates. But it seems being too lenient on you wasn’t necessary," he continued. 
Lillian sensed something from his words. 
Her face turned even paler, and her trembling lips stammered, "It wasn’t me who said those things, it was the person who revealed it, it has nothing to do with me! I was just, I was just giving you a heads up." 
Gretchen Skerit also turned pale and said, "Joanna Lawrence, this really has nothing to do with us. The things Lillian just mentioned are from the post that exposed you on the campus forum. You can go and check it. It’s not just us who know about these things, everyone in the school knows." 
"You can’t put the blame on us!" 
Ashton’s words earlier made the two begin to panic. 
They got a sense that he meant to settle accounts with them. 
Thinking of Moon Broadley and Tessa Wright, they both became increasingly fearful. 
Especially Lillian. 
She originally thought that after telling this distinguished man about the disgraceful things Joanna had done, he would be furious and then cast Joanna aside. 
But the development of events was completely different from what she had imagined. 
Not only did this man not believe those words, he told her that even if they were true, he wouldn’t care. 
He would still continue to like Joanna. 
Lillian couldn’t believe that his feelings for Joanna had reached such an extent. 
He would even disregard things like his woman having an abortion for another man. 
It was as if Joanna had given him some kind of love potion. 
Ashton ignored what the two of them said. 
He didn’t even give them an extra glance. 
After his words earlier, he turned around, wrapped his arm around Joanna’s waist, and led her to his car. 
As Lillian and Gretchen tried to approach and explain themselves, Ashton slammed the car door shut with a "bang" and rolled up the window, blocking the two disgusting women out of the car. 
Soon, the Lamborghini sports car drove away from them. 
In less than a minute, it had completely disappeared from their sight. 
Gretchen, pale-faced and recalling the man’s words just now, turned around and angrily blamed Lillian, "I told you to leave, but you insisted on staying. Lillian, you’re going to get both of us killed!" 
Gretchen felt wronged. 
This matter had nothing to do with her at all. 
She had just been standing nearby without saying a word. 
It was all Lillian’s doing. 
But now, because she was with Lillian, that man involved her too. 
It meant she would face the same punishment and consequences as Lillian. 
They were just half a year away from graduation. 
If they were expelled at this time, all their years of study would be gone. 
For a girl who wanted to go down the path of the entertainment industry, youth was crucial.
###Chapter 419: Chapter 421: Don’t you have anything you want to ask me?
The turnover rate of artists in the entertainment industry is quicker than changing clothes. With new faces debuting every day and adolescence fleeting, if missed, it wouldn’t come around again. 
And for students expelled from school, the film crew would hesitate more to hire them later on. 
Gretchen Skerit was becoming angrier as she thought more. In her opinion, she was screwed over by Lillian White. In an instant, the friendly relationship they once shared took a back seat. When interests clashed, faces could turn faster than ever, turning allies into adversaries. 
"What is the meaning of your words, Gretchen Skerit?" 
Lillian failed in her scheme to make Joanna Lawrence suffer, and was in quite the anger. Gretchen’s words were pouring fuel on the fire, enraging her further. 
She also turned around, her fury plain to see. "I’m not the only one who dislikes Joanna Lawrence. Don’t tell me that you don’t want to see her kicked out by that man. I merely did something you wanted to do, too. Don’t pretend to be innocent with me." 
Gretchen fumed. "You made your own bed, don’t drag me into it. I did nothing." 
Gretchen decided that once Joanna Lawrence returned to school, she would go to find her. 
She trusted that, based on their three years as dorm mates, Joanna wouldn’t go too far. 
In any case, the person who truly offended her was Lillian White, not Gretchen Skerit. 
Having thought about it, Gretchen decided there and then to have a clean break with Lillian White, to prevent herself from being implicated by her any further. 
"Lillian White, I suddenly realized that our ideas are very different. It’s not suitable for incompatible people to be friends. From now on, let’s keep our distance." 
Lillian White’s eyes widened, her face a furious grayish-blue "Gretchen Skerit, you just want to sever ties with me now? You think Joanna Lawrence will let you off the hook if you do this? Don’t forget, you were also the one who left a comment cursing her under that post. If I told her about this, do you think you could easily wash your hands of it?" 
"You dare!" 
"Why shouldn’t I? Even if I’m going down, I’ll drag you down with me." 
"Lillian White, you’re fucking despicable. You failed to steal her boyfriend, and now you want others to pay for your stupid actions?" 
It came to the point where the pair, who were once as close as blood sisters, squabbled like sworn enemies, saying all kinds of harsh words. 
* 
In the car. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at Ashton Heath’s cold profile, then let out a soft sigh and said: "Ashton Heath, don’t you have anything you want to ask me?" 
In a gap during waiting for the traffic light. 
The man beside her turned his head to glance at her, and a few seconds later, his voice coldly said, "Hmm, I do." 
"Go ahead." Joanna Lawrence was prepared for it. 
She didn’t believe he wouldn’t be curious about what Lillian White had just mentioned. 
Though he trusted her and wouldn’t doubt if she did those things, at the very least he would ask, right? 
Ashton Heath stared at her with his pitch-black eyes: "What’s the story behind what your roommate said? What’s really going on?" 
Just as he finished asking, worried she might overthink, he tacked on: "I don’t mean to doubt you. I just want to know, what’s the truth behind the alleged forum post? Who’s maliciously trying to frame you?" 
Joanna Lawrence knew he was not the kind of person who would easily believe rumors about others. 
She also knew that he trusted her completely. 
So, she wasn’t worried about Ashton Heath taking Lillian White’s words seriously while Lillian was spreading rumors. 
And he didn’t disappoint her. 
His attitude made Joanna Lawrence feel very at ease. 
The feeling of being trusted unconditionally was really nice.
###Chapter 420: Chapter 422: I’ve Only Ever Teased You
"Are you so sure it’s a rumor?" Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips, looking into his eyes, "What if... it’s true?" 
Ashton Heath was stunned for a moment, and then the sexy thin lips of the man gently hooked up: "If there isn’t even this bit of trust, I am not qualified to be your husband. Besides, Ms. Joanna, I am pursuing you now, so of course, I have to perform well and win your favor." 
"Even if those things are true, they can only represent your past. I like who you are now, so no matter what you’ve experienced in the past, it won’t change my feelings for you." 
Joanna Lawrence had long known that Ashton Heath was very good at flirting. 
When it came to sweet-talking, he had a set of skills. 
Some words that sound cheesy from others would create a heart-pounding sensation when they came from his mouth. 
Like now. 
Joanna Lawrence felt she was being flirted with. 
Even if it was sweet nothings, she was really touched by them. 
She couldn’t help but smile at the corner of her lips: "Mr. Ashton, your flirting skills are getting better and better. Has anyone ever told you that you’re really good at flirting?" 
Flirting with women isn’t difficult, but it’s not simple either. 
If it’s not done well enough, it can be awkward. 
If it’s done too well, it can make people feel that the person has a rich love history and is too frivolous. 
Like Ashton Heath, flirting just right was actually somewhat challenging. 
"No." 
Ashton Heath also gently hooked the corner of his lips and said truthfully: "You are the first." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t quite believe him, raising an eyebrow: "I’m the first one? You’re not lying to me."
"I’m not lying." Ashton Heath looked into the girl’s bright black eyes beside him and said word by word, "I have flirted with only you." 
So she was the first. 
And later, she would also be the last one. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at the man’s deep dark eyes for several seconds, and her heartbeat suddenly accelerated a lot. 
The red light passed, 
Ashton Heath returned his gaze and continued to drive seriously. 
He still remembered what had just happened, pursing his lips and asked Joanna Lawrence again: "You haven’t told me what’s the deal with the forum post." 
"Oh, you mean that?" Joanna Lawrence sorted out her thoughts and then briefly said, "Someone posted on our school’s forum, spreading rumors that I have a chaotic private life, had many boyfriends during my senior high school, even had abortion at the hospital." 
After she finished, she thought for a moment and added another point: "Also stole classmates’ boyfriends, specially hooking up with the affluent offspring." 
"You are the nth affluent offspring I hooked up with after David Benington." 
Her tone was very calm, as if narrating someone else’s story. 
After all, she had already passed the most angry period. 
Ashton Heath’s face darkened, a cold light flashed in his eyes: "Send me the link to the post." 
"Are you going to help me find out who posted it behind the scenes?" 
"Yes." 
"No need." Joanna Lawrence wouldn’t bother him with things she could handle on her own. 
After all, they had just gotten married not long ago, and she had already troubled him with a lot of things. 
Although he didn’t mind and always stood up for her strongly, it didn’t mean she could rely on him to solve everything for her with a clear conscience. 
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow: "Oh?" 
"I can handle this on my own. I’ve already sent the link to Jeremy. He’ll help me find the person behind it."
###Chapter 421: Chapter 423: If There’s A Problem, Find Your Husband
Joanna Lawrence felt that there was no need to trouble him, so she didn’t ask for his help. 
However, Ashton Heath seemed to be dissatisfied with her considerate behavior. 
The man furrowed his brows slightly. After a moment of silence, he said in a deep voice, "So when something like this happened, you didn’t call me right away to tell me about it and let me help you. Instead, you told your brother about it and asked him for help?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "Um..." 
How could she sense a hint of dissatisfaction from Ashton Heath’s tone? 
"Well, I thought there was no need to trouble you with every little thing. You’re already busy and exhausted with your company matters. What happened to me isn’t that big of a deal, so..." 
"So, there’s no need to tell me?" 
"...Yes." 
She did think so. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and went silent for a few seconds: "Your matters are important to me, more important than work." 
Joanna stared in a daze at the man’s handsome face, which was so beautiful it made her heart race. 
"Also, I’ve never considered helping you to be a nuisance." 
Her heart seemed to beat faster and faster... 
Joanna had to press her hand over her heart, fearing that something might jump out of her chest any moment. 
Ah, ah, ah, ah! 
Why was Ashton Heath so good at flirting? 
She really, really...couldn’t stand his relentless bombardment of sweet nothings. 
It was making her dizzy, wasn’t it? 
She felt her heart was pounding so fast, as if it was about to explode. 
Who would believe it? 
A man who appeared so aloof and reserved on the outside could charm someone into submission in mere minutes when he talked about love. 
"Ms. Joanna, please give the man pursuing you a chance to prove himself. Send me the link to the post now. I will help you solve this issue." 
Why should his wife’s matter be dealt with by her brother-in-law? 
He would show her with actions that her husband was the most reliable and trustworthy person by her side. 
He would make her develop the habit of turning to her husband for help whenever she encountered a problem, 
instead of anyone else. 
Ashton Heath thought there was plenty of time for them in the future. No matter what kind of habit it was, they could cultivate it slowly. 
The habit of turning to her husband for help could start right now. 
* 
In the end, Joanna sent the link of the post to Ashton Heath. 
She chose a French House to dine at, considering Ashton Heath’s taste. It was not far from the school, and they arrived in about ten minutes. 
As she got out of the car, 
Ashton Heath brought out his laptop from the car as well. 
Joanna thought that he was busy with work, so she glanced at his laptop and advised, "You don’t need to work during mealtime, do you? Are you really busy today? If that’s the case, you shouldn’t have come to eat with me." 
She wasn’t the kind of woman who needed someone by her side all the time. 
If he was busy with work, he could just tell her. She would understand. 
Plus, she didn’t like both of them sticking together all the time either. 
Even if their relationship was great, they should have their own space. 
In her opinion, her current arrangement of living at school and going to Ashton Heath’s place for two days on weekends was a good way to maintain their relationship. 
Being together under the same roof every day would leave no mystery between them. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips, not saying a word. 
It wasn’t until they entered the restaurant, found their seats, and sat down before he spoke again, "I’m not that busy. I have time to eat with you."
###Chapter 422: Chapter 424: The person who posted it should be from your Lawrence family.
Joanna Lawrence watched as Ashton Heath turned on the computer, pursing her lips, wanting to ask why he still had the computer on at this time if he wasn’t busy. 
In the end, she didn’t say it. 
She felt that being a boss in this day and age was not easy. 
For the boss of a large company like the one Ashton Heath runs, it is not at all relaxing. 
Even eating lunch involves dealing with work matters. 
Since he was so busy, she didn’t want to bother him. After ordering a glass of water, she silently watched him work earnestly. 
The man’s long and fair fingers tapped quickly on the keyboard. The speed was so fast that Joanna Lawrence couldn’t even make out which letters he was pressing. 
Those ten slender and long fingers were like a small electric motor, landing on the keyboard and making a pattering sound. 
A few minutes later. 
The man stopped typing, closed the computer, and put the notebook aside. 
Joanna Lawrence blinked, surprised, "You’re done already?" 
Ashton Heath raised his deep black eyes and gave a "hmm" sound. 
He picked up a glass of lemon water from the desk, took a sip, moistened his throat, and spoke calmly, "I found it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Hmm?" 
"The IP address of the person who spread the rumors about you, I’ve found it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!" 
She widened her eyes, "So, you were just checking that person’s IP, not doing work?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna’s eyes widened a bit more. 
His speed was too fast. 
It seemed that he had found the information in less than five minutes. 
In fact, she didn’t know that in those few minutes, Ashton Heath had not only found the IP address of the person behind the post but also had investigated the IP addresses and a series of registration information of the most active people in the post. 
For someone who had been a hacker, it was a simple task. 
"Who is it?" Joanna Lawrence was surprised for a while before she remembered that this was the most important question at the moment. 
Ashton Heath took another sip of water, "According to the IP address I found, the person who posted should be someone from the Lawrence family." 
"Someone from the Lawrence family?" Joanna looked surprised. 
"Yes." 
Ashton Heath could not possibly be wrong. 
So... the person who posted was indeed someone from the Lawrence family. 
And the only person in the Lawrence family who hated her the most and was most likely to do this was Annie Lawrence. 
Joanna’s face darkened, and she pursed her lips tightly before falling silent for a while. 
She didn’t expect it to be Annie Lawrence. 
She thought it was other girls in her school who couldn’t stand her. 
Speaking of which, Annie Lawrence and she were in the same school, but since Annie Lawrence signed with a brokerage company and moved out of the school, she rarely returned to the school. 
She never thought that Annie, who has been away from school for so long, would still try to smear her on the school forum. 
Ashton Heath waited for her for a while, then asked, "What do you want to do?" 
Joanna clenched her lips, narrowed her eyes, and felt a surge of anger inside her, "Can we give her a taste of her own medicine?" 
She had reached the point where she could no longer tolerate Annie Lawrence. 
She didn’t want to deal with Annie and David Benington, that scumbag couple, and wanted to avoid them as much as possible without getting involved with them again. 
But her unwillingness to deal with them didn’t mean that others felt the same. 
It seemed that Annie Lawrence was not willing to let her off the hook. 
It wouldn’t be enough for Annie until she was in a miserable state. 
Perhaps it was because her current life was not as miserable as Annie Lawrence had expected, but instead quite good. This made Annie Lawrence unhappy and unsatisfied and gave her the idea to bring her down.
###Chapter 423: Chapter 425: I am willing to cooperate with you unconditionally
They aim to tarnish her reputation, to humiliate her in school. 
Besides, Annie Lawrence saw her at the audition that day. Perhaps she knew Joanna had succeeded and wanted to smear her in order to make her lose the role of Female Lead 3. 
All of these were entirely possible. 
Thinking this, the anger in Joanna’s heart grew even stronger. 
It seemed that there were some things she couldn’t avoid just by wishing to. 
No matter how much she tried to avoid them, they were simply unwilling to let her go. 
If she continued like this, always on the defensive, always not knowing how to retaliate after being attacked, then she would no longer deserve to be named Joanna Lawrence. 
She might as well rename herself to Softy Lawrence. 
Joanna was the sort of person who generally didn’t like to cause trouble due to it being bothersome, but once she decided to fight back, she was determined to turn the tables in her favor spectacularly. 
"You can do whatever you want." Ashton Heath’s deep voice contained a touch of indulgence, "Ms. Joanna, I am willing to assist you without any conditions." 
* 
Jeremy’s investigation yielded results quickly as well. 
She was halfway through her meal when Jeremy called her. 
His investigation had concluded that the source of the posts was indeed from the Lawrence family’s residence. 
Over the phone, Jeremy was livid. If not for Joanna’s persuasion, he was ready to storm back to the Lawrence family home to give Annie a beating. 
Eventually, after much pleading, Joanna managed to calm him down. 
After hanging up the phone, her mind wasn’t on the food anymore. She was considering how to retaliate against Annie. 
She was lost in thought for a while, and a pile of food had already gathered on her plate. 
Seeing her still in a daze, Ashton Heath pinched her cheek gently, suggesting softly, "Stop thinking for now, eat first. You can think about other things once you have a full stomach." 
"Oh." 
Joanna picked up her knife and fork, looking down to see her steak had been cut into small pieces. The size of the meat pieces was just right for her to eat in one bite. 
The steak on Ashton Heath’s plate, however, remained a whole piece, untouched. 
Her heart immediately felt warmed, appreciating his thoughtful actions. 
Undeniably, although Ashton Heath appeared to be cold and aloof on the outside, exhibiting a vibe that made him difficult to approach, when he truly wanted to take care of someone or treat someone well, he was overwhelmingly good. 
Unable to think of a course of action in that moment, Joanna eventually gave up pondering and started to enjoy the steak that Ashton Heath had sliced for her. 
* 
After they had eaten, Ashton Heath drove Joanna back to her school. 
Things at his company required his attention, so he didn’t linger around. Before he left, they chatted in the car for a few minutes. 
Joanna had the habit of taking a nap. 
She had two classes in the afternoon scheduled after three o’clock. It wasn’t exactly a rush, so upon reaching her dorm, she went straight to her bedroom to nap. 
After dropping Joanna off, Ashton Heath drove back to the company and took the elevator directly to his floor. 
Upon reaching the 37th floor and stepping out of the elevator, he bumped into Cody Aberton, who was walking towards him. 
Seeing him, Cody Aberton hurried to his side and respectfully said, "President Ashton, Benjamin Lawrence has agreed to mortgage the Lawrence family’s villa to pay off the debts. We can officially process the property transfer tomorrow." 
A smile tugged at the corner of Ashton Heath’s lips: "Very good." 
Just wait until the property transfer is completed, she would have a surprise. 
She would definitely be thrilled. 
With this in mind, a hint of a joyful chuckled spilled from Ashton Heath’s eyes. 
Cody Aberton was taken aback by seeing his boss’s cheerful expression for a moment.
###Chapter 424: #426 This time, let’s see how she can whitewash this.
In his memory, President Ashton rarely smiles. 
Even if he occasionally does, it’s not a smile like the one he has right now. 
At this moment, even he could feel that President Ashton was truly in high spirits. 
It seemed like President Ashton was not quite the same as before since his post-marriage. 
Although the changes were not significant overall, he could feel some real subtle changes. 
If he had to be specific, he probably became more like a living person rather than a cold dormant statue. 
The current President Ashton, is a bit more human-like than before. 
These changes were all brought about by Ms. Joanna. 
It cannot be denied that the power of love is indeed magnificent. 
Even a man of steel like President Ashton could be melted down and twisted around one’s finger. 
Ashton Heath came to the door of the president’s office, suddenly remembered something, stopped, and his eyes narrowed down: "You go and do one more thing." 
"President Ashton, please instruct." 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence woke up, she was unaware that a lot had happened in the more than an hour she was asleep. 
She yawned, just walked out of the bedroom, and saw an excited Aria Rowlett rushing towards her. 
"Baby, baby, have you seen the blog yet?" 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head with a pair of drowsy eyes: "No, what happened again?" 
"I didn’t expect Jeremy to be so efficient." Aria Rowlett said with an approving look, "The person who posted the false rumors about you was caught. The IP address was directly leaked on the forum, not only the person who posted the false information was pulled out, but also those who were very active under that post." 
"Damn, I didn’t expect Gretchen Skerit and Lillian White to be involved." 
"You don’t have any deep hatred with them, but they’ve spread all kinds of false rumors about you. I can’t believe they can be so disgusting." 
"Of course, the most disgusting one is your hypocritical stepsister. Damn, she shamelessly becomes the mistress and snatched your man, now she even falsely defames you, I have never seen such a disgusting woman." 
"Despite you’ve been treating her quite well as a sister, you didn’t take advantages of her when she first entered the Lawrence family. How could she harbor such hatred against you, as if she wants to push you to a dead end." 
Joanna Lawrence said leisurely, "Let me correct, from the moment David Benington couldn’t control his lower body and cheated, he was no longer my man." 
Joanna Lawrence was repulsed by David Benington both physically and psychologically. 
Hearing others lump her together with David Benington, she felt uncomfortable all over. 
"Yes, yes, I was wrong just now, he’s not your man; he’s a dog who can’t control his lower body. Back to the point, Jeremy did a great job this time. The post exposing Annie Lawrence has been shared on the blog." 
"Now, I guess the entire internet knows about the despicable things she did. This time, I want to see how she cleans up her image." 
"She’s positioning herself as a pure actress. It had already been exposed that she hit people in public, and now it’s revealed that she defamed her own sister and intervened in her sister’s love life. Her image is definitely going to collapse. Serves her right, a shameless woman like her deserved to be done." 
Aria Rowlett absolutely despises such a scheming hypocrite. 
Besides, this hypocrite had bullied her best friend, which she absolutely could not tolerate. 
Joanna Lawrence took out her phone and opened the blog. 
She was not as optimistic as Aria Rowlett, thinking that Annie Lawrence would easily fall apart.
###Chapter 425: Chapter 427: Having Photos and the Truth
As a celebrity promoted by Galaxy Agency and the current girlfriend of Galaxy’s CEO, the company would definitely try to clear Annie Lawrence’s name. 
As long as it’s not something that crosses the public’s bottom line, like murder, arson, or getting caught taking drugs, the company can whitewash it. 
All it takes is spending more money. 
Just look at those male celebrities who were exposed for cheating, with solid evidence no less. They’re still doing well now, aren’t they? 
As a rising starlet, Annie Lawrence is a hot topic, and any news about her will attract high levels of public attention. 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence checked her blog, she came across the exposé. 
Someone posted a long article explaining in detail how Annie seduced David Benington to climb her way up, how she relied on the relationship to steal resources from the company’s other artists, and how she spread rumors to smear her own sister’s reputation. 
Moreover, they even included the IP address showing where she posted from. 
This could be considered photographic evidence. 
Once the news came out, the comment section exploded. 
Many people didn’t know that Annie Lawrence had a sister, let alone that the sister had once dated Galaxy’s CEO, David Benington. 
Although many people in the industry knew that David had a former fiancee. 
But only a few knew that the fiancee was the sister of the hot rising starlet, Annie Lawrence. 
Being a third party and destroying another person’s relationship, especially one’s own sister’s relationship with their future brother-in-law, is something that would make people spit upon even in ordinary life. 
Not to mention when such a thing happens to a popular female artist. 
The impact is simply even worse. 
Considering that Annie had been involved in a bad news scandal just a few days ago and now this, many people in the comment section began to doubt her previously clean persona and felt that her real character was actually quite terrible. 
Olivia today is very well-behaved: "Oh my gosh, I didn’t think Annie Lawrence would be such a disgusting person. Not only did she steal her sister’s boyfriend, but she also smeared her sister with fake rumors. Can she even be considered a human being anymore?" 
I’m the Prettiest, I’ll Speak First: "Do people these days still believe that a celebrity’s true character is what you see? Which celebrity would have a bad public image? All you’re fans of are just personas packaged by the brokerage company. I’m not at all surprised that Annie could do such things. I was in the same class as her in senior high school, and hardly any girls in school liked her. The boys, however, were very into her looks and gentleness, so she had more male friends than female ones." 
Annie Is a Little Princess: "To the jerk above who wants to slander my dear Annie, just because you say you’re a classmate doesn’t mean it’s true. I could say I’m your dad, would you believe it?" 
I’m the Prettiest, I’ll Speak First: "@Annie Is a Little Princess, Annie’s brain-dead fan, watch your mouth. Your whole family could die and my dog would still live longer. It’s true that like master, like dog-slave. It’s just a pity that, with all your loyalty in protecting your master, does she even know which dog you are?" 
A Cute Bystander: "As a neutral popcorn eater, I’m not siding with anyone. ively speaking, there’s no smoke without fire. The assault incident had both pictures and videos, and although the company issued a statement later, I still feel it’s not good to take action against a colleague in public. As for being a mistress and stealing her sister’s boyfriend, the truth is still unclear as there’s no solid evidence."
###Chapter 426: Chapter 428: She Probably Wants Your Heartthrob to Kick Me Out
But the rumor-spreading post was traced to an IP address, so isn’t it true? I feel like if Annie Lawrence really did this, her character is definitely awful. 
Annie’s Little Fairy: Hehe, Annie hasn’t been a newcomer who just debuted, and she hasn’t had any negative news during her time in the industry. Just these past few days, one rumor after another has been spreading, who knows if there’s a conspiracy? That IP address looks obviously faked, and yet people believe it. I really pity your intelligence. 
I’m Your Little Sweetheart: That’s right, someone definitely intended to tarnish Annie’s image. We’ve been fans of her for many years, and we know exactly what kind of person she is. You naughty rumormongers can give up, we will never stop supporting her just because of these trivial matters. We’re waiting for Annie to respond, and she’ll definitely give us a satisfying explanation. 
Today is Another Gloomy Day: It’s fine for fans to defend their favorite idol, but don’t turn a blind eye. Those who say the picture is fake, are you serious? It’s clearly not fake, okay? 
To prove that their words were true, the account Today is Another Gloomy Day used professional software to analyze the leaked pictures. 
The results from the analysis confirmed that the leaked IP address picture was real. 
Nevertheless, some of Annie’s die-hard fans still refused to believe it, claiming that even the analysis was fake and photoshopped. 
Someone was deliberately trying to frame their beloved Annie. 
The comment section was basically divided into two factions. 
One faction supported Annie Lawrence. 
The other faction held a skeptical attitude. 
A small portion, possibly sent by rivals, seized the opportunity to fan the flames, adding more accusations against Annie. 
As for Annie Lawrence herself, there was no statement about an hour after the news broke. 
Her studio was also silent. 
It seemed as if Annie hadn’t found out about the incident yet. 
Joanna Lawrence glanced at the comments for a while and then exited the blog. 
She knew there would be fans insisting that the image was fake. 
She locked her phone: "The leaked news about Annie wasn’t released by Jeremy." 
"Huh? Not by Jeremy?" Aria Rowlett was surprised, "Then who was it?" 
"Your heartthrob." 
"He knows about it?" 
"Mhmm, I didn’t plan to tell him at first. But when he came to pick me up, Lillian White and the others mentioned it in front of him. So... " 
"Damn! What do Lillian and the others want?" 
Joanna tilted her head in thought, "They probably want your heartthrob to kick me out." 
Aria: "..." 
Seeing Joanna’s calm expression, Aria frowned, "Joanna, I know you’re kind-hearted and don’t want to be too ruthless. But Lillian and Gretchen Skerit have gone too far. If you don’t teach them a lesson, they’ll only become more brazen." 
Joanna understood this logic. 
She nodded, "I know, don’t worry. I know what to do." 
"Do you really?" Aria was a bit skeptical. 
"I’m not a divine lady." Joanna looked at her expression, finding it a bit amusing, "They’re practically shitting on my head, and I’m supposed to be indifferent. I don’t want to be ruthless, but if they’re pushing me, I’ll let them have their wish." 
As she finished the last sentence, there was a coldness in Joanna’s eyes.
###Chapter 427: Chapter 429: Ms. Joanna is not Pregnant
Aria Rowlett nodded: "That’s good. It’s time to teach them a lesson. And your stepsister..." 
"Let’s wait and see how she responds." Joanna Lawrence narrowed her eyes, not really worried. 
After all, she had Ashton Heath behind her. 
With Ashton Heath helping her deal with this matter, she wasn’t worried at all. 
What she was more interested in now was how Annie Lawrence would respond. 
And how David Benington planned to clear Annie’s name. 
* 
Galaxy Agency. 
CEO’s office. 
David’s assistant reported the news he had just discovered. As soon as he finished speaking, he felt a chill coming straight at him. 
He looked up and saw David sitting in a black leather chair, his face extremely gloomy, surrounded by an air of coldness, with deep shadows in his eyes. 
The assistant was frightened and quickly lowered his head after just one glance. 
Mr. David must be furious. 
He had been with David for four or five years, and as his personal assistant, he naturally knew about many of David’s private affairs. 
For example, he had known early on about David cheating on Joanna Lawrence with Annie Lawrence before they broke up. 
David didn’t hide it from him. 
As a personal assistant, he even helped David buy condoms from the store a few times when David suddenly felt the need. 
Honestly, he hadn’t expected David to break up with Joanna. 
Because he knew that David really loved Joanna and was planning to marry her. 
As for Annie... 
From the beginning, David had just been playing around with her. 
It was just that Annie was a very smart woman who knew she couldn’t rely on feelings to advance, so she managed to get pregnant. 
One could say that the main reason David was with her was because of the child in her belly. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been able to rise through the ranks at all. 
Under such circumstances, it suddenly turned out that the child in her stomach was fake, and she wasn’t pregnant at all. Not to mention Mr. David, even he felt that it was too much. 
If it hadn’t been for that child in the first place, Mr. David would never have needed to break up with the woman he loved. 
Upon hearing the assistant clearly say "not pregnant," David clenched his fists, his anger reaching its peak. 
"Are you sure you checked everything thoroughly?" He raised his pale face, gritting his teeth and asking angrily. 
The assistant replied respectfully, "Yes, it came straight from the doctor who examined Ms. Joanna. He said Ms. Joanna wasn’t pregnant, and those two examination reports belonged to someone else." 
Bang! 
As soon as the assistant finished speaking, David swept everything on his desk to the floor.
After the sound of crashing, the floor was a mess. 
The assistant was startled: "Mr. David, are you, are you okay?" 
"You ask me if I’m okay?!" 
This sentence seemed to trigger David. He looked at the assistant with bloodshot eyes, his facial expression becoming somewhat distorted, growling through gritted teeth, "If you were deceived by a woman like this, how would you feel?" 
The assistant’s face was filled with horror: "Mr. David..." 
"Do you know why I accepted breaking up with Joanna in the first place? If it weren’t for Annie claiming to be pregnant, how could I..." At this point, David’s eyes showed a look of regret and pain. 
He still loved Joanna. 
In fact, he had realized it the moment they broke up. 
It’s just that at that time, he thought he could find a way to get Joanna back.
###Chapter 428: Chapter 430: She Has Been Waiting For Mr. David To Find Her
He thought Joanna Lawrence would never truly leave him. 
But now, was God punishing him in this way, telling him that he had made the wrong choice? 
For the sake of so-called responsibility, he had given up the woman he truly loved.
But from beginning to end, the child had never existed at all. 
Was there anything more ridiculous and sad than this? 
Seeing him regretting, the assistant suddenly realized that Mr. David was still attached to his old flame. 
He still missed Ms. Joanna. 
After thinking for a while, the assistant hesitated and said, "Mr. David, you and Ms. Joanna were only dating, not married. In fact... In fact, it’s not too late for everything now. Initially, you chose Ms. Joanna in order to be responsible for the child. Since the matter about the child is fake, Mr. David doesn’t need to be responsible for Ms. Joanna anymore. And her deception is really outrageous. Even if you break up with her, I don’t think she’d dare say anything." 
Being with David for several years, the assistant had some understanding of his thoughts. 
As soon as he said this, hope and anticipation appeared in David’s eyes. 
"Is it not too late now?" 
Seeing that he had guessed his boss’s thoughts correctly, the assistant immediately nodded: "It’s not too late, not at all." 
"But..." 
David hesitated, thinking of Joanna’s indifference and disgust when facing him. "I hurt her; she might not... forgive me anymore." 
"That’s not true." The assistant was very sure. "Ms. Joanna and Mr. David have had a relationship for ten years. She must still have feelings for Mr. David. As long as Mr. David sincerely apologizes and pleases her, she will definitely forgive you." 
"Maybe she’s been waiting for Mr. David to find her all along." 
David looked at his assistant, his eyes filled with uncertainty. "Is that so? But... she seems to really hate me." 
Why was it that, seeing him, she was so repulsed? 
As if she deeply despised him. 
"It’s definitely like that." The assistant spoke with experience. "I also broke up with my wife once. At that time, she seemed to hate me very much. Women are often insincere in their feelings. What they really think may not match their actions. Mr. David, Ms. Joanna is probably just angry with you. If you want to win her back, just be more patient and coax her. After all, women have soft hearts. Just say some nice words and give her some gifts, and she’ll definitely forgive you." 
After speaking, the assistant took the opportunity to flatter David: "Mr. David, you’re so outstanding. How could you not win back Ms. Joanna?" 
There was a glimmer of light in David’s eyes. 
Yes, he and Joanna had a ten-year relationship. 
How could she lose her feelings for him so easily? 
She must still love him. 
She was just angry with him, so she naturally wouldn’t show him any kindness. 
She was waiting for him to find her, to say nice words and coax her, not because she really didn’t like him anymore. 
As for that man named Ashton Heath... 
He was just a man she had found to make him jealous. 
He knew her. 
She was not a woman who would quickly fall in love with someone else. 
Thinking about a reunion made him a little excited. 
This excitement even overshadowed his anger from before. 
The more he thought about it, the more eager he was. He suddenly stood up and said, "Garret Twain, order 999 roses right now and send them to her school. Oh, and remember to get pink roses; she likes pink the most."
###Chapter 429: Chapter 431: Personally Asking for Her Forgiveness
Garret Twain was taken aback, but then immediately nodded and said, "Yes, Mr. David. Should I sign it with your name?"
David Benington hesitated, "No need for now, she... should know it’s from me. For the next few days, have a bouquet sent to her every day. Once I’ve handled some matters, I will personally go to request her forgiveness." 
Understanding, Garret nodded, "Yes, Mr. David, I will arrange to have the flowers sent immediately." 
The "some matters" David was referring to was likely his break up with Annie Lawrence. 
Garret was somewhat pleased about this development. 
Of the two ladies from the Lawrence family, he had a preference for Ms. Joanna. 
The current woman was not as easy-going as the former one, her attitude towards their staff was not great, and she often displayed a superior attitude towards them as if she was David’s woman. 
She was not yet part of the Benington family, but she already acted as if she was the hostess. 
Garret had long been displeased with her. 
Therefore, when David instructed him to investigate Annie’s pregnancy in the hospital, he took it quite seriously. 
He conducted the investigation meticulously. 
Having accepted his task, Garret turned and walked out of the office. 
Less than a minute after he left, there was another knock on the office door. 
David was holding his phone, hesitating about whether to send a message to Joanna. Hearing the knock, he frowned and looked up, "Come in." 
The door opened and an agent from Galaxy Agency came in. 
"Mr. David." 
The agent entered the office and respectfully greeted David. 
David set his phone down on the desk with a sober expression, "What is it?" 
The agent hesitated before saying, "Ms. Joanna is embroiled in another scandal. Someone posted on a blog claiming she used an alt account to disparage her sister on the Closia Film School forum. They tracked the location of the IP address from that alt account." 
"Moreover, the person revealed that Ms. Joanna intervened in your relationship with her sister, claiming she is the other woman." 
"Now, that post is being widely shared on various blogs. Major news media have also called us for fact-checking. If not managed properly, this could negatively affect Ms. Joanna’s reputation, so I thought I should discuss it with you." 
"Mr. David, about this issue..." 
After all, the revelations in that post also misrepresent David’s situation and character. 
So, they couldn’t just handle it rashly on their own. 
David’s expression instantly darkened, "You’re saying she posted the disparagement against her own sister?" 
Upon hearing his question, the agent was startled. 
She looked puzzled. 
She expected David to inquire about Annie’s well-being first and then immediately think about how it should be handled. 
Unexpectedly, the first thing he inquired about was this matter. 
Although the agent was slightly baffled, she quickly responded, "Yes." 
"Did you see the post yourself?" 
"...Yes." 
"Send me the link immediately," David narrowed his eyes, his voice low and grave. 
The agent didn’t question him, thinking that David wanted to devise a plan after reading the post. She promptly sent him a link to the post exposing Joanna’s scandal. 
* 
As negative news about Annie was causing a major uproar on the blog, she herself was oblivious to it. 
She was currently participating in a live broadcast interview. 
The live broadcast interview was about her daily life. The host would ask some predetermined questions and then select some people from the internet to each ask Annie a question.
###Chapter 430: Chapter 432: Resisting the Wicked Annie Lawrence!
The announcement is in progress. 
The host is smiling and interviewing Annie Lawrence: "Annie, we all know that you are a very gentle and kind person in the eyes of the majority of netizens. But everyone still wants to know if you have a side that is unknown to us in private." 
"Like, there are some aspects that we’ve never seen." 
Since it’s a live interview, Annie can see the barrage of comments from netizens. 
She is holding the topic, with a sweet and pleasant smile on her face, and is answering the host’s questions: "Of course, everyone actually has a side that others don’t know about. Even as a celebrity, you won’t show everything about yourself." 
"For example, I usually show everyone a very optimistic and positive side. However, sometimes, I also experience negative emotions due to certain things, and I become a different person." 
The host pretends to be surprised: "Oh? Annie also has times when she experiences negative emotions?" 
Annie nods: "Of course, even the most optimistic person won’t be happy all the time. Occasionally, there will be unhappy things." 
The host asks: "In such times, how do you adjust yourself?" 
Annie is about to answer, but suddenly sees a comment on the screen: "Is this your reason for being the mistress and stealing your sister’s man?" 
She freezes, and her face changes instantly. 
Seeing her sudden change of expression, the host is momentarily stunned. Following Annie’s gaze to the big screen, her face changes too. 
At the same time. 
Several comments cursing Annie appear on the screen: "Hehe, being the mistress is indeed an unknown side of you." 
Annie, how’s your hypocritical face? You not only snatch other people’s men, but also your sister’s? Disgusting! 
Never seen a more disgusting woman, snatching her sister’s boyfriend as a mistress and then hitting back, slandering and defaming the victim. Simply despicable and shameless to the extreme, I want to vomit. I suggest blocking such an artist with such a low character, don’t let her negatively influence the youngsters. 
Annie Lawrence, get out of the entertainment industry! 
This twisted and black hearted person must be blocked on the entire network! Boycott black hearted Lilly Annie Lawrence! 
All kinds of words cursing Annie keep popping on the screen. 
Everyone present sees it. 
The staff recording the show are also stunned and unable to react. 
Leaving netizens to continue their attacks on Annie. 
Fortunately, the host reacts first. 
She immediately takes out the phone used for live streaming and turns off the barrage of comments from netizens. 
But everyone has already seen those comments. 
Annie’s face is extremely ugly. 
She wants to find her agent and ask what’s going on right away. 
But the live show is still in progress. 
She can’t just leave like that. 
The host’s face shows some difficulty, as this is the first time she has encountered such a situation in her many interviews with artists. 
It’s too embarrassing. 
If it were not a live show, any unexpected situation could be stopped in time. 
But this happened during a live interview and so suddenly that it was impossible to prevent. 
She doesn’t know how many netizens saw those barrages besides them.
###Chapter 431: Chapter 433: The undercover arranged by Joanna Lawrence!
"So, um, cough, next we’re moving on to the fan question segment." The host covered up the embarrassment on her face and acted as if nothing had happened, showing a standard professional smile. "Annie’s fans can ask her any questions, and Annie will personally pick one fan and answer their question." 
"Of course, my dear Angels, please try not to ask inappropriate questions; otherwise, Annie won’t be able to answer them." The host added this line to avoid a repeat of the previous situation. 
After saying this, she smiled at Annie Lawrence and said, "Annie, you can pick a fan from the comments and then answer one of their questions. Are you ready? If you’re ready, we can start."
Annie Lawrence was annoyed by the previous comments and really wasn’t in the mood to continue the live stream. 
Nevertheless, the show wasn’t over yet, and she couldn’t just walk away. 
Even if she was reluctant, she had to go on. 
She took a deep breath, raised her head, feigned indifference, and squeezed out a slightly stiff smile. She gripped her fists tightly, nodding, "Yes, I’m ready." 
"Alright." The host picked up her phone and looked at the comments. When she saw that there were still plenty of nasty messages about Annie Lawrence in the comment section, her smile stiffened, and she hesitated before passing the phone to Annie. "You can choose a fan and answer their question." 
Annie took the phone, opened the comment section, and saw messages like "Annie Lawrence, you heartless bitch, get out of the entertainment industry", "Block Annie Lawrence", "Shameless Annie Lawrence, a home wrecker, stealing her own sister’s man". These comments made her furious, turning her face livid. 
She lowered her eyes, clenched her teeth, and tried her best to suppress her anger. 
She then picked a netizen called "Annie’s Sweet Wife." 
Judging by the netizen’s username, they were undoubtedly her fan. 
No need to worry about any mishaps. 
Annie chose and handed the phone over to the host. 
The host took it and smiled, "Annie has chosen a fan named ’Annie’s Sweet Wife.’ Are you here? You have the opportunity to ask Annie one question, so please leave your question in the comments." 
As the chosen fan, the host would show this user’s comment on the big screen. 
After a few seconds... 
Everyone watching the live stream saw the chosen netizen’s question appear on the big screen. 
Annie’s Sweet Wife: Annie, is it true that you’ve been in an affair with your sister’s husband and have framed your sister Rebecca? Also, I’ve heard you’ve stolen resources from other artists in the company. I’ve been your fan for many years, but if you’ve really done these things, I will unfollow you. 
Annie thought that by choosing one of her own fans to ask a question, there would be no more embarrassing incidents like before. 
But when she saw the question on the screen, she was so angry that she almost vomited blood on the spot. 
She had serious suspicions. 
This so-called "Annie’s Sweet Wife" fan was most likely a fake fan. 
It might even be an undercover agent arranged by Joanna! 
Seeing the question on the screen, the host was also momentarily dumbfounded, then her face turned speechless.
###Chapter 432: Chapter 434: So Angry That His Nose and Mouth Were Crooked
Just as she feared, it happened. 
Even with the barrage turned off, she couldn’t avoid another embarrassing moment. 
Experiencing embarrassment twice in a short period, even the host with excellent control couldn’t hold it together. 
The host’s face was full of embarrassed smiles, and immediately deleted the comment from the fan. 
"Ahem, I just mentioned, that we shouldn’t ask inappropriate questions. This fan obviously broke the rules. So, Annie won’t be answering that question. Next, Annie will..." 
The host intended to have Annie choose another fan. 
But Annie could no longer endure it. 
Under the astonished gaze of the staff on site, she abruptly stood up: "Let’s end today’s live interview here. I’m sorry, but I suddenly have an urgent matter to take care of." 
Without regard for what the others thought, she turned around and left the live streaming room. 
Leaving the host and the staff with bewildered faces, frozen in place. 
* 
After leaving the live streaming room. 
Annie grabbed her assistant, with an icy expression on her face, and asked: "Is there another expose about me on the Blog? What happened?" 
Steve had seen the news earlier. 
But since Annie was in the middle of recording the show, he didn’t have a chance to tell her. 
Seeing Annie’s angry face, he immediately responded: "Annie, someone posted about you on the Blog. That post has been shared by many Entertainment News Official Blogs and influential figures. Amy just told you to go back to the company immediately after the live stream. Oh, I saw a lot of journalists waiting outside the TV station, you must not go through the main entrance later." 
Annie’s face darkened, and she took out her phone to log into her blog account. 
As soon as she logged in, she saw the post Steve mentioned. 
The title of the post was quite eye-catching: Shocking News! Rising starlet Annie Lawrence turns out to be a homewrecker; her current boyfriend was her sister’s fiancé! Siren Joanna not only steals love but also posts rumors to discredit her own sister. She doesn’t just take her sister’s man but also wants to ruin her sister’s reputation! 
Annie’s eyes were squinting with anger after reading the title. 
After reading the content of the post, she almost slammed her phone onto the ground. 
Steve observed her hideous expression and was too scared to even breathe. 
Annie usually had a bad temper, often venting her anger at him. 
Being angry now, she was even more terrifying. 
Steve silently retreated into a quiet corner, trying to make himself invisible, not daring to say another word. 
But Annie still took notice of him. 
Annie turned her head, her anger increased at the sight of the cowering Steve who had a resemblance to her sister Joanna. 
She walked over, and raised her hand as she slapped the girl’s face with full force.
She gritted her teeth and growled: "I hired you to be a background character, why didn’t you tell me sooner!" 
Steve was slapped unexpectedly, and his face immediately swelled. 
His face showed an even more terrified expression, holding the swollen half of his face, his eyes welling up with tears: "I’m sorry, Annie. You were recording the show, and I was afraid it would affect you." 
Of course, Annie knew Steve was innocent. 
But seeing this face that looked somewhat similar to Joanna’s, she felt a surge of anger.
###Chapter 433: Chapter 435: You’re just like that jerk, always pretending.
The more pitiful Steve acted, the more she wanted to vent her frustration on him. 
Joanna Lawrence, that snobbish minx, is always playing the victim to garner men’s pity. 
"You’re afraid it will affect me?" Annie came close to Steve, staring at his pale, delicate face as she tightly pinched his cheeks. "You’re just thrilled at the idea of me going down, don’t think I don’t know how much you’re enjoying this!" she spat venomously. 
Her nails scraped against his flesh, leaving a red mark on his face. 
"Annie, I... I wouldn’t dare," Steve could not fight back, fresh tears streaming down his face from the pain as he trembled in fear. 
"So you say, but I think you dare! Just like Joanna, acting all helpless. There are no men here, who are you playing innocent for? Do you think a man will comfort or pity you? You are crying just to let others know that I am bullying you, isn’t it?" 
"Annie, I... I really didn’t..." 
Steve shook his head frantically, tears falling even harder. 
He was scared of Annie. 
Seeing him made Annie think of Joanna, and it just stoked her anger. She reached out again to pinch him. 
Just then, a staff member walked out. 
He paused in his tracks upon seeing the scene. 
Annie noticed the staff member and paused as well, but quickly replaced her expression. 
The hand that was moving to pinch Steve transformed into wiping his tears. 
She quickly changed from the frightening creature she was seconds ago to the caring elder sister, gently saying: "Steve, stop crying. If you encounter any difficulties, tell me, and I’ll help you solve it." 
"You’ve been with me for many years now. I’ve always considered you as my younger sibling. Please don’t feel embarrassed." 
Something within Steve seemed to freeze. 
When he noticed the TV station staff member watching them, he wiped his tears and said, while biting his lip, "Thank you, Annie. It’s not a big deal, I can handle it." 
Joanna smiled and wiped Steve’s tears, "That’s good. If you can’t handle it, you must tell me." 
"Yeah, I... I will." 
The staff member scratched his head in confusion while witnessing the scene. 
Did he misinterpret the situation? 
Wasn’t Annie not bullying her assistant, but comforting him? 
* 
Annie left through a secure passage arranged by the staff. 
She took the nanny car to Galaxy Agency. 
Many journalists were already waiting at the entrance of Galaxy Agency. 
The company arranged bodyguards to escort her. As soon as her car arrived, the bodyguards were there to protect her. 
The reporters rushed over when they saw her alighting from the car. 
Some had their recorders, others had their mics, and some carried cameras. If it were not for the bodyguards protecting Annie, she would’ve been mobbed by the group of reporters. 
Dozens of journalists tried to break through the bodyguards’ defense, "Annie, can you respond to the revelations about you on the internet? Did you really become someone’s mistress? Is David’s ex-girlfriend really your biological sister?" 
"Annie, I heard that David and your sister were engaged and were on the verge of getting married."
###Chapter 434: Chapter 436: Don’t You Trust Me?
"He just broke up with your sister and then got together with you. Does that mean you really intervened in their relationship?" 
"Did you snatch your sister’s man because you were jealous of her? Because your mom married into the Lawrence family as a concubine, you were jealous that your sister was born from the original marriage, and even more jealous that she had such an outstanding fiance like David Benington, so you thought of stealing her love?" 
The questions from these reporters were sharper than each other. 
In order to get the most explosive news, they didn’t care at all about how Annie Lawrence would feel. 
"Annie Lawrence, according to an informant, since your sister is very beautiful and also a student of the Film and Television Academy, you were afraid that she would become more famous than you after her debut, so you repeatedly interfered with her auditions, causing her to fail. Is this true?" 
"Annie Lawrence..." 
"Annie Lawrence..." 
More than a dozen bodyguards formed a wall of meat, blocking the reporters who tried to rush in. 
They hurriedly protected Annie Lawrence and walked into the Galaxy Agency hall. 
From beginning to end, Annie kept her head down and didn’t say a word, until she entered the hall and quickly went into the elevator. 
As the elevator door closed, she slowly raised her head, her eyes full of gloom. 
* 
"Mr. David, Ms. Joanna is back." 
Garret Twain knocked on the office door and glanced at the man sitting in front of the black desk, whispering. 
As soon as he finished speaking, Annie Lawrence, dressed in a white dress, walked in. 
Seeing this, Garret called out to Ms. Joanna and then turned around and left. 
He gently closed the door as he went out. 
"David..." On the way back, Annie had already learned the ins and outs of the matter. 
Naturally, she had already thought of a strategy. 
She was very clear that David still had feelings for Joanna, and if he found out that she was the one who really posted on the campus forum, he would definitely have an opinion of her. 
In front of David, she had always shown a gentle, well-behaved, kind, and sensible image. 
And that was the side of her that David liked as well. 
If she became a vicious jealous woman in David’s heart, it would definitely affect his feelings for her. 
Therefore, she could not admit to posting the online smear about Joanna. 
Hearing this soft and dependent call, David’s gaze towards Annie was no longer as gentle and affectionate as before. 
Right now, his gaze towards Annie made her feel uneasy. 
Because David’s eyes were cold. 
A coldness he had never shown in front of her before. 
Annie immediately thought of the online post. 
She hurriedly explained, "David, the online exposure is not true. I didn’t smear Joanna on the campus forum. I know it’s hard for you to believe me right now, but I’m really innocent, I can explain everything to you." 
As she spoke, tears streamed down her face. 
"David, I really can explain everything to you. Why are you looking at me with such eyes? Do you... not believe me?" 
In the past, whenever Annie showed this weak and soft side in front of David, he would gently comfort her and coax her. 
But this time, David didn’t do that again. 
He had an indifferent expression. 
His gaze was still cold. 
Seeing Annie crying and whimpering, and then thinking that this was all her pretense, that this damned woman was deceiving him again, David couldn’t help but become furious.
###Chapter 435: Chapter 437: She Feels Very Insecure
Once, he found Annie Lawrence very delicate and in need of cherishing. 
He felt a strong urge to protect her. 
But now, his heart was filled with nothing but disgust and rage. 
The thought of being fooled by such a woman, to the extent of breaking up with the woman he loved for her, filled David Benington with hatred. 
This despicable woman! 
She even tried to deceive him. 
This time, he wouldn’t be fooled again. 
Annie Lawrence saw clearly the cold, piercing hatred in David Benington’s eyes, her heart skipped a beat in fright and she hurriedly said, "David, that IP address is real, it was someone from our Lawrence family who posted it." 
"But, I wasn’t the one who made the post." 
"It was Mom." 
At this critical moment, Annie Lawrence calculated even against her own mother, pushing all the blame onto Rose Liall: "The person who made the post was Mom. She has always disliked Joanna. After we got together, she was always concerned that you would get back together with Joanna. So, she made that post." 
"She thought that once Joanna’s reputation suffered, you would not consider reconciling with her." 
"I have already called to scold her, she knows she was wrong and she said she would never do such a thing again. David, I know this incident has caused some harm to Joanna, if she is still angry, I can go and apologize to her." 
Today, David Benington frightened Annie Lawrence a little. 
Suddenly, she felt a sense of insecurity. 
She faintly felt that David must have found some evidence, so she quickly admitted about the IP address. 
To show her sincerity. 
"Apologize?" David Benington looked at her coldly for a while before finally speaking. 
However, his voice was as indifferent as his gaze. 
"Right, right." Seeing that David Benington was finally willing to engage with her, Annie Lawrence breathed a sigh of relief. She turned to her usual tactics, speaking in a innocent and weak tone, "Even though Mom did it, she ultimately did it for me, so I can’t shirk my responsibility." 
"If this incident has affected Joanna, I would feel extremely guilty." 
"I know Joanna must be very angry, and it’s understandable that she would trace the IP address. But..." Annie Lawrence bit her lip and lamented, "Joanna shouldn’t have had people speak ill of us." 
"She called me a mistress, suggesting that I intervened in your relationship. Isn’t this indirectly calling you a scumbag? David, you should quickly make a clarification on this, or else, netizens will crucify us." 
Firstly, Annie Lawrence admitted her mistake, lowering her stance. 
Next, she complained about Joanna Lawrence. 
She knew that David Benington would definitely take action to resolve this issue. 
After all, it involved his reputation too. 
He cared about his face a lot and would not allow Joanna Lawrence to accuse him of infidelity. 
After she spoke, Annie Lawrence wiped the corner of her eye, waiting for David Benington to soften his attitude and comfort her. 
She waited for a few seconds, but heard no response. 
Curiously, she raised her head. 
Upon meeting David Benington’s cold, almost icy, dark eyes, her heart skipped two beats and the sense of unease and anxiety once again flooded her mind: "David...." 
David Benington was really out of character today. 
On a normal day, he would have already been soothing and comforting her in a tender manner, embracing her and whispering comforting words to her.
###Chapter 436: Chapter 438: Then Why Did You Seduce Me in the First Place?
But today, he remained indifferent. 
She felt a strong uneasiness: "David, what’s wrong with you? Are you still suspecting that I did that? I really didn’t. Joanna is very important to me. How could I do such a thing to her?" 
In the past, whenever Annie put on a pitiful and aggrieved look and shed a few tears, David would easily believe her. 
Because in his heart, Annie was a very gentle, weak, kind-hearted, and fragile woman who needed someone to protect her. 
He was her only support. 
She might deceive others, but not him. 
David had been confident in this for many years. 
But in the end, he found out that he had been a fool for so many years. 
Once the trust in his heart had a crack, he began to suspect other things as well. 
Annie could lie to him about her pregnancy, and about other things too. 
Perhaps she wasn’t as vulnerable as he had imagined. 
What she showed in front of him wasn’t her real side. 
"Is Joanna really that important to you?" David spoke, his voice cold. 
"Yes." Annie immediately said, "I only have one sister. Of course she’s important to me." 
David looked her straight in the eye: "Then why did you seduce me in the first place?" 
"Wh-, what?" Annie was taken aback. 
David narrowed his eyes: "If you hadn’t been so proactive and tried to seduce me over and over again, I would have never thought about being with you. You say Joanna is important to you, yet you secretly seduced her fiance." 
"Are you not afraid that she will be heartbroken if she finds out about this? Cut ties with you?" 
After David realized he’d been deceived, his intelligence gradually kicked in. 
He thought back to the various encounters he had with Annie when they first met and the more he thought about it, the more he felt that he had been schemed against. 
The first time he slept with Annie was on a night when he was completely drunk; she took him home and cared for him all night. 
When he opened his eyes the next day, he saw her lying naked beside him. 
That night, he was so drunk that he couldn’t remember anything. 
At that time, seeing the scene, he thought he’d succumbed to his lust while drunk and slept with his future sister-in-law. 
He felt guilty. 
Later, Annie acted very sensibly and said that she was also drunk that night and everything that happened was consensual, she didn’t want to hurt Joanna, so he should treat it was just a dream and didn’t need to take any responsibility for her. 
The more gentle and understanding Annie appeared, the guiltier he felt. 
And he always wanted to make it up to her. 
Gradually, the two began to have more private interactions. 
Later on, some things began to spiral out of control. 
Now, David seriously doubted whether he and Annie had really had a relationship that first night. 
He was so drunk that night that he didn’t even have the strength to walk; how could he have the energy for that kind of activity. 
His questioning left Annie at a loss. 
She was stunned for a few seconds, suddenly realizing that David was doubting her. 
Annie was genuinely panicked. 
She didn’t expect that a small matter would make David stop trusting her. 
Even began to doubt her. 
Panic flashed in her eyes; she hurriedly stepped forward, reaching out a hand to grab David’s hand: "David, it’s because I loved you so much that I couldn’t help it. You know how much I care about you." 
As her hand reached out, she caught nothing.
###Chapter 437: Chapter 439: How dare you, actually deceiving me!
David Benington withdrew his hand, his eyes filled with mockery and anger. He slapped a cup off the desk to the floor, stood up, and glared at Annie Lawrence with rage-filled eyes. Between clenched teeth, he spat out, "Is your concern for me just a trick with a fake pregnancy?" 
"What fake..." Initially, Annie didn’t understand and tried to defend herself. But after a few seconds, her face suddenly changed, and her eyes widened in shock. 
"David, you..." 
She was too surprised to think straight. 
She was rendered speechless for a moment. 
David’s feelings for her had initially started in bed, mostly physical. 
The reason he broke up with Joanna Lawrence and chose to be with her, even planning to marry her, was all because of the child in her womb. 
Now, the child was gone. 
Fury at being deceived made him feel nothing but disgust and hatred for Annie at this moment.
His face turned icy cold as he stepped forward and grabbed her by the throat, sneering, "You have some nerve lying to me, Annie Lawrence! Do you know the consequences of deceiving me?" 
He always saw himself as a sharp man. 
But he’d been played by the woman beside him. 
He couldn’t bear it. 
"Cough, cough, David... let... let go..." Annie’s throat was being squeezed, her breathing cut off, and her face turned a deep red as she coughed violently. 
She reached out a trembling hand to try and pry David’s grip off her throat. 
Her resistance only further infuriated David. 
David tightened his grasp and hissed, "You wretch! If it wasn’t for you, Joanna and I would never have split up." 
"Cough, cough, let... let me go..." Annie’s pleas grew desperate, her eyes rolling back in pain and fear. 
She struggled, screaming in terror and kicking her legs, one of her knees landing a fierce blow on David’s groin. His face turned white with pain as he released her. 
After a series of crashing noises... 
Annie crashed into a coffee table beside her and fell heavily to the ground. 
As she fell, her stomach hit the ground first. 
Then, she felt a tearing pain. 
With a loud bang... 
An employee outside the office heard the commotion and rushed in. 
Entering the office, they saw Annie lying on the floor and David, pale-faced and clutching his groin. The worker froze in shock. 
After a few seconds, the employee came to their senses and hurried to David, asking, "Mr. David, are you alright...?" 
Oh my god. 
Had Mr. David been fighting with Ms. Joanna? 
And it appeared to have been quite a fierce fight. 
The employee was utterly shocked. 
Because everyone in the Galaxy Agency knew that David and Annie had a good relationship, and he treated her very well. 
It was hard to imagine him even raising his voice at her, let alone fighting with her. 
David was angry and embarrassed, not wanting his employees to see such a humiliating scene. He bellowed at the approaching workers, "I didn’t tell you to come in! Get out!" 
The employee was startled. 
Facing David’s angry, bloodshot eyes, they quickly turned around and headed for the door. 
After taking a few steps, the employee suddenly widened their eyes, their gaze falling on the collapsed Annie on the ground. They cried out in fear and trembling, "Ms. Joanna... what’s wrong with you?" 
David could tell from his tone that something was wrong. Suppressing his pain and anger, he slowly turned his head. 
At once, his face changed dramatically.
###Chapter 438: Chapter 440: Could it be that you haven’t thought of a response plan yet?
All they could see was Annie Lawrence coiled into a ball, her face filled with pain. Her hand clutched her belly, and her pristine white dress was dotted with spots of blood. 
She raised her head, tear-filled eyes looking at David Benington, crying out in pain: "David, it hurts, my stomach hurts so much." 
Beneath her, more and more blood was pooling. 
The stark red was a horrifying sight. 
David Benington paused for a few seconds; something crossed his mind, making his face darken again. 
"Annie Lawrence, do you think I’d believe you now after everything?" There was only disgust in David’s eyes. "You never change, even now, you’re still trying to play out a drama in front of me." 
Cold sweat broke out on Annie Lawrence’s forehead, her face was pale as a sheet. She reached out to grab David’s trouser leg, trembling as she said, "David, I, I’m not lying. My stomach really... hurts so much." 
Employees who saw the blood beneath her and her face, pale almost to the point of bloodlessness, hesitated before saying in a low voice: "Mr... Mr. David, it really seems like Ms. Lawrence is unwell." 
"David, help... help me..." 
In excruciating pain, Annie Lawrence’s voice grew weaker and weaker. After saying this, her head tilted to one side and she passed out from the pain. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence had thought that Galaxy Agency would quickly deploy a public relations team to clean up Annie’s image. 
After the last incident, Galaxy Agency’s public relations team responded very quickly. In less than half a day, they turned Annie Lawrence from a despicable woman who beat others in public to a helpless victim. 
If Galaxy Agency wanted to clear her name, they definitely had the means. 
However, what she didn’t expect was even after the news went viral for several hours, there was no movement from Galaxy Agency’s side. 
Galaxy Agency’s official Blog, her career account, and even her studio had all maintained a steady silence. 
It was as though they hadn’t seen the news at all. 
But that was impossible. 
The moment the news broke, journalists flocked to Galaxy Agency. 
And surely someone would have informed them. 
So, both Galaxy Agency and Annie Lawrence must have been informed about the matter. 
However... 
The way Galaxy Agency was responding was quite baffling. 
Aria Rowlett was genuinely surprised: "Jo, what do you think is going on with Annie? It’s been so long and there has been no response from her side. She can’t possibly be planning to ignore this entire scandal until it blows over, can she?" 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head: "Not likely." 
She rationalized, "If she doesn’t make a clarification, it would mean that she’s admitting to the claims. This wouldn’t benefit her in any way." 
"Then, what’s really happening?" Aria Rowlett was puzzled, "Could it be that they are yet to figure out a counter strategy?" 
"That could be..." 
Joanna Lawrence checked the blog. It was almost three hours since the news broke. 
Under normal circumstances, when there’s a scandal involving popular celebrities, the brokerage company would usually devise a strategy as soon as possible. 
After all, the longer they drag, the more attention the news would garner. 
Not just them, a lot of netizens were also puzzled. 
Annie Lawrence’s fans were leaving messages under her latest blog post. 
Annie’s Baby: Annie, is what they are saying in the news true? Why aren’t you saying anything to explain?
Annie’s fans: Annie, if you haven’t done anything wrong, please come out and clarify. If you keep silent, your fans will start speculating. The person who exposed you has hired online trolls to spread rumors everywhere. Many people who do not know the truth will start believing the post. If this goes on, things will only get worse.
###Chapter 439: Chapter 441 No Reaction
WeLoveAnnie: Yeah, Joanna, can you see our messages? Please come out and make a clarification. I’m so anxious about this." 
Some popcorn eaters saw those comments and replied to the fans: "Your Annie isn’t unaware of your messages, she’s just playing dead. I was skeptical about this whole thing, but now it seems like there’s an 80% chance it’s true." 
Fans immediately responded to them: "Where’s your solid evidence? You have no proof, and you just slander our Annie!" 
Passerby mocked: "You fans love being blindfolded, and there’s nothing I can do about it. What about the solid evidence? Isn’t it right in front of you, and you just don’t have the eyes to see it?" 
Fans replied: "You mean those Photoshopped pictures? That’s not solid evidence." 
Passerby laughed: "Experts have already analyzed that they’re not Photoshopped, and people like you are still talking about it. You fools, keep deceiving yourself, but don’t cry when the truth slaps you in the face." 
The Blog was abuzz with discussions. 
The topic #AnnieLawrenceHomeWrecker soon made it to the hot search, with several hundred million views. 
Usually, at this time, the brokerage company would spend money to remove it from the hot search. 
But Galaxy Agency remained quiet as a church, with no response at all. 
* 
After Joanna finished her class, several girls ran up to her, their faces full of gossip, asking her: "Joanna Lawrence, is Annie really your sister?" 
Annie was also a student at Closia Film School. 
Since signing with a brokerage company and starring in a popular web series in her freshman year, she’s now an A-list popular rising star, making her quite famous in school. 
Everyone knew her. 
However, few people knew that she and Joanna were sisters. 
Aside from Aria Rowlett, Joanna never mentioned it to anyone else. 
Annie also never mentioned Joanna in front of others. 
Back when Annie still lived in school, they would pass each other without exchanging a greeting. 
No one would think that they, who lived like strangers, were actually half-sisters. 
Joanna looked at the unfamiliar faces and frowned. 
She felt a bit repelled and displeased by this kind of behavior, which had now even reached her in person. 
However, she didn’t want to show her displeasure outright. 
After a few seconds of silence, she said softly: "Yes." 
The girls excitedly exclaimed, then asked, "Is the rumor on the internet true? Did she really... steal your boyfriend?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Didn’t these people know how to read faces? 
Did she look like she was willing to answer their questions? 
Just because she didn’t refuse outright, they believed that she was willing to answer? 
She reached out and rubbed her temples: "I’m sorry, but can you move aside? I’d like to go to the restroom." 
However, these girls obviously didn’t know how to read people’s expressions. 
The girls stood in front of Joanna, blocking her way: "We’re all classmates here. Just tell us. Annie hasn’t responded to the rumors yet. Is it because it’s true, and she’s too afraid to come out and say something?" 
"Yeah, if it’s true, then you’re the victim here. You tell us, and we’ll help you bash her online." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Hey, what’s wrong with you guys?" 
Just when Joanna didn’t know how to deal with the girls, Aria Rowlett walked over and stood in front of her protectively: "Can’t you see that Joanna doesn’t want to answer your questions? You guys have no self-awareness."
###Chapter 440: Chapter 442: Actually Doing Such Things Behind The Scenes
"If you want to know something, look it up online." 
Several people showed dissatisfaction on their faces: "The person is right here, why should we look it up online? It’s not some unspeakable secret, what’s so difficult about saying it?" 
"Exactly, she only needs to answer yes or no. It’s such a simple matter." 
Aria Rowlett rolled her eyes at them, "Sorry, my baby has no obligation to satisfy your curiosity. Please step aside and don’t block the way." 
"Humph, if you won’t say it, then don’t. I used to pity you, but now it seems that your fiance probably strayed to your sister because of your unlikable personality."
"So as I was saying, what’s the use of having a beautiful face? If the personality isn’t likable, men will still kick you to the curb." 
"Speaking of which, both sisters share the same last name, yet the younger sister is now not only a famous star but also has a wealthy and powerful boyfriend. As the older sister, you can’t even be counted as a D-list celebrity, and you were dumped by your fiance, who you’ve known for so many years. What a failure in life." 
They all thought Joanna Lawrence was too arrogant. 
They felt like they couldn’t save face. 
They couldn’t help but ridicule her. 
Aria’s face changed at the sound of their words, and she waved her fist, "Are you not going to move? I won’t be polite then. Who says my baby is a failure? The man she’s with now is ten thousand times better than that scumbag David Benington." 
"All of you who are making sarcastic remarks here, remember when your own men stray, to reflect on yourselves. See if it’s your unlikable personality, or your face not pretty enough, your chest not big enough, or your butt not perky enough." 
"Even if my baby has an unlikable personality, she’s still beautiful, and outstanding men love her. As for you all..." she looked the girls up and down, disdain in her eyes, "not only is your personality unlikable, you’re also not as beautiful as my baby. So, the chances of you being dumped by a man are quite high." 
Aria had a sharp tongue. 
When she berated people, she could make thin-skinned girls cry on the spot. 
The several girls’ faces darkened at her words, and they were about to respond when they heard a feeble sob behind them, "Joanna, I’m sorry. Gretchen and I both know we were wrong. Please forgive us for the sake of our three years as roommates." 
Seeing Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit coming to apologize to Joanna Lawrence, many students who were about to leave the classroom stopped and turned their heads to look at them. 
Now, many people knew that Lillian and Gretchen had registered alt accounts and had been slandering and defaming Joanna Lawrence in posts. 
Everyone felt disgusted by this kind of two-faced behavior. 
Previously, it was Joanna who was pointed at and gossiped about wherever she went. 
Now it was Lillian and Gretchen’s turn. 
Many people pointed at them and commented, "I really can’t tell. They usually seem to have good personal ethics, yet they did such a thing behind people’s backs." 
"It’s terrifying. Imagine if I had roommates like that, how unlucky would I be? It’s a good thing that someone exposed their IP addresses this time. Otherwise, Joanna Lawrence’s reputation would have been ruined by them." 
"I heard that Joanna’s boyfriend came to pick her up at noon today, and Lillian even ran to badmouth her in front of him. In the end, she got a slap in the face." 
"Wow, is Lillian really that disgusting?" 
Hearing the whispers around them, Lillian bit her lip, a hint of gloom flashing in her eyes.
###Chapter 441: Chapter 443: What do we need to do for you to forgive us?
But when she raised her head, there was a sincere look of remorse in her eyes. Her eyes red, she said, "I’m really sorry. Please give us a chance to make amends." 
Just now, the principal had talked to them and scolded them severely. 
He said they had gotten the school into a lot of trouble. 
They had offended a very important person. 
Now, this important person was very angry and demanded the school to punish them. 
"Apologize to Joanna Lawrence immediately. If she forgives you, it will be fine. If not, the school can’t protect you, and you’ll have to fend for yourselves." 
Recalling the principal’s words, Lillian White’s face changed, and she clenched her fists. 
Even if she was unwilling, she had no choice but to bow her head. 
At this moment, the more humble her attitude, the more intense her resentment in her heart. 
"Joanna, I’m sorry. I and Lillian were just momentarily confused and... We won’t dare to do it again in the future." Gretchen Skerit also apologized, "Please, considering our three years of friendship, forgive us just this once." 
Upon hearing their apology, the surrounding people turned their eyes to Joanna. 
They wondered how she would respond. 
Aria Rowlett also turned her head to look at Joanna. 
Under the gaze of the classroom, Joanna was silent for a while before speaking in a cold tone, "If apologies were useful, then what’s the point of having police? If you really cared about our three years of friendship, you wouldn’t have done this. Since you’ve done it, it means you don’t care in your heart." 
"Then why should I care?" she looked at their pale faces, pursed her lips, and continued coldly, "I’ve already said at lunchtime, from now on, we’re strangers. Sorry, I can’t forgive you." 
The onlookers didn’t expect her to answer like this. 
They thought that, in front of so many people, even if she was unwilling, she wouldn’t say it outright. 
So when they heard Joanna’s response, they were all a bit surprised. 
But no one thought she was overreacting. 
After all, this kind of situation would be unbearable for anyone. 
On the contrary, if Joanna were to just forgive them so easily, it would be hard for people to accept.
Lillian’s face suddenly didn’t look good anymore. 
She probably didn’t expect that after all her groveling, Joanna would still not give her any face. 
She made her lose face in public. 
She wanted to leave angrily just like that. 
But remembering the principal’s words, she could only suppress her anger. 
Compared to being expelled, the current situation was not that bad. 
Anyhow, they couldn’t be expelled. 
"Joanna, I know you’re very angry now, and we did do some outrageous things. It’s normal for you not to want to forgive us. But we really understand our mistake. Tell us, what do we have to do for you to forgive us? As long as you forgive us, we’ll do anything." 
Gretchen nodded hurriedly, "Yeah, yeah. What do we have to do for you to forgive us? Just say it, and we’ll do it right away." 
At this moment. 
Gretchen was also furious. 
There were so many people around, and they all saw her and Lillian apologizing to Joanna. 
Joanna’s attitude was still so cold. 
She simply didn’t care about what they were saying. 
They had lost all their dignity. 
But as angry as they were, they couldn’t just leave like that.
###Chapter 442: Chapter 444: What More Do You Want?
If Joanna refused to forgive them, they would face the possibility of being expelled. Losing some face was nothing compared to being expelled. 
Joanna still looked at them with cold eyes, showing no sympathy, and spoke in a cold tone without any room for negotiation: "I’m sorry, but no matter what you do, I will not forgive you." 
How could she not see that Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit were not really repentant at all? 
Although she still didn’t know why the two of them came to apologize to her, it was definitely not voluntary. 
They didn’t think they had really done anything wrong. 
They appeared sincere in apologizing to her on the surface, but who knows what they really thought of her in their hearts. 
If it weren’t for their fake accounts being exposed, Joanna would never have believed that the nasty comments on the forum were actually from them. 
They had called her a "siren" and a "slut," so if she chose to forgive them, she would be humiliating herself. 
"Did you hear that?" Aria Rowlett looked at the dumbfounded faces of Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit, frowning, "My baby Joanna will not forgive you, so you can leave now. I don’t know where you got the nerve to do something so shameless and then have the audacity to beg for forgiveness." 
"Joanna is so tolerant, if it were me, I would have beaten you to death." 
People around them also started discussing. 
"Yeah, I can’t believe they have the nerve to come over. If it were me, I would have beaten them up." 
"Me too, so despicable!" 
"Haha, if it were me, I’d beat them up every time I saw them."
"If these scumbags were in my hands, they wouldn’t live past tomorrow." 
Lillian White and Gretchen Skerit listened to the surrounding discussions, their faces turning from pale to green, then from green to white. 
Seeing Joanna’s cold and indifferent face, they felt chilled to the bone. 
They realized that. 
No matter what they said or did today, Joanna would not forgive them. 
The two of them had been submissive before, just so they could stay in school. 
Now that there was no hope, their attitudes changed abruptly. 
Lillian White’s face sank, her tone turning cold: "Joanna, will you really not give us a chance? Do you really... want to be so ruthless?" 
Joanna didn’t know that the principal had talked to them. 
Naturally, she didn’t know about the expulsion either. 
She raised her eyebrows, feeling baffled: "The ones being ruthless are you, not me." 
"Joanna, don’t pretend like you know nothing." Lillian White clenched her lips, glaring at her like an enemy, her eyes filled with hatred, making people around her feel uneasy. 
"Yes, Gretchen and I have done something to hurt you. But haven’t we already apologized to you in public? What more do you want? Even if we were wrong, does it mean you’re right to drive us out and kill us?" 
"We are six roommates in a dormitory. Do you want to drive each one of us out of the school to be satisfied? From now on, anyone who displeases you, can you let your sugar daddy kick them out of the school?" 
"How can you treat your classmates and roommates like this? Don’t you think you are evil?" 
Joanna thought she had heard wrong. 
She was evil? 
She didn’t know how Lillian had the nerve to say those words out loud. 
A person who had been hostile to her both openly and secretly, and even spread rumors and slandered her, actually called her evil.
###Chapter 443: Chapter 445: She Just Wants to Kill Us
It was like a joke. 
Gretchen Skerit’s eyes were red, her emotions not as angry as Lillian White’s, but her attitude was no longer as good as before: "Joanna, we have only half a year left until graduation, and we really don’t want to drop out. If we drop out at this time, it will have a huge impact on us." 
"Due to some misunderstandings, Lillian and I had opinions about you. So when we saw that post, we couldn’t help but say some bad words. We were wrong in this matter, and we are willing to admit our mistakes. We are also willing to take the relevant consequences." 
"But isn’t dropping out a bit too much?" 
As soon as she finished speaking, there were murmurs around her. 
"Drop out?" 
"Are Gretchen Skerit and Lillian White dropping out?" 
"Isn’t that the same as Moon Broadley before?" 
"Wow, I am suddenly curious about what kind of background Joanna Lawrence’s new boyfriend has. He seems amazing." 
"I’m curious too! I saw him once, he was super handsome, and his clothes and appearance looked very rich. I guess he might also be an affluent offspring with a powerful family background." 
"Don’t you think that man really spoils Joanna? Every time something happens, he helps her out. And every time he takes action, it’s like an overbearing CEO mode. He is indeed someone else’s boyfriend, I’m so envious." 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback. 
Her eyes showed surprise, and she seemed taken off guard: "Drop out? Why would you drop out?" 
Gretchen blinked: "You don’t know?" 
Lillian sneered: "How could she not know? She made this request."
Gretchen looked at Joanna Lawrence’s reaction at the moment and felt that it was not an act. 
A glimmer of hope emerged in her heart. 
If Joanna didn’t know about this, it meant that she did not ask the school to do this. 
Then they might still have a chance. 
She took a step forward: "Joanna, this is not your intention, right? Can you help us and say a few words? If you can make sure we don’t drop out, no matter what you ask us to do, we are willing." 
Johanna Lawrence was stunned for a few seconds and slowly reacted. 
No wonder Gretchen Skerit and Lillian White rushed over so anxiously. 
That’s what happened. 
She remembered Ashton Heath saying that he would help her handle this matter. 
Since this wasn’t her idea, it must have been Ashton’s. 
She didn’t have any feelings of friendship towards Gretchen and Lillian anymore. In the future, she didn’t want to have any connection with these two, but when she heard about dropping out, she still felt the punishment was a bit too much. 
She planned to ask Ashton Heath about it later. 
During the silence, she heard Lillian White mockingly say: "Gretchen, don’t beg her anymore. She just wants to screw us over. You’re so naive. Do you really think she doesn’t know about this? Let’s go, we don’t need to beg her anymore." 
"I will expose this! I want people to know that she abused her power to deal with her classmates, forcing those who shared a dormitory with her to drop out one by one. I don’t believe her powerful backing can do whatever they want!" 
"Why drop out? Just because we said a few bad words about her? Others started it first. Who knows if those things are true? So what if we swore a few words without knowing?" 
"If everyone had to drop out of school for swearing, no one would need to stay in school."
###Chapter 444: Chapter 446: Didn’t He Just Deliver It at Noon?
"Joanna Lawrence, don’t be so smug. We’ll see!" 
After gritting her teeth, Lillian White turned around angrily and left. 
"Joanna Lawrence, do you really want to make things so absolute?" After seeing Lillian leave, Gretchen Skerit also left the classroom after dropping this sentence. 
The students around, seeing no more excitement to watch, also dispersed one after another. 
For a moment, the area that had been packed like sardines finally emptied. 
Joanna frowned and stood there for a while before slowly walking out. 
"Damn, I really want to beat up Lillian White! She’s too arrogant, saying she’s going to expose you. Is her brain not working right?" Aria Rowlett walked out with Joanna, holding her hand and venting angrily. 
Joanna smiled, "Let her go if she wants. I haven’t done anything wrong to be afraid of her." 
"I just think she’s so shameless." 
The two left the classroom. 
Still grumbling, Aria Rowlett said, "I think she should just drop out. I don’t want to go to the same school and major with such a disgusting person. If she doesn’t drop out, won’t we see her all the time in the future?" 
"Just thinking about it makes me nauseous." 
Aria seemed to hate them even more than Joanna. 
Talking about it was endless. 
Joanna listened to her complaints for a while and then smiled a little helplessly, "They are pretty hateful, and I don’t plan on forgiving them. But dropping out isn’t necessary, is it?" 
As soon as she finished speaking, Aria glared at her, "Joanna, you’re not thinking of being a divine lady, are you?" 
Joanna: "...I don’t have that kind of idea." 
"That’s good." Aria glared at her again, "You better not have too much of a divine lady’s heart. Think about how they treated you, and if they weren’t caught and possibly facing expulsion, do you think they would come to apologize to you?" 
"Didn’t you see Lillian wasn’t sincere at all?" 
"For people like them, a moment of soft-heartedness won’t be rewarded with any gratitude." 
"Maybe they’ll be even more resentful of you in their hearts and take revenge on you when they get the chance." 
"Since no matter what you do, they won’t be grateful, you might as well be the bad guy all the way." 
Joanna fell silent for a moment: "I know, but I don’t think Gretchen is that terrible." 
Among the people who left comments defaming and slandering her in the post, Lillian was the main culprit. 
Gretchen was also involved, but she didn’t go too far. 
"Gretchen may be a little better than Lillian. You can reconsider her case. As for Lillian, I don’t think it’s necessary." 
As the two chatted for a while, Joanna’s cell phone rang. 
She took it out and saw an unfamiliar number. After answering, a man’s voice came through from the other side: "Excuse me, is this Miss Joanna Lawrence?" 
"I am, and you are...?" 
"I am a clerk at Eternal Love Florist. Someone ordered flowers to be delivered to you. Please tell me where you are, and I’ll deliver the flowers." 
After a while, 
Joanna hung up the phone. 
She rubbed her forehead, feeling a little helpless. 
Why did Ashton Heath send her flowers again? 
Didn’t he just send them at noon? 
Although she quite liked them, sending them several times in one day seemed like a waste.
Those flowers couldn’t be eaten or used. With his rate of sending, her room would soon be too full to fit them all. 
"What happened? Who called?" Aria curiously asked.
###Chapter 445: Chapter 447: When my heartthrob takes action, it’s indeed different.
"Florist." 
"Did the heartthrob send you flowers?" 
"...Yeah." 
"Wow, the heartthrob is so romantic." Aria Rowlett said enviously, "I thought men like him wouldn’t send flowers to women." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Is sending flowers romantic? 
However, when she first received flowers from Ashton Heath, her reaction was the same as Aria’s. 
She thought that sending women flowers was not something Ashton Heath would do. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence told the florist her dormitory address; and when she and Aria Rowlett had just arrived at the dormitory building, they saw a group of girls huddled together, like they were watching something. 
From time to time in the crowd, there were exclamations. 
"What are they looking at? Why are there so many people gathered there?" Aria, who enjoyed a bit of excitement, immediately dragged Joanna over and said with a grin, "Baby, let’s go take a look." 
The two walked closer. 
When they saw several men in work clothes and a huge bunch of pink roses in the center of the crowd, Aria’s eyes couldn’t help but light up. 
"Wow, Baby, are these flowers sent by your heartthrob?" 
Aria was so envious that her eyes almost popped out, and she excitedly said, "This bunch of flowers is so big. My heartthrob’s move is indeed extraordinary. And he sent your favorite pink roses. The heartthrob knows you well." 
Joanna looked blankly at the eye-catching pink roses, but there was no joy on her face, instead, her brows furrowed slightly. 
It seemed that she hadn’t told Ashton that she liked pink roses. 
So, these past two days, he had been sending her red roses. 
Other than Aria, among the opposite sex, only Jeremy Lawrence and David Benington knew that she liked pink roses. 
The flowers definitely wouldn’t have been sent by Jeremy. 
But... it was absolutely impossible for them to be sent by David. 
Now, David was Annie Lawrence’s boyfriend. How could he send flowers to her? 
So who was it? 
Or was it that Ashton learned about it from Jeremy in the afternoon, and then changed to send her pink roses? 
Just as she was puzzled, her phone rang again. 
She saw a staff member in the crowd holding a phone and making a call, so she hung up and walked through the enthusiastic crowd. 
"Hello, I’m Joanna Lawrence. Were you just calling me?" Joanna walked into the crowd and immediately became the focus of everyone’s attention. 
The staff member looked at her for a moment, stunned for a few seconds, and a trace of awe appeared in his eyes. 
No wonder men were willing to spend so much effort and money to pursue her; this girl was really beautiful. 
This was the Film Academy. 
Clearly, it was not lacking in beauties. 
But this fair-skinned and delicate girl in front of him was definitely eye-catching. 
As soon as she appeared, the so-called beauties around her seemed like mere foils. 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna. These flowers were sent by a guest for you. Please sign here." The florist worker was taken aback for a few seconds and then, blushing, handed her a form and a pen. 
Immediately, there was a lively buzz of conversation around them. 
"Wow, so these flowers were actually for Joanna Lawrence." 
"Were they sent by her boyfriend? At noon, I saw her boyfriend pick her up and give her a bouquet of flowers. Now, he’s sending flowers again? And such a huge bunch? I just asked the florist worker, and he said there are 999 roses. It’s so great to have money; it’s like they’re sending flowers just for fun." 
"Such a big bunch of flowers must cost a lot."
###Chapter 446: Chapter 448: It Seems Like President Ashton is Angry
"Those who can afford a Lamborghini would hardly care about this small amount of money. They could afford to send gifts daily." 
"Wow, so envious of Joanna Lawrence. Her boyfriend is both handsome and rich, and he treats her so well. It’s like she saved the Milky Way in her past life." 
"I think she must have saved the universe." 
"I saw a post before and thought that she was the type to cling to the rich and powerful and kick her ex-boyfriend aside when she sees a richer man. But it turns out that her ex-boyfriend betrayed her and even got together with her sister. Damn it! Such a man is just disgusting. It’s good that her current boyfriend is handsome and rich, not at all inferior to her ex-boyfriend." 
"He is way better than her ex-boyfriend, okay? Let alone the other aspects, just his face and body totally outshines her ex. Seriously, he’s the best-looking man among all the men I’ve ever met. If he debuts as a star, a lot of young idols would be out of work." 
Around the envious stares of the crowd, Joanna Lawrence signed the bill. 
A few staff members carried up 999 roses to the upper floor. 
The big bouquet of flowers took up a considerable space in the already not very large living room. 
The fragrance of flowers was everywhere: in the living room, bedroom, kitchen, every corner was filled with the strong scent of roses. 
Aria Rowlett circled around the flowers and said anxiously, "Baby, how are we going to deal with these flowers? We can’t fit them in all the vases at home. In a few days, these roses will wilt. It would be a waste to throw them away." 
Joanna Lawrence absent-mindedly said, "Give them away, or sell them." 
Aria Rowlett: "...Sell them? Are you serious? These are the flowers that your heartthrob gave you." 
"Then give them away." 
"Give them away? To whom?" 
"Anyone can have them. There are so many people in school. If everyone gets a bit, we should be able to give them all away, right?" 
"..." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at the large bunch of soft pink roses, thought for a while, took out her mobile phone and sent a message to Ashton Heath. 
* 
When Ashton Heath received the message from Joanna Lawrence, he was in a meeting. 
The phone went "buzz." He immediately picked it up. 
Before, he would not check his phone during meetings. 
But now, if his phone made even a slight sound, he would check it immediately. 
As he checked his phone, the senior executives underneath were covertly watching him. 
They saw President Ashton who just a second ago had an expressionless face, but in the next second, his brow furrowed deeply. Immediately afterward, his face darkened as well. 
The executives’ hearts skipped a beat, and they all became nervous. 
Who sent President Ashton the message? What happened to him? 
Cody Aberton, sitting next to Ashton Heath, also curiously glanced at him. 
Seeing Ashton Heath’s gradually darkening face, he felt a tightening in his chest and became anxious. 
It looks like President Ashton is angry. 
Who sent him the message that made him so angry all of a sudden? 
Ashton Heath pressed his lips together, stared at his phone with a grim face for a while, then tossed the phone onto the table. 
The meeting continued. 
Because they sensed his bad mood, the executives were tense and edgy while reporting their work. Even their voices were shaky since they were afraid that Boss would vent his anger on them because he was upset. 
This Boss may look young and tender, but when it comes to managing his staff, he is much more strict than President Ashton in the past. 
Among them, the old-timers, no one dares to defy him.
###Chapter 447: Chapter 449: Someone actually wants to pry under President Ashton’s wings?!
In the beginning, they were not afraid, thinking he was someone without much capability, merely sitting in the president’s position with the backing of his family connections. 
Until later... 
After this person with connections had disciplined them brutally a few times, no one dared to take him lightly anymore. 
Twenty minutes later, the meeting ended. 
Ashton Heath stood up, his face somber as he left the Conference Room. 
As soon as he left, all the people still sitting in the Conference Room let out a sigh of relief. 
Feeling that the oppressive atmosphere that made it hard for them to breathe had finally disappeared. 
* 
Back in the office. 
Cody Aberton placed the neatly organized content from the meeting on the desk. Just as he was about to turn around and leave, Ashton stopped him. 
"President Ashton?" 
He turned around, his hands clasped together, standing respectfully, his head down waiting for the Boss to give instructions. 
Ashton Heath sat down with a somber face, clicked open the message that Joanna Lawrence had just sent him, and after seeing the words on it, his face darkened even more. 
He looked up at Cody Aberton and said in a deep voice, "I have a meeting later and I can’t get away. You go to the school for me." 
After a brief pause, he continued, "You need to find something out." 
"President Ashton, what are you referring to?" 
"Someone sent Joanna 999 roses. Find out who sent them. And then investigate that person’s information and report back to me when you return." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
So, the reason why President Ashton suddenly changed his face and his mood plummeted just now was because of this matter? 
Someone actually wanted to dig at President Ashton’s corner?! 
Right now, Cody Aberton was extremely curious and wanted to find out immediately who this daring person was that wanted to dig at President Ashton’s corner. 
Did they not want their lives? 
Did they not know how strong President Ashton’s possessiveness was? 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton took the task and left immediately. 
Ashton Heath looked down at the message from Joanna Lawrence again for a while before replying in an extremely displeased tone: "Not me." 
The message Joanna sent him read: "Did you send 999 pink roses to me?" 
This message also came with a picture. 
In the picture, the tender pink roses filled the entire frame, looking astonishingly eye-catching! 
Upon seeing this reply, Ashton’s face soured even more. 
He too wanted to know which person, who didn’t value their life, dared to dig at his walls. 
Sending such a large bouquet of roses to his wife. 
Especially after searching for the symbolic meaning of 999 roses in the browser search bar, his mood became even worse. 
"What does sending 999 pink roses to someone of the opposite sex symbolize?" 
After Ashton Heath typed this line in the search bar, he quickly got several thousand relevant answers. 
He picked out one of the answers at the forefront and read it carefully and thoroughly. 
A kind netizen replied: Pink roses represent first love, pampering, being touched, and being engraved in one’s heart. They are suitable for sweet-looking girls, symbolizing pure and beautiful love. One rose means you are my only one, two roses mean it’s only you and me in the world, three roses mean I love you, nine roses mean forever. 999 roses mean that this man loves you very, very much, and wants to be with you for a lifetime. If it’s 1314 roses, it means loving the other person for a lifetime. 
Another kind netizen replied: Pink roses are more subtle and warmer compared to red roses. Their appearance is not as delicate and passionate as red roses, so the love they represent is not as fiery as red roses, but is warmer, sweeter, and more tender.
###Chapter 448: Chapter 450: Clear Your Schedule for the Evening
Pink roses are very suitable for confessing to a girl you like, so pink roses also convey the meaning of confession. 
Ashton Heath only read two replies, and his face turned terrible. 
So, someone really wants to steal his girl away? 
Giving pink roses to Joanna Lawrence as a confession? 
Isn’t Joanna Lawrence just a sweet-looking girl? 
After searching, Ashton Heath’s mood worsened. 
Because he felt that he had sent the wrong flowers. 
Obviously, pink roses were more suitable for Joanna Lawrence. 
Even his rival knew this, but he didn’t. 
999, for a long, long time? 
A cold sneer escaped his lips, and his whole body exuded a chilly, piercing aura. He picked up his phone and made a call. 
The call was quickly answered on the other side. 
A respectful voice came through: "President Ashton." 
Ashton Heath grimly said, "Immediately order a bouquet of pink roses from the florist, 1314 of them." 
On the other end, Cody Aberton fell silent for several seconds before slowly saying, "Yes, President Ashton, I understand. After the flowers are ordered... are they for Ms. Joanna?" 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes: "Otherwise, who else would you think they are for?" 
Cody Aberton: "...I’m sorry, President Ashton, I misspoke." 
Ashton Heath hung up the phone, still feeling extremely unhappy. 
He knew that if he liked a girl, others would naturally like her as well. 
Joanna Lawrence is young, beautiful, and has a likable personality. 
There must be many men who like her. 
So, it’s not strange that she has suitors. 
If she didn’t have a single suitor, that would be considered abnormal. 
He shouldn’t be too concerned about this. 
As the saying goes, "A fair lady and a gentleman make a perfect match." His baby is so good, who wouldn’t like her? 
Yet... 
When he thought about how this situation was likely to happen frequently in the future, he couldn’t help but care. 
He and Joanna Lawrence had not agreed on a secret marriage. 
However, their current relationship is similar to a secret marriage. 
Apart from his family and some close friends, no one else knows that he is married. 
Naturally, they wouldn’t know that Joanna Lawrence is married either. 
In the school, everyone would think that Joanna Lawrence is still unmarried, which is why they would pursue her. 
Ashton Heath felt somewhat stifled. 
Because he wanted to make his relationship with Joanna Lawrence public, but ultimately, out of consideration for her feelings, he went along with her wishes. 
If she didn’t want to make their marriage public before graduating, then they wouldn’t make it public. 
He didn’t want her to be unhappy. 
As a result, he is the one who is unhappy now. 
"Knock, knock, knock."
There was a knock on the door, and the secretary’s sweet voice came from outside: "President Ashton, the meeting is about to start." 
Ashton Heath opened his phone, his gaze falling on his chat history with Joanna Lawrence. After pausing for a few seconds, he sent her a message: I asked Cody Aberton to handle the flowers. In the future, before accepting flowers from someone, ask who they are from. Apart from me, don’t accept flowers from anyone else. 
After some thought, he sent another message: Leave tonight free, I’ll pick you up and we’ll have dinner together. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence received the message from Ashton Heath, she had just received a call from the film crew, asking her to go to a Film and TV Company tomorrow for signing. 
After signing, her role would be officially confirmed. 
Although she had been chosen by Gary White himself during the audition, when she received the signing notice, Joanna Lawrence was still thrilled. 
----------
###Chapter 449: Chapter 451: Ah, it seems your heartthrob is mad at me
Aria Rowlett clamored that they should celebrate a bit. 
The two agreed to go to a karaoke bar that evening to sing. 
However, just when they had made the arrangement, Ashton Heath sent a message. 
It took Joanna Lawrence a few seconds to reply to him: Aria and I are going out for dinner tonight, and then we’re going to the karaoke bar to have fun. Would you like to join us? 
After sending the message, she waited several minutes but received no response from Ashton Heath. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but send him another message: Are you upset? But Aria and I already made plans, and it wouldn’t be right for me to change the time now. How about I have lunch with you tomorrow? Or maybe, tonight, I could have a late-night snack with you? 
After waiting for a few more minutes, Ashton Heath still didn’t reply to her. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She was now sure that Ashton Heath was genuinely upset. 
Usually, when she sent him a message, he would always reply instantly. 
This time, she had already sent two messages in a row, and he hadn’t reacted at all. If it wasn’t anger, then what could it be? 
Joanna Lawrence found this both amusing and somewhat speechless. 
She felt that Ashton Heath’s anger was a bit inexplicable. 
It wasn’t that she wasn’t going to accompany him. 
She just happened to have already made plans with a classmate, and it would be the same for her to accompany him another day. 
Moreover, they had already met and had lunch together earlier in the day. 
She always felt that her relationship with Ashton Heath was somewhat strange. 
It wasn’t like a usual couple. 
Ordinary couples usually have the female partner more attached to the male partner. 
However, in their relationship, Ashton Heath seemed to be more attached to her. 
"Baby, what’s wrong?"
Since they were going out to have dinner and sing that night, Aria Rowlett had washed her hair, dried it with a blow-dryer, and put on a facial mask before walking out of the bathroom. 
Seeing Joanna Lawrence staring at her phone, she curiously asked. 
Joanna Lawrence looked up at her and sighed, "Ah, it seems your heartthrob is angry at me." 
"Hmm?" Aria Rowlett raised her eyebrow, "Did you two fight?" 
"No." 
"Then why..." 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips: "Because he just sent me a message saying he’s coming over tonight to have dinner with me. I told him that we’re going out for dinner and singing tonight, so I can’t accompany him, and now he won’t even reply to my messages." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Was her heartthrob that childish? 
Wow, she inexplicably found it adorable! What should she do? 
Joanna Lawrence sighed again: "Ah, I’ve already told him that I can have a late-night snack with him tonight, but he still won’t pay attention to me." 
"Hahaha," Aria Rowlett clapped her hands and said with a grin, "Maybe he’s already made reservations and prepared a candlelit dinner or something, intending to give you a romantic date. And now you’re telling him you’ve made plans with someone else." 
Joanna Lawrence had told Aria Rowlett about Ashton Heath’s pursuit. 
Aria Rowlett was envious of how romantic it was and encouraged Joanna Lawrence to enjoy the process of being pursued, urging her not to accept Ashton Heath too soon. 
Joanna Lawrence frowned slightly, "That probably isn’t it." 
"Then why don’t you go with your heartthrob tonight?" Aria Rowlett sat down beside her and patted her on the shoulder, saying very magnanimously, "We can reschedule for another day. You and your heartthrob are in a critical time for developing your relationship. I’m not going to get in the way." 
"Otherwise, I would feel guilty." 
"If your heartthrob is unhappy with me, it would be terrible." 
After receiving a six-digit-priced handbag from Ashton Heath, Aria Rowlett’s admiration for him had risen to another level. 
She wouldn’t do anything to upset her heartthrob!
###Chapter 450: Chapter 452: He better not respond to me ever again
She wanted to let her heartthrob know she was an obedient and understanding baby. 
That way, when her heartthrob spoiled her baby in the future, he might remember her as a sensible, thoughtful and supportive best friend, and reward her with some benefits. 
Her heartthrob was wealthy and generous, always giving extravagantly. 
To her, even a small benefit from him was a great advantage. 
As Aria Rowlett thought about this, she felt delightfully happy. 
Having a best friend with such an impressive husband was an absolute pleasure. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...I see him every day, it won’t hurt to miss this one. Besides, even though we’re married, my life can’t just revolve around him." 
After some thought, she made a firm decision: "Let’s stick to our plan and hang out tonight." 
"But..." Although Aria didn’t refuse, she did bring up a question, "What about the heartthrob? You said he was angry. Aren’t you going to deal with him?" 
"He’s easy to appease." 
Recalling the previous experiences of placating Ashton Heath, Joanna cracked a smile, "I just need to placate him properly when I see him tomorrow." 
"Pfft." Aria couldn’t help but let out a laugh. 
The curve of her smile was so wide that her face mask was about to fall off. 
"Baby, do you realize the tone you used when you were talking about your heartthrob just now?" 
"What tone?" 
"As if you were talking about your son." 
"...I don’t have a son." 
"After hearing what you said, I find the heartthrob incredibly cute. How is that?" 
"...Sometimes, he really does seem quite adorable." Just like when he acted coquettishly around her, pestering and wheedling her for her assistance; or when he threw childish tantrums. 
"That’s why I think the heartthrob really likes you." 
"From where did you see that?"
"I can see it everywhere. Haven’t you noticed? Other than being gentle with you, he is aloof in front of everybody else." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She hadn’t really noticed that. 
"But, he’s not replying to my messages." Joanna frowned a little, slightly frustrated. 
She thought Ashton Heath was being too petty. 
She had already told him that she was going to spend the evening with Aria, not some other man, but he was still angry with her. 
Aria thought for a moment and offered, "Why don’t you phone him?" 
"...No." 
Joanna started to act a bit haughty. Turning her head away, she bit her lower lip and said with pique, "If he doesn’t reply to my messages, then be it. I won’t send him any more either. It would be best if he never replied." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
They were still in the courtship stage. 
And they were already having a spat. 
She somehow felt that her heartthrob’s pursuit was going to be a rocky one. 
He even dared to get angry with the woman he was pursuing- wasn’t this courting disaster? 
With that kind of attitude towards a woman, how many women would want him? 
Even if they did, it would probably be because of his impressive looks and wealth. 
Because his character was truly quite obnoxious! 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence said she wouldn’t care about Ashton Heath, that’s exactly what she did. 
She discussed with Aria Rowlett where they would have dinner, decided to get dressed and made herself up, ready to go out. 
On the other side. 
In the half-hour meeting, the employees in the Conference Room noticed that their President Ashton kept checking his phone. 
How frequently? 
Probably once every one or two minutes, he would glance at his smartphone. 
It seemed as if he was waiting for someone’s message. 
Moreover, it seemed to be someone very important to him.
###Chapter 451: Chapter 453: This time, he must stay calm
If it were someone else, the employees would guess whether he was waiting for a message from his girlfriend. 
But when it came to their President Ashton... 
They felt this possibility was quite minuscule. 
Their President Ashton...seemed to be without a girlfriend. 
Last time, there was word that he took a girl into his office, and they seemed very close. 
But afterward, they never saw that girl again. 
Could it be that President Ashton and that girl were still together and hadn’t broken up? 
Everyone had the same question in their minds, but no one dared to ask. 
Today, President Ashton...seemed to be in a bad mood. 
In the previous meeting, he kept his face cold, scaring the senior executives into not daring to breathe. 
In this meeting... President Ashton’s face seemed even colder. 
Especially after checking his phone frequently for almost ten times, the fury in his eyes deepened little by little, as if it was about to overflow from the bottom of his eyes. 
The whole person was shrouded in an oppressive cold aura. 
It looked very frightening. 
Everyone was silently wishing: Let the meeting end soon, let the meeting end soon. 
If it didn’t end soon, they would suffocate to death. 
Whimper, President Ashton is so scary. 
Perhaps God heard their prayers and took pity on them, as the meeting that was supposed to take nearly an hour came to an end after half an hour. 
The man sitting in the front row had an exceptionally handsome face, so good-looking that even with a furious look, it was still too attractive. 
With his sexy thin lips pressed into a cold straight line, with no warmth in his eyes, he immediately left the Conference Room after announcing the end of the meeting. 
* 
As soon as he stepped out of the Conference Room and opened his phone, he saw that the chat history was still the same as half an hour ago, Ashton Heath’s face became even gloomier. 
She actually... didn’t send him any more messages.
Could it be that she couldn’t tell he was angry? 
Didn’t she know to send him a few more messages and coax him? 
Or maybe make a phone call, say a few nice words, and he would forgive her for not having dinner with him. 
But she didn’t... 
She just symbolically asked a question and then ignored him when he didn’t answer. 
It seemed that even that question was asked casually. 
She didn’t put her heart into it at all. 
Thinking of this, his already gloomy face darkened a few shades more. 
Ashton Heath felt neglected. 
He felt that in Joanna Lawrence’s heart, he was still not as important as an Aria Rowlett. 
Because Joanna would rather accompany Aria than him. 
He wished he could see her, every moment of every day. 
But she didn’t seem to want that. 
In the end, he was still the one who invested more in this relationship. 
He felt a little angry, staring at their chat interface for a long time, he decided to give Joanna Lawrence the cold shoulder. 
Since she didn’t send him messages, he wouldn’t send her any either. 
If she could act like she didn’t care about him so much. 
So could he. 
He decided on the spot to ignore Joanna for two or three days. In any case, if she didn’t initiate contact, he wouldn’t either. 
This time, he had to hold his breath. 
He must wait for her to come looking for him first. 
* 
On the Blog. 
The news about Annie Lawrence was getting bigger and bigger. 
Within just half a day, her hot search had gone from its initial two hundred million dollars to eight or nine hundred million dollars. 
It quickly became the number one trending search. 
Almost everyone was discussing her expose, guessing whether it was true or false. 
Her fans, like a cult, attacked people everywhere, swarming and biting anyone who discussed Annie Lawrence or said anything slightly unflattering about her.
###Chapter 452: Chapter 454: No Response from Galaxy Agency Yet?
This behavior from the fans irritated a lot of popcorn eaters, who switched from being neutral or sympathetic to hostile. 
Those who doubted the authenticity of the scandal started to believe the allegations after witnessing the insane actions of Annie Lawrence’s fans. 
After all, how good could the idol be with such crazy fans? 
Truly high-quality stars with a good moral compass have polite fans, who would never annoy others.
Some people thought Annie was intentionally creating hype. 
Because her silence had lasted too long. 
Long enough to make people suspect that she had ulterior motives and wanted to use this incident to promote herself. 
Otherwise, why hadn’t she responded after such a long time? 
It didn’t seem like something her team would do. 
Annie had been involved in scandals before. 
Each time, her public relations team responded swiftly, typically within one or two hours. 
Anyway, because of Annie’s lack of response, the situation had gradually gone from manageable to seemingly irreparable. 
Many netizens believed that the allegations were 80% true. 
Perhaps Annie’s team didn’t dare to respond casually, fearing the other party might produce more solid evidence and ruin her career. 
Her team was racking their brains on how to clear her name. 
This incident couldn’t be whitewashed as easily as the previous assault scandal. 
If it were confirmed that Annie had been a homewrecker, she would not be considered a qualified artist in terms of morality. 
The General Administration of Radio and Television had just issued some regulations, one of which stated that if an artist committed morally questionable acts and brought a negative influence to the public, such an artist should be used cautiously. If the impact was particularly severe, a ban should be suggested. 
The so-called suggestion from the Administration was not a solid clause but an advisory. 
However, since the Administration had spoken, who would dare not take it seriously? 
Therefore, if Annie was indeed confirmed as a homewrecker, damage to her reputation would be the least of her worries. 
The real problem was that no one would dare to work with her in the future. 
She wouldn’t survive in the entertainment industry. 
Even some popcorn eaters knew these truths. 
Galaxy Agency couldn’t possibly be unaware of it. 
Annie was the artist Galaxy Agency was actively promoting, and she had such a relationship with David Benington. There was no reason Galaxy Agency wouldn’t deploy their public relations team to protect her. 
"What do you think is going on with Annie’s side?" 
Inside a Heart Fondue Restaurant. 
After dipping crispy tripe with sauce and savoring it, Aria Rowlett picked up her phone and browsed her Blog. 
It was full of news about Annie. 
She randomly scrolled through some posts, then checked Galaxy Agency’s official Blog. 
It was still as quiet as a chicken. 
"They haven’t responded yet. Is it because they haven’t figured out a countermeasure? This isn’t like their usual style. Even if they haven’t figured out a strategy, shouldn’t they pay to remove the hot search first?" 
"Why are they letting public opinion ferment even faster?" 
After hearing this, Joanna Lawrence was also a bit surprised: "Galaxy Agency hasn’t responded yet?" 
"Yeah, it’s been half a day. Don’t you think it’s strange?" 
"It is a bit strange." Joanna scooped a piece of cooked spicy beef from the pot and placed it in Aria’s bowl. With one hand on her chin and tilting her head, she thought for a while and then laughed, "Forget it, let’s not worry about them. The beef in the pot is cooked, and it won’t taste good if it’s overcooked. Let’s eat."
###Chapter 453: Chapter 455: She just doesn’t want to deal with Ashton Heath right now.
Aria Rowlett’s attention was immediately drawn to the delicious food. 
She ate a piece of beef dipped in chili powder and immediately teared up from the spiciness. 
And yet, she immediately grabbed another piece. 
While yelling that it was spicy, she enjoyed the thrill of the spiciness. 
"Oh, by the way, Baby." After eating a few pieces of beef, she couldn’t help but drink some water. She finished half a cup in one breath before looking at Joanna Lawrence. "Has heartthrob replied to your message yet?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She was originally in a great mood. 
But as soon as Aria mentioned this, she became a bit frustrated. 
That’s because Ashton Heath, the stingy and childish guy, never replied to her message. 
At first, Joanna Lawrence made all sorts of excuses for him. 
Maybe he was caught up in work and didn’t look at his phone. 
Or maybe he saw it but didn’t have time to reply yet. 
However, nearly two hours after he ignored her, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t find any more excuses. 
She can now be totally sure that Ashton Heath is doing this on purpose! 
Just because she didn’t agree to have dinner with him that night, this childish man is now ignoring her. 
This is the first time that Joanna Lawrence has been treated like this by him. 
Perhaps because Ashton Heath had always pampered her and given in to her every whim, Joanna Lawrence had almost forgotten that this man actually doesn’t have a good temper. 
She has always been the one that was pampered, so she didn’t notice it. 
But for everyone except her, people around Ashton Heath have experienced his coldness and naturally got used to his indifference. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t. 
She wasn’t used to it at all. 
She now felt very wronged. 
Extremely wronged. 
She didn’t want to care about Ashton Heath, that stingy guy anymore! 
"Don’t mention him," she said angrily. "I don’t care if he responds or not." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She claimed not to care, but she was so angry that she even forgot to take her favorite Crispy Tripe Delight and beef. 
Doesn’t this mean she still cares? 
After thinking about it, Aria Rowlett still wanted to try playing the peacemaker, "Didn’t you say that heartthrob is easy to coax? Why don’t you give him a call? Maybe he’s waiting for you to contact him." 
"No." Joanna Lawrence said stubbornly, "If he doesn’t look for me, I’m not looking for him either." 
"What if he never contacts you? Of course, that’s absolutely impossible. I’m just giving an example." 
"Then I won’t contact him either." Joanna Lawrence bit her lip, looking very determined. "If he doesn’t care about me, why should I bother looking for him?" 
Aria Rowlett: " How come he doesn’t care about you?" 
"If he cared about me, would he be able to bear not contacting me?" 
"..." Aria Rowlett found this a bit amusing, "What if he’s thinking the same way? Are you guys planning to give each other the silent treatment forever?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She didn’t know. 
Anyway, she didn’t want to deal with Ashton Heath right now. 
* 
At the same time, in the hospital. 
Annie Lawrence was still in a coma, lying on the snow-white hospital bed with a pale face. 
Outside the hospital room. 
David Benington looked at the doctor in disbelief. For a moment, his face was filled with complex emotions. 
He couldn’t believe it, "What did you say? She... had a miscarriage?" 
"Yes." The doctor in the white coat replied politely, "Mr. David, I’m sorry. We did our best. But Ms. Joanna was brought in too late, and the baby was not far along in the pregnancy, so we couldn’t save it." 
After looking at David’s pale face, the doctor hesitated before saying, "Mr. David, don’t be too upset. Ms. Joanna is still young, and it will be easy for her to have children again in the future."
###Chapter 454: Chapter 456: You said Annie Lawrence had a miscarriage?
David Benington seemed not to hear what the doctor was saying. 
The words "miscarriage" kept echoing in his ears. 
How could Annie Lawrence have a miscarriage? 
Wasn’t she not pregnant? 
Didn’t Garret Twain say that all her pregnancy test reports were fake? 
She wasn’t even pregnant. 
But if she wasn’t pregnant, why did she have a miscarriage? 
At first, he thought she was faking it, so he didn’t take it seriously at all. 
At that time, he even felt disgusted. 
He thought she had lied to him again. 
If he had taken her to the hospital at the first moment, if the time was just a little earlier, could they have saved their child? 
At this moment, he was overwhelmed by a sense of guilt. 
Because it was he who pushed Annie to the ground himself. 
He looked up at the doctor, his face pale, his eyes filled with deep self-blame and guilt, his voice trembling a bit, "Doctor, are you sure, she really had a miscarriage?" 
"Mr. David, we wouldn’t lie about such things." The doctor was a little unhappy about the questioning of their medical expertise, but he was polite out of respect for David’s status. 
David closed his eyes, suddenly slammed his fist into the white wall. 
The doctor jumped, "Mr. David..." 
With a pained expression, David buried his face and said hoarsely, "Just go, I want to be alone for a while. Also, your hospital signed a confidentiality agreement, this can’t be leaked out, or else... " 
"Mr. David, rest assured, we are professional." 
The doctor soon left. 
David stood alone in the hallway for more than ten minutes before he called Mrs. Benington. 
After connecting, he called hoarsely, "Mom." 
Mrs. Benington immediately sensed something was wrong by his voice and asked worriedly, "David, what happened?" 
David closed his eyes in pain, "Annie is in the hospital." 
Mrs. Benington was silent for a few seconds before asking in confusion, "Why is she in the hospital all of a sudden?" 
"Didn’t you say she might be lying to me?" David, still immersed in the pain of losing his child, unleashed all his anger and resentment at Mrs. Benington, his tone cold. "So, I had someone investigate." 
Mrs. Benington hesitated, "David... what happened exactly? Are you at the hospital now? Do you want your dad and me to come over?" 
David ignored Mrs. Benington’s words. He clenched his phone, his cold voice filled with resentment, "Mom, did you arrange with the hospital in advance to lie and deceive the investigator I sent?" 
"Just because you don’t want Annie to marry into the family, you arranged this trap? Now you’re satisfied, aren’t you? She had a miscarriage; there’s no child in her belly. Your goal is finally achieved." 
"David, what are you talking about?" Mrs. Benington sounded shocked, "You mean, Annie Lawrence had a miscarriage?" 
David sneered, "Yes, she had a miscarriage. Are you happy now?" 
"What are you talking about? Why would her miscarriage make me happy? After all, the child she was carrying was my grandchild. I never thought she was really pregnant. How could that be... " 
"Now you’re willing to admit that the child in her belly was your grandchild? Mom, let me tell you, you bear an inescapable responsibility for this child’s death." 
"What responsibility could I have?" Mrs. Benington was getting angry with David’s tone and her voice turned cold too,
###Chapter 455: Chapter 457: Hurry up and deal with that woman.
"David, what kind of attitude is this? Are you blaming me now? What does Annie’s miscarriage have to do with me? Did I cause it?" 
"Even if you’re in a bad mood, you shouldn’t make unjust accusations. I admit I don’t like her, nor do I agree with you two being together. But you listen, her miscarriage has nothing to do with me." 
"Since you were with her for the baby before, now that there’s no baby, you don’t need to marry her to take responsibility. In my opinion, this miscarriage may not be such a bad thing. Although the baby is innocent, it was not even two months in her belly, don’t tell me you had deep feelings for it." 
Mrs. Benington was blunt, completely disregarding David Benington’s feelings, "You’re my son, don’t I know you? That woman is restless, not at all good. When you and Joanna were still together, she did everything she could to seduce you, completely disregarding her sisterhood with Joanna, she was shameless to the extreme. I think she planned this pregnancy long ago, wanting to take advantage of the baby to rise in status. In fact, she has indeed succeeded." 
"David, listen to your mother, this manipulative woman is not suitable for you. You can take this opportunity to break up with her. Regina, the younger daughter of your Uncle Newman, is back from overseas, I’ve seen that girl once, she’s not only beautiful but also has a great temperament, and she’s a painter. She’s much better than the woman at your side." 
"You should handle that woman quickly, come home at the weekend, I’ll ask Mr. Newman to bring his daughter to our house for dinner." 
David Benington was furious, "Mom, I’m not in the mood to meet other women now." 
"It’s not a setup, just a meal, just a meeting. Your mother tells you, that girl is really beautiful, she’s not as exquisite as Joanna, but she’s great. You’ll definitely like her." 
Hearing Mrs. Benington bring up Joanna Lawrence, David Benington’s expression slightly changed. 
Mrs. Benington was still chattering, "In short, you must come home this weekend. Your dad and I..."
A moment later. 
David Benington hung up. 
He had called to confront Mrs. Benington. 
Because he believed that the fake information Garret Twain had found at the hospital was all arranged by Mrs. Benington. 
Mrs. Benington did this only to make him and Annie break up. 
When David Benington figured this out, he was furious. 
Even if he didn’t have much feelings for Annie, the baby in her belly was, after all, his flesh and blood. 
His child was just gone, and he couldn’t possibly feel nothing. 
But Mrs. Benington did understand him. 
The pregnant person was Annie, and the baby in her belly was not yet two months old, and David Benington, the so-called father, in fact, didn’t have much affection for the unborn child. 
If it had been Joanna who was pregnant with their child, he would surely be very happy, looking forward to the birth of the baby. 
Both he and Joanna were attractive, so regardless of who the baby would resemble, it would definitely be good-looking. 
If it was like Joanna, it would be even better, certainly a particularly beautiful baby. 
But the pregnant person was Annie. 
He didn’t feel much of the joy of becoming a father, there was more a sense of responsibility in his heart. 
Now, Annie’s baby was gone, that sense of responsibility became much weaker. 
What was left was more guilt and self-blame. 
If he hadn’t pushed her, Annie wouldn’t have fallen to the ground, and wouldn’t have miscarried.
###Chapter 456: Chapter 458: This newly appointed Mr. David, has a quite ruthless heart.
It was clear in David’s heart. 
Regardless of whether Mrs. Benington had fooled him or not, he could never sever his ties with his own mother over this matter. He had always been a dutiful son and could not do such a thing. 
Besides, Annie’s importance was not enough to make him do this. 
David knew well who weighed more, Mrs. Benington or Annie. 
David stood outside for a while, watching as the new agent he had arranged for Annie approached. 
The new agent was named Katia Chute. 
Katia came up to David, stopped in front of him, and respectfully called, "Mr. David." 
David nodded in response. 
Katia looked towards the slightly ajar door of the hospital room and hesitated, "Ms. Joanna... she..." 
David squinted, "She hasn’t woken up. What is it?" 
He didn’t say anything about the miscarriage. 
However, several people from Galaxy Agency had seen the blood beneath Annie, and more or less made some guesses. 
Seeing that David did not want to bring up this matter, Katia didn’t ask any further, as she was here for another matter. 
She wasn’t here to visit Annie. 
"Mr. David, shouldn’t we deal with the revelations about Ms. Joanna on the blog? It’s already at the top of the trending searches. If we don’t address this soon, it may severely damage Ms. Joanna’s reputation. She has signed several advertising contracts before, if this matter is not clarified in time, the brands might demand a termination of contract." 
"At that time, we will have to pay the termination fees." 
Because the contract states clearly that if any scandal affecting the image of the brand emerged during the contract period, the brand can terminate the contract, and we will have to compensate them for reputation damage. 
The ads Annie had signed weren’t with big-name brands. 
But added together, the termination fees are still substantial. 
At first, David didn’t plan to deal with this matter because he felt that Annie had deceived him. 
Naturally, he didn’t want to clear Annie’s name. 
He even planned to let Annie’s reputation be smeared. 
But in light of current events, he felt full of guilt and wanted to do something to compensate Annie. 
He pondered for a moment, looked at Katia, and said in a heavy voice, "Issue a statement saying that the campus forum scandal was caused by Linda. It was Linda who posted the post without Annie’s knowledge. The company has already dismissed her as soon as it learned about this." 
Katia was startled, her face changing. 
She and Linda had a good relationship. 
Both were acclaimed agents for the company. 
She knew about David’s decision to dismiss Linda for Annie’s sake, but she didn’t expect that he would now make Linda take the blame for Annie. 
That was too much. 
After all, Linda was also a long-serving employee of Galaxy Agency and had made substantial contributions. 
This act of discarding her after exploiting her service was too despicable and unscrupulous. 
This was too cold-hearted and ruthless. 
For a moment, she couldn’t help but feel a chill run down her spine. 
Even an established employee like Linda could be dismissed and made to take the blame so readily. 
What about others? 
This newly appointed Mr. David was ruthless. 
Katia thought she might have to find a new way out, although she did not show what she was thinking. Instead, she obediently replied, "I understand, Mr. David. What about other scandals..." 
"For the matters without any concrete evidence, just declare them as rumors. Have the lawyer sue the person who posted them." 
David was sure that the person who posted them certainly had no evidence of him cheating on Annie.
###Chapter 457: Chapter 459: He Doesn’t Want to Face It
If there were, it would have been released a long time ago. 
So, there’s only one issue he needs to deal with; everything else is unimportant. 
It’s the perfect time for Linda to resign. 
He can blame everything from before on her, which is quite appropriate. 
He’s responsible for Annie’s miscarriage, and the child can never come back. 
The only thing he can do is compensate her in other ways. 
"Yes, Mr. David, I’ll go back to the company to handle this matter right away. Miss Joanna has an advertisement to shoot the day after tomorrow. We will inform the advertisers that she is not feeling well and won’t be able to make it, so she needs to rest for a few days?" 
"Hmm," David nodded, "That’s what you should say." 
"So, her resting time should be... " 
David thought about it. Annie losing the baby was no small matter, and her health must have been badly affected. 
She needs to recover properly. 
"Don’t give her any work for the rest of the month," he said. 
"Yes, Mr. David." 
After asking, Katia turned around and prepared to leave. 
However, she saw David turning around as well, as if he was about to leave too. 
She was taken aback and asked somewhat surprised, "Mr. David, are you leaving?" 
David remained silent for a few seconds and uttered a heavy "Mm." 
Katia looked towards Annie’s hospital room, hesitated for a moment, and cautiously asked, "Aren’t you going to wait for Miss Joanna to wake up?" 
Everyone at Galaxy Agency knew that David cared about Annie deeply. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have fired Linda, who was such an Acclaimed Agent, for her sake. 
But his current action indeed made people puzzled. 
His girlfriend had an accident and was still unconscious, yet he didn’t stay by her bedside, instead wanting to leave? 
David paused briefly and walked away quickly, "No need." 
When Annie wakes up and learns that she’s had a miscarriage, she will definitely make a scene with him. 
And he didn’t want to face it. 
Furthermore, he was afraid that Annie would use the miscarriage to force him into marrying her immediately. 
After talking to Mrs. Benington on the phone just now, some ideas had formed in his head. 
Mrs. Benington was right; he was with Annie because of the child. 
Now that the child was gone, he didn’t have to be responsible for her anymore. 
He really should think carefully about his relationship with Annie going forward. 
* 
Dark Light Club. 
The most luxurious and high-end entertainment club in Closia. 
A place where children of influential families mostly frequented. 
It was a regular haunt for noble young masters like Yannick Luther and Frank Parker. 
VIP private room No. 888 in Dark Light Club was permanently reserved for this group of top elites in Closia. Even when they were not around, no one dared to use this private room. 
That’s because the Dark Light Club was owned by the Parker family. 
Frank Parker, as the only heir of the Parker family, was the young master here. 
The door to the private room was slightly ajar. 
Yannick entered with a young model, finding Frank gently comforting a crying Rebecca Kelloway. 
He was holding a handkerchief, delicately wiping her tears in a tender manner. 
His cautiousness blinded Yannick’s eyes. 
Even the young model in his arms looked a little surprised. 
Frank Parker was well-known in Closia. 
Especially amongst the female celebrities and young models in the entertainment circle, nearly everyone knew about him and Yannick.
These two men were the symbols of Closia’s influential elites, not only handsome but also very generous. 
They were unmatched by tacky and overweight men like Jacob. 
Many female celebrities in the circle wanted to climb into bed with them.
###Chapter 458: Chapter 460: Yannick, Let Her Go
After all, serving them could make money and allow her to enjoy herself too, which was a hundred times better than serving creepy old men. 
The young model had heard that Frank Parker was a strange-tempered man, definitely not a tender lover. But the scene before her now made her doubt it. 
Was this really... the Mr. Parker rumored to kick someone out at the slightest disagreement? 
He looked... so gentle. 
Seemingly guessing what the young model in his arms was thinking, Yannick Luther smirked, his slender fingers lifting her pointy chin and playfully teased, "Little thing, don’t be fooled by appearances." 
"But Mr. Parker, he treats that woman..." 
"That is no ordinary woman." Yannick narrowed his eyes thoughtfully, still holding the young model as he walked over, "Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family and us have grown up together. Who can compare to that kind of relationship?" 
"Only she gets this kind of treatment." 
"That’s Ms. Rebecca?" The young model widened her eyes in surprise. 
"Mm-hmm. Come, let big brother take you over to say hello." 
Yannick pinched the young model’s soft waist as he walked with her towards Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway, speaking with a hint of mischief, "Little sister Rebecca, what happened? Did Frank bully you when I wasn’t here?" 
Hearing his voice, Rebecca stopped crying and slowly lifted her head. 
She must have been crying for a while; her eyes were red and swollen. Usually, she seemed so strong-willed, but now her eyes were glistening with tears, and her face was wet under the dim light. 
It looked... truly pitiable. 
She gripped Frank’s handkerchief, wiping the tears from the corner of her eyes, glanced at the young model in Yannick’s arms, and flashed a look of disdain in her eyes. 
She replied irritably, "You think Frank is like you, always making me angry? Didn’t we agree that it would just be us? Why did you bring someone else?" 
Rebecca was proud at her core. 
She looked down on these women, who could only be called bed partners, in Yannick’s life. 
She simply didn’t want to associate with these women. 
In her eyes, they were nothing more than lowly actresses. 
They didn’t deserve to play with them at all. 
The young model’s body stiffened, feeling Rebecca’s disdain for her. She bit her lip and complained, "Yannick..." 
Her soft voice was charming. 
Rebecca’s disdain grew even stronger. 
She gave the young model no face, coldly saying, "Yannick, let her go. When can’t you play with women? Why bring her here at a time like this? When we’re discussing things, why keep an irrelevant person here?" 
As soon as Rebecca said this, everyone present, except her, was stunned. 
The young model’s eyes turned red with injustice, but she dared not say a word in return. 
She, of course, knew how prominent Ms. Rebecca’s status was. 
This was definitely not someone she could afford to offend. 
The young model had long known she was just a plaything. It was normal for these high-status wealthy family children to look down on her. Yet, Rebecca’s outright display of disdain for her was too much for the young model who, in her youth, couldn’t control her emotions well. 
Her eyes reddened, and she was on the verge of tears. 
Frank Parker and Yannick Luther, on the other hand, were astonished by Rebecca’s attitude at the moment. 
When they had played in groups before, Yannick occasionally brought women along.
###Chapter 459: Chapter 461: Frank, did you provoke her?
Although Rebecca Kelloway didn’t like those women, she never showed her dislike as directly as she did today, completely disregarding their feelings. 
Frank Parker was the most surprised person. 
He looked at Rebecca Kelloway with a hint of astonishment, deep thoughts flashed in his eyes. 
In his eyes, Rebecca had always been a gentle and considerate girl. 
Moreover, she had a good upbringing and manners, and even if she didn’t like someone, she wouldn’t embarrass them in public. 
But just now... 
For a brief moment, Frank Parker felt a sense of unfamiliarity with the Rebecca from earlier. 
After a moment of silence, Yannick Luther hooked the corner of his lips and returned to his usual playful grin, "Rebecca, what’s gotten into you today? You’re so fiery. When we used to hang out, I would bring people along, but today, it’s not okay?" 
"The girl in my arms is timid. You’ll scare her if you keep this up." 
After saying this, Yannick lowered his head and looked at the young model who was timidly looking up at him. He pinched her cheek and said with a smile, "Don’t be afraid, your big sister Rebecca isn’t usually like this. She’s just in a bad mood today. How about this, you said you wanted to buy something earlier, right? You go shopping now, and I’ll contact you later, okay?" 
As he spoke, Yannick took out his wallet and handed a supplementary card to the young model, "Buy whatever you like, consider it an early birthday gift from me." 
The young model’s grievances turned into joy as soon as she saw the card Yannick handed her. 
She accepted Yannick’s card, stood on tiptoes, and kissed him on the lips, her voice soft and sweet, "Thank you, Mr. Luther, you’re the best. I’ll go shopping then?" 
Yannick pinched her cheek again, smiling, "Yes, go ahead. Buy more, don’t save my money."
The smile on the young model’s face grew even brighter and sweeter. 
It was as if she wanted to tackle Mr. Luther to the ground and fiercely kiss him. 
Indeed, the young master of the Luther family was just as generous and good to women as rumored, a great sugar daddy. 
He was nothing like the greasy, stingy old men she had been with before. 
The key was, not only did he have money and was generous with women, but he was also so handsome and had a great physique. 
Rumor had it that Yannick Luther’s bedroom skills were also quite impressive. 
All the women who had been with him praised his skills in bed, claiming he was the best among all the sugar daddies. 
It was like they were getting a good deal by sleeping with him. 
Gazing at the handsome and wicked face before her, the young model secretly resolved to hold on to this golden thigh. 
With the card in hand, the young model left cheerfully. 
Feeling incredibly satisfied and happy, she even greeted Rebecca Kelloway generously before leaving, which made Rebecca’s face turn even more sour. 
After the young model left. 
Yannick unbuttoned the top of his shirt, revealing the love bites on his collarbone that hadn’t completely faded yet. 
Rebecca glanced at it and couldn’t help but sneer, "Aren’t you afraid of catching diseases? You’re not picky about who you bring to your bed." 
"Ms. Rebecca, I don’t think I’ve provoked you, have I?" Yannick sat down next to Frank Parker, spread his hands, tilted his head, and spoke lazily, "Why do your words have thorns today? Who exactly provoked you?" 
After saying that, he turned to Frank Parker and asked lazily, "Frank, did you provoke her?"
###Chapter 460: Chapter 462 You Need to Change Your Attitude Too
Frank Parker pressed his lips together tightly, glaring expressionlessly at him. 
"Not you?" Yannick Luther raised an eyebrow, "If not you, then who would it be?" 
In fact, Yannick knew very well in his heart. 
Who else could make Rebecca Kelloway cry, if not Ashton Heath? 
They certainly didn’t have the power to do so. 
But he pretended to be ignorant, acting as if he knew nothing. 
Because once the truth was revealed, he wouldn’t know how to comfort her. 
After all, everything that needed to be said had been said before. 
If Rebecca could take it in, she would have done so long ago. 
If she refused to listen and insisted on brooding over it, it wouldn’t be something he could persuade her out of with a few words. 
But Yannick Luther felt that there was no need for Rebecca to feel this way. 
In their group of friends, who didn’t know that she has liked Ashton Heath since they were children? 
However, they all knew that Rebecca’s affection was unrequited. 
Ashton Heath, although aloof by nature and seemingly indifferent to everyone, would have confessed early on if he really liked Rebecca. 
He certainly wouldn’t have held back for so many years without saying a word. 
His current attitude towards Joanna Lawrence made it evident. 
In matters of the heart, he was never the passive party. 
The years of aloofness were simply because he hadn’t met a woman he liked. 
But when he did, he was more assertive than anyone else. 
Simply put, even if Ashton Heath were to marry, his wife wouldn’t be Joanna, nor would it be Rebecca. 
This was a truth they all knew, and Rebecca couldn’t possibly not understand it. 
But she... 
"Rebecca," he said, "if you really have any grievances, you can tell Frank and me. We’ve been friends for so many years. If anyone has treated you unfairly, give you a hard time, just say who it is, and we’ll stand up for you." 
Rebecca tightened her lips, grabbing a nearby pillow tightly in her hands. 
Her face unreadable, she fell silent for a while before speaking hoarsely, "It’s nothing important, nothing worth mentioning." 
"Then stop crying," Yannick Luther looked at her. "We’re here to have fun. Why make yourself unhappy?" 
"And you..." 
Yannick Luther turned to Frank Parker, frowning, "Are you having yet another conflict with Ashton? Frank, don’t take this the wrong way, but what the hell are you thinking? Are you seriously planning to have a fall out with Ashton, giving up this brotherhood?" 
Frank Parker and Yannick Luther were in frequent contact privately. 
He knew many things, naturally. 
Ashton Heath was a man of few words with little patience, so whenever Frank had a problem, he would usually talk to Yannick about it. 
Knowing that Frank Parker had had a few more conflicts with Ashton Heath, Yannick was silent. 
He didn’t know what Frank was trying to accomplish. 
Frank Parker pursed his lips tightly, his face rigid. After a moment of silence, he said coldly, "Of course not." 
Over ten years of brotherhood. 
How could he just give it up because he said so? 
The words he had said earlier were just spoken in anger. 
"Then you..." Yannick Luther sighed, "If you really don’t want to lose this brotherhood, you need to change your attitude." 
Yannick Luther didn’t specify what needed to be changed. 
But everyone present knew he was referring to the attitude towards Joanna Lawrence. 
He didn’t know why. 
Whenever he thought of Joanna Lawrence, a strange feeling arose in Frank’s heart. 
He remembered the time he bumped into her at the mall and the familiarity he sensed from her. 
And the faint sweet scent that emitted from her.
###Chapter 461: Chapter 463: How did you Make Yourself so Disliked?
"Frank, Frank?!" Yannick Luther uttered a few words, but there was no response from the person nearby. He raised his head and saw Frank Parker lost in thought. 
He didn’t know what Frank was thinking about, but it seemed that his thoughts had engrossed him entirely. 
Slightly annoyed, Yannick reached out and waved his hand in front of Frank’s eyes: "Frank, snap out of it. What are you thinking about?" 
That’s when Frank Parker finally came back to earth. 
His gaze was still somewhat vacant, filled with confusion, and then he turned to look at Rebecca Kelloway. 
The memories of that year when he was ten, most of it was not clear to him anymore. 
But one thing that was imprinted deeply in his olfactory memory was that sweet scent. Even after all these years, he still remembered it. 
He couldn’t recall which perfume Rebecca used that night. 
But over the many years since, Rebecca had never used that perfume again. 
He once asked her about it, and she casually commented that she no longer liked that scent and, also, that perfume had been discontinued. 
But, on that day, he smelled the same perfume on Joanna Lawrence. 
If it was discontinued, how could Joanna have the same perfume? 
Many questions filled his mind. 
Perhaps, he thought, he should ask Joanna about it. 
He wasn’t sure if it was due to the familiar sensation that Joanna gave him, but he found that he did not dislike her as much as he had before. 
However, he still didn’t like her. 
"Nothing at all." 
Frank shifted his gaze away from Rebecca and stood up. "I am going to the restroom; you guys chat," he said. 
Having spoken, he walked out of the private room. 
Yannick watched as Frank left the private room. He thought for a moment, then stood up and cheerfully said to Rebecca: "Rebecca, I also need to use the restroom. Order whatever you want to eat or drink. Ashton is treating us tonight." 
"Oh, by the way, a few new gentlemen have joined the club recently. They have a good figure and look very handsome. Want me to set you up with them?" 
This remark earned him a glare from Rebecca Kelloway, and a pillow thrown at him: "Yannick Luther, do you want to die?" 
Yannick touched his nose, looking innocent: "Okay, okay. If you don’t want it, fine." 
* 
Once outside the private room... 
Instead of heading for the restroom, Frank Parker leaned against the hallway’s wall. His hands were in his pockets, and he squinted at the bright light above him. 
The light was blinding, forcing him to shut his eyes. After a while, he slowly opened them again. 
The door to the private room was pushed open again. 
When Yannick left the private room and saw Frank waiting outside, he was somewhat startled. But he promptly closed the room door, smirking. 
"Why, aren’t you going to the restroom?" 
Frank glanced at him and replied faintly: "It’s stuffy inside, just stepping out for some air." 
"Same for me." 
Yannick likewise put one hand in his trouser pocket. After standing silently beside Frank for a while, he asked, "Did Rebecca say anything to you?" 
Frank pressed his lips together: "Nothing." 
"Is it something about Ashton?" Even if Frank didn’t say anything, Yannick could guess. "What is she thinking? Why can’t she let go? Ashton is married now. You’ve seen how much he cares about his wife. If this continues, Frank, we’ll all become strangers in the end." 
Yannick, who usually had a lackadaisical attitude, was now serious beyond words. "I can understand if Rebecca doesn’t like Joanna. But what about you? What’s your reason?" 
"Joanna has never offended you in the past, has she? Why do you dislike her so much?"
###Chapter 462: Chapter 464: You don’t need to change your preferences because of her
Frank Parker’s face changed, and his thin lips tightened even more. 
The light above shone on his handsome face with a hint of enchantment and wickedness, making the gloom in his eyes even darker and somehow unsettling.
If it were not for his good looks, his current expression and gaze would definitely be enough to scare people to tears. 
"Is it because of Rebecca?" 
As he wasn’t willing to speak, Yannick Luther helped him voice it out: "You know Rebecca likes Ashton, and because Ashton married Joanna, Rebecca was very upset. So, you began to dislike Joanna?" 
Frank clenched his lips, gripping his hands even tighter by his side. 
Looking at the expression on his face, Yannick shook his head and advised in a very disapproving tone: "Frank, this is not fair. Joanna hasn’t done anything wrong. Just because she married Ashton, do you think it’s fair for her to be treated like this?" 
"The one who wanted to marry her is Ashton, and he’s willing to do so. Even if you want to stand up for Rebecca, you should be reasonable. Just because Rebecca likes Ashton, does that mean Ashton can’t like another woman?" 
"We all know very well that Ashton has never had romantic feelings towards Rebecca. Even if Joanna hadn’t married him, Rebecca never would have." 
Frank pressed his lips together, not speaking, but a trace of wavering flashed in his eyes. 
He didn’t need Yannick to tell him these things; he understood them all too well. 
It was just that Rebecca was too important and too special to him. 
He couldn’t bear seeing her hurt and upset. 
If anyone made her sad, that person would become Frank Parker’s enemy. 
"Frank, tell me the truth. If it wasn’t for Rebecca, would you have disliked Joanna?" 
Yannick felt that this issue needed to be resolved. 
Otherwise, it would really affect their brotherhood that had been built over so many years. 
Whether it was Ashton Heath or Frank Parker, they were his best friends. 
He didn’t want to lose either of them. 
And he didn’t want their relationship as a foursome to be affected by this issue. 
No matter how much Rebecca disliked Joanna, Ashton would never break up with her for Rebecca’s sake. 
And knowing Ashton’s personality, if they couldn’t accept Joanna, he would definitely side with his wife even to the point of breaking ties with his brothers. 
He understood Ashton Heath all too well. 
"Frank, speak up." After Yannick had spoken for a long time without getting any response, he couldn’t help getting impatient, and his tone wasn’t so good anymore, "Don’t think about anything else, just answer my question." 
Frank was incredibly annoyed. 
He felt that Yannick was like a sparrow, constantly chattering in his ear. 
He was already very upset. 
He didn’t want to answer any of Yannick’s boring questions at all. 
Did he dislike Joanna? 
He had never thought about this question seriously. 
If it weren’t for Rebecca, he would probably be indifferent to this woman. 
He couldn’t say he disliked her, but he couldn’t say he liked her either. 
Anyway, she wasn’t his woman, so what she looked like, her family background, and personality had nothing to do with him. 
So... he probably didn’t dislike her. 
"Alright, alright, even if you won’t say it, I already know your answer." Yannick understood and heavily patted Frank on the shoulder, speaking earnestly, "Since you don’t dislike her, why make it like this? You are you, and Rebecca is Rebecca. There’s no need for you to change your preferences because of her."
###Chapter 463: Chapter 438: Astonished by Your Heavenly Singing
"Besides," Yannick Luther looked at him with an expression of disbelief and said, "Frank, I really can’t understand your line of thinking. Do you have a fetish for sending the woman you like into the arms of another man?" 
Frank Parker’s face darkened instantly: "Yannick Luther!" 
"Isn’t it?" Yannick raised an eyebrow. "Ashton getting married could have been a good thing for you. At least if he got married, Rebecca could give up on him. Maybe she would turn around and find such a devoted guardian like you. She might be so moved that she would end up with you." 
"So, you should be grateful to Joanna." 
"But what have you done? You’re so dissatisfied with Ashton marrying Joanna. Are you hoping that they’ll divorce, and Ashton will be with Rebecca?" 
Frank Parker’s face grew uglier and uglier. 
He certainly didn’t want that... 
He just couldn’t bear to see Rebecca Kelloway sad. 
"You should think about it. I don’t think Ashton did anything wrong. If it were me, I would do the same. I can’t stand anyone belittling or disrespecting the woman I cherish. Even if you don’t really like Joanna, you shouldn’t show it out of respect for Ashton." 
"If Rebecca were treated like that, how would you feel?" 
Frank Parker fell silent once more, pursing his lips and saying nothing. 
Just as Yannick Luther was about to leave and let him think it over on his own, he suddenly heard beautiful singing from a private room. 
It was an incredibly sweet and ethereal voice. 
To say it was like a beautiful canary leaving the valley wouldn’t be an exaggeration. 
Yannick listened, his eyes wide with amazement. 
It seemed the singing came from an opposite private room. Amidst the chaotic noises, it was like a stream of clear water flowing into one’s heart, calming their restlessness. 
Yannick had never heard such a beautiful voice before. 
This voice was absolutely to his taste. 
It was sweet without being cloying, and had a soft and gentle quality. Like a kitten’s paw scratching his heart, it made him feel ticklish inside. 
"Damn! Frank, did you hear that? Which fairy is singing? Her voice is so fucking beautiful!" Yannick was utterly defenseless against this sweet and tender voice. 
He was just as helpless against sweet-faced, cute-looking girls. 
At that moment when the sweet and ethereal singing began, Frank Parker also noticed it right away. 
It was indeed a beautiful voice and quite distinctive. 
However, he wasn’t like Yannick, he wasn’t a voice enthusiast. 
So even if he found the voice lovely, he didn’t have much of a reaction. 
His mind was occupied with other thoughts, so he merely mumbled a noncommittal "hmm" to Yannick’s excitement. 
Nevertheless, Yannick couldn’t contain his excitement: "I can’t help it; I have to meet this little fairy. This voice is just so perfect for me. If she’s as sweet as her voice, I’ll chase after her right away!" 
Frank Parker wasn’t in a good mood, so he naturally didn’t want Yannick to be content either. 
Frank darkly commented beside him, "Those with beautiful voices, whether male or female, tend to be ugly. You go find her; you’ll probably find a disgusting woman instead." 
Yannick Luther: "I won’t listen; I won’t listen. I say she’s a little fairy, and she must be a little fairy. I trust my instincts!" 
"Heh, why don’t we make a bet?" 
"A bet? On what?" 
"If she’s as ugly as I said, then you’ll lose a car to me. You’ll give me that supercar you just got recently. If she’s beautiful, then I lose, and I’ll give you a car."
###Chapter 464: Chapter 466: I’m really sorry to trouble you again and make you spend more money
Yannick Luther immediately became interested: "Really?" 
Frank Parker snorted coldly: "Just a car. Who’s joking with you?" 
"Alright!" Yannick Luther agreed in excitement, with a confident look in his eyes, "You’ll definitely lose. Frank, I’m already thanking you in advance for spending money on me. Sorry, really." 
Frank Parker: "Heh." 
* 
In the private room on the other side. 
Joanna Lawrence indulged herself this time by booking a luxurious private room, which was just for her and Aria Rowlett. 
As the highest-level entertainment luxe lounge in Closia, the sound quality of the karaoke bar was simply fantastic. 
Joanna Lawrence picked out a song she used to sing often, and after singing just a couple of lines, Aria Rowlett clapped, excited: "Wow, Baby, it sounds so good! Even better than the original singer!" 
At this moment, 
Aria Rowlett, sitting cross-legged on the couch, looked like a little fan with her hands propping up her chin and her eyes sparkling. 
Joanna Lawrence became a little embarrassed by her compliments. 
"Not really, the original singer sings much better than I do." 
"I’m serious, Baby. Really, it sounds even better than the original singer." Aria Rowlett listened with rapt attention and couldn’t help but exclaim, "Baby, it’s a pity that you don’t sing with such a great voice. With your singing ability, you could easily win first place in any singing competition." 
"Of course, I’m talking about in a fair competition." 
The first time Aria Rowlett heard Joanna Lawrence sing, she was amazed. 
How to describe this? 
She thought Joanna’s voice was not only beautiful but also very clean and ethereal. 
It was a very distinctive voice with a high degree of recognition. Anyone who heard it once would remember her singing. 
In the music industry, this was indeed an advantageous condition. 
There were many people who sang beautifully, but few had such highly-recognizable voices. 
It’s like actors - many people have good looks, but not many actors have unique appearances that appeal to the audience. 
Once someone possessed these above conditions, they could undoubtedly become popular. 
It’s just a pity that although Joanna Lawrence had a great voice, she was not interested in singing. 
Instead, she wanted to act. 
Aria Rowlett found this quite regrettable. 
After finishing the song, Joanna Lawrence put the microphone down on the coffee table. 
"Baby, have you ever considered participating in a competition like that? Actually, even if you want to be an actress in the future, you could still join a singing competition first. Once you have gained some popularity, it would be great to transition to an actress." 
Aria Rowlett truly felt that it was a pity for Joanna Lawrence not to pursue singing with such a beautiful voice. 
It felt like a waste of talent. 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head: "Forget it. I’m not cut out for that. I just want to quietly act." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She sang so beautifully and still said she wasn’t cut out for it.
Was she intentionally provoking those like her who didn’t have much musical talent? 
If she had that vocal ability, she would be so proud of herself. 
The accompaniment began playing, and just as Aria Rowlett picked up the microphone, there was a knock on the door. The private room door was opened, and a server walked in with a large bouquet of red roses. 
"Excuse me, ladies. I was wondering which one of you was singing just now?" 
Seeing the two girls in the private room, the server’s eyes flashed with amazement. 
Aria Rowlett and Joanna Lawrence exchanged glances for a few seconds before Joanna Lawrence stood up and said, "It was me. What’s the matter?" 
The server approached and handed her the bouquet of red roses, smiling, "Miss, a gentleman was captivated by your singing and asked me to give you these flowers as a symbol of his admiration."
###Chapter 465: Chapter 467: A Very Beautiful Little Girl
"Miss, please accept this bouquet of flowers." 
As the waiter spoke, he lifted his head to gaze at Joanna Lawrence a few more times, thinking that this young and beautiful girl was about to have a stroke of good luck. 
Just by her voice alone, it had already won Mr. Luther’s admiration. 
Once Mr. Luther saw her in person, he’d most likely be entranced too. 
She was so beautiful, what man wouldn’t like her? 
It was well-known that Mr. Luther was a lavish spender, especially when it came to women he was interested in. He’d certainly be even more generous. 
A freely given tip from him could be more than what an ordinary person could earn in a lifetime. 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated: "Did someone ask you to send me these flowers?" 
"Yes." The waiter thought for a moment, and kindly reminded her, "The gentleman is one of our VIP clients, with an unspeakably prestigious status. He is over there in a private room, hoping to have the opportunity to chat with you in person." 
"If you’re willing, I can take you to him now." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Was she being hit on? 
"VIP, which VIP?" Aria Rowlett turned to look at the bright red roses, a thought crossed her mind, and she sprang up, "Baby, could it be the heartthrob? Is he trying to make peace with you in this way?" 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback. 
Ashton Heath? 
No way, how would he know she was here? 
She didn’t tell him, did she? 
She turned to the waiter, dubiously: "Do you know the surname of this gentleman and what is his name?" 
The waiter gave a slight smile, nodding: "It is Yannick Luther, the young master of the Luther family. Miss, you’ve likely heard of him, yes?" 
The waiter assumed when he mentioned the name, the young lady across him would be shocked, then extremely delighted and excited. 
After all, the name Yannick Luther was a symbol of power and aristocratic privilege. 
No young lady could resist such a temptation. 
Yet, the result was not quite the one he envisioned. 
The young lady opposite did indeed show surprise upon hearing the name Yannick Luther and after a few seconds a very strange smile appeared on her face. It wasn’t the color of surprise... 
"Yannick Luther? Are you sure?" 
"...Yes, yes." 
"Well, that’s great. I’ll accept the flowers. Could you please pass a message to him?" 
* 
A few minutes later. 
A waiter walked out of the private room with a strange expression on his face. 
When he reached Room 888, he gently knocked on the door. 
Soon, someone from the inside replied: "Come in." 
The waiter pushed open the door and entered, his gaze fell on Yannick Luther, who was drinking wine with his legs propped up. 
He proceeded on, respectfully saying: "Mr. Luther." 
As soon as the waiter entered, the few people in the private room all turned to look at him.
Frank Parker was also holding a glass of wine, he smirked and asked: "So, did you see her? Is she an ugly alien or a beauty?" 
The waiter glanced at Mr. Parker, lowered his head, and respectfully answered: "Mr. Parker, I saw her. She’s a very beautiful young lady." 
To be precise, she was exceptionally beautiful. 
In all his years working at Luxe Lounge, he had never seen such a beautiful young lady. 
She was even more beautiful than many celebrities. 
Frank Parker’s face stiffened a bit, and he furrowed his eyebrows: "Are you sure she’s very beautiful?" 
"She truly is beautiful." The waiter visualizing the image of her in his mind from just a while ago still found it amazing, "She’s like a fairy, very good-looking." 
"Hahaha." Yannick Luther couldn’t contain his delight and burst out laughing. Amidst his laughter and clapping, he said in high spirits, "I knew it. My intuition was right. Frank, you lost the bet. Don’t forget what you said."
###Chapter 466: Chapter 468: This time, I’ve encountered true love.
Frank Parker had a stinky expression on his face. 
He suddenly stood up and snorted coldly, "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You said she was a fairy, and if she’s just an ordinary beauty, that doesn’t count." 
"Fine, we’ll see." Yannick Luther also stood up, laughing and saying, "I’ll let you die knowing the truth. But this is the girl your brother has a crush on, so don’t try to steal her from me." 
Rebecca Kelloway was there too. 
After Yannick said this, Frank immediately turned his head to look at Rebecca, and as if to make a statement, he said, "I have no interest in those unidentified women outside. Don’t assume everyone is as casual as you are." 
"Tsk, tsk, tsk." Yannick saw Frank’s reaction and teased, "So you’re not interested in women outside, are you interested in women nearby?" 
"Ahem." 
Rebecca, who had been silent, covered her mouth and coughed lightly, glared at Yannick, and slowly stood up as well. 
She pursed her lips, smiled elegantly, and said, "I’ll go with you guys? I’d like to see what this girl you’re talking about looks like too." 
Rebecca had been feeling a little uneasy listening to Yannick and Frank talking about that girl. 
Out of the four of them, she was the only girl. 
So no matter when, she was always the most beloved and the focal point. 
But now, these two men around her were discussing a strange woman, leaving her ignored. 
It annoyed her. 
Especially when Yannick kept calling her a little fairy, as if she really was one. 
She wanted to see just how beautiful this woman could be. 
Rebecca was confident in her appearance. 
She didn’t think the so-called little fairy could look good. 
She went along to have a comparison. 
In a while, when Yannick and the others saw that woman, they would find out she was nothing special. 
Yannick didn’t know about Rebecca’s thoughts, but when he saw her wanting to go, he nodded and said, "Okay, Rebecca can come with us. It would be boring for you to be here alone. You can also meet and get to know my new girlfriend." 
Rebecca was taken aback, and then laughed, "New girlfriend? You haven’t even met her yet, and you’re already thinking of her as your girlfriend?" 
Yannick squinted his eyes, his longing and desire for love shining through, "I have a feeling that I’ve met my true love this time. If her appearance is also my ideal type, I will never look at another woman again and be devoted only to her." 
Rebecca: "..." 
Frank Parker: "..." 
This guy, what a drama queen. 
"Ahem, that..." Seeing that the group was about to leave the private room, the waiter remembered Joanna Lawrence’s message for him to pass on and quickly approached Yannick, saying, "Mr. Luther, that lady asked me to pass on a message to you." 
"Oh?" Yannick stopped and stroked his chin, looking quite interested, "What did my girlfriend say to you? Did she know I sent her flowers, and she was so happy and excited that she wanted to see me right away?" 
Waiter: "...No."
"No? Then what is it?" 
"The lady said...she said, ’Grady, do you want to get your ass kicked?’" 
Everyone simultaneously froze: "..."
###Chapter 467: Chapter 469 Joanna, Is This Your Friend?
Yannick Luther was dumbfounded, "She called me Yannick the Third?" 
"Yes..." 
"Holy shit!" Cold sweat immediately broke out on Yannick’s forehead. Startled, he almost jumped up, "Could it be my sister?!" 
But, could his sister sing so beautifully? 
Could his sister have such a sweet and soft voice? 
How had he never noticed before? 
Yannick wondered why he had guessed it was his sister first. 
Because there were only a few people who called him Yannick the Third. Excluding his grandma, his mom, and Rebecca Kelloway, it would only be his sister among the young females. 
The waiter didn’t know what Ms. Joanna Luther looked like, but he could guess that the girl just now definitely couldn’t be her. 
The age, appearance, and demeanor all didn’t match. 
"Mr. Yannick, she’s a very young girl. She shouldn’t be Ms. Joanna, right?" 
"Not my sister?" Yannick was even more confused, "Who could it be then?" 
Now even Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway started to get curious. 
* 
The waiter led them to the outside of the private room. 
After knocking on the door, a soft female voice called from inside, "Come in." 
However, the door was kept closed, and there was still music playing inside. 
That soft voice was somewhat unclear. 
Yet, Yannick already had a vague and unpleasant hunch. 
He felt... This voice seemed somewhat familiar, as if he had heard it somewhere before. 
When the waiter opened the door and Yannick, full of curiosity, was the first to walk into the private room, he froze the moment he laid eyes on Joanna Lawrence. 
"Lit-little-sis-sister-in-law?!" 
Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway, who followed behind, were also momentarily stunned. 
A few seconds later, with a complicated look in her eyes, Rebecca Kelloway glanced at Joanna, bit her lip and squeezed out the words, "So you guys were here." 
Thinking about what happened at the Secret Revolving Restaurant, Rebecca’s face became even colder. 
Frank Parker felt a strange feeling in his heart when he caught Joanna Lawrence’s soft, dark eyes. 
"So it was you." 
Aria Rowlett stood up with a dark expression when she saw Rebecca, and rudely replied, "This Closia city is just too small. Even just coming out to sing, we can bump into annoying people. If I had known, I wouldn’t have come here." 
Naturally, because of the incident at the revolving restaurant, Aria didn’t have very good feelings towards Rebecca. 
Moreover, after learning about Rebecca’s relationship with Ashton Heath from Joanna, Aria had an even worse opinion of this woman trying to steal her best friend’s man. 
So what if the heartthrob has known this woman for a long time? 
Now, he’s married to her bestie. 
If she was a true friend, she would know to avoid suspicions. No matter how close their relationship was before, once her good friend gets married and has a wife, she should at least avoid him a bit. 
Any intentions should be put aside. 
Or if she really can’t let go, at least hide it in her heart and not make it obvious. 
But that day at the Secret Revolving Restaurant, she clearly saw that this woman named Rebecca had other intentions towards her handsome male god. 
Her feelings towards the heartthrob were absolutely not just friendship. 
A love rival to her best friend is also her enemy! 
Rebecca Kelloway grew up pampered and sheltered as a young lady, with a prominent family background in the Kelloway family. Since a young age, she had always been adored by others. 
In addition, Yannick and his group of children of influential families treated her exceptionally well. It could be said that she had never been mistreated by anyone else. 
Nobody even dared to make her angry. 
Her eyes instantly turned cold, and she clenched her fists. Taking a deep breath, she suppressed her anger and said to Joanna, "Joanna, is this your friend? I don’t think I’ve offended her, have I? Aren’t her words a bit too much?"
###Chapter 468: Chapter 470: That Look, It’s Kind of Weird
Frank Parker and Yannick Luther were there. 
However angered Rebecca Kelloway was, she wouldn’t vent it on the spot. 
Joanna Lawrence used to think about maintaining a superficial relationship with Rebecca. 
Even if they couldn’t become real friends, it was fine to be ordinary friends. 
After all, Rebecca and Ashton Heath had been acquainted for many years. 
She didn’t want their friendship to go sour because of herself. 
But now, she had changed her mind. 
After Rebecca had verbally bullied and humiliated her brother, she stopped thinking about keeping up appearances.
She looked at the three people who had entered, then turned her gaze to Rebecca. After a few seconds of eye contact, she smirked, "Ms. Kelloway, we are not very close, so you better call me Ms. Joanna. As for what Aria just said, sorry, I don’t think there’s anything overboard about it." 
Rebecca was startled, her face stiffened, "You..." 
"Everyone has the right to like and dislike others. Ms. Kelloway, you can’t think Aria is overboard just because she doesn’t like you. After all, the only thing that everyone loves is money, wouldn’t you agree?" 
Rebecca’s face turned green hearing this. 
A few seconds later, she turned around puzzled and wronged, bit her lower lip corner, and said injuredly, "It seems that I am not welcome here. I...I will leave." 
If she said this in the past, Frank Parker and Yannick Luther would definitely stop her and speak up for her. 
But this time, after Rebecca spoke, she saw neither Yannick Luther nor Frank Parker had any intention to stop her. 
And no one was speaking up for her. 
Yannick Luther even nodded approvingly when he heard her say she wanted to leave, "Hmm, Rebecca you go first. I have a few words to say to my sister-in-law, I’ll come find you later." 
"Frank, will you accompany Rebecca?" 
When Yannick Luther asked Frank Parker, he saw Frank Parker staring at Joanna Lawrence intently. 
His gaze was a bit strange. 
Frank Parker seemed not to have heard what he was saying and did not respond. 
Yannick Luther was stunned for a few seconds, his heart thumped, and he was startled by the thought that popped into his head. 
No way. 
What on earth was this guy looking at by staring at my sister-in-law without even blinking. 
His gaze is so strange. 
This guy... can’t be suddenly finding my sister-in-law very beautiful and falling for her, right? 
When this thought flashed through his mind, Yannick Luther jumped in fright. 
He felt that if he really guessed it right, it would be too terrifying. 
By then, it could possibly erupt into a world war. 
Frank Parker’s silence made Rebecca also notice the anomaly. She turned her head and saw Frank Parker’s gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence, looking very fascinated. 
He was so fascinated that he didn’t even respond when Yannick Luther just spoke to him. 
Rebecca’s face changed instantly. 
A sense of crisis welled up in her heart. 
Frank Parker had never looked at Joanna Lawrence like this before. 
Rebecca clearly saw that there was not the least bit of disgust in Frank Parker’s eyes. His attitude towards Joanna Lawrence was completely different from before. 
She felt an inexplicable panic in her heart. 
How could this be? 
Wasn’t Frank Parker disgusted with Joanna Lawrence because of her? 
Up until now, only Frank Parker was on the same side as her, willing to help and protect her. If even he... 
"Frank..." In her panic, she couldn’t help but called out to Frank Parker. 
However, Frank Parker seemed as if he hadn’t heard her. He didn’t have any reactions. 
His gaze was still staring directly at Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 469: Chapter 471: Why is there a scent on you?
Rebecca Kelloway’s face turned ugly, gritting her teeth, feeling as if there was a fire burning in her heart, anger and jealousy erupting at the same time. 
She glared at Frank Parker angrily, then turned her head, staring fiercely at Yannick Luther, and shouted angrily, "Fine, if none of you want to leave, then I’ll go by myself!" 
With that, she stormed out of the private room. 
"Rebecca, wait!" Yannick Luther, watching Rebecca Kelloway run out of the private room, quickly reached out and slapped Frank Parker, "Frank, what are you daydreaming about? Rebecca left in anger, hurry up and chase after her!" 
Frank’s current demeanor truly made Yannick Luther feel uneasy. 
This guy seemed entirely off. 
Normally, as long as Rebecca Kelloway was around, all his attention would be on her. 
Except for Rebecca, everyone else seemed to be transparent in his eyes. 
But just now, even Rebecca couldn’t bring him back to his senses. 
No wonder Rebecca was so angry she left directly. 
This guy must have been really smitten by Joanna’s beauty. 
The slap finally jolted Frank Parker back to reality, and he pulled his gaze away from Joanna Lawrence. 
"Rebecca left?" Frank Parker, belatedly realizing that she had gone. 
Yannick Luther: "..."
His lips twitched, "Didn’t you hear me talking to you just now? Rebecca left because of you, why aren’t you running after her?" 
Frank Parker blinked, surprised, "She left because of me?" 
"Who else could it be? She tried to talk to you just now, and you ignored her. She got angry and left." 
As soon as Yannick Luther finished speaking, Frank Parker turned around and strode out to chase Rebecca Kelloway. 
As he reached the door, Frank Parker hesitated for a moment. 
He turned his head, his eyes once again locked onto Joanna Lawrence with his narrow, gentle eyes, a hint of hesitation flashing through them, "Ms. Joanna, may I ask you a question?" 
Joanna Lawrence, surprised to be called upon, looked at him. 
What?! 
She hadn’t just hallucinated, had she? 
Frank Parker was actually calling her Ms. Joanna? And his tone was polite too? 
Before, he had always addressed her by her full name, and his tone had been extremely rude. 
What happened today? It’s as if he switched personalities; unlike before, he didn’t show her an unpleasant face or insult her as soon as he saw her. 
Did the sun rise from the west today? 
Considering his relatively good attitude, Joanna Lawrence suppressed the confusion in her heart and nodded, "Sure, go ahead." 
Frank Parker looked at her hesitantly for a few more seconds before finally asking, "Can you tell me what brand of perfume you’re using?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
Yannick Luther: "" 
What on earth does this guy want?! 
After Frank Parker asked the question, he didn’t say anything else, just silently waiting for Joanna Lawrence to answer him. 
Joanna Lawrence stared for a few seconds, then slowly came to her senses. 
She assumed Frank Parker wanted to buy a gift for a woman, so he asked that question. After thinking for a moment, she replied earnestly, "I don’t have any perfume on, so I can’t answer your question." 
"You’re not wearing perfume? Then why do you have a fragrant scent on you?" 
"..." 
As soon as he said this, everyone fell silent for a few seconds. 
Yannick Luther’s eyes widened even more as he took three steps and two to stand in front of Frank Parker, grabbing his arm and lowering his voice, "Frank, what’s going on? Joanna is our sister-in-law! What were you talking about just now?" 
In one sense, a male saying such words to a female might be a bit ambiguous. 
It’s even more inappropriate to say such words to a woman who already has a husband or boyfriend.
###Chapter 470: Chapter 472: What is Frank up to this time?
Frank Parker seemed to not know this, he pushed Yannick Luther away, raised his head, his eyes once again fell on Joanna Lawrence’s face, stubbornly asking, "So you really didn’t use perfume? Then where did the scent on you come from?" 
He was desperate to know the answer. 
Joanna’s face didn’t look too good, her eyebrows furrowed, "I’ve already answered you." 
"Then why does your body have a scent?" 
Yannick Luther: "Frank, have you gone crazy? What are you doing?" 
Frank Parker was very stubborn: "All you need to do is answer me, why does your body have a scent? If it’s not the smell of perfume, then what is it?" 
Joanna was getting a little angry at him, and her tone cooled down when she spoke again, "Mr. Parker, this is very rude of you." 
"I know, but I really want to find out the answer, your answer is very important to me. Ms. Joanna, even if I have to ask for your help, could you please tell me the answer?" 
The man’s tone was very polite, so polite that Joanna couldn’t believe the person in front of her was Frank Parker. 
In those narrow and gloomy eyes, it seemed like there was a trace of confusion, as if he was bewildered by something. 
Joanna looked at his handsome and beautiful face and couldn’t help but feel like he wasn’t so annoying anymore. 
It must be said that Frank Parker, under normal circumstances, was quite easy on the eyes. 
At this point, she realized that this matter might really be very important to Frank Parker. 
Otherwise, in the situation where he hated her so much, his attitude towards her would not be like this. 
She couldn’t say she hated Frank Parker, but she didn’t have any good feelings about him either. 
Considering his polite attitude, she decided to be a good person once: "Maybe it’s the smell of my shampoo." 
Ashton Heath had mentioned that she smelled nice and asked her what perfume she used. 
But she herself couldn’t really smell it. 
After thinking about it, it must be the scent left over from the shampoo she used. 
"Shampoo?" Frank Parker blinked, "What brand of shampoo?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"The shampoo you mentioned, is it still in production?" 
"..." 
After asking a bunch of odd questions, Frank Parker left with a serious expression on his face. 
Yannick Luther stood at the door, watching his retreating figure, still bewildered. 
It wasn’t until he was far away that he finally couldn’t help but burst out: "What the hell is Frank up to?" 
If he wasn’t clear about it, Joanna would be even more clueless. 
"Little sister-in-law, could there be any secrets between you and Frank that I don’t know about?" Yannick Luther returned to the private room, full of doubts, looking at Joanna suspiciously.
Joanna Lawrence: "... Do you think Frank and I look like we’d have secrets?" 
Yannick Luther: "... No." 
"Mr. Yannick, let’s not talk about Mr. Parker for now; how about we talk about something else interesting?" Joanna bent down to pick up a bouquet of red roses from the table, smiling and sweet, "For example, these roses?" 
Yannick Luther’s expression on his face froze. 
At the moment he opened the private room door and saw Joanna sitting inside, he knew what had happened. 
At that time, he was annoyed as hell. 
And regretful as hell. 
He had thought he had met his soulmate, but it turned out... 
With the thought that he had to save his skin, he immediately put on a smiling face: "It’s a misunderstanding, little sister-in-law, definitely a misunderstanding. These flowers are for..."
###Chapter 471: Chapter 473: How about we arrange a meeting?
Joanna’s lips curved again, "What is it?" 
Yannick’s eyes darted about before stopping on Aria, who was sitting on the sofa. He hesitated for a moment, then his eyes lit up, and he spoke with a beaming smile, "It’s for this beautiful lady with you." 
He walked over, took the bouquet of roses from Joanna’s hands, and slowly approached Aria. With a seductive and charming smile on his lips, he spoke in a husky and enticing voice, "Miss, from the moment I saw you, I knew I was smitten. Your beauty and grace have captivated me, driving me mad. These roses represent my feelings for you. Will you accept them?" 
After saying this, he handed the roses to Aria and stared at her with deep affection. 
Yannick was born with a silver spoon, good looks, and sweet-talking skills. When he tried to please a woman, there was no one who could resist him. 
Caught off guard by the confession from such a handsome guy, Aria hesitated for a few seconds and pointed at herself, "These flowers... are for me?" 
"Yes," Yannick said in a low and gentle voice, extremely flirtatious. 
"But just now, the waiter said they were for Joanna," Aria hadn’t been dazzled by his charm yet and bluntly exposed him. 
Yannick: "..." 
His expression stiffened for a few seconds before his peach blossom eyes narrowed, revealing a charming smile again, "I made a mistake. Actually, I’ve noticed you for a long time, but I didn’t know how to approach you without scaring you. When I heard singing coming from your private room, I thought it was you singing, so..." 
At this point, Yannick thought he was extremely clever. 
Being able to think of such a perfect excuse. 
Seamless and flawless, leaving no room for any doubts. 
He was too smart. 
Unbeknownst to him, the other two people in the private room were now staring at him with the same incredulity as if they were looking at a mentally handicapped child. 
Does Mr. Luther think they’re idiots?
To pass them off with such a lame excuse. 
However, since he liked to perform so much, they would just sit back and watch the show. 
"So, do you understand my feelings now?" Yannick said, full of sincerity and affection, "Give me a chance and let me prove my love for you, okay?" 
"Sure," Aria smiled and took the roses he handed her, agreeing without hesitation. 
Seeing her agree so quickly and openly, Yannick was caught off guard before he feigned a delighted expression, "You accepted me?" 
Aria continued to smile, "Didn’t you just say I should give you a chance so you can prove yourself?" 
"...Yeah." 
"Then what are you waiting for?" 
Aria got up with the roses in her arms and smiled at him, "Better today than a day we pick, better action than just feelings. Let’s start proving now. Hmm, it’s still early, why don’t we go on a date?" 
Yannick: "..." 
The handsome peach blossom face gradually lost its smile. 
"R-right now?" 
"Yes, is there a problem?" 
Having just confessed his feelings, of course, Yannick couldn’t say there was a problem. 
He looked at Aria’s stunning face, his heart wailing in despair as he begrudgingly said through gritted teeth, "No problem. But, we haven’t prepared anything for a last-minute date. Won’t it be too hasty? I don’t want our first date to be this rushed. How about we do it another day...?"
###Chapter 472: Chapter 474: Imagining Her as a Vulgar, Gold-Digging Woman
"No problem." Aria Rowlett winked at him, "I don’t mind." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
This damned woman seemed so eager. 
Could it be that after learning about his identity, she wanted to lock him down before he had a chance to change his mind in the future? 
Yannick Luther’s opinion of Aria Rowlett had decreased significantly. 
There were quite a few women after his money, but this was the first time someone had been this blatant about it. 
He couldn’t have imagined that Joanna’s soft and adorable bestie would be such a strange character. 
It wouldn’t do! 
He’d have to remind Joanna to keep her distance from this particular best friend sometime. 
A woman this materialistic was bound to be a bad influence. 
"Alright then." Yannick Luther gritted his teeth and looked down on Aria Rowlett but maintained a love-struck expression, "As long as you don’t mind." 
"So, shall we?" Aria Rowlett raised her brow impatiently. 
Yannick Luther suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. 
He regretted his actions. 
He should have just apologized to Joanna, rather than impulsively pick a woman to confess to out of fear of getting beaten up by Ashton. 
"Cough, I can’t wait to go out on a date immediately with you. But, is it really okay for us to leave Joanna alone here?" Yannick decided to try and struggle a bit more. 
"No problem." Aria Rowlett smiled and looped her arm through Joanna’s, winking at her, "Baby, I’m going on a date now. Are you okay by yourself?" 
"Aria, you..." Joanna didn’t understand what Aria Rowlett was up to. 
But, based on her knowledge of Aria, she knew she wasn’t genuinely interested in Yannick Luther. 
And Yannick Luther’s confession had also been an act. 
So, what were those two really up to? 
"Since you’re okay, I’ll go ahead then." Aria Rowlett turned to leave, shoving the roses into Yannick’s arms. She walked to the private room exit, stopping to look back and flutter her eyelashes, "Mr. Yannick, hurry up." 
She intentionally made her voice as sweet and cutesy as possible, causing Yannick to shudder and feel goosebumps all over his body. 
He nearly stumbled and fell down. 
* 
Exiting the Luxe Lounge. 
Just as Yannick Luther was about to retrieve his car, he heard Aria Rowlett call out to him, "Um, Mr. Yannick, can you wait a moment?" 
Her voice sounded less annoying when she resumed her normal tone. 
Yannick Luther turned around. Although he hated this woman, he still remained polite due to her being Joanna’s best friend, "Is there anything you need, Ms. Aria?" 
Aria Rowlett smiled, playfully flicking her hair that fell in front of her chest. 
From Yannick’s perspective, this gesture seemed like she was trying to flirt with him. 
He couldn’t help but scoff to himself. 
Trying to flirt with him this way with such limited skills? 
Did she not know that he’d been around far more women than the salt she’d consumed in her lifetime? 
Did she really think he was the kind of man who could be easily seduced? 
Ridiculous, childish! 
Aria Rowlett had no idea that the man in front of her had already built up a whole narrative in his head, labeling her as a vulgar gold digger. 
She reached out her hand, each slim and fair finger elongating gracefully, looking attractive. Then, with a smile, she said to Yannick Luther, "Mr. Yannick, can I borrow your phone? I just need to send a message." 
Yannick Luther was taken aback, "Borrow my phone?" 
"Yes, is that okay?" 
Yannick Luther stared at her for a few seconds, slowly raising the corner of his lips. In the depth of his eyes flashed a knowing look reflecting the sense of having seen through everything.
###Chapter 473: Chapter 475: The Mind Doesn’t Seem Quite Normal
Hehe, it’s the same old trick again. 
Pretending her phone is out of power, borrowing his phone to send his number to her phone. 
Just say it straight if she wants his contact. 
Tsk tsk, women nowadays have more and more thoughts. 
With an understanding and not wanting to expose her for the sake of his sister-in-law, he still gave her some face and didn’t reveal her on the spot. 
He handed her his charmingly-smiling phone: "Of course, not to mention one message, you can send as many as you want." 
Aria took the phone, and reached out to tuck a strand of hair from her forehead, showing him a bright smile: "Thank you, Mr. Yannick." 
Yannick’s thought: Hehe, want to flirt with me again? 
At this moment, Aria’s thought: Gosh, this man looks good, but he seems a bit off, his smile is kinda creepy. 
After taking the phone, Aria endured the strange and creepy gaze from across her and quickly found Ashton Heath’s number, sending him a text: "Heartthrob, it’s Aria. Baby is at Dark Light Club private room 523, come pick her up when you have time. She doesn’t seem in a good mood tonight, has had a bit of alcohol, feeling tipsy. I’m tied up at the moment and can’t accompany her, and I’m worried about her going home alone. If you’re not available, please arrange someone to pick her up." 
As soon as Aria’s message was sent, it only took a few seconds before Ashton Heath called back. 
The instant her phone rang, she was startled. 
When she saw it was Ashton Heath who called, she became excited again and picked up the call right away: "H-heartthrob?" 
As she called out the name "Heartthrob," Yannick frowned at her. 
Who is this woman taking the call for? 
Is it a man calling? 
How dare she call someone "heartthrob" in front of him? 
What’s all this about? 
Is she trying to rouse his jealousy and make him think she’s not that into him? Playing hard to get? 
Hehe, it must be. 
She doesn’t look like the shrewd, scheming kind, but she sure has a deep mind. 
One tactic after another. 
A deep and pleasant voice came through the phone: "Hmm. You said Joanna is still at Dark Light Club?" 
"Yes." 
"Is she drunk?" 
"Just a little tipsy." 
"Are you with Yannick Luther now?" 
"Mhm." 
"Hand the phone to him, I have a few words to say to him." 
"Oh." As Aria raised her head, she met Yannick’s strange and creepy gaze, which frightened her so much that her hand shook as she passed the phone over, "Mr. Yannick, take the call." 
Yannick was stunned: "Me? Answer the call?" 
Aria nodded: "Yes." 
Yannick stared deeply into her eyes, wanting to see what tricks she was playing. 
He took the phone and just as he said "hello," he was taken aback when he heard the voice from the other end. 
A minute later, he awkwardly hung up with an indescribable expression on his face. 
Looking back at Aria, he had a strange expression: "Did you borrow my phone to send a message to Ashton?" 
"Mhm, he and Joanna had a little misunderstanding. So, I lied to get him here. By the way, what did he say on the phone just now? Is he coming?" 
"He told me to look after sister-in-law for a while and alert Luxe Lounge. He’ll be here soon." 
"That’s good." Aria finally felt relieved, and since she had completed her task, she was ready to go back, "Mr. Yan-
###Chapter 474: Chapter 476: She actually... just left like this?
Yannick, thank you for going along with my act just now. It was nice meeting you, and I hope we can see each other again sometime. I’ll be going home now." 
"Goodbye." 
After saying these insincere words, Aria saw an empty taxi drive by on the street and immediately waved her hand. 
The taxi backed up and stopped beside her. 
She opened the door, got in, and closed the door with a "pat." From start to finish, even as the taxi drove past Yannick, Aria never looked at him again. 
And just like that... she left. 
Yannick stood there as if frozen, not moving at all. 
She really... just left like that? 
He couldn’t believe his face, utterly unconvinced that he had just received such treatment. 
So, was her eagerness to go on a date with him all fake? 
She wasn’t really here to go on a date with him at all. 
She just wanted an excuse to leave and use his phone to contact Ashton Heath? 
At this moment, Yannick felt like someone had just cruelly slapped his face, making it "pa pa" in pain. 
Aria’s unhesitating departure turned all his previous thoughts into wishful fantasies. 
Right now. 
He was just glad he hadn’t done anything more embarrassing. 
Originally, he planned to explain to Aria that he was just joking before and didn’t really intend to pursue her. 
He wanted to cut off her ill-intended thoughts of clinging onto his wealthy leg, so she wouldn’t harbor any illusions about him. 
Fortunately, he didn’t have a chance to say it. 
Yannick stood there in a daze for a long time, not moving an inch at the entrance of Luxe Lounge with the deep night enveloping him. 
Like a squat statue. 
* 
Joanna had no idea that Aria had contacted Ashton Heath. 
After Aria left, she was the only one left in the private room. 
Her phone dinged twice, and she picked it up to see that Aria had sent her a message on Twitter. 
Sweet Aria: Baby, I’m sorry I said I’d be with you. You’re still at Luxe Lounge, right? You haven’t left, have you? 
Joanna didn’t even want to bother with her. 
But she still replied: Are you with Yannick Luther now? Aria, don’t tell me you really like him; I won’t believe it. 
Fluffy Cutie: What are you up to? Be honest! 
ively speaking, Yannick had excellent conditions. 
He came from a prominent family, was handsome, had a great physique, and was known to be generous and good at making women happy. 
You could say, having a lover like him would make anyone proud to show off. 
It wasn’t that she thought Aria couldn’t like him because his conditions were bad. 
But a man with his kind of personality just wasn’t Aria’s type. 
Even though Aria had an outgoing personality and was always chattering, she preferred mature and steady men. 
Sweet Aria: Mr. Yannick is so handsome, rich, and knows how to woo people with sweet words. Why can’t I like him? You know I’m a sucker for looks; I absolutely adore super handsome guys like him. 
Fluffy Cutie: You can fool others with these words, but you think I’ll believe them? You won’t tell me, huh? Fine, we’re done being friends. 
Sweet Aria: No, baby I’m sorry. Fine, I admit I had another purpose, but I can’t tell you yet.
Fluffy Cutie: We’re done! 
Sweet Aria: ... 
After sending that message, Joanna threw her phone onto the couch and ignored Aria.
###Chapter 475: Chapter 477: Didn’t Expect It to Be You
She booked two hours of singing time, and it’s not even an hour yet. 
The consumption here was quite high, so she didn’t want to leave early. 
With the mindset of not wasting money since she was already here, she decided to sing for the full two hours before leaving. 
She picked some of her favorite songs and sang them one after another. 
After more than ten minutes, she heard someone knocking outside the door. 
Assuming it was the waiter, she picked up the microphone and said, "Come in." 
The door was pushed open, and just as Joanna was about to start singing her next song, she suddenly heard a familiar voice, "Joanna, it’s you..." 
She looked up to see a familiar face and couldn’t help but be startled, "Linda, how come it’s you..." 
The person who walked into the private room was Linda. 
She had arranged to meet someone tonight to discuss something, and they had decided to meet here. 
As she passed this private room, she heard an incredibly beautiful singing voice, so beautiful that she couldn’t help but want to see the person singing. 
Linda had just signed with HE Company, and although they had given her a few artists, she still wanted to discover a few of her own to mentor and cultivate her own people. 
After all, those assigned to her by HE Company were not the same as the artists she had cultivated herself. 
She didn’t expect the person singing in the private room to be Joanna. 
Compared to Joanna’s surprise, Linda was very shocked, her face full of disbelief, "Just now... was that you singing?" 
Joanna hesitated for a few seconds, then nodded, "Yes, what’s the matter?" 
Linda was taken aback, and then she looked Joanna up and down very seriously, and finally her gaze returned to Joanna’s face, "Your voice is very good. When I heard you singing outside, I was quite amazed, so I wanted to come in and see what the singer looked like." 
"I never thought it would be you." Excitement flashed in Linda’s eyes. 
Linda really hadn’t expected it. 
After all, she had never heard Joanna sing before. 
She didn’t expect Joanna’s voice to be so amazing. Since she had been planning to sign Joanna anyway, unexpectedly discovering her singing talent was an incredible surprise. 
Joanna: "..." 
She looked at the excited expression on Linda’s face, as if she had discovered a treasure, and the corner of her mouth twitched slightly. 
"Joanna, have you thought about what I talked to you about before?" Linda asked again, changing her address and sounding a bit more affectionate. 
Joanna felt extremely uncomfortable. 
"Well, I..." 
"What concerns do you have?" Linda interrupted her, as if afraid that she would refuse. "Do you think that since I used to be Annie’s agent and have worked for Galaxy Agency for so many years, I might go back to Galaxy Agency?" 
"If this is your concern, I can tell you one hundred percent that even if David Benington begs me to go back on his knees, I will never return to Galaxy Agency. That bastard David, in order to whitewash Annie, actually claimed the person who slandered you on your campus forum was me! This damn ingrate, it’s simply disgusting! I’ve already left Galaxy Agency, and he still wants to smear me." 
"If I see him again, I’ll beat the hell out of him!" 
Linda seemed extremely angry, her chest heaving heavily. 
Her words were spoken through gritted teeth. 
It was as if she were talking about her mortal enemy.
###Chapter 476: Chapter 478: He really... is not a good person
Joanna Lawrence was stunned, blinking in surprise, "David Benington said the person who posted scandals about me on the campus forum is you?" 
How come she didn’t know about this? 
Has Galaxy Agency responded already? 
Linda took a deep breath, suppressing the anger in her heart, trying to sound calm, "Hmm. Didn’t you see the response from Galaxy Agency?" 
Joanna: "...I didn’t see." 
She hadn’t checked her blog. 
Linda looked at her, "You can go and take a look now. Joanna, I sincerely want to sign you up. I’ve had this idea before, but David wouldn’t let me take you on. Now, I’m no longer under his control since I’ve left Galaxy Agency. I hope I can take you with me to HE Company, and together, we can create an impressive record." 
As Linda said this, she looked straight into her eyes. 
Her gaze was sincere. 
Joanna could tell that she was genuine. 
Honestly, she was tempted. 
In terms of experience and skills, Linda is definitely a top-tier agent in the industry. 
Otherwise, David wouldn’t have let her personally manage Annie Lawrence. 
Acclaimed Agents like Linda usually manage top-tier artists, and rarely take on newcomers. 
Not to mention, she was now proactively inviting her. 
She was sincere and offered excellent conditions on all aspects. Joanna could not find a reason to refuse. 
She considered it carefully before replying, "I will seriously think about it, and I’ll get back to you tomorrow. Is that alright?" 
"Of course." 
For Linda, Joanna’s decision to not reject her immediately is already a great outcome. 
After all, she had managed Annie Lawrence before. 
If Joanna had any concerns, it would be normal. 
"I’ll call you tomorrow," Linda looked at her watch, getting ready to leave. 
Those advertisers were still waiting for her; she couldn’t leave them waiting too long. 
"Okay," Joanna nodded, "we’ll talk again tomorrow." 
"Okay, we’ll be in touch tomorrow. I have some things to attend to, so I’ll go first." 
After saying this, Linda turned and walked towards the door. As she reached the door, she paused with one hand on the door and looked back at Joanna with a smile, "Joanna, leaving David is the right choice. He really...isn’t worth anything. Also, I believe David will regret this one day. If the day comes when he realizes Annie..." 
At this point, Linda’s voice suddenly paused. 
She curved her lips into a smile, "Anyway, leaving a scumbag like him is a good thing. There are some things I can’t reveal right now, but if those two keep pestering me, and push me too far, I’ll make them know what regret and price really mean." 
After that, Linda walked out of the private room. 
Joanna thought about her words and guessed that Linda must have some dirt on Annie or David. 
After all, she had been at Galaxy Agency for so long and had even been Annie’s agent, so she must have some information. 
Why it had not been exposed yet is because she didn’t want to make things too drastic. 
But if David and Annie further provoked her, she would release all that information. 
At this moment, a little devil emerged in Joanna’s heart. 
She actually...hoped Linda would expose those scandals. 
She was quite curious, what kind of scandals do Annie and David have? 
And what did Linda mean by her last sentence?
###Chapter 477: Chapter 479: Is He Really Not Paying Attention to Her Anymore?
Could it be that Annie Lawrence has some kind of secret that David Benington doesn’t know about? 
* 
With Linda’s departure, Joanna Lawrence lost the mood to sing anymore. 
She was considering Linda’s invitation. 
Just now, she logged into her Blog and read the statement issued by Galaxy Agency. She was shocked by the shamelessness of David Benington and Annie Lawrence. 
Granted, she had long since seen through their fa?ades. 
But after reading that statement, she still felt that there truly was no limit to their shamelessness. 
There was no "most" shameless, only "more" shameless. 
As expected, Galaxy Agency pinned most of the blame on Linda, saying that she was the one who had leaked information on the campus forum and that they had fired her as soon as they learned of this despicable act. 
On the other hand, Galaxy Agency denied that Annie Lawrence had meddled with her relationship with David Benington. 
This was equivalent to indirectly rejecting accusations of David’s infidelity. 
The Galaxy Agency also issued a lawyer’s letter, threatening to sue those who spread smears about their artists and tarnished the company’s image on Blog. 
Because there was no real evidence that Annie Lawrence was a home wrecker, once the Galaxy Agency’s statement came out, Annie Lawrence’s fans went wild in the comments, expressing their support for Annie Lawrence and urging Galaxy Agency to expose whoever had been spreading rumors about her. 
To set an example. 
To prevent further slandering and rumouring. 
At the same time, these fans also requested that Galaxy Agency take back Linda, saying that Linda was a great agent and must have made the posts only because she couldn’t bear to see the older sister, Joanna Lawrence, bully Annie Lawrence in secret. 
Such a good agent should not be let go by Galaxy Agency. 
Quite a few fans even verbally abused Joanna Lawrence in their comments, convinced that the one who had been posting about Annie Lawrence being a home wrecker had to be her. 
They reproached her for feeling jealous upon seeing her sister’s success as an A-list celebrity with an affluent offspring boyfriend, with both love and career in full bloom, which starkly contrasted her own status as a virtually unknown newcomer. Hence, they accused Joanna of trying to bring down Annie by using the home-wrecker smear. 
There were actually not a few fans making such accusations. 
Joanna Lawrence went from being the victim of a smear campaign to a woman who was jealous and scheming against her own sister. 
Upon reading these comments, Joanna Lawrence found herself so angry that she laughed. 
But she didn’t take these fans’ comments too seriously. 
As fans, they were duty-bound to defend their idol. As she had chosen to enter the entertainment industry, she had to have thicker skin than most people. 
If a celebrity gets upset over every bad comment, they are probably going to die from sheer frustration. 
The bigger a celebrity’s name, the more criticism they face. 
And the more scandals surface. 
Almost every popular celebrity has been dredged for scandalous materials. 
Some of them are real scandals, while some are made up just for the sake of discrediting them. 
That was one reason she was disinclined to check her Blog; it often felt filled with negativity. Seeing so much negative energy could affect one’s mood. 
A few minutes after opening the statement, Joanna Lawrence stopped reading the negative comments and promptly retreated from her Blog. 
Almost three hours have passed since she sent a message to Ashton Heath. 
He still hasn’t replied. 
He hasn’t even called. 
Joanna Lawrence opened their chat interface and look at it for a while, biting her lip, feeling both aggrieved and saddened. 
Has he really decided to ignore her?
###Chapter 478: Chapter 480: Heath... Ashton Heath?
Just because she didn’t agree to be with him at night. 
How could this man be so petty? 
He said he wanted to pursue her properly, is this how he does it? 
Doesn’t give in to her at all. 
He even sulked over this trivial matter, ignored her. 
With his kind of personality, it’s no wonder no woman would accept him! 
This was the first time Joanna had been ignored by him for so long. She thought about all the tenderness and pampering he had given her before, her eyes welled up, and tears were about to fall uncontrollably. 
A bottle of beer was on the coffee table. 
It was ordered by Aria Rowlett. 
Joanna didn’t like drinking and wasn’t much of a drinker, so she rarely drank. But at this moment, she suddenly wanted to taste the beer. 
* 
When Ashton Heath pushed open the door of the private room and walked in, this was the scene he saw. 
A small figure curled up with her knees hugged on the corner of the sofa, her head hanging down, and her shoulders seemed to be trembling slightly. 
Upon hearing the movement, she looked up. 
That instant when her tearful black eyes gazed at him, his heart felt as if it had been pierced, feeling heartache. 
Was she crying?
Why was she crying? 
Was it because of him? 
He quickened his pace, feeling heartbroken and annoyed as he approached her. 
All the dissatisfaction and the slight unhappiness in his heart vanished the moment he saw her tears. 
Only deep regret and self-blame remained. 
He shouldn’t have been angry with her. 
He shouldn’t have intentionally ignored her messages or not called her. 
He shouldn’t have...intentionally given her the cold shoulder like this. 
Just thinking about her sitting alone in this private room and crying quietly for a long time made him feel unbearably heartbroken and guilty. 
But the moment Joanna looked up and saw Ashton Heath entering the private room, she was stunned. 
Tears still rolled at the corner of her eyes. Her face was wet, and she remained motionless in a position looking up at him, staring at him blankly. 
Due to drinking more than half a bottle of beer, she felt a little tipsy, and her mind was a bit muddled and not very clear. 
She blinked as she watched the tall figure getting closer and closer to her, closer and closer... 
Then, he stopped in front of her. 
Joanna squinted her eyes, then opened them again, looking a bit dazed at the handsome face above her head. After a few seconds, her small face wrinkled up: "As...Ashton Heath?" 
Was she hallucinating? 
Otherwise, why would she see Ashton Heath standing right in front of her? 
Could it be that her excessive longing for him had led to her hallucinating? 
The man’s eyes lowered down, his deep, cold gaze falling on her delicate and beautiful face, pausing for a few seconds, and then slowly squatting down. 
Being close, he smelled the faint scent of alcohol on the girl in front of him, and as he looked into her somewhat confused eyes, he suddenly understood. 
She really was drunk... 
The corner of the young girl’s eyes was still filled with tearfulness, making her long and curled eyelashes soggy. Under the light, the tears in her eyes and the teardrops on her lashes sparkled like a sprinkling of tiny diamonds. 
Her nose was slightly pink, and her teeth left faint marks on her soft pink lips. 
Ashton Heath thought he might be somewhat psychologically twisted. 
Because he actually thought her pitiful appearance was extremely adorable, beckoning others to feel sorry for her. 
He had the urge to hold her in his arms and kiss her hard. 
He reached his hand to her eye corner, wiped the wet tears, cupped her fair little face, and looked at her intently for a moment.
###Chapter 479: Chapter 481: I’m jealous, it makes me feel uncomfortable
She sighed softly, her voice surprisingly gentle: "Baby, are you crying? Tell me, why are you crying?" 
After a few seconds of silence, he sighed again, asking with guilt in his eyes, "Is it because of me?" 
Joanna stared at him blankly. 
After looking for a while, she reached out her hand and touched his face, pinching his handsome cheek lightly. 
Only when she felt the warmth of his face in her palm did she confirm that she wasn’t hallucinating. 
"Ashton Heath?" She wasn’t entirely sure, so she softly bit her lip and called his name. 
"Mmm, it’s me," Ashton Heath replied softly. 
Joanna looked at him doubtfully: "You... how did you end up here?" 
Ashton Heath fell silent for a moment before telling the truth: "Aria Rowlett called me and told me you were here. She said you were drunk and didn’t feel comfortable with you going home alone. So, I came." 
Joanna: "..." 
A few seconds later, she pouted unhappily: "Aria told you? Why does she have to meddle? Who says I can’t go home by myself?" 
In fact, she felt happy when she saw Ashton Heath. 
But, when she thought that he came because Aria contacted him, she felt unhappy again. 
If Aria hadn’t contacted him and asked him to pick her up, he wouldn’t have come, right? 
He’d been ignoring her all along. 
Wasn’t he intending to give her the cold shoulder? 
Perhaps, without Aria’s call, he might have given her the cold shoulder for a long time; who knows? 
Thinking about it, she became increasingly unhappy. 
"She’s not meddling." Ashton Heath thought her pouting was adorable, so he couldn’t resist kissing her lip corner and touching her head while gazing at her adoringly, "I’m very grateful for that call; otherwise, I wouldn’t have known how deeply I’ve wronged you." 
Joanna, kissed by him, became dazed. She blinked, looking at the handsome face close to her, her heartbeat suddenly quickened, and her voice stuttered, "Wha- what wrong?" 
She didn’t know if it was because of the alcohol she had drunk. 
She felt hot on her face, as if it was giving off heat. 
As he breathed, his warm and moist breath gently sprinkled on her lip corner, and his pleasant scent kept wafting into her nostrils. 
The man’s deep gaze looked straight at her, his eyes filled with regret, "Baby, I’m sorry; I was wrong." 
His apology was sudden. 
It took Joanna a while to process, before she bit her lip and asked softly, "Why are you apologizing to me?" 
Ashton Heath cradled one of her hands and kissed the back of it, "I was jealous, and it made me uncomfortable, so I deliberately ignored you and didn’t reply to your messages." 
As soon as he said this, Joanna’s eyes welled up with tears. 
So... he really meant to give her the cold shoulder. 
She suddenly felt wronged, very wronged. 
Seeing her tearful eyes, Ashton Heath panicked. 
He sat up on the couch and hugged her into his arms, pitying her, "Baby, why are you crying again?" 
Joanna’s eyes were red, and her nose was red too; she angrily pushed him away, "Don’t hold me, let me go!" 
At her words, Ashton Heath not only didn’t let go of her but held her even tighter. 
"I was wrong, baby. Please forgive me; I’ll never do it again." 
Joanna struggled a few times, unable to break free, and finally got angry enough to grab one of his hands and bite it.
###Chapter 480: Chapter 482: Well then, you... you can bite me too.
She was feeling suffocated, so she bit him with great force. 
As she tasted the blood, her face changed, and she quickly let go. 
Looking down, her eyes couldn’t hide a few traces of regret. 
A row of deep bite marks appeared on Ashton Heath’s hand at a visible speed. 
There were even traces of blood on some of the marks. 
Joanna Lawrence became flustered, almost to the point of tears, and hastily explained while cradling his hand, "I...I didn’t mean to. I’m so sorry. Does it hurt a lot?" 
Ashton Heath looked down at the girl in his arms, tears welling in her eyes and mixed with anxiety and self-blame, bordering on crying, and his heart softened at some point. He said softly, almost inaudibly, "Baby, don’t cry. I’m not in pain." 
"How can it not hurt?" Joanna looked up, full of guilt. Her teary eyes said, "I...I bit you so hard that you bled. I’m sorry, I really didn’t mean to. If it’s too painful for you, then...then you can bite me too." 
Although Joanna was actually afraid of pain, 
she still bravely stretched out her tender little hand. 
Ashton Heath stared at the soft, delicate hand beneath her eyelids, pausing for a moment, and the corners of his lips slowly curled into a smile. 
The curve of his lips as he smiled was incredibly charming. 
As he smiled, his deep, mesmerizing eyes were filled with faint laughter, as if they contained stars, captivating enough to steal one’s soul. 
Joanna stared at him, slightly stunned by the smile on his lips. 
A voice inside her kept whispering: My God, Ashton Heath looks so good when he smiles. Is this handsome man really her husband? Is she dreaming? 
"Baby." Ashton Heath leaned closer to her, his warm lips almost touching her earlobe, and whispered in a husky voice, "Are you really going to let me bite? Aren’t you afraid of pain?" 
Wrapped in Ashton Heath’s embrace, Joanna’s entire body was surrounded by the heat he radiated. 
Her nose was filled with his unique refreshing and powerful scent. 
His deep magnetic voice was irresistibly seductive, causing her little heart to shudder. 
Her body involuntarily softened in his arms: "No, not...not afraid..." 
"Really? Hmm?" Ashton Heath chuckled softly in her ear again. As he spoke, his warm breath tickled her ear, "Then I really will bite." 
He took her soft white hand and gradually brought it to his mouth. 
As he opened his mouth, Joanna’s body suddenly stiffened, and she closed her eyes in fright. 
The girl’s long, feathery lashes trembled gently, and her pretty face turned pale with anxiety and fear. 
Despite her fear of pain, she found the courage to let him bite her at this moment. 
Little did she know, how alluring she appeared. 
So alluring that Ashton Heath could no longer restrain himself. He tightened his grip around her waist, leaned down, and gave her a deep, passionate kiss. 
"Hmm..." 
His burning lips pressed against hers, grinding and nibbling with varying intensity. 
Joanna opened her eyes in surprise, only for a large hand to cover them a second later. Ashton Heath sucked tenderly at the corner of her lips, panting slightly, "Baby, close your eyes when you’re kissing. And...you taste so sweet." 
As the last word fell, the man’s scorching lips claimed hers once more. 
He kissed her deeply and passionately.
###Chapter 481: Chapter 483: Baby, has your period ended?
Kissing passionately, Joanna was pressed onto the couch by Ashton Heath. His hands intertwined in her hair, holding the back of her head as they continued to deeply kiss. 
Unable to bear it any longer, she opened her mouth a little, and his tongue immediately took advantage, deepening their kiss even further. 
"Mmm, Ashton..." 
Joanna felt weak and breathless from his kisses, her head spinning even more under the lack of oxygen... 
The alcohol buzz slowly took over, devouring the little bit of rationality she had left. 
She let out a seductive moan, extending her hand to his chest and gently pushing him away. Just as their lips parted and she gasped for breath, he fiercely gripped her head and kissed her deeply once more. 
The temperature continued to rise in the private room. 
Joanna’s face showed a bewildered expression, her eyes increasingly hazy. 
Ashton trailed kisses down her lips and slipped a hand under her clothes. When his scorching palm touched her delicate skin, Joanna shuddered. 
Her mind felt fuzzy and she couldn’t think clearly anymore. 
She tried to reach out and stop him, but her feeble push only seemed to welcome his advances. 
Above her head, his breathing became increasingly heavy. After kissing her for a while, he gasped and lifted his head, his face a picture of restraint. He gently caressed her burning cheek and said in a hoarse voice, "Baby, is your period over?" 
Period? 
Joanna opened her eyes, her unfocused gaze fixed on him for a moment before she nodded. 
A glint of anticipation appeared in his eyes as he gave her a tender peck on the lips and sat up, holding her. 
Taking a deep breath to suppress his raging desire, he straightened her disheveled hair and buttoned up her blouse one by one. Then, holding her in his arms, he said, "Let’s go home, Joanna. Our first time together shouldn’t be here." 
They had been intimate once before. 
But that time, they hadn’t known each other and she had been unconscious. 
This time, he wanted both of them to be fully awake and present. 
He wanted her to clearly feel how much he desired her. 
This was important to him; he couldn’t just claim her in a place like this. 
That would be too unfair to her. 
* 
Upon returning to the Hillside Villa. 
After parking the car, Ashton found that Joanna had fallen asleep while he was about to unbuckle her seatbelt. 
Half-asleep, her cheeks exhibited a faint blush, like a ripe apple with tender, pink flesh, enticing someone to take a bite. 
Her thick, long eyelashes covered her eyelids, casting a faint silhouette on her fair skin. 
Her smooth, shoulder-length hair cascaded over half her face, making her palm-sized face seem even more delicate and petite. 
Her lips were slightly swollen, with some visible bite marks left on them. 
He couldn’t help but feel excited when kissing her earlier and had lost control, leaving the marks behind. 
There were also a few red marks on her smooth neck. 
Her skin was so delicate and tender that sometimes even a slight touch could easily leave traces. 
As Ashton looked at these private marks belonging only to him, his eyes darkened, and the desire he’d just managed to suppress welled up again. 
He really wanted... to possess her completely. 
And leave traces of himself on every part of her body.
###Chapter 482: Chapter 484: Ashton Heath, what, what are you doing?
He wanted everyone to know that she was his, Ashton Heath’s woman. 
Before her, he had never had such a strong desire to possess someone or something. 
After her, he realized that his possessiveness could be so strong that it bordered on obsession. 
Because sometimes he actually thought about imprisoning her. 
He wanted her to be his and his alone, with no one else able to get close to her. 
Of course, such thoughts were fleeting in his mind. 
He wouldn’t actually do that. 
That kind of love was too selfish, too twisted, satisfying only one party while causing great harm to the other. 
And how could he bear to hurt her? 
Suppressing the desire deep in his heart, he unbuckled the seatbelt on her and carried her out of the car while she slept soundly. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence slept heavily this time. 
She had a dream. 
In the dream, she accidentally entered a dangerous forest filled with wild animals. A big tiger with green glowing eyes discovered her and pounced at her. 
She screamed and ran. 
But her speed was no match for the tiger’s. Soon, the tiger caught up with her. 
The agile, glossy-furred tiger bared its teeth and stared at her. It let out a low growl from its throat and pounced at her again. 
Joanna was abruptly knocked to the ground. 
The several hundred-pound tiger pinned her down, making it difficult for her to breathe. 
The tiger hovering above her opened its mouth, revealing rows of white teeth. 
Just when Joanna thought she would undoubtedly die, she closed her eyes in fear. 
But the next moment... 
What awaited her wasn’t a tearing pain but... 
In her dream, Joanna mustered up the courage to open her eyes in surprise, only to see the tiger licking her neck. 
And the sharp claws did not tear her apart, but merely ripped her clothes open. 
She felt a chill on her chest.
The tiger was completely on top of her, and her breathing became even more difficult... 
Joanna woke up with a feeling of suffocation. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw a shadow looming above her. 
It was a man. 
Realizing that she was being pinned down by a man, she almost screamed out loud. 
Not until she caught a whiff of the familiar scent did she raise her head, looking astonished at the man pressing on her. 
She met a pair of scorching dark eyes, and her shocked face was clearly reflected in the man’s ebony orbs. 
From the depths of his eyes, Joanna saw an intense desire. 
So intense that... it frightened her a little. 
One of the man’s hands was undoing the buttons on her sleepwear, already halfway done. 
His loose robe was almost completely open, and as Joanna looked up, she could see the attractive, well-defined muscles on his chest, as well as the perfect curves from his collarbones down to his abs, and further down to his Adonis belt. 
She stared for a few seconds, her nose heating up, feeling a bit parched. 
Such a seductive sight early in the morning was a little too much for her fragile heart to handle. 
Wait, something’s not right! 
That shouldn’t be her focus right now. 
Suddenly snapping back to her senses from the temptation, Joanna opened her mouth, her voice hoarse, "Ashton Heath, what... what are you doing?" 
The man above her looked at her for a moment, then let out a low chuckle from his throat, "Baby, what do you think I’m doing?" 
His voice carried the huskiness of someone who had just woken up, deep and enticing, the word ’baby’ spoken with tender indulgence.
###Chapter 483: Chapter 485: Rest Assured and Entrust Yourself to Me
Joanna Lawrence’s heartbeat accelerated, a warm flush spreading across her face. 
The man’s slender fingers descended on another of her buttons, continuing to undo her nightgown. 
Soon, the silk nightgown Joanna wore, which didn’t have many buttons to begin with, had been completely undone by him. 
The chill at her chest jolted her back to her senses, and by the time she realized what he wanted to do, it was too late to stop him. 
"Ashton Heath, don’t..." 
She held his hand, which was about to move further down, her petite face flushing red, her heart in a panic. 
She wasn’t ready yet. 
Ashton paused, lowering his eyes to look at her for a few seconds, his large hand turning over to envelop her soft little hand tightly in his palm. 
He spoke, his voice even more hoarse than before, "Baby, I’ve been waiting a long time. Don’t reject me again, okay?" 
Joanna bit her lower lip, "But..." 
"But what? You don’t want to give yourself to me?" 
Ashton’s body was tightly wound. Since last night, he had been holding back. Stopping at this moment was undoubtedly both painful and sweet torture for him. 
Yet he still refrained from continuing, patiently waiting for her to speak. 
"It’s not that..." Joanna shot him a quick glance, her cheeks burning hot once more. 
Her voice was soft and delicate, her eyelashes trembling incessantly, "I, I’m not ready yet." 
"You don’t need to prepare for anything." At her reasoning, Ashton chuckled softly. His slender fingers lifted her delicate jaw, his deep and dark eyes fixed on her as he softly said, "Trust yourself to me, I won’t hurt you." 
The man’s gentleness and patience gradually dispelled the tension and fear in her heart. 
She mustered the courage and looked up at him. 
His face, as though chiseled by a knife, was so good-looking it was almost unreal. 
Even if she saw him every day, she would never tire of looking at him, and she would still feel her heart flutter from time to time. 
Her gaze then fell on his hard-worked perfect physique, those solidly sexy muscles and smooth seductive body lines all emitting a fatal attraction to the opposite sex. 
This was a man filled with a masculine aura from head to toe. 
At this moment, she suddenly thought of a term- 
A walking aphrodisiac. 
At this moment, the man hovering above her was indeed an "aphrodisiac". 
Because she felt she was being seduced. 
"But, but..." 
"Hmm?" The man smiled gently, bending down to kiss her lips, his voice as sweet as honey, "What else are you worried about?" 
"But, are you sure you don’t mind?" Even though she was already a bit dazzled, her mind muddled, she hadn’t completely lost her senses yet. She looked at him anxiously and uneasily, her voice getting softer, "I am no longer a clean woman, you..." 
Her words were cut off by a lingering, passionate kiss. 
He silenced all her subsequent words with a hot kiss. 
The man let his actions speak, showing his attitude with physical actions. 
* 
The end came much quicker than expected. 
So quick that Joanna was a bit taken aback. 
She had initially thought it was a long torture, who knew... 
She glanced at her phone, from the start to the end... it seemed like it was less than ten minutes?! 
In the novels, don’t these overbearing CEOs last at least an hour, and two hours was nothing out of the ordinary...
###Chapter 484: Chapter 486: Seeing you miserable, I forgive you.
She was annoyed, and she bit down hard. 
After tasting the bloody flavor, her face changed, and she hurriedly let go. 
Looking down again, regret was written all over her eyes. 
A clear row of deep bite marks appeared on Ashton Heath’s hand. 
Blood was visible on some of the bite marks. 
Joanna Lawrence panicked, tears nearly falling from her eyes as she held his hand and hurriedly explained, "I-I didn’t do it on purpose. I’m sorry, does it hurt a lot?" 
Ashton lowered his head and saw the anxiety and guilt in the teary eyes of the girl in his arms, who was about to cry. His heart softened to a mess, and he said in a gentle and soft voice, "Baby, don’t cry, it doesn’t hurt." 
"How could it not hurt?" Joanna raised her head, full of self-blame, and tearfully said, "I-I made you bleed. I’m sorry, it wasn’t on purpose. If it really hurts, then you... y-you can bite me back." 
Joanna was actually very afraid of pain. 
But at this moment, she bravely stretched out her tender little hand. 
Ashton looked at the soft little hand beneath her eyelashes and was momentarily stunned, the corners of his lips slowly curving upward. 
The arc of the man’s lips was incredibly charming. 
When he smiled, a faint amusement filled his deep and entrancing eyes, as if stars were mixed in, making it seem like he could absorb one’s soul with just his gaze. 
Joanna stared at him blankly, feeling dizzy from his smile. 
A voice inside her cried out: My God, Ashton Heath looks so good when he smiles. Is this handsome man really her husband? Is she dreaming? 
"Baby." Ashton approached her, "Are you really letting me bite?" 
Joanna was held in Ashton’s arms, surrounded by the scorching heat of his body. 
Her nose was filled with the man’s irresistible scent. 
"N-no, I’m not scared..." 
"Really?" Ashton chuckled again next to her ear, his warm breath touching it, "Then I will bite you." 
With that, he brought her little hand to his lips. 
At the moment he opened his mouth, Joanna’s body suddenly stiffened, and she closed her eyes in fright. 
Her long, feathery eyelashes trembled gently, and her delicate little face turned pale from the tension and fear. 
She was clearly afraid of the pain, but she had mustered the courage to let him bite her. 
However, Ashton couldn’t bear to do it. 
He chuckled again, straightened up, and patted her head: "Alright, seeing as you’re so pitiful, I’ll forgive you." 
* 
Back at Hillside Villa. 
As Ashton parked the car and turned to help Joanna with her seatbelt, he discovered she had fallen asleep. 
Half-asleep, the sleeping girl’s cheeks were tinged with a faint blush, her thick, long eyelashes covering her eyelids and casting a faint shadow on her white skin. 
Her soft hair cascading down, covering half of her face, made her palm-sized face seem even more delicate and dainty. 
Ashton saw how soundly she slept and couldn’t bear to wake her, so he unbuckled her seatbelt and carried her out of the car. 
* 
Joanna woke up in a daze, caught between sleep and wakefulness. 
She didn’t know if she was in reality or just dreaming. 
In any case, everything had happened so suddenly. 
And it ended just as quickly. 
She had the feeling of being in a dream, but certain sensations felt incredibly real. 
After it was over, she checked the time and felt doubtful. 
Did it just... take less than ten minutes just now? 
But aren’t those overbearing CEOs in the novels all remarkably amazing?
###Chapter 485: Chapter 487: Why is the performance so bad today?
And it’s supposed to be at least six or seven times a night? 
Joanna has no experience in this area, and the only man she’s ever been with is Ashton Heath. Her memories of that chaotic night are so hazy that she can’t remember a thing. 
Therefore, she has nothing to compare him to. 
She doesn’t know if Ashton Heath is considered fast or not. 
After all, novels always contain exaggerations and can’t be used as a reference. 
While Joanna is questioning whether Ashton’s time is too short, the man lying on top of her is also stunned. 
From an angle that Joanna cannot see, disbelief is written across his face, and his hot body becomes stiff. 
He can’t believe that he finished so quickly. 
He had a good rest the night before, so he couldn’t blame it on not sleeping well. 
His stress levels have also been relatively low lately. 
And he didn’t feel weak due to illness. 
This isn’t his first time with Joanna either. 
No matter how he analyzed it, he shouldn’t have finished so quickly. 
Being "fast" in this matter is undoubtedly a fatal blow for men. 
Especially for a man like Ashton Heath. 
Having all the perfect qualities and being envied as heaven’s prince, he is almost a perfect man in the eyes of others. 
However, if a man is unable to perform in the most important area, all his other perfect qualities become almost irrelevant. 
Originally, he just wanted to perform well today.
He wanted to give Joanna an unforgettable experience. 
But he never expected that he would finish so quickly... 
Quick enough to catch him off guard. 
He didn’t even dare to look at the expression on Joanna’s face. 
Would she think... he had problems in that area? 
And then reject him? 
After all, if a man can’t satisfy his wife in that regard, is he even a real man? 
Ashton’s heart was filled with indescribable frustration. 
He had performed well that night, so why was he so poor today? 
And it happened when Joanna was awake. 
She was fully aware of his inability! 
The man lying on top of her took longer than usual, remaining silent for a strangely long time. 
Long enough for Joanna to feel that something was off. 
She moved her sticky body and looked at him quizzically. Biting her lip, she cautiously asked, "Um... are you finished? Could you please get up? I want to take a shower." 
Her body was sweaty and sticky, making her very uncomfortable. 
Joanna believed her tone was gentle enough and considerate of his feelings. 
After all, she knew that this matter could hurt a man’s pride, so she didn’t even dare to mention the word "fast" in front of him. 
Just as her voice trailed off, she felt Ashton stiffen up. 
After a moment of stiffness, he expressionlessly climbed off her body and got out of bed. 
He had no coverings on his body. 
Joanna only glanced at him for a moment before quickly covering her eyes, too shy to look again. 
However, she could feel Ashton’s gaze on her. 
"Mm, you go take a shower. Do you need me to carry you to the bathroom? We can go together..." The man asked hoarsely. 
"No, no need." How could Joanna dare to let him carry her? She was afraid that as soon as they entered the bathroom, his animal instincts would kick in again, and she didn’t want to be tossed around once more.
###Chapter 486: Chapter 488: As Expected... She Really Despises Him
The experience just now wasn’t good at all. 
It made her feel a bit scared and resistant to that kind of thing. 
She was afraid that Ashton Heath would grab her and do it again. 
She heard that men’s first time might happen quite fast, but the second and third time wouldn’t be that quick. 
Although she didn’t know if it’s true or not, she didn’t want to test it with her body now. 
"I can go by myself." Joanna Lawrence, as if to prove that she wasn’t lying, grabbed the thin blanket and wrapped it around her, then jumped off the bed barefoot and ran towards the bathroom. 
Watching her petite figure briskly running into the bathroom, Ashton Heath’s face changed again, his expression becoming more rigid. 
His body became more rigid too. 
She could still jump around so lively. 
It seemed that his performance just now was really unsatisfactory. 
Although she didn’t directly say anything, her "Is it over already?" already said everything without words. 
She indeed... looked down on him. 
Ashton Heath’s mood was very heavy. 
Even the biggest difficulties in work couldn’t make him feel as heavy as he does now. 
He watched Joanna Lawrence enter the bathroom silently, then she immediately shut the door as if guarding against a thief, his mood sinking even deeper. 
She didn’t want to take a bath with him, was it because she looked down on him? 
With an extremely heavy expression on his face, he pursed his lips, clenched his fists, stared at the direction of the bathroom for a few minutes, then turned around and walked out of the bedroom with heavy steps. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t see Ashton Heath in the bedroom when she came out after taking a shower. 
She called out a few times, but he didn’t respond.
She wrapped herself in a towel, went to the dressing room to get her clothes, changed, then went downstairs to ask Mr. Rowan. But Butler Rowan only told her he didn’t see Ashton Heath come downstairs. 
"He didn’t come down?" Joanna looked a bit surprised. 
She thought Ashton Heath was having breakfast downstairs. 
Rowan shook his head, "Mr. Ashton didn’t come down. Ms. Joanna, didn’t you see him? Could it be that he went to the study to deal with work?" 
"Well, it’s possible." 
Joanna knew that his work was not idle, and dealing with it in the study was quite normal. 
She thought for a moment and smiled at Rowan, "Let the kitchen serve breakfast, then go to the study and call him down. It’s not early now, and even though he’s busy, he still needs to eat breakfast." 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna." 
Rowan called a maid over, instructed her to inform the kitchen to prepare breakfast. 
He then went upstairs to the study to call Ashton Heath down for breakfast. 
* 
Ten minutes later. 
Joanna sat in the dining room filled with breakfast dishes, enjoying a nutritious meal. 
Rowan approached her and said respectfully, "Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton told you to start eating first. He still has something to deal with and will come down later." 
"Is he that busy?" Joanna Lawrence’s eyebrows furrowed, "Then bring him a glass of milk and let him drink it." 
Joanna didn’t think too much about it. 
She thought Ashton Heath was really busy with work, so he couldn’t spare the time to have breakfast. 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna." 
Butler Rowan looked at Joanna suspiciously before turning around and leaving. 
Judging from Ms. Joanna’s appearance, it didn’t seem like she had fought with Mr. Ashton. 
Then why, when he went to call Mr. Ashton for breakfast just now, he saw Mr. Ashton’s face was dark and gloomy, and quite scary. 
It was as if someone had upset him. 
Moreover, no matter how busy he usually was, he would always come down and have breakfast with Ms. Joanna.
###Chapter 487: Chapter 489: These few words deeply stimulated him
This was the first time he hadn’t been with Ms. Joanna. 
Mr. Rowan had the feeling that something must have gone wrong, and he initially thought the problem had to do with Ms. Joanna. 
After all, Mr. Ashton usually had an inscrutable expression, and the only person capable of making his emotions collapse so visibly was Ms. Joanna. 
But Ms. Joanna didn’t look like she had been through anything unpleasant with Mr. Ashton. 
So, what exactly was the matter with Mr. Ashton? 
Who on earth had angered Mr. Ashton? 
* 
In the study. 
Ashton Heath was searching the computer for topics related to "how women feel when men finish too quickly." 
Soon, countless netizens’ answers appeared on the screen. 
He casually glanced at a few posts, and his mood plummeted to rock bottom. 
One netizen said: Men can be inadequate in anything, except in XX. Men can be fast any time, except during XX! Men who are fast and inadequate will only be disliked by women. 
Another netizen said: A man’s performance directly affects a woman’s likelihood of cheating. If a man can’t satisfy his woman, then another man will do it for him. 
Another netizen said: Let me answer this question, I’m a woman. My ex was a quick lover, and I honestly didn’t feel much before he was finished. It left me with a shadow and almost made me asexual. So, he became my ex. Fortunately, I met my current partner. He’s well-endowed, skilled, and long-lasting, always able to satisfy me. Our life is harmonious now. So, the quality of X life really does affect a relationship. 
Ashton Heath’s gaze lingered on the last two answers. 
Cheating... 
Ex... 
These words deeply stung him. 
So, if a woman feels that a man is inadequate, she will look for another man? 
And potentially make him an ex? 
He was married to Joanna Lawrence, and for her to make him an ex, she would have to divorce him. 
The thought of Joanna divorcing him and looking for another man made his face turn ashen as he closed the computer. 
No, she was his woman. 
He would not let her look for another man. 
He would satisfy her. 
No matter what methods he used, he would satisfy her. 
Considering the possibility of losing her, Ashton cared little about his dignity and immediately called Yannick Luther. 
After several rings, the call connected. 
A lazy, hoarse voice tinged with the satisfaction of indulgence sounded, "Ashton, what’s up?" 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and clenched a pen on the desk. 
He hesitated for a moment, and Yannick on the other end seemed confused and called out again, "Ashton, are you there? Why don’t you say anything?" 
"How long do you usually last with a woman?" After a long silence, Ashton finally spoke. 
However, upon hearing this, a violent coughing sound came from the phone. 
Yannick seemed choked, coughing for a while. 
He gasped and said, "Ashton, you’re kidding me, what’s wrong? Why are you asking me this? Is it because... you didn’t last long enough with sister-in-law and she complained?" 
Yannick was joking. 
But in a place he couldn’t see, Ashton’s face darkened, and his expression stiffened.
###Chapter 488: Chapter 490: Only Your Sister-in-law is a Woman
He pursed his lips, and a shadow of gloom covered his handsome face, silent. 
"Damn, seriously? I guessed right?" Yannick Luther was absolutely astonished. 
His brother Ashton was silent! 
Silent! 
No man could possibly stay silent in this kind of situation. 
Even if he was a man like his brother Ashton. 
This was a matter affecting a man’s self-esteem, if it were not for him really guessing right, how could his brother Ashton possibly be silent for such a long time. 
Anyway, Ashton Heath had already lost face, he didn’t mind losing it again. 
He took a deep breath, forced a stiff smile, and said with difficulty, "It wasn-’t like this that night, it was all normal. But today... it’s not even ten minutes, she seems to be very disgusted with me." 
"What do you think happened?" 
Yannick Luther: "...That night? Ashton, are you talking about the night you lost your virginity? Could it be that with different targets, you perform differently? Because you like Sister-in-law so much, it’s inevitable that you’ll feel excited, so you might be a bit faster..." 
"But that woman that night, you didn’t have any feelings for her, so..." 
Ashton Heath interrupted coldly, "From beginning to end, it was just your sister-in-law." 
Yannick Luther was dumbfounded for a moment, "Ashton, what do you mean? You mean...that woman that night was my sister-in-law?!" 
"Yes." 
"!!!" 
Ashton Heath hadn’t told him about this before. 
That made Yannick Luther incredibly surprised. 
But after being surprised, he felt it made perfect sense. 
His second brother was not the kind of careless man. 
He should have thought long ago that his sister-in-law was that woman that night. 
His brother wouldn’t touch another woman after touching one. 
"But that night, our arranged girl was not my sister-in-law. Moreover, the girl had a car accident halfway and went to the hospital. How could my sister-in-law...appear in your room? Did someone else arrange it for you?" 
"Speaking of which, it’s a good thing that the chick we arranged for you had a car accident. Otherwise, she would have run into my sister-in-law. That would have been terrible." 
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, "Grady, I didn’t call you to talk about this." 
"Ashton, are you angry?" Yannick Luther sensed the change in Ashton Heath’s tone and immediately tried to please him, "Okay, we’ll stop talking about this. Let’s...talk about the duration issue?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
If that Yannick little bastard were in front of him, he would definitely beat him up. 
"Ashton, since the woman that night was my sister-in-law, what are you worried about? You said yourself that you performed normally that night, which means you’re fine. If you think there’s a problem this time, maybe your physical condition isn’t good?" 
"Have you been sick lately?" 
Ashton Heath’s face stiffened, and his complexion darkened, "No." 
"Then you haven’t rested well." 
"Neither have I." 
"Is it because of too much work pressure?" 
"No pressure at all." 
Yannick Luther: "...But it shouldn’t be." 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips, rubbed the space between his eyebrows with his hand, and felt extremely frustrated. 
He also knew it shouldn’t be. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have called Yannick Luther about it. 
He thought this guy had more experience and should be able to help him figure out what went wrong.
###Chapter 489: Chapter 491: Has She Already Left?
"So let me ask you another question. Ashton, how long has it been since you last slept with Ms. Joanna?" 
Ashton Heath hesitated for a moment, his face a little uneasy. After a moment of silence, he reluctantly said, "We haven’t done it since that night." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
"Come on. Ashton, that’s really lame. You’re married to Joanna, and you haven’t even touched her yet? Could it be that she doesn’t let you?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He was unwilling to admit such a humiliating thing. 
"Joanna really doesn’t let you touch her?" Yannick Luther couldn’t help but laugh, "But Ashton, you are so handsome and have a great body. Countless women are drooling over you. Any normal woman wouldn’t be able to resist your advances, right?" 
"Joanna actually refuses? She can actually bear to refuse? Could it be that you performed too poorly that night, leaving her with a psychological shadow, so..." 
Ashton Heath frowned and impatiently interrupted him, "She doesn’t even know about that night." 
"..." 
Yannick Luther was speechless. 
"What’s going on between you and Joanna?" Yannick Luther was puzzled, "So she doesn’t even know that the person she was with that night is you? Don’t you plan to tell her?" 
Ashton Heath’s face changed slightly, and he fell silent, "She feels deep hatred and disgust for that night’s incident. I’m afraid if I tell her, she’ll hate me." 
"But you can’t keep concealing it from her forever." 
"I know." 
"Ah, Ashton, you’re really miserable." Yannick Luther sighed. 
Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed, "What do you mean?" 
Yannick Luther sighed softly again and said with some emotion, "From what I can see, the degree to which you care about Joanna far exceeds the degree to which she cares about you. It’s because you care about her so much, which is why you’re so worried." 
"You’re afraid that if you tell Joanna about that incident, she’ll hate you and perhaps even leave you, right?" 
Ashton Heath remained silent. 
So, was he afraid? 
"It turns out that once you’re really in love, anyone can become insecure. I never thought you, Ashton, would also have such a day." 
Yannick Luther was definitely not gloating. 
He was just very surprised. 
In the past, Ashton Heath appeared to be emotionless and detached, as if he had cut off all ties with the secular world, never to fall in love with any woman. 
Who could have thought that when he fell in love, he would be like this? 
Such a proud man. 
He would also be afraid of the one he loves leaving him. 
"Ah, Ashton, you shouldn’t worry too much. Everyone has occasional bad days. Why don’t you try again with Joanna? If it doesn’t work the first time, then the second time; if it doesn’t work the second time, then the third time. It can’t always not work..." 
Yannick Luther continued to share his experiences. 
When Ashton Heath hung up the phone, the call duration read 46 minutes and 58 seconds. 
* 
When Ashton Heath went downstairs, he did not see Joanna Lawrence. 
He asked Mr. Rowan, "Where is Ms. Joanna?" 
Mr. Rowan hesitated, "Ms. Joanna said she is going to sign a contract today, and didn’t want to wait for Mr. Ashton. Hasn’t she discussed it with you?" 
Confusion flickered in Mr. Rowan’s eyes once again. 
Had there really been no conflicts between Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna? 
Ashton Heath was stunned, "Did she already leave?" 
"Yes." 
Mr. Rowan could clearly feel that the moment he said those words, the air pressure around the man standing in front of him dropped by several degrees.
###Chapter 490: Chapter 492: She Still Cares for Him
He raised his head apprehensively and glanced at Ashton Heath, thinking if he said something wrong. 
It seemed like... Mr. Ashton was unhappy. 
"Mr. Ashton, do you want me to have breakfast prepared?" Mr. Rowan asked cautiously.
Ashton Heath pressed his lips together, silent for a moment, before turning and walking upstairs: "No need." 
At this moment, he felt extremely depressed. 
She just left like that. 
She left without making a sound. 
She didn’t even say goodbye to him. 
She wouldn’t have done that before. 
Even if she couldn’t wait for him, she would at least let him know. 
But she didn’t today. 
She only informed Mr. Rowan and went out. 
Not even a single text message was sent to him. 
She must be fed up with him. 
Although she didn’t say anything, her actions already spoke for it. 
Ashton Heath entered the dressing room, his face cold as water, and stood in front of the large wardrobe for a while lost in thought. 
As his fingers habitually reached for a black shirt, he suddenly remembered Joanna Lawrence’s words about him always wearing all black, and changed to pick another silver-gray shirt. 
* 
After getting into the car. 
Zack noticed that young master seemed very down today, looking unhappy. 
Although there wasn’t any expression on Mr. Ashton’s face and it didn’t look very different from usual. 
However, having been by his side for many years, everyone could feel that he was in a bad mood. 
Although Zack was curious, he didn’t dare to ask more about it. 
He drove the car out of the villa smoothly and followed the usual route for a while, suddenly hearing Ashton Heath from the back seat say, "Don’t rush to the company." 
Zack was taken aback, "Mr. Ashton, where are we going then?" 
Back seat. 
Ashton Heath did not speak, he lowered his head to look at his phone, maintaining the same posture for a whole minute before moving his slender fingers to send a text message to Joanna Lawrence: Where are you signing the contract? Have you arrived yet? 
After waiting for a few minutes, he received Joanna’s reply: I’m at the Peak Film Company, just arrived. Are you still busy with work? Don’t forget to have breakfast even if you are busy. 
Receiving this text, the man was stunned for a moment, and then his handsome face clouded with gloom seemed to melt like ice and snow, his mood easing considerably in an instant. 
She still cared for him. 
Did this mean that she wasn’t actually that fed up with him? 
Ashton Heath decided on the spot to try again with Joanna Lawrence tonight, and try several more times. 
He wanted to regain his self-esteem as a man. 
He wanted Joanna Lawrence to know that he was not incapable. 
This morning... it was just an accident. 
He was too excited, so that’s why... it happened too quickly. 
On the night they first made love, he was quick, but the subsequent times only got better, right? 
Therefore, he was definitely not incapable. 
Thinking of this, to avoid her having plans with someone else tonight, he immediately booked a time: Can you free up tonight? Let’s have dinner together? Whatever you want to eat, I’ll accompany you. 
Joanna Lawrence replied quickly: Okay. 
Seeing this reply, Ashton Heath’s face eased even more. 
He really wanted to explain to Joanna Lawrence that what happened this morning was an accident, and that he was not actually a man who always came quickly. 
But after thinking about it, he gave up. 
Explaining at this time would be like covering up something. 
She wouldn’t believe it. 
It would be better to show her with actions tonight. 
Ashton Heath: Alright, it’s settled then. Don’t make plans with anyone else. 
Joanna Lawrence: Okay, I’m about to enter the elevator now, so I won’t reply to your messages for a while. Let’s chat later.
###Chapter 491: Chapter 493: Are You Maddox Allenson?
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but smirk slightly: Yeah, we’ll talk later. 
In the driver’s seat. 
Having seen the entire process of his Young Master’s face changing from gloomy to sunny through the rearview mirror, Zack couldn’t help but sigh secretly: This love thing, no one can escape it. Once you fall in, happiness and anger, sadness and joy, none are under your control. 
How carefree his Young Master was before. 
Who could influence his emotions like this? 
But the person destined for him appeared, and he became no different from ordinary men. 
He would also change for a woman, not being so much like himself. 
Is this a good thing or a bad thing? 
Probably, it’s good. 
If there’s nothing to care about in one’s heart, one will become more and more indifferent to others. 
He still hopes his Young Master wouldn’t become such a person. 
"Head to Peak Film Company." 
*
On the other side. 
Joanna Lawrence successfully signed the contract. 
The staff member responsible for signing reminded her before she left, "Ms. Joanna, the filming starts in three days and will be shot in Lymebridge. Please don’t forget." 
"Mm, I know. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely arrive at the film crew on time." 
Joanna walked out of the office happily with the signed contract in hand. 
Just as she walked out, there was a "bang", and she collided with someone head-on. 
A faint scent of men’s perfume drifted past her nose, and she collided into the person’s chest, feeling as if she had hit a stone, causing her to step back, covering her nose in pain. 
The person she bumped into was also pushed back a step. 
Before Joanna could raise her head to see who it was, she heard an exaggerated exclamation, "Oh my! Little Tutu, are you okay? What’s the matter with this girl? Don’t you look where you’re going? What if you hurt our Little Tutu?" 
"Little Tutu, do you feel uncomfortable anywhere? Do you want to go to the hospital for a check-up? This girl looks small and thin, but she’s quite strong. Are you deliberately bumping into our Little Tutu? Let me tell you, this trick won’t work anymore." 
"These days, everyone wants to ride on our Little Tutu’s coattails. Sigh, can’t really blame you guys; it’s because our Little Tutu is so popular." 
Joanna: "..." 
What the hell! 
What "Little Tutu", what deliberately bumping into someone, what riding on coattails... 
"Ahem, Mike, shut up, don’t say anything else!" 
Another man’s voice rang out. 
It was a very pleasant voice. 
It sounded very sunny and energetic. 
"Miss, are you alright?" The pleasant voice rang out again. 
Joanna slowly raised her head as she rubbed her reddened nose. 
As she saw the man bending down to examine her, she stared and then widened her eyes in surprise. 
"You’re... Maddox Allenson?" 
Joanna knew that Male Lead 1 in her signed TV series was Maddox Allenson. 
Aria Rowlett had told her earlier. 
So, seeing Maddox Allenson here was actually quite normal. 
But even so, seeing him in person for the first time, and at such a close distance, she still couldn’t help but feel a little flustered. 
Maddox Allenson wasn’t Joanna’s idol. 
But he was definitely the ultimate heartthrob for thousands of young girls. 
As the current top-notch popular idol, even though Joanna didn’t particularly follow him, she had still noticed him before.
###Chapter 492: Chapter 494: It’s like being on guard against something
She stared blankly at the beautiful and dazzling face in front of her, unable to suppress her excitement. 
At this very moment, the real Maddox Allenson was standing right in front of her. 
He looked so much better in person than on TV. 
Especially his face, how could it be so small? 
Joanna felt that Maddox’s face was even smaller than hers, with features as if they were meticulously carved, flawless to the point where she couldn’t spot any imperfections or blemishes. 
Upon closer inspection, she surprisingly didn’t see any visible pores on Maddox’s face. 
His skin was as delicate as a peeled egg, fair and tender. 
As a man with such good skin, it was truly something that would make many women feel inferior. 
Maddox wasn’t much older than her, and although he was an A-List Celebrity, he dressed quite casually. 
He wore a loose black T-shirt with matching shorts and sneakers, a cap on his head, and the most simple, common attire. But on him, it had a different vibe. 
It looked very trendy. 
Indeed, it’s all about the face. 
The same clothes on an ordinary person would definitely not make them look trendy. 
"Hi, I’m Maddox Allenson." Maddox didn’t have any air of arrogance and took the initiative to greet her, his smile bright and charming, "I’m sorry about bumping into you just now, are you alright?" 
Joanna came to her senses, rubbed her nose, shook her head and said apologetically: "I should be the one to apologize, I bumped into you first. Are...you okay?" 
Although Joanna felt that he couldn’t possibly be hurt by the collision, she asked anyway for the sake of politeness. 
"I’m fine." Maddox smiled, touched the tip of his nose, and straightened his body. 
He looked at Joanna, then glanced at the office and understood: "Are you here for the signing?" 
"Yes." Joanna felt a sense of goodwill towards the approachable and unpretentious A-List Celebrity standing before her. 
Many celebrities who appeared friendly and amiable to the public were not so approachable in private. 
Many were two-faced. 
She couldn’t help but feel more courageous, "Mr. Allenson, are you here for the signing too?" 
"Our ages shouldn’t be much different." Maddox’s lips curved, "You can just call me by my name." 
"Uh, is that alright?" Joanna asked uncertainly. 
Although she and Maddox were about the same age, the latter had entered the industry and gained fame earlier than she did. 
He was, in a way, her senior. 
Would it be impolite to address him by his first name? 
But Maddox didn’t seem to mind, nodding, "Of course, it’s fine."
"Little Tutu, you have an engagement later. Hurry up and sign the contract, and then leave. Don’t waste time." The man standing beside Maddox furrowed his eyebrows as he looked at the two of them getting along well. His gaze wasn’t very friendly as he stared at Joanna, as if he was on guard against something. 
Upon meeting his gaze, Joanna: "..." 
That must be Maddox’s agent. 
Was he worried about her trying to take advantage of Maddox’s popularity? 
Joanna didn’t want to be misunderstood, even though she thought Maddox was nice, she didn’t have the intention to continue the conversation. To avoid being misconstrued as having ulterior motives, she said consciously, "Well, I have something else to do, so I’ll go ahead. See you at the...film crew!" 
Maddox gently nodded, smiling, "Alright, see you at the film crew." 
"I’ll go now, goodbye!"
###Chapter 493: Chapter 495: Absolutely Not Allowed to Have Thoughts of Falling in Love
Joanna Lawrence waved at him and then turned to walk towards the elevator. 
"Miss, wait a moment." 
Just before entering the elevator, Maddox Allenson called out to her. 
Joanna turned her head: "Hmm?" 
Maddox pointed at her: "The name? I don’t even know what you’re called." 
"Joanna Lawrence." Joanna curved her lips and showed a sweet smile, "My name is Joanna Lawrence." 
As she smiled, Maddox was momentarily mesmerized. 
Even after Joanna had entered the elevator, Maddox was still staring in its direction. 
Seeing this, his agent Mike felt a sudden sense of crisis. The moment the elevator doors closed, he put on a serious face and sternly said, "Little Tutu, I’ll tell you now, you’re in the prime of your career." 
"Don’t ever think about having a relationship!" 
If it had been any other female artist, Mike wouldn’t have needed to worry. 
But that newbie Joanna was simply too beautiful. 
It was rare for Mike to see such a beautiful girl with such a pure and clean aura, even after spending so many years in the entertainment industry. 
Seeing her, Mike couldn’t help but think of his own first love. 
It must be said that when he saw Joanna’s face, even he felt his heart skip a beat for a moment. 
Not to mention, Maddox was still a young kid. 
Although he was an A-list celebrity, he had no experience in love and was still a blank canvas emotionally, naive to the extreme. 
It was hard not to be moved by a girl as pure and beautiful as Joanna. 
The entertainment circle had no shortage of beautiful women. 
However, those with such a clean and refreshing temperament were indeed rare. 
As Maddox’s agent, Mike naturally knew what kind of girl his little brat client liked. 
Joanna was just his type! 
A single smile from her made him stare. 
"Mike, your thoughts are wandering." Maddox took off his duckbill cap and casually combed his fingers through his flax-colored hair, seemingly unaffected. "I’m not interested in these things now. I’ll definitely tell you when I want to be in a relationship." 
"But now, there are no such thoughts." 
Mike hesitated, narrowed his eyes and looked at him skeptically for a while, asking, "Really no such thoughts?" 
"No, really." Maddox turned his head, looking calm. 
"Do you like that Joanna girl just now?" 
Maddox hesitated for a moment, his face quickly returning to normal: "Yes." 
Mike’s face changed immediately, intending to scold him, but then heard him say with a suppressed laugh, "With such a beautiful girl, who wouldn’t like her? Don’t you?" 
"The liking you’re talking about..."
"Pure appreciation, nothing more," Maddox said, lowering his 186cm tall figure. He patted Mike’s shoulder and raised an eyebrow, "I know what you’re worried about. Don’t worry, I won’t do it. Alright, let’s not dwell on this matter anymore. Let’s go in." 
* 
Once Joanna entered the elevator, she sent a text message to Aria Rowlett: Aria, I just saw Maddox Allenson. Oh wow, he’s so handsome in person, with such a small face, and incredibly delicate features. His skin is amazing too, and his personality is so genuine, not arrogant at all. 
Aria replied instantly: Really? Holy crap, you better take a photo for me! Find a good angle, I’m going to worship the screen with it!!
###Chapter 494: Chapter 496: How Long Has She Been Paying Attention?
Joanna Lawrence: (shrugs) There are no pictures. I’ve already left. 
Aria Rowlett: (hammer) I’ll hammer you if you don’t have any! 
Joanna Lawrence: I’ll be joining the film crew in a few days. I can take pictures for you then? Or you can visit me on the set. Believe me, he looks a hundred times better in person than in pictures. I finally understand why he became an A-List Celebrity. His face is perfect for this line of work, I swear. 
Aria Rowlett: Is he that handsome? Hehe, then who is more handsome in your opinion, him or my heartthrob? Don’t worry, my heartthrob can’t see our conversation. Just tell the truth. 
Joanna Lawrence was momentarily stumped by the question. 
Who was more handsome, Maddox Allenson or Ashton Heath? 
It was difficult to compare the two. 
After all, they weren’t the same type. 
Maddox Allenson looked like a sunny, big boy, while Ashton Heath was the mature, aloof, and steady type of business elite. 
She thought about it and replied earnestly: They are both handsome in their own way, different types, hard to compare. 
Aria Rowlett: Which type do you prefer then? No lying. 
Joanna Lawrence frowned and thought about it for a while, and then replied: I think I prefer Ashton Heath’s type. 
Putting aside the fact that Ashton Heath was her husband, according to her own aesthetic preference, she found Ashton’s look more pleasing to the eye. 
Though he looked a bit cold. 
However, his coldness was only toward others, so Joanna Lawrence thought it wasn’t a problem. 
Aria Rowlett: Hehehe, I knew you would say that. But if I had to choose, I think Maddox Allenson’s type is better for dating, while my heartthrob’s type is more suitable for marriage. 
Aria Rowlett: By the way, there is nothing going on between you and my heartthrob now, right? 
Joanna Lawrence looked at Aria Rowlett’s reply, and couldn’t help but recall the incident in the morning. 
Perhaps she was overthinking it. 
She had a feeling that Ashton Heath’s absence during breakfast was not only because he was busy. 
Previously, even when he was extremely busy, he never went to work without eating breakfast first. 
Moreover, he didn’t show up even after she finished eating and left. 
It was as if he was deliberately avoiding her. 
Could it be that the short-lived xx incident made him too ashamed to face her? 
With this in mind, Joanna hesitated for a moment and then replied: Aria, do you think the duration of that sort of thing is especially important for men? 
Aria Rowlett:  What sort of thing? 
Joanna Lawrence typed with a red face: That sort of thing. 
Aria Rowlett: Are you talking about sex? Of course it’s important, not only for men but also for women. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at the text for a while: So, if the time is too short, will it be a huge blow for men? 
Aria Rowlett: Baby, please don’t tell me my heartthrob was quick!? 
Joanna Lawrence: ... 
Aria Rowlett: No way, my heartthrob seems like the type with great stamina and skill. So can I know how much time we’re talking about? One minute, two minutes, three minutes, or five minutes? 
Joanna Lawrence’s face continued to flush. 
She didn’t pay attention to the exact time. 
It just felt... not too long. 
Aria Rowlett quickly sent her another message: Baby, you didn’t give my heartthrob a dirty look or say anything to hurt his self-esteem, right? You really shouldn’t do this, as it would be a big blow to his ego. 
Joanna Lawrence: ...I didn’t.
###Chapter 495: Chapter 497: I Came to See You
Aria Rowlett: Don’t let this make you disgusted with your heartthrob. Sometimes men are just in a bad state, it’s normal if they occasionally don’t perform well. It’s not like you and heartthrob always have such short times, right? 
Joanna Lawrence, with her hot face covered, gently tapped on the screen: Today... was the first time. 
So, she didn’t know either. 
Aria Rowlett: First time? Damn, you guys have been married this long and now you’re just...? Really, heartthrob can restrain himself from laying a hand on you? With your white and tender skin smooth as a peeled egg, even I, a woman, sometimes want to do naughty things to you, let alone a man. Maybe heartthrob does have some problems? 
Joanna Lawrence: ... 
She didn’t know. 
Ashton Heath seemed completely normal, not like he had any problems at all. 
Besides, before today, he had always shown that he wanted her. He definitely wasn’t a man with few desires. 
Even this morning, she could tell he was passionate, assertive, eager... 
Exiting the elevator, Joanna Lawrence looked down at her chat records with Aria Rowlett for a while, and then felt that she should send Ashton Heath a message. 
Just to see what he was doing now, to show she cared about him. 
So he wouldn’t overthink things. 
What if he thought she was disgusted with him? 
Just as she thought this and was about to message Ashton Heath after clicking on his avatar, she saw that a new message had popped up in the chat window. 
Ashton Heath: Signed the contract? I’m waiting for you outside, come out. 
Joanna Lawrence:  
Ashton Heath: I’m downstairs at Peak Film Company. 
Joanna Lawrence abruptly raised her head, and sure enough, she saw a black Bentley parked on the street outside the revolving glass doors. 
She recognized it at once, that was Ashton Heath’s car. 
After standing in shock for a few seconds, she locked her phone and quickly walked outside. 
* 
The doors to the back seat of the black Bentley were open. 
Joanna Lawrence walked over, opened the car door, and got in. 
The car was filled with a faint fragrance, it was Ashton Heath’s perfume scent. She didn’t know what kind of men’s perfume he used, but the scent was very unique, and Joanna Lawrence had never smelled it on anyone else. 
After settling herself in the car, she turned to look at him and said with a surprised tone, "Why are you here?" 
The man beside her turned his head, his dark and profound eyes gazing at her. His eyes flickered slightly, and there was a hint of unease on his face, "I came to see you. Did the signing go smoothly?" 
"Mhmm." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded her head happily, "It went very smoothly." 
Ashton Heath observed the radiant smile that emerged when the corners of the woman’s lips lifted, he was lost for a few seconds, then cleaned his lips and extended a hand towards her, "Let me see the contract." 
Although he knew Gary White would never dare take advantage of his wife in the contract, he was still uneasy from not reviewing it personally. 
"Okay." Joanna Lawrence obediently took the contract out from her bag and handed it to him. 
She had already gone through the contract, and there didn’t seem to be any problems. 
However, there were some clauses in it that she didn’t quite understand, she didn’t ask about it at the time and just signed the agreement. 
This role was not easily acquired by her. 
She just wanted to secure it as soon as possible. 
If Ashton Heath could help her review it, that would be even better. 
When it comes to reviewing contracts, his expertise is unquestionable. 
Ashton Heath took the contract, quickly scanned through it, and after confirming there were no issues, returned the contract to her.
###Chapter 496: Chapter 498: The Top of the Head is Faintly Emitting Green Light
"I’ve checked it already, there’s no problem. But, is the shooting for this TV series starting in three days?" 
He had just seen the start date. 
"Yes." Joanna Lawrence carefully put the contract back, nodded with a smile and said, "We’re going to film in Lymebridge." 
Thinking that she would go to another city to film in three days and stay in the film crew for three to four months, Joanna was looking forward to her life for the next few months. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and fell silent for a moment, watching her excited appearance, his deep eyes narrowed, his voice heavy: "You seem to be very happy?" 
"Yes." Joanna was not aware of the sudden drop in pressure from the man beside her. Her gleaming, black eyes spoke excitedly, "Before, I was basically just a background character when I went to the film crew. This is the first time I’ll be staying in the crew for several months." 
"Also, there are so many seasoned actors working with me this time, I can learn a lot from them. Director White is an extremely talented and capable person. Being able to film under his guidance, I’m really so lucky." 
Seeing the admiring expression on the young girl’s face when talking about Gary White, Ashton Heath’s lips tightened, and the pressure around him dropped even more. 
In her eyes, Gary White was a very talented and capable person. 
What about him? 
He is the youngest president in Heath Group history, with even his father unable to manage the old executives that are now obediently following his orders. 
Everyone in the company holds him in awe. 
Who in the industry doesn’t talk about the new president of Heath Group being decisive, capable and an extraordinary business genius? 
But this little woman beside him... 
It seems she hasn’t realized that her husband is also very powerful, very capable, and very worthy of her admiration. 
She praises other men so much in front of him. 
As if he doesn’t exist. 
"And I just saw the film crew’s Male Lead 1, Maddox Allenson. He’s so friendly and doesn’t have any airs. You know, he’s the hottest youth idol in the entertainment industry right now. He’s really super nice in person. It was me who bumped into him, but he still apologized to me and asked if I was okay." 
"No wonder he has so many female fans. He’s really a very likable male artist." 
Joanna talked to herself for a while before realizing that Ashton Heath had not responded at all. 
She raised her head suspiciously and unexpectedly met a pair of cold eyes. 
As well as the man’s expressionless face. 
"Ashton, what... what’s wrong?" 
Joanna finally felt that the man beside her seemed unhappy. 
But she couldn’t figure out what was wrong with him. 
Could it be that she said something wrong? 
She reviewed the words she had just spoken but still couldn’t find the cause. 
"Who is Maddox Allenson?" 
After a full minute of silence, the atmosphere in the car turned tense, and Ashton Heath asked with a cold voice. 
One Gary White wasn’t enough, now there was another Maddox Allenson. 
Why are there so many men around her? 
When she was talking about Maddox Allenson just now, her eyes were shining, and she didn’t stop praising him for a long time. 
It can be seen that she really has a good impression of this man. 
An unprecedented sense of crisis emerged. 
He even felt that there was a faint green light above his head. 
He remembered an answer he found in a search: if you can’t satisfy your woman, she will look for another man to satisfy her.
###Chapter 497: Chapter 499: In the future, you’re not allowed to say other men are good in front of me.
The man’s aura suddenly turned icy cold. 
He abruptly grabbed Joanna Lawrence’s soft and delicate hand, a strong and domineering possessiveness gleaming in his eyes. Ignoring the surprise of those around him, he forcefully pulled her into his arms. 
He tightened his hold around her, holding her close. Lowering his head, he bit her lips and said, "From now on, you are not allowed to praise other men in front of me." 
"They are outsiders to you, how much can you really know about them? Yet, in your eyes, they seem perfect. Can’t you pay more attention to your husband? I’m no worse than them." 
"If you would spend more time on me, you will find that your husband is better than any of them." 
"Hmm." 
Joanna Lawrence, clutching her bitten lips, looked up at him with wide eyes. Seeing his slightly resentful gaze, she suddenly understood. 
She laughed out loud. 
Ashton Heath took a deep breath, feeling irritated, and stared at a certain heartless creature: "What are you laughing at?" 
Does seeing him like this amuse her? 
Such a heartless girl. 
"Ashton Heath, are you jealous?" Joanna Lawrence asked, smiling, "Because I praised others, but not you, you are upset, right?" 
So that’s why his mood suddenly soured. 
She hadn’t anticipated this at all. 
Who said that a woman’s mind is as unfathomable as the ocean floor? 
A jealous man like Ashton Heath was equally unpredictable. 
The man kept his lips tight, not uttering a word. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He really is jealous. 
Seeing the brooding look in his eyes that seemed to say "I’m so outstanding, why won’t you praise me?", she suddenly saw in front of her the aloof heartthrob turning into a puppy, wagging its tail, begging for affection. 
No, a big dog. 
A German Shepherd that may look ferocious but is very gentle and loyal. 
Loyal to its owner for life. 
The jealous man is angry, she must soothe him well. 
Joanna Lawrence knew how to please him best. With a twinkle in her eye, she reached out, linked her arms around his neck, pressing down his head, raised her face and gently pecked him on his lips. 
"Alright, don’t be angry. I know you are outstanding. You are the youngest and most talented CEO in Heath Group’s history. You job managing such a big company is impeccable. If you weren’t extraordinarily capable, you wouldn’t have been able to do it." 
"Although I don’t understand much about running a business, I was a class leader in my school days and found even managing a small team a big hassle. Managing the Heath Group, with so many employees, is undoubtedly much harder for me." 
"So, I think you’re absolutely fantastic! Super incredible! You are my idol!" 
Since what bothered him was her praising other men. 
She would lavish him with praise. 
That way, he wouldn’t be that bothered, right? 
After Joanna Lawrence spoke, she blinked her eyes, gauging his reaction. 
Indeed, she saw his gloomy expression lightened considerably in the next second. 
His aura was also not as cold. 
His deep, dark eyes looked down, landing on the young girl’s delicate face in his arms: "Am I your idol?" 
Seeing that this trick worked, Joanna Lawrence immediately nodded, nodding vigorously: "Yes, yes, you are my idol. I admire you so much."
###Chapter 498: Chapter 500: I will keep my distance from them.
The iciness in the man’s eyes was rapidly melting away, and the cold aura around him gradually warmed up. He tightened his arm around the young girl’s slender waist, "What about that Director White you mentioned?" 
"Director White?" Joanna Lawrence was taken aback for a moment before remembering that she had praised Gary White earlier. Silently complaining about Ashton Heath’s jealous nature in her heart, she replied with a sweet smile, "Of course, I admire you the most." 
"Director White is indeed quite talented, but compared to you, he still falls short." 
Since Gary White wasn’t here, she thought her comment should be...fine, right? 
Her current goal was to please the man in front of her. 
"What about that Maddox Allenson you mentioned just now?" The man’s eyes teased with a faint smile, his thin lips curling up ever so slightly. 
Realizing that the "iceberg" before her had finally warmed up, Joanna secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
He must be appeased by now, she thought. 
Indeed, despite Ashton’s jealousy, it’s rather easy to cajole him. 
Just a bit of coaxing, some sweet nothings, and he’d be soothed in no time. 
"Maddox? I only met him for the first time today, and we haven’t even spent a minute together. I just think he seems to have a nice personality." Joanna quickly followed up, noticing the man’s brow furrowing slightly. "Of course, as you said, they’re all strangers to me. What I see is only on the surface. I don’t know what kind of people they really are; perhaps their friendliness is just a facade." 
After she finished speaking, Joanna saw the man’s tense brow loosen up. 
Ashton Heath patted her head, "Right, so remember to keep your distance from them. It’s important to be cautious and not take everyone at face value, especially the male actors in your circle. Most of them are quite casual about relationships, liking one woman today and another tomorrow. You’re young and innocent, inexperienced with the world, and the easiest target for deceit." 
Joanna: "..." 
Was he genuinely worried about her being cheated on, or was he just trying to scare her away from getting close to other men? 
Whichever it was, she thought, just go along with it. 
"I understand!" With an expression of humility and eagerness to learn, Joanna nodded firmly, "I’ll keep my distance from them." 
Ashton indicated his satisfaction with her response, and he tousled her hair again, "Remember, other than your husband, all the strange men who try to approach you have ulterior motives. You’re not to pay them any attention." 
"If anyone dares to bother you persistently, let me know. I’ll take care of them." 
Joanna: "...Okay, I understand." 
Her obedient and clever appearance pleased the man greatly, and Joanna felt that the impending crisis had finally been averted. 
"Ahem, Mr. Ashton...shall we head to the company next?" 
Zack, who had grown used to the lovey-dovey couple in the back seat, asked casually. 
Ashton gazed at Joanna with tender affection, "Do you need to go to school? I can take you there." 
Joanna thought for a moment and shook her head, "I don’t have many classes this morning. In three days, I have to go to the film crew. I thought I could go to the school this afternoon to request a leave. In the next few days, I could read the script and familiarize myself with the plot ahead of time." 
Ashton suggested, as if asking for her opinion, "Would you like to come to the company with me?" Before waiting for her response, he directed Zack, "Drive us to the company."
###Chapter 499: Chapter 501: In this lifetime, I will only belong to you.
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Joanna Lawrence opened her mouth, originally wanting to refuse, but remembering something, she eventually let him have his way. 
Nevermind, she didn’t have anything else to do anyway, so she might as well go to the company with him. 
As long as he didn’t think she was bothering him, it would be fine. 
* 
At the Heath Group. 
Ashton Heath brought her directly from the basement to the 37th floor where the president’s office was located. 
The two walked hand in hand out of the elevator. A few female secretaries outside the work area saw them and their astonished eyes almost popped out. 
They stared with amazement until Ashton Heath passed by them, finally snapping out of it and hurriedly greeting, "President Ashton." 
Ashton Heath ignored them, still holding onto Joanna’s hand as they walked straight into his office. 
However, Joanna turned her head and glanced at the few female secretaries before following Ashton into the office, casually asking, "Are all those women outside your secretaries?" 
"Yes, why do you ask?" 
Entering the office, Ashton Heath still hadn’t let go of her hand, their fingers tightly intertwined. 
In the hot summer weather, 
Joanna felt that her hand was sweaty and unappealing and didn’t particularly like holding hands, but Ashton seemed not bothered at all. 
"Oh, nothing. I just think they’re all quite pretty," she complimented sincerely. 
She couldn’t help but admit the Heath Group’s employees were all good-looking. 
The female secretaries outside had an average height of at least 165 cm and were all fair-skinned beauties with long legs, very pleasing to the eye. 
Ashton Heath paused, turned his head to look at her, and said immediately, "If you don’t like it, I’ll have the Human Resources Department notify them to start the resignation process." 
Joanna: "" 
She looked confused, "I don’t have any problem with them. It doesn’t make any sense to fire them." 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, staring intently at her, "You just said they’re pretty." 
"Yeah, I think they’re quite pretty. Is there a problem with that?" 
"You don’t mean you’re bothered by it, do you?" 
"... No." Joanna looked at the man’s serious expression, her lips twitching. She quickly explained, "I just genuinely think they’re good-looking and the employees of the Heath Group have high standards of appearance. It’s very pleasing." 
"I really don’t mind, I swear!"
She was afraid Ashton would misunderstand and fire the perfectly good employees. 
Wouldn’t that make her the culprit? 
Ashton Heath stared at her for a while longer. After confirming that she truly didn’t mind, he finally grinned, "If you don’t mind, then it’s fine. But, aren’t you really the slightest bit worried? Afraid I won’t be able to resist temptation?" 
Inside, he felt a tinge of annoyance. 
She wasn’t worried that his female secretaries were too beautiful, which might give him other ideas? 
Not worried at all? 
This time, Joanna quickly sensed that the man felt something was off and quickly figured out the reason. She immediately spoke sweetly to appease him, "I’m not scared. I trust you." 
She tightly held his hand, black eyes fixed on him, filled with absolute trust, and said, "I know you’re not that kind of person, so I’m at ease with my trust in you." 
"If I don’t have even that much trust, how can I be your wife?" 
Ashton Heath hesitated for a moment, a joyful smile appearing in his eyes. 
He took her into his arms and pressed a tender kiss on her forehead, "Baby, in this life, I’ll only be yours. Whether it’s my body or my heart, I belong solely to you."
###Chapter 500: Chapter 502: Is it okay to end the trial period now?
"Don’t worry, I won’t do anything to hurt or upset you," 
"Although you don’t mind, I still want to explain. Those female secretaries were not hired by me, they have been working here for many years before I officially took over Heath Group." 
"I kept them because they are indeed capable workers." 
"Mmm, I understand." Joanna Lawrence smiled and hugged him back. 
Even though she hadn’t doubted anything, Ashton Heath’s voluntary explanation made her feel more secure. 
Such a man gives a sense of safety. 
A woman’s strong suspicion comes from a man’s inability to provide enough security. 
"Baby." 
"Hmm?" 
"Can we end the trial period now?" 
This morning, they had even experienced their most intimate moments. 
Continuing to maintain the relationship of pursuit and being pursued seems a bit inappropriate now. 
Of course, the most important point is that Ashton Heath wants to end the pursuit phase quickly so that he can do anything he wants to her without any guilt. 
For example, like now, he can hug her when he wants to and kiss her when he wants to. 
Joanna blinked her eyes, also thinking of what had happened this morning. 
She feels a bit embarrassed. 
He had just begun to pursue her, and yet they had become intimate so quickly. 
She felt that since they had already done that, letting him continue to pursue her like a normal suitor seemed a bit too pretentious. 
However, she also felt a little stifled. 
He had promised to pursue her properly. 
But she had accepted him in just a couple of days, hasn’t she shortchanged herself a little too much? 
She hasn’t even enjoyed the feeling of being pursued for a few days. 
Ashton Heath seemed to know what she was thinking and chuckled softly, stroking her hair, "Baby, I just hope we can restore our previous relationship. If you like me pursuing you, I can continue the pursuit." 
"Whatever way you like, I’ll go that way." 
"You can have me pursue you for as long as you’d like, even a lifetime is no problem." 
Joanna hesitated and asked, "But, we are already together, is there any need for you to pursue me?" 
"Of course, there is," Ashton Heath gently tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, his voice soft and tender, "Who says you can’t continue the pursuit after getting together? As long as you like it, I’ll continue to pursue you." 
After looking into each other’s eyes for a few seconds, Joanna opened her mouth to speak, but her phone suddenly rang.
She saw it was Aria Rowlett calling and immediately picked up. 
"Wow, Baby, what’s up with your heartthrob?" 
"What happened?" Joanna glanced at Ashton Heath. 
"He sent you 999 pink roses yesterday, and then an even bigger bouquet today? Is this going to be a daily thing? Our little dorm room can’t fit them all." 
"I know heartthrob has money to spare, but can you tell him not to send so many flowers next time? It’s a waste to throw them away and it’s a headache not knowing how to handle them." 
Joanna: "..." 
After hanging up the phone, she directly asked Ashton Heath, "Did you send me flowers again?" 
"Mm-hmm." Ashton Heath nodded. 
He had asked Cody Aberton to order 1314 pink roses yesterday, which seemed to have been delivered to her side already.
###Chapter 501: Chapter 503: Are you angry?
Joanna Lawrence: "How many did you send?" 
"1314, I’ve heard this number holds a good meaning." 
"..." 
"But, if you send so many, our small apartment won’t be able to fit all of them." 
Receiving the flowers, Joanna Lawrence was of course thrilled. 
But if Ashton Heath keeps sending them like this, their home would probably end up looking like a flower sea. 
Just as she finished speaking, she saw Ashton Heath furrow his eyebrows. 
Joanna Lawrence thought he was upset, immediately rushed to explain: "It’s not that I don’t like it, can you just not send so many? Our place really can’t fit them and it’d be such a waste when all those flowers wilt and get thrown away." 
"The flowers must have been expensive, right? If you really wanna give me something, I’d prefer something practical." 
Saying this, Joanna herself felt that she lacked any sense of romanticism. 
But she genuinely wished that Ashton Heath would give her something practical. 
Something better like using the amount of money spent on the flowers to treat her to delicious food, 
"Are you angry?" she looked at his expression, asking softly. 
Should she not have said so? 
No matter what, if he cared about her, he would use such ways to please and pursue her. 
"No." Ashton Heath looked down at the girl in his arms, his eyes returning to a softer expression, "Why would I be mad at you? If you don’t like me sending so many at once, I’ll take note of that." 
"But you were..." It sure looked like he was angry. 
Ashton Heath kept silent, offered a slight smile: "I was just thinking about some other stuff. Baby, can we get back to what we were discussing? Have you considered my proposal?" 
Joanna wouldn’t be so unreasonable, he had gone to such lengths, she couldn’t possibly decline. 
She looked at him, nodding her head: "Mm, I agree." 
A pleased smile flashed across Ashton Heath’s eyes, he bent down and kissed her lightly on the lips. 
* 
Soon, Ashton Heath began to work. 
Despite being the big shot, he wasn’t part of the leisurely crowd, having just taken over Heath Group recently, there were many big and small matters that required his personal attention. 
When he got busy, he would concentrate fully on his work, barely interacting with Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence too, was afraid of disturbing him, so she didn’t initiate any conversation. 
She took out her mobile phone, muted it, and then began playing a game she had downloaded. 
One of them sat at the office desk, the other on the sofa, each minding their own business without disturbing the other. Occasionally, they would look up and exchange glances before continuing with their work. 
Although they hadn’t spoken much, simply having their silent company was different from being alone. 
Joanna Lawrence quite liked this way of spending time. 
Time passed quickly. 
Before they knew it, it was noon. 
The work in Ashton Heath’s hands had finally come to an end. 
After finishing a document, he put down his pen and rubbed his temples. 
Then he lifted his head to look at the young girl nestled in the sofa. 
The petite figure took up a corner of the sofa, engrossed in something on her mobile phone, her fair and delicate fingers swiftly tapping away on the screen. 
Her long hair cascaded over her shoulders, hiding half of her face. 
Her face was already very small, not even as big as his palm. 
Being half-covered, it made her seem even smaller, and it made her dark eyes look even bigger and rounder. 
In her eyes, it seemed as if there was a glimmering glass bead embedded. 
Her gaze was subtly lowered, and her dense, long eyelashes almost covered her eyelids.
###Chapter 502: Chapter 504: The person you mentioned, is it a man?
Today, wearing a white T-shirt, paired with a light blue denim shorts and a pair of white sneakers, her outfit matched her age, giving her a youthful look. 
She looked like she was seventeen or eighteen years old. 
Even younger than her actual age. 
This made him feel like he was dating an underage girl. 
Ashton Heath didn’t know what type of woman he liked before. 
Now he knows. 
He likes girls like Joanna Lawrence who look well-behaved, innocent, and pure. 
Just looking at her makes him feel sweet. 
Tasting her... even sweeter. 
A sweetness that can be addicting. 
After trying her once, he couldn’t get rid of the sweet taste. 
Ashton Heath didn’t even realize how gentle his eyes were when they fell on Joanna. 
If someone entered at this moment and saw this scene, they would be shocked. 
Shocked to see that their cold and aloof President Ashton could show such a tender side. 
Ashton Heath didn’t speak but stared at the girl on the couch like a devout man for a while before slowly getting up and walking lightly towards her. 
Joanna was very absorbed in her game. 
She didn’t even notice Ashton until he stood beside her. 
Ashton didn’t make a sound, just stood silently next to Joanna and looked down at her. 
After finishing the game, Joanna put down her phone, stretched her waist and noticed the man standing beside her. 
"Are you done?" She looked at the time displayed on her phone. It was already half past eleven. 
"Mhm." 
Ashton sat down beside her, stretched his long arm, and habitually held her in his arms. 
He really liked holding Joanna. 
The tender girl’s body was soft and fragrant. Holding her, he experienced being with a true jade beauty for the first time. 
He realized that embracing someone could be addicting as well. 
"Were you playing a game just now?" The man’s voice was deep and seductive as his warm breath on her cheek made her shiver. 
Joanna nodded: "Mhm." 
"What game? King of Glory you mentioned before?" 
"Yeah." Joanna recalled the game she just played and excitedly said, "There are so many pros playing ranked games this season. I just met a National Server Poet. In the last team fight, all of us died except him. Not only did he steal the dragon but also managed a Pentakill against the enemy showing off in a 1v5." 
"Then he took the minions and the dragon to destroy the enemy’s crystal." 
"His moves were incredibly cool!" 
"It was the first time I met such an amazing Poet. I wanted to add him as a friend, but he set it to not allow friend requests. He must be a very cool and unique darling." 
"His in-game ID was also so nice, called ’A Fleeting Dream in the Flourishing Capital.’ 
Listening to the girl in his arms, chattering about the in-game character named Poet, Ashton’s jealousy began to spill. 
Did he just hear her calling someone darling? 
She had never called him that. 
The arm around her waist tightened, and the man’s deep black eyes narrowed: "The person you mentioned, is a guy?" 
"Definitely a guy. It’s rare for girls to show off like that. Moreover, girls don’t usually play assassins." Joanna didn’t notice someone was getting jealous and explained clearly and concisely. 
Ashton narrowed his eyes again and wordlessly took her phone.
###Chapter 503: Chapter 505: What Others Can Do, Your Husband Can Do Too
He opened the app on his phone, found the game she had downloaded, and logged in. In the list of assassins, he chose the one named Poet. 
Joanna asked in confusion, "What are you up to? Do you know how to play Poet?" 
She remembered that Ashton Heath had never played this game before. 
He had even asked her to help him download it on his phone previously. 
Ashton Heath: "No." 
Joanna: "..." 
He checked Poet’s basic attributes and skills and then exited. He clicked on Rank directly. 
When Joanna saw the matchmaking screen, she widened her eyes: "You’re going to play right now? If you don’t know how, you can do some bot practice first. People usually play Rank after they’re familiar with a hero, otherwise you’ll let your teammates down, and they’ll scold you." 
And in the game, people won’t care about your identity. 
If you let them down, you’ll still get scolded. 
Besides, no one would know who the person on the other side playing Rank with you is. 
The man casually held his phone, lowered his head to glance at her, and ruffled her hair with his big hand: "Be good. If others can do it, your husband can too. Baby, if I can one-vs-five in this game as well, will you call me darling later?" 
He imagined how sweet and tender Joanna’s voice would be when she called him darling, his body suddenly tightened, and his breathing became rapid. 
Joanna: "..." 
No wonder he suddenly wanted to play the game. 
He was actually jealous of her calling someone else darling. 
He was even jealous of a passerby who had only played one game with her. 
Joanna laughed: "I’m not saying I don’t believe in you, but the Poet hero has high operational requirements. It’s not as simple as other assassins. It’s unrealistic to think of one-vs-five the first time playing. Why don’t you swap to a hero with simpler controls?" 
After the other teammates had chosen the heroes to ban, Ashton Heath was the first. He locked in Poet directly. 
Joanna: "..." 
After locking in, it couldn’t be changed. 
Unless a teammate was willing to swap heroes with him. 
She felt that their teammates were definitely going to be dragged down this match. 
Someone who had never played Poet before playing Rank with him would undoubtedly let their teammates down so badly, they wouldn’t recognize their own mother. 
She silently apologized to their teammates in her heart. 
And she was mentally prepared to be reported. 
"Baby," after locking in the hero, Ashton Heath lifted her chin, looked deeply into her eyes, and said earnestly, "If I win this match and one-vs-five, will you call me Ashton for once?" 
Seeing his confident appearance, Joanna didn’t want to demoralize him further. 
She really wanted to say that being good at corporate management didn’t mean one would be good at playing games. 
They were two different things. 
Perhaps he was really talented in management, but when it came to gaming, he might not be as good as a newbie like her. 
However, since he insisted on playing, she couldn’t stop him.
She thought that if their teammates were strong, they might be able to win by riding on their coattails. 
But as for one-vs-five, it was absolutely unrealistic. 
So, she didn’t really think it over and agreed readily: "Alright, I promise." 
Anyway, it was impossible for him to do it. 
Ashton Heath’s dark eyes sparkled, and he hooked his lips: "Alright, let’s make a deal." 
One minute later, they officially entered the game. 
As expected, just as Joanna predicted, within the first six minutes of the game, Ashton Heath fed three kills. 
His own stats were zero kills, three deaths, and zero assists.
###Chapter 504: Chapter 506: What to do, they say they want to report
Looking at his performance, Joanna Lawrence felt quite embarrassed, feeling like she had really messed up. 
This is what they call having fierce gameplay but a record of zero kills, five deaths. 
In the game King of Glory, the performance of the Jungle Hero is critical to the outcome of the match. 
Because the Jungle position is meant to drive the game’s pace, if the Jungle player doesn’t perform well, the team loses over half the match. 
Imagine how hopeless teammates must feel with a Jungle Poet whose record is 0-3-0. 
With a record like this, it’s impossible to accumulate wealth, let alone drive any pace. 
As a result, within a few minutes, their Defense Tower was already more than halfway destroyed. 
The opposing team took advantage of the momentum, demolishing their middle Defense Tower until only one was left standing. Once that falls, they can attack the crystal. 
Staring at Ashton Heath with a record of 0-3-0, his teammates finally couldn’t take it anymore. 
MarksMarksman: Poet, if you can’t play as Jungle, don’t steal the Jungle position. So unlucky to get such a terrible teammate like you in my promotion match. Did you do this on purpose?! 
Starbud: Don’t you know how to practice Heroes in normal matches? Why bring it to ranked? This is just harming others. 
National Service’s Strongest Support: This Poet is really too terrible. Let’s all report him after the match. 
Joanna: ... 
She cast a resentful gaze at Ashton Heath. "What should we do? They’re going to report."
If Ashton Heath’s performance doesn’t improve by the end of the match and everyone reports him, they’ll lose more than ten points. 
If she loses too many credit points, she won’t be able to play rank for the next few days. 
The man’s gaze remains focused on his mobile screen, completely unfazed by his teammates’ collective criticism; he calmly continues to operate his hero. 
"What happens if they successfully report?" 
He replied Joanna while playing the game. 
Joanna pouted. "It’ll take away my credit points, and I won’t be able play rank temporarily." 
"What can be done to make their report unsuccessful?" 
Joanna pouted again, not holding out much hope: "Unless you can get a few kills. Otherwise, if you don’t get a single kill, the system will consider it intentional feeding." 
Ashton Heath was silent for a moment: "Indeed, I did it on purpose." 
Joanna: ... 
He did this on purpose? 
Didn’t he want to win? 
Purposefully feeding like this can only lead to losing, right? 
"I fed a few kills just now to familiarize myself with the hero’s controls. Now that I’m mostly used to it, don’t worry; I won’t let the opponents get any more kills from me." 
"Since getting kills can make their report unsuccessful, I’ll go and get some." 
Hearing him speak so casually, Joanna thought he must be talking big just to save face. 
He’s already fed so many kills and has low gold; how could he still get kills from the opposing team? 
Joanna had little faith in him. 
She just hoped he would feed fewer kills in the remaining time and stop dragging down his teammates. 
Maybe there’s still hope to win. 
But a few minutes later. 
Joanna, who had been watching Ashton Heath play the game all along, suddenly widened her eyes in disbelief. 
At the same time. 
A series of prompts came from within the phone: "First Blood, Double Kill, Triple Kill, Quadra Kill, Penta..." 
After another voice announced the total annihilation of the opponent team, teammates who had previously scolded Ashton Heath for being unskilled showered him with praise: 666666, bro, your gameplay is really amazing! You’re so talented! Were you playing with your feet just now, Big Shot?
###Chapter 505: Chapter 507 Ashton
Even the players on the opposing side bombarded the chat with a string of ’66666’, expressing their admiration for the skills of the Poet. 
The highly praised Big Shot remained calm and composed, taking his artillery team to destroy the competitor’s crystal without batting an eyelid. 
When the game screen displayed the victory, Joanna Lawrence was still in a daze. 
Having finished the game and checked the battle results, Ashton Heath handed the phone back to Joanna Lawrence. "We won. I achieved a Pentakill. I’ve fulfilled my promises. Now, isn’t it time for you to fulfill yours?" 
Joanna Lawrence dumbfoundedly took over the phone. 
She lowered her head to take a glance at the displayed battle record, where Poet had scored 5-3-5, a Pentakill. 
"How...how did you do that?" She held the gaze for a while before slowly raising her head, still finding it hard to believe. 
Just a few minutes ago, he was merely a newbie with disappointing performance numbers.
And a few minutes later, a Pentakill?! 
Could it be possible he was pretending to be a novice all this while?! 
Ashton Heath found her reaction quite satisfactory. 
Finally, she discovered his impressive abilities. 
He casually replied, "Once you get familiar with the skills, you can do it. It’s simple." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Is this really your first time playing this game?" 
She had serious doubts! 
No one could possibly be this good playing for the first time. 
Unless they are a gaming prodigy! 
"Yes." Ashton Heath said indifferently, "It’s my first time playing. What’s the matter?" 
Joanna Lawrence stared at him for a while before gradually believing him. 
She felt there was no need for Ashton Heath to lie to her. 
He was usually busy with work and had various social obligations after work. He probably didn’t have much time to play games. 
His time was precious, not something to be wasted on games. 
So, it is said, when you encounter someone who is naturally talented in a certain area, no matter how hard you try, you’ll still end up being crushed. 
She had been playing this game for more than two years. 
Yet, she was still no match for a newbie. 
What could she say to that? 
She was really exhausted. 
"Baby, let’s get back to the point," Ashton Heath wrapped his long arm around the soft and sweet girl, gently lifting her chin with his hand, looking at her with deep and alluring eyes, "call me ’Ashton’ once, I’m waiting." 
A blush spread across Joanna Lawrence’s face. 
She had agreed so readily at the beginning thinking he would definitely not be able to do it. 
She never thought that he would actually do it. 
She felt that calling him ’brother’ was so embarrassing, so cheesy. 
Why on earth would Ashton Heath have such a weird hobby? 
He enjoyed being called ’brother’ by others. 
"Baby?" Ashton Heath’s voice was deep and irresistible, and the corner of his lips slowly curled up, "You’re not thinking of backing out, are you?" 
"No." Resisting the embarrassment bubbling up inside her, Joanna Lawrence touched her hot cheek, pressing her lips together, took a deep breath, and with a sense of resignation, she squinted her eyes tightly and let out a soft whisper, "Ashton...brother Ashton..." 
Her voice was sweet and velvety. 
Because of the shyness, her voice was especially soft and hesitant when she called out ’Ashton’. 
After saying that, her face turned a deeper shade of red, as though her entire face was on fire. 
Her voice was so seductively soft and tender as if a little kitten was meowing. 
She herself didn’t notice how sweet, how attractive, how tempting her voice was. 
However, to Ashton Heath, his whole body tightened instantly, his eyes darkening with desire. 
The fingers holding her chin tightened a little before speaking again, his voice hoarse, "Baby, say it one more time."
###Chapter 506: Chapter 508: Can I giving you everything, is that okay?
Joanna Lawrence protested, the embarrassment of the earlier call was already overwhelming. She shook her head defiantly, her face flushed. "No, I’ve called out once already." 
Ashton Heath lied, "Your voice was too faint, I didn’t hear." 
In fact, her voice had been quite soft. 
However, he had heard it loud and clear. 
Such a delicate and dulcet voice, like a small kitten’s mew, was tempting enough. 
Ashton Heath lied again, "Your voice was too faint, I didn’t hear." 
He pondered, if during such times, she would tenderly call him the same way, he reckons he might lose his mind. 
A complete loss of control. 
"Baby, be a good girl and call it out again." The man pressed his hot, sexy, thin lips to her ear and spoke in a sultry, deep voice, "Call it again, I’ll play the game for you and let you win every time. Sounds good?" 
"Tell me what hero you like, and I’ll use that hero. Tell me what Rank you want to achieve, and I’ll get you there. If you softly call out ’Ashton’ one more time, I’ll listen to everything you say, give you anything you want, okay?" 
The man’s voice was deep, husky, and sexually provocative. 
Like a siren who could seduce with song. 
Joanna Lawrence was so hooked by this voice that the very tips of her heart trembled. 
This man, Ashton Heath... 
He really would stop at nothing to achieve his goal. 
He was intentionally tempting her, wasn’t he? 
If that was the case, then he succeeded. 
Because she simply could not resist. 
Her mind was dazed, her heart pounding non-stop. She was swathed in his domineering, sharp aura; everything about him filled her breath, her sight, her thoughts, her hearing. 
His person, his aura, his voice... 
They formed a tight-knit net, weaving around her without any cracks. 
"Baby, hmm?" A certain persistent man blew a hot breath into her ear, his voice becoming increasingly sultry. 
Joanna Lawrence, her ears burning from the flirtatious whispers, resigned herself to the fact that he would not give up until she complied. So, she bit her lower lip, blush spreading across her face as she overcame her shyness and called out, "Ashton." 
After she spoke, she covered her heated face and glared at him. "Are you satisfied now?" she asked, her voice still soft from embarrassment. 
The man looming over her did not respond for a while. 
All Joanna Lawrence could perceive was the increasingly scorching breaths he exhaled. 
As well as his intense gaze fixed on her. 
Out of curiosity, she lifted her head. The moment she met his deep, burning eyes, she was startled by the spark ignited in the depths of his pupils. 
In his eyes, which were lit by this flame, her slightly flustered reflection was captured. 
"Ashton Heath, you..." 
Seeing his gaze growing hotter and the arm around her waist tightening, she hurriedly pushed him away, attempting to extract herself from his clasp. 
But in the next moment, her world spun and she found herself thrown onto the sofa. 
"Baby." A husky voice, so coarse it hardly resembled speech, accompanied by heat-inducing breath, fell into her ear. The man articulated each word solemnly, "I want you." 
Barely had his voice died away when he swooped down to kiss her. 
The kiss was absolutely authoritative as he took possession of her delicate lips, leaving her with no opportunity to reject him. 
* 
An hour later, it was finally over. 
Joanna Lawrence lay sprawled on the bed, soaked in sweat. 
It took a while for her to collect herself from that overwhelming sensation.
###Chapter 507: Chapter 509: Finally Redeeming Past Humiliation
Ashton Heath rolled over to one side, embracing her in his arms, and kissed her sweaty forehead, his voice hoarse, "Baby, are you okay? Are you satisfied with my performance this time?" 
Finally, he could feel pride, seeing the little snowball-like person in his arms too tired to move, Ashton Heath’s brows and eyes were full of satisfaction. 
This time, he must have satisfied her. 
He had felt it just now. 
Joanna Lawrence gathered herself, remembering her wildness, her face flushed, and she buried her head in his chest, too embarrassed to face him. 
Ah ah ah, so embarrassing. 
She was clearly resisting at first, but gradually, it didn’t hurt that much anymore. 
She didn’t want to admit that she was the one who clung to Ashton Heath’s arm and refused to let go, yet actively cooperated with him. 
Seeing the woman with her head deeply buried in his chest, her entire face hidden as if she wanted to dig a hole and hide in it, Ashton Heath chuckled lowly, his large hand rubbing her head, "If you don’t speak, does that mean you’re conceding that I satisfied you?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Her face turned even redder. 
Ashton Heath, this man, was so annoying. 
Why must he make her say it out loud? 
Didn’t he know that she, as a girl, was easily embarrassed? 
And besides, whether she was satisfied or not, couldn’t he feel it? 
He had to ask her! 
Her silence was met with an even deeper and more delighted chuckle from the man. His scorching gaze fell on her red-marked fair skin, his eyes darkened, his voice low and husky, "Baby, I want to do it again." 
With her, it was never enough, no matter how much he wanted. 
The little woman, who had been burying her head in his chest and not daring to look at him, was frightened by his words. She raised her head, her eyes wide and round, and refused outright, "No!" 
Ashton Heath still wasn’t content, "Why not? Didn’t you enjoy it just now too?" 
Joanna Lawrence blushed furiously, meeting the man’s deep and somewhat scary eyes, and immediately grabbed his arm, her voice soft and coquettish, "Ashton Heath, I’m tired. I’m so sleepy, I want to take a nap."
Little did she know that her soft and tender voice not only failed to dispel the man’s thoughts but also made Ashton Heath want to tease her more. 
He swallowed, staring at her pink lips for a few seconds, then lowered his head to kiss her, "Alright, I’ll try to be quick." 
* 
After the second time, Joanna Lawrence was so tired that she had no strength left. 
Ashton Heath carried her to the bathroom, cleaned her up, and then carried her back to the bed. 
Her clothes were wrinkled and torn, the skirt ripped, and now unwearable. 
Ashton Heath knew he had gone a little too far today. Even though she cried and begged him, he still shamelessly wanted her for so long. 
Her body was delicate. 
He had taken her three times in just half a day, and she must be exhausted. 
He gently caressed her soft cheeks, grabbed a thin blanket to cover her, bent down to give her a light peck, softly saying, "Baby, you rest here, and I’ll have Cody Aberton buy you a new set of clothes." 
Joanna Lawrence had just been teased mercilessly by him, her eyes swollen from crying, but she couldn’t make him stop. 
And, the more she cried, the more he teased her. 
She was actually angry with him and didn’t want to pay attention to him. But, when she heard him say that he would let Cody Aberton buy her clothes, her face turned even redder, and she hurriedly spoke up to stop him, "No..."
###Chapter 508: Chapter 510: The Bad Guy Who Always Bullies Her
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows slightly, "Hmm? Baby, I’m afraid your clothes can’t be worn anymore. I’m sorry, I used a little too much force just now and I tore your clothes." 
Joanna Lawrence said coyly, "If you ask Cody to buy me clothes, wouldn’t he know...know what we did inside?" 
How embarrassing this will be. 
Ashton Heath hesitated for a moment before lifting his thin lips and laughing, "You’re worried about this?" 
With a flushed face, Joanna Lawrence nodded. 
Doing such things with Ashton Heath in his office was already embarrassing enough for her. 
If others found out... 
Ah! How would she face his employees in the future? 
The smile deepened on Ashton Heath’s lips. He bent down, pinched her soft chin, and said regretfully, "Sorry, baby, I might have to disappoint you." 
"What do you mean?" 
Ashton Heath sighed, "I’m afraid that Cody and the others might have heard it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She couldn’t believe her eyes, "Isn’t the sound insulation in your office very good? How could the others hear it?" 
"Baby..." Ashton Heath’s lips formed a wicked grin, and he uttered a sentence that made Joanna Lawrence’s face turn crimson in an instant, "You were quite loud just now. The soundproofing in my office is good, but I guess they heard at least some of it." 
Joanna Lawrence was so embarrassed that she could die. 
How could she face Cody in the future? 
And his other secretaries... 
Feeling embarrassed, angry, and upset, she vented at him, "It’s all your fault! Ashton Heath, I hate you!" 
Looking at the girl venting her anger at him, Ashton Heath was not only not angry, but his eyes were also filled with tenderness and indulgence. He leaned down to hug her and chuckled softly, "Baby, what’s there to be ashamed of? I enjoyed your performance just now." 
"Don’t be shy, even if Cody and the others heard it, they wouldn’t dare to say anything. They wouldn’t even dare to bring it up in front of you." 
"Besides, there’s nothing to be embarrassed about. We are husband and wife, isn’t it normal for us to have an intimate life? People knowing about what we did in the office will only make them envious of our excellent relationship and jealous of you for having such a loving and caring husband." 
But still, Joanna Lawrence felt so embarrassed. 
In broad daylight, she and Ashton Heath were in his office... 
"Anyway, you’re not allowed to touch me outside anymore!" She bit her lip and said angrily, "If you do this again, I will never speak to you again." 
Bad guy. 
Big bad guy. 
A bad guy who only knows how to bully her. 
What an austere heartthrob, what a pure-hearted and lustless man. 
That’s all crap! 
If he could be called a man who keeps away from women, then all the men in the world could be called pure-hearted and lustless. 
Ashton Heath had just eaten his fill and felt extremely satisfied, both physically and mentally. Naturally, he would be willing to obey whatever the little woman in his arms said. 
Whatever she said, he agreed. 
In any case, he promised first to comfort her. 
As for whether he could do it or not, that was another matter. 
Not touching her outside anymore? 
How was that possible? 
Having tasted her, he wanted to touch her all the time. 
Like right now... 
He wanted to touch her again. 
Just thinking of the various seductive poses she had just taken under him, his blood began to boil. 
However, he also knew that he couldn’t touch her again today. 
She was truly exhausted. 
If he did, he would really hurt her. 
They have a long way to go, so he decided to let her go for now and allowed her to rest well.
###Chapter 509: Chapter 511: Never Expected That President Ashton Would Be This Kind of Person
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
* 
Outside the office. 
When Cody Aberton received a call from Ashton Heath to go to the mall and buy a set of women’s clothes immediately, the expression on his face was rather unspeakable. 
Just now, when he heard some female secretaries gossiping about President Ashton and Ms. Joanna, he thought it was outrageous and absurd. 
He believed it was an impossible situation. 
This simply wasn’t Ashton Heath’s style. 
If it were Mr. Yannick doing something like this, he would think it was perfectly normal. 
After all, Mr. Yannick was a person whose behavior was pretty absurd and had done even more absurd things. 
But how could it be their Boss Ashton Heath. 
It was not that President Ashton was a very upright person; it’s just that from his understanding of Ashton, this matter was a little too absurd for him. 
And President Ashton’s self-control wouldn’t be so terrible. 
So when he heard those female secretaries talking like that, he sternly scolded them. 
It scared the female secretaries into repeatedly calling out "Brother Cody" and swearing that they would not make any more chaos, begging him never to tell Ashton Heath about this matter. 
Otherwise, they would be doomed. 
He was angry, but he certainly didn’t plan to tell Ashton Heath. 
With President Ashton’s temper, knowing that these female secretaries were discussing him and his wife behind their back, he would surely fire them. 
Cody and these female secretaries usually had good relationships, so he wouldn’t do something so heartless. 
But now... 
After finishing the call with Ashton Heath, Cody was utterly shocked. 
It felt like his worldview had been destroyed. 
When Ms. Joanna entered the president’s office, her clothes were just fine. 
But President Ashton asked him to buy a new set of clothes. 
Moreover, it was a complete set from the inside out. 
It was obvious what had happened to Ms. Joanna. 
He really didn’t expect that President Ashton would be this kind of person. 
Recalling Ashton Heath’s usual cold, restrained, and self-disciplined demeanor, it was truly difficult to associate him with this current self-indulgent BOSS. 
Do men become so unrestrained post-marriage? 
Even President Ashton was no exception. 
Sigh, ever since Ashton got married, he had changed so much. 
Many things he absolutely wouldn’t have done before, and even disdained and resisted doing, he was doing them now. 
Is the power of love really so magical? 
Can it really make people willingly change that much? 
During college, Cody Aberton was a bookworm who devoted himself to his studies, studying every day. 
Studying made him happy, fulfilled, and made his life better and more meaningful. 
He had never thought about falling in love. 
In fact, during college, Cody Aberton did have some pursuers. 
Although he was not like Ashton Heath, who had been the focus of affection and attention from the opposite sex since childhood, among ordinary people, he was a high-quality man with good overall conditions.
###Chapter 510: Chapter 512: He’s Such a Jerk
Walking down the street, he was handsome enough to turn a few heads. 
But he never had a relationship throughout his four years of university. 
From graduation to working at the Heath Group, he has remained single until now. 
When he was in school, his studies were the most important thing to him. 
After starting work, his job took precedence over everything else. 
As for dating, he never considered it, nor had much interest in it. 
But now... 
Seeing his boss undergo so many changes since getting married and having a wife made Cody Aberton feel like he wanted to experience the dating life as well. 
He wanted to try out and see how life would be different after falling in love. 
Would it become better? 
Having lived a monotonous life for so many years, he seemed to grow tired of this kind of lifestyle. 
* 
After Ashton Heath called Cody Aberton, he went to the break room to see Joanna Lawrence. 
Within a few minutes, the little one lying on the small bed had already closed her eyes and fallen asleep. 
Her eyelashes were long, dense, and curled, making her look like a darling doll. 
Her delicate and beautiful tiny face looked just like a figurine doll displayed in a store window, so pretty that it felt a bit surreal. 
That snow-white skin made him unable to keep his hands off her. 
Because her skin was very fair, even a slight mark would be very noticeable which lead to her having a few more scars than he like, due to his prior indulgence. 
Those blue and purple marks at first glance looked as though she had been abused. 
It was a bit shocking. 
Ashton stood by the bed for a while, secretly cursing himself in his mind as a brute. 
How could he be so ruthless to his darling? 
He was really despicable. 
Now that his rational mind had returned, he felt remorseful and realized how awful he had been. 
But he seemed to forget, when his desire was aroused, he had all sorts of ill-intended thoughts towards the girl with teary-eyed innocent looks, and he didn’t feel a shred of guilt about it. 
Ashton Heath sat lightly on the edge of the bed, gently placing his large hand on the girl’s blushingly tender face, and stroking her soft cheek with the palm of his hand. 
He lowered his voice and said, "Baby, I’m sorry. Forgive me for not being able to control myself. Next time...I’ll be careful." 
The little one on the bed was already asleep, naturally, she couldn’t hear what he said. 
In fact, Joanna Lawrence later realized that even if she heard, it wouldn’t make any difference. 
Whenever he promised her something, his attitude was excellent, and he was genuinely promising her. 
But when he was aroused, he would completely forget all those promises. 
At the moment of yielding to temptation, he would continue being brute, without any vagueness. 
Ashton sat there by the bed, adoringly watching Joanna sleep. After a while, remembering the pile of documents waiting for his attention, he reluctantly got up. 
Just as he was about to leave, he saw her mobile phone on the pillow light up. 
Being endowed with superior eyesight, he causally glimpsed at it and could clearly see the Twitter message sent by Aria Rowlett. 
Sweet Aria: Baby, a relative came to Closia city and brought me lots of local specialities. Where are you now and when are you returning to the campus? I’ve packed a portion for you. Let your heartthrob stew them. I heard that these foods are very nourishing. You mentioned that your heartthrob doesn’t last long right? Maybe this could help improve his stamina.
###Chapter 511: Chapter 513: Actually, My Husband Is Very Awesome.
Walking down the street, he was also slightly eye-catching as a handsome guy. 
But he never had a relationship during his four years of college. 
From graduation, to entering Heath Group, to now, he’s remained single. 
When he was in school, his studies were the most important thing. 
After starting work, his job became his top priority. 
As for dating and such, he never considered it, and did not have much interest. 
But now... 
Seeing how his own Boss changed so much after getting married and having a wife, Cody Aberton suddenly felt that he wanted to try dating too. 
He wanted to experience the difference between life after falling in love and his current life. 
Would it become even more amazing? 
After being stuck in an unchanging life for so many years, it seemed that he had become a bit tired of this monotonous life. 
* 
After calling Cody Aberton, Ashton Heath went back to the break room to check on Joanna Lawrence. 
In just a few minutes, the girl lying on the small bed had already fallen asleep with her eyes closed. 
She had very long, thick eyelashes, and their curled shape made her look like a doll. 
And her delicate, beautiful face paired with those features looked like a figurine displayed in a shop window. 
Ashton sat by the bedside, staring at Joanna as she slept like a lovesick person. Before long, he remembered he still had a pile of paperwork waiting for him and reluctantly stood up. 
Just as he was about to leave, he noticed her phone on the bedside table light up. 
Ashton’s eyesight was very good, and with a glance, he clearly saw the Twitter message sent by Aria Rowlett. 
Originally, Ashton just happened to take a quick look. 
But once he saw the message on the screen, his face suddenly changed, and his stiff posture froze in place. 
Immediately after, his facial expression became just as stiff. 
His gaze fixed on the phone screen, and he read the last sentence carefully again: Wasn’t it you who said the heartthrob didn’t last long enough? Perhaps eating this could help. 
Ashton carefully read the sentence word by word, and indescribable emotions welled up in his heart. 
So, she had genuinely looked down on him. 
And she had even complained about it to her best friend. 
For Ashton, this was unbearable. 
If he hadn’t happened to see this message, he wouldn’t have known about this. 
Thinking about the close relationship between Joanna and Aria, Ashton suddenly began to worry whether Aria felt he was insufficient as a husband, and if she privately advised Joanna to divorce him. 
After all, Joanna was still young. 
If a girl under twenty had an incapable husband, it would be difficult to endure such a long life ahead. 
If he were Aria, he wouldn’t want his best sister to stay with him. 
Realizing this possibility, Ashton’s face darkened, and after hesitating for a few seconds, he bent down and picked up the phone. 
For the first time, he did something unethical like snooping on someone else’s phone. 
Even though the person was his own wife. 
Without her consent, looking through her conversations was still wrong. 
But now, he couldn’t hold back. 
When it came to defending his male pride, being unethical was worth it. 
Compared to morals, the wife was definitely more important. 
Ashton opened Joanna’s chat with Aria and read their conversation word by word, and his handsome face darkened even more. 
Perhaps due to not receiving an immediate reply, Aria quickly sent another message: But, you must never tell the heartthrob what the healing effect of that thing is. If he finds out, it will definitely hurt his self-esteem. Men are very sensitive at such times, their souls are especially fragile. 
Ashton’s fingers tightened as he held the phone, a dangerous cold smile forming at his lips. 
Unfortunately, Aria couldn’t see this. 
He suddenly felt that he shouldn’t have let Joanna off so easily earlier. 
He should have caught her and tried a few more times. 
To make her thoroughly understand just how capable he was. 
Now, even her best friend knew he was "incapable." 
Moreover, she wanted to serve him the aphrodisiac supplements. 
For a proud man like Ashton, this was without a doubt a humiliation. 
He took a deep breath, holding back the uncomfortable feeling in his heart, and replied to Aria’s message on Joanna’s behalf. 
Fluffy Cutie: What happened this morning was an accident. Actually, my husband is very impressive and strong. He just pulled me into exercising several more times, and every time lasted quite long, at least more than an hour. Thank you for your kindness, but he doesn’t need those supplements. 
Sweet Aria: ! Are you the real Joanna? 
Ashton saw that Aria seemed to doubt him, and still calmly replied: Otherwise? I just exercised with him for a few hours, and I’m very tired now. If there’s nothing else, I’m going to sleep. 
Sweet Aria: Wow!!That’s too explosive!!You guys exercised for hours in broad daylight?!! So you’re with the heartthrob now?
###Chapter 512: Chapter 514: My Dearest Husband
Fluffy Cutie: Mhm. 
Sweet Aria: But at this time, the heartthrob should be at work, right? Please don’t tell me that you’re exercising with the heartthrob in his office. 
Fluffy Cutie: Mhm. 
Sweet Aria: Office play? Wow, that’s so thrilling! I never expected that the heartthrob, who looks so serious and self-disciplined, would have such a beastly side. It’s true that you can’t judge a book by its cover. 
Fluffy Cutie: ... 
Sweet Aria: With such vigorous energy from the heartthrob, I’m afraid your frail body might not be able to withstand his tossing around. Since he doesn’t need any supplements, I’ll give them to you instead. Make sure to replenish yourself. 
Fluffy Cutie: ...I’m going to sleep, we’ll talk later if there’s anything else. 
After responding to this tweet, Ashton Heath did not plan to reply to Aria Rowlett anymore. 
As he was about to exit Twitter, he suddenly thought of something and clicked on Joanna Lawrence’s Twitter photo album. 
Then, he stood by the bed and read through all the content in Joanna’s Twitter Moments. 
He finished reading it quickly. 
That’s because Joanna rarely posted on Twitter Moments — she had only posted dozens of tweets in the three or four years since she registered. 
Most of the content was work-related. 
She rarely shared her personal life on there. 
There were only a few tweets with various pictures of her and Aria together. 
Ashton finished browsing the album and felt extremely comfortable and satisfied after not seeing any content related to David Benington in Joanna’s Twitter Moments. 
Not only was there no content about David, but there was also nothing related to other male friends. 
This put his mind at ease. 
After browsing Twitter Moments, he thought about it and decided to flip through her Twitter contacts list. 
Seeing that most of her contacts were female friends, and the few male friends were older men, Ashton felt even more at ease. 
Very good. 
She didn’t add any fancy-looking men or young idols to her Twitter contacts. 
Otherwise, he would have been somewhat worried. 
What if those young idols or pretty men tried to seduce her? 
Although he believed she wouldn’t do anything like cheating, the thought of other men coveting his wife still made him uncomfortable. 
Ashton checked everything thoroughly, and as he was about to exit Twitter with confidence, he hesitated and added himself to Joanna’s Twitter contacts using her account. 
Speaking of which, they had been communicating only through text messages and hadn’t added each other on Twitter yet. 
Ashton had registered a Twitter ID but rarely used it, with a usage frequency that was practically non-existent. 
Since he rarely used it, at the time he didn’t think of adding Joanna. 
But now, he changed his mind. 
He didn’t use Twitter much, so he thought it was optional. 
However, Joanna was using the communication App. 
For his wife’s sake, it seemed that he needed to pick up Twitter and start using it again. 
After thinking about it, he decided to add Joanna as a friend, and by doing so, he could occasionally browse her Twitter Moments updates in the future. 
He could also get to know her in this way. 
Ashton clicked on "New Friends," entered his Twitter ID in the search bar, and sent a friend request. 
He then took out his own phone, opened Twitter, accepted the request, and renamed Joanna’s Twitter name to "babybaby." 
He then opened Joanna’s Twitter and renamed his username to "My Husband." 
Just after typing these words, as if unsatisfied, he deleted it and renamed it again to "My Most Loved Husband."
###Chapter 513: Chapter 515: Is she President Ashton’s girlfriend?
This time, Ashton Heath was finally satisfied and stopped messing around. 
After doing all of this, he deleted the chat record between him and Aria Rowlett, then put the phone back in its original place. 
Before leaving, he leaned down and gently kissed Joanna Lawrence’s forehead, his voice hoarse as he said, "Sweet dreams, Baby." 
* 
Cody Aberton was very efficient. In less than half an hour, he had bought the clothes from the shopping mall next door 
He walked out of the elevator carrying a set of men’s and women’s clothes and headed towards the president’s office. 
As he passed by the desks of several female secretaries, he met their nervous gazes, which betrayed a desire for gossip but also fear. 
He paused for a moment, turned his head to look at the women who were looking at the clothes in his hands. He then furrowed his brows and coughed slightly before putting on a serious expression, "What are you all looking at? Do your job and stop gossiping about things that you shouldn’t." 
One of the female secretaries had a bolder personality and had a good relationship with Cody. She plucked up her courage and asked, "Cody, are those clothes for President Ashton and that lady he brought?"
When she asked her question, her eyes carried a hint of excitement, along with some ambiguity. 
Cody met her gaze and immediately guessed what she was thinking. He glared at her and pretended to scold her, "Don’t make wild guesses, and don’t think about those ridiculous things." 
The female secretary blinked and feigned innocence, "Cody, are you misunderstanding something? I didn’t think about anything like that." 
Cody snorted, "Do you think I don’t know what you all are thinking? As a long-time colleague, I would advise you to curb your curiosity about matters related to President Ashton, so you can have a long-lasting presence in the company." 
"Otherwise, you all know what President Ashton’s temper is like." 
The female secretary’s face changed slightly, and she immediately stopped herself from gossiping. Nevertheless, she asked hesitantly, "So, can you at least tell us what’s the relationship between that lady and President Ashton?" 
"Is she President Ashton’s girlfriend?" 
Cody felt like revealing this bit of information was permissible. 
He thought for a moment and nodded, "Well, you could say that. Be respectful and courteous when you see her from now on." 
Cody mentioned Joanna as Ashton’s girlfriend because Ashton didn’t seem to have any intention of making their relationship public. 
Thus, it was only natural for him to keep their marriage a secret on President Ashton’s behalf. 
The title of girlfriend was already enough to earn Ms. Joanna the respect of all the employees at Heath Group. 
After all, everyone in the company knew very well that their president didn’t have a single woman by his side in the past. 
Therefore, even if Ms. Joanna was a mistress financially supported by Ashton, no one would dare to offend her. 
"She’s really President Ashton’s girlfriend?!" The other female secretaries were shocked, wearing an expression of disbelief. 
It was as if this was the most incredible thing to happen. 
But to them, it really was mind-blowing. 
In their eyes, Ashton Heath was a workaholic who, for 24 hours a day, was busy with work except for when he was eating or sleeping. 
How did he ever find the time to date? 
Moreover, he always appeared so uninterested in women, never giving any beautiful woman standing before him a second glance. 
It was as if he had already seen through the world’s temptations, planning to enter a life of seclusion. 
It was said that their President Ashton had never had a relationship in his entire 25 years.
###Chapter 514: Chapter 513: Even This Man Was Somewhat Attracted
Over so many years, he has never been involved in even the slightest romantic affair. 
One could say that women were practically non-existent in his life. 
Except for ... Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family. 
She was the only exception. 
But who doesn’t know, Ms. Rebecca and President Ashton are just friends, and there is absolutely no ambiguity between them. 
Cody Aberton glares at them, "Of course it’s true. Would I joke about this kind of thing? You all saw it, President Ashton is very fond of his girlfriend. So, in front of Ms. Joanna, you all better behave properly." 
"Don’t underestimate her just because she looks young. Treat her respectfully." Cody warns in advance. "She is now President Ashton’s favorite, offending her would be even more severe than offending President Ashton himself. Understood?" 
A few female secretaries look at each other for a seconds, nod and say, "Okay, we got it." 
One female secretary whispered very softly, "Now that President Ashton has a girlfriend, won’t Ms. Kelloway be heartbroken if she finds out?" 
"What did you say?" Cody heard the secretary’s murmur, his face darkened, and he immediately started scolding, "What does President Ashton’s girlfriend have to do with Ms. Kelloway? She and President Ashton are just friends. How he is has nothing to do with her. I don’t want to hear such a thing again." 
"Also, right now, if I hear it, I’ll just scold you. But if Ms. Joanna or President Ashton hears it, you should know the consequences." 
When Cody said this, his tone was very serious, and there was no joking at all. 
Upon seeing this, the female secretaries immediately become as silent as cicadas in winter. 
Of course, they know what the consequences are. 
If President Ashton becomes unhappy, they might lose their jobs. 
Earlier, Cody mentioned that offending Ms. Joanna could be more severe than offending President Ashton himself. Naturally, if Ms. Joanna becomes unhappy, they would definitely lose their jobs. 
* 
After "educating" the few female secretaries, Cody walked outside the President’s office and knocked on the door. 
"Come in." A deep, cold, and magnetic voice came from inside. 
Even though he’s constantly with Ashton Heath and is so familiar with his voice, Cody’s ears suddenly become weak when he heard the slightly hoarse "come in." 
President Ashton’s voice... was too damn sexy. 
Even he, a man, felt somewhat seduced by it. 
Cody pushed open the office door and went in. 
"President Ashton, as you ordered..." Cody didn’t finish speaking. As he raised his head and saw the man sitting on the black leather chair with his upper body bare and wearing only a bath towel, Cody’s eyes went wide. 
President Ashton was actually only wearing a bath towel! 
And on those firm, sexy chest muscles, there were several red scratch marks. 
From the collarbone across the chest muscles, and then across the abdominal muscles... 
Those scratches, definitely left by a woman’s fingernails. 
Mr. Ashton’s skin is fair, making those red marks even more noticeable. Several crisscrossing scratch marks covered his chest, inspiring all sorts of imaginative thoughts. 
It looks like... the battle just now was indeed intense. 
Even now, Cody still finds it hard to accept this fact. 
President Ashton... actually did that kind of activity with Ms. Joanna in his own office. 
This was just too shocking. 
How could such a self-disciplined person like President Ashton... 
Cody stared dumbfounded for a few seconds before he felt an icy gaze upon him. Only then did he come back to his senses. 
Upon seeing Ashton Heath staring at him with a heavy gaze, he shuddered with fear, immediately averting his eyes.
###Chapter 515: Chapter 514: So, you agreed?
"President Ashton, the clothes have been bought." Cody Aberton lowered his head, even lower, a completely sullen and spineless look as if wishing to burrow into the ground to hide himself. 
"Mm." Ashton Heath lightly tapped his fingers on the table, "Put them down and leave." 
"Yes, sir." 
Cody hurriedly put the clothing bags on a nearby sofa. After setting them down, he turned and walked out. 
He didn’t glance at Ashton Heath again. 
Just as he reached the door. 
"Wait, come back." 
His body stiffened, and he slowly turned around: "President Ashton, do you have any other instructions?" 
"Cancel the engagement at noon and reschedule it for another time. Also, reserve a nice foreign cuisine restaurant." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
Even without his instructions, Cody knew that he wouldn’t meet clients today at noon. 
Ms. Joanna had arrived, so President Ashton would naturally want to accompany her. 
Ms. Joanna was much more important than any client or contract. 
"There’s one more thing." Ashton Heath squinted his deep eyes, sounding particularly manly with his hoarse and low voice, "Has the property transfer of Lawrence Villa been completed? Hand me the property deed." 
"President Ashton, about the Lawrence family..." Hearing him bring up this matter, Cody’s face changed slightly. 
"What?" Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed again, his tone a bit dangerous, "What’s taking so long, and you still haven’t settled this? When did your work abilities become so inferior?" 
"No, no, President Ashton..." 
Ashton Heath said it lightly, yet Cody felt fear in his heart. 
Being questioned about his work abilities by the Boss meant what? 
It was too frightening. 
He hurriedly explained: "Benjamin Lawrence had initially agreed to transfer the property to us, but when I went to complete the procedures this morning, he suddenly backed out. He said he would figure out a way to raise the money and asked us to give him another two days." 
"So, you agreed?" 
The man’s voice was still light, but Cody became more and more uneasy, his heartbeat jumping from 70 to 120: "He was insistent on not transferring the property, and we... we couldn’t do anything. After all, he... he is Ms. Joanna’s father." 
"We couldn’t use certain means against him." 
If it were someone else, Cody wouldn’t have any scruples. 
So long as he could achieve his goal, he wouldn’t hesitate to take whatever actions necessary, not fearing any disobedience from the other party. 
But Benjamin Lawrence was an exception. 
Even if Ms. Joanna had a strained relationship with her father, he was still her biological father. 
If they used the methods they usually employed against others on Benjamin, she would definitely not remain indifferent. 
If this matter ended up affecting President Ashton and Ms. Joanna’s relationship, that would be a great loss. 
President Ashton wanted the Villa to give Ms. Joanna a surprise. 
Ashton Heath didn’t say anything, and after a while, he said in a low voice: "In any case, the Villa must be transferred to Joanna. Since he’s still unwilling to sell, we can dangle more bait. The Lawrence family’s company is already just a shell, it can’t bring out any money. If he wants to raise money, he can only get it from his other daughter and the Su family, but those two might not be willing to give him the money." 
"Let him have a day, and when his hopes are dashed, he’ll be ready to sell the house in all honesty."
"Yes, President Ashton. I know what to do." 
"Oh, President Ashton..." 
Cody suddenly remembered something, and his expression seemed hesitant to speak. 
"If you have something to say, just say it." Ashton Heath looked impatiently, "If you don’t want to say it, then don’t."
###Chapter 516: Chapter 515: He is Ms. Joanna’s Ex-Boyfriend, David Benington
Cody Aberton: "..." 
With President Ashton’s temper being so explosive right now, he didn’t dare hesitate and immediately blurted out, "About the investigation you asked me to do yesterday, it’s clear now who sent Ms. Joanna the flowers. It’s... it’s..." 
Ashton Heath’s sharp gaze fell on Cody’s face, his voice dropping several degrees, "Who is it?" 
Under the icy stare and holding back a shiver, Cody Aberton stutteringly said, "It’s Ms. Joanna’s ex-boyfriend, David Benington." 
Barely after saying the name, it suddenly felt like the room temperature had dropped tens of degrees. 
It was like stepping straight from mid-summer to below-freezing winter. 
The cold gave Cody Aberton goosebumps all over his body. 
"Who did you say? Say it again." Ashton Heath’s face darkened considerably. 
Cody shivered again, "David, David Benington." 
He knew that President Ashton would react this way. 
If any other man pursued Ms. Joanna, President Ashton might not be so upset. 
However, this guy was David Benington. 
He had been childhood sweethearts with Ms. Joanna for ten years; he was her fiancé, a man who almost married her, but betrayed and hurt her instead. 
This man was currently dating Ms. Joanna’s stepsister. 
And yet he still sent flowers to Ms. Joanna, as if he wanted to pursue her again. 
How could President Ashton not be angry? 
Even he was furious when he first found out about the matter. 
This David was so despicable; he was simply the top-notch scum among men. 
No wonder how he had the face to do these things. 
Ashton Heath pressed his lips together and fell silent for a long time. 
Although he didn’t say a word, Cody Aberton could feel his overwhelming anger. 
The angrier President Ashton was, the less he spoke. 
This long silence showed how furious he must have been. 
That David Benington would surely have bad luck now. 
Initially, President Ashton couldn’t stand him, but since he hadn’t crossed his bottom line, Ashton figured it wasn’t worth dealing with him. 
But now, David dared to target Ms. Joanna; wasn’t that forcing President Ashton to clean him up? 
Sigh, was living not good enough? 
Had to go and seek death. 
"Alright, I know, you can leave now." After a long silence, Ashton Heath said calmly. 
Cody Aberton: "" 
Was President Ashton’s reaction a little off? 
Just letting him go like that? 
Shouldn’t he be told to investigate Benington Group’s operating situation, then choose a day to cause their bankruptcy? 
After all, David had now taken a fancy to his wife. 
President Ashton shouldn’t put up with this. 
In any case, causing Benington Group to go bankrupt should be quite easy. 
"Didn’t you hear?" Ashton Heath’s deep and dangerous half-lidded eyes gazed a Cody Aberton still standing there dumbstruck; his voice ice-cold, "Get out." 
The cold voice sent shivers down Cody Aberton’s spine; he didn’t dare to guess Ashton Heath’s thoughts any longer, immediately nodded, and swiftly headed out. 
The fast and urgent pace made him look as if someone was chasing after him. 
Once out of the office, Cody Aberton gently closed the door. 
At the moment the office door closed, Ashton Heath emotionlessly tossed the pen in his hand onto the table. 
The expensive pen cap, made of high-quality material, was already broken, showing just how much force the person holding it had used. 
"David Benington." 
Ashton Heath said the name in a deep voice, a glint of murderous coldness flashing through his eyes. 
* 
Hospital. 
Annie Lawrence had been asleep for a long time. 
When she woke up from her coma, she saw a teary-eyed Rose Liall sitting by her hospital bed.
###Chapter 517: Chapter 516: Never Mention This Matter Again
With Rose Liall, there was Benjamin Lawrence sitting by the bed. 
"Stop crying." 
Benjamin’s impatient voice rang out, "Isn’t there enough trouble in this family already? Your endless crying and whining is annoying."
Rose Liall raised her swollen eyes, looking heartbroken, "Benjamin Lawrence, do you still consider Annie your own daughter? After such an incident, you find my crying annoying, do you think I want to cry? Annie is still unconscious, aren’t you worried about her at all?" 
Benjamin frowned, his face showing little sadness, but rather impatience, "The doctor said she would definitely wake up today, and her body has no serious problem. What’s there for me to worry about? I have a lot of other troubles right now and can’t give her any attention." 
"Benjamin Lawrence, how can you talk like this? Are you still Annie’s biological father? In your eyes, is it only Joanna that cheap girl who is your daughter? Annie and I mean nothing to you." 
"Annie is your own daughter, that little wretch is just an orphan you brought back from the orphanage. You care more about an orphan than your own daughter, are you out of your mind?" 
"Shut up." Benjamin Lawrence’s face suddenly changed, his eyes looking terrifying, "How many times have I told you not to mention this ever again? And, whether Joanna is an orphan or not, in my heart, she is my own daughter." 
"Try insulting her again, and don’t think I wouldn’t hurt a woman." 
Rose Liall looked at his determined defense of Joanna, her face turning pale with anger, and she spoke without restraint, "Benjamin Lawrence, you are truly a loyal servant. Just three years in their house and you’re so devoted to them?" 
"Three years of master-servant ties are enough for you to willingly raise someone else’s child. It’s just that even with all your loyalty, your long-lost master wouldn’t know. Repaying gratitude is your business, but why should Annie and I have to indulge that wretch?" 
"You treat her well, better than your own daughter. But what about her? She brought a group of people to make a mess of our house before, did she ever care that you were her father? If she had even a little bit of consideration, would she have done such a thing?" 
"As soon as she left with that wild man, our business lost money the next day, and people demanded to use our villa as collateral for debts. Have you ever considered the possibility that the little wretch did all this? I don’t know which wild man she is with now, but she seems to be joining forces with him to fight against her own family." 
"If it weren’t for her, would Annie and David Benington have argued? If they hadn’t argued, poor Annie wouldn’t have miscarried. My poor little grandchild, who never got a chance to see the world, just disappeared like that." 
As Rose Liall spoke, tears streamed down her face again. 
On the hospital bed. 
When Annie Lawrence had just woken up, her head was still very painful, and her body was in pain, leaving her consciousness unclear. 
She heard some of Rose Liall and Benjamin Lawrence’s conversation, but not very clearly. 
It wasn’t until she heard the words "miscarriage" that her face suddenly changed, as if she had just awakened from a dream. 
She anxiously tried to sit up, but as soon as she moved, she felt an unbearable pain coming from her body. 
The pain forced her to lie back down immediately.
###Chapter 518: Chapter 517: What could be more important than her daughter?
Upon hearing the noise coming from behind her, Rose Liall immediately turned around and saw her pale-faced daughter lying in the hospital bed, awake. Rose’s face was filled with joyous relief, "Annie, you’re finally awake." 
Benjamin Lawrence also looked over at the bed, his expression more solemn. 
"Mom," Annie Lawrence held Rose’s hand in a tight grip, her voice tinged with emotion, "Who had a miscarriage? Who were you talking about just now, Dad?" 
Rose stiffened for a moment, her own face tensing up, "Annie, well..." 
Images from just before she fell unconscious filled her mind. 
Blood, so much blood, had flowed from beneath her. 
And then, she had lost consciousness. 
Annie’s already pale face became even more ghastly white in an instant, her lips trembling. In disbelief, she looked at Rose, "My child... Mom, did I lose my baby?" 
"Did I have a miscarriage, right?" 
Rose stared at her daughter’s state, unable to bring herself to reveal the truth. 
However, she knew that some things couldn’t be kept from her daughter. 
Despite her reluctance, she gathered her strength and nodded reluctantly. 
Annie’s eyes widened as the world before her went black, nearly fainting again. 
"I was pregnant?" She said shakily, unable to believe it, "Was I really pregnant?" 
She thought her pregnancy was fake. 
So why did she still have a miscarriage? 
Rose was puzzled by her daughter’s strange words, "Annie, what’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell somewhere? Didn’t you know about your pregnancy?"
Rose didn’t think too much of it, assuming Annie was just confused from such a traumatic experience, which left her speech somewhat unclear. 
With that thought in mind, her heart ached even more for her daughter. 
"Annie, don’t be too upset. Since this child has already been lost, it means that you two weren’t meant to be. You’re still young, and so is David. There will be plenty of opportunities for you to have children in the future." 
"Just focus on recovering right now, and you can have a child with David later." 
"David..." Annie seemed to remember something, looking around. Her expression became worse, "Mom, where’s David? Why isn’t he here?" 
"Well..." Rose hesitated, her own expression turning sour. "He’s not here. He said there was an urgent matter at the company that needed his personal attention. Once it’s resolved, he’ll come to the hospital to see you." 
Rose was unhappy with her future son-in-law’s behavior. 
What could be more important than her daughter? 
Her daughter had had a miscarriage, but he still didn’t take the time to be by her side! 
Moreover, Annie’s miscarriage was largely related to David. 
Rose had inquired about the matter and found out some bits and pieces of the truth. 
Although she was deeply frustrated, there was nothing she could do about it. 
The Lawrence family was on the decline— becoming more and more destitute. 
They couldn’t maintain their current status with just Annie’s earnings as an actress. 
But if her only daughter could marry into the Benington family, things would change. 
If Annie became the young lady of the Benington family, everything would be different for the Lawrences. 
The Benington family was a well-known wealthy family in Closia, with plenty of money and power. 
With the support of the Benington family, the Lawrence family wouldn’t fall so far behind. 
So, no matter how much Rose felt wronged for her daughter and held dissatisfaction towards David, she could not allow Annie to break up with him. 
Suppressing her resentment, she tried to console Annie, "Don’t be too upset. David has just taken over the Benington Group, so of course he’s going to be busy. It’s normal for him not to be able to make time in the short term."
###Chapter 519: Chapter 518: How could he be so merciless!
"He just left not long ago, actually. He’s been keeping you company in the hospital all this time," Rose Liall lied to her daughter, afraid that she would be too sad. 
In fact, David Benington hadn’t been to the hospital since the day he brought Annie Lawrence there. 
Rose had called him, and he simply said he was busy and would come when he had time. 
But could he truly be that busy? 
The Benington Group was not far from the hospital; even if he took an hour to come, it was possible. 
Did he not even have an hour to spare? 
In the end, he just didn’t want to come. 
Rose speculated that it was related to the quarrel they had that day, but she couldn’t ask questions now that Annie had woken up and had many doubts in her mind. 
"Mom, don’t lie to me anymore," Annie’s face was pale as she clenched her fists, gritting her teeth and saying with hatred, "He never came to the hospital at all, did he? He was only with me because of this child in the first place. Now that the child is gone, he wants to break up with me." 
Tears streamed down from her eyes: "How could he be so cruel? Mom, how could he be so cruel?" 
"If it weren’t for him, my child wouldn’t have been lost... " 
"What, you said he wants to break up with you?" 
Benjamin, who had been silent until now, suddenly changed his expression, getting a little anxious. "Annie, what’s going on? Did David suggest breaking up with you?" 
Rose’s expression also changed: "That’s right, Annie, did David bring up breaking up with you? I thought he really liked you and was going to marry you?" 
The husband and wife both hoped that Annie would marry into the Benington family as soon as possible to change the current situation of the Lawrence family. 
It could be said that David was the Lawrence family’s only hope for turning their luck around. 
If David broke up with Annie, how could the Lawrence family turn things around? 
Upon hearing that David wanted to break up with her, the couple became anxious. 
Having experienced a miscarriage and sensing that David might want to break up with her, Annie felt a mix of panic, anger, and sadness. She was hoping to find comfort and warmth from her family at this time. 
However, she didn’t expect her family to care more about whether David would break up with her than comforting and caring for her. 
They feared David would break up with her. 
In that case, the Lawrence family couldn’t rely on the Benington family anymore. 
In the face of their interests, their own daughter’s life and death seemed to be unimportant. 
Annie was shaking with anger as she threw off her mother’s hand, crying out loud, "Dad, Mom, my child is gone. It was David who made me lose your grandchild. Don’t you blame him?" 
"He treated your daughter like this; don’t you want to help me get justice?" 
"Annie, I believe David didn’t do it on purpose," Rose hurriedly defended David, afraid that her daughter would do something impulsive and irrational. "The child inside you was his own flesh and blood—tigers don’t even eat their young, so how could he truly mean to hurt his own child?" 
"He was willing to be with you for the sake of the child, which means that he valued the child." 
"Tell me what happened between you two. Who is right and who is wrong? I’ll help you analyze the situation." 
Annie’s eyes filled with tears of grievance, and she was about to open her mouth to speak. But as she thought back to the events that happened before she passed out, her open mouth slowly closed again. 
She couldn’t say it. 
If she spoke, she would be in the wrong. 
Moreover, David didn’t do it on purpose back then.
###Chapter 520: Chapter 519 She can’t break up with David Benington!
He didn’t know she really had a baby in her belly. 
Even she didn’t know... 
Initially, in order to climb up the social ladder, she deceived David Benington with a fake pregnancy. 
She thought that once she married David, she would somehow "miscarry" the child, but she had no idea that David would discover the truth before then. 
What surprised her even more was that her fake pregnancy turned into a real one. 
Her planned fake miscarriage became a real one. 
It can’t be said that Annie Lawrence had any deep affection for this unexpected child. 
After all, it was only then that she found out she was indeed pregnant. 
The child was still very small, only over two months, not even at the stage of feeling the baby move. 
So she didn’t have too deep feelings.
However, every woman can never really pretend as if a miscarriage never really happened. 
She was, more or less, a bit sad in her heart. 
What made her sadder and angrier was that David actually abandoned her in the hospital. 
Furthermore, she was very clear that the reason that David initially dated her and even decided to marry her was because she was pregnant. 
Now, the child was really gone. 
And he has this kind of attitude. 
Instantly, Annie Lawrence felt both extremely insecure and extremely scared. 
She reached where she is today thanks to Galaxy Agency’s substantial support. 
Galaxy Agency was willing to heavily support her because of her special relationship with David Benington. 
If David really broke up with her, would she still be the artist of Galaxy Agency? 
Could she still get any resources she wanted to? 
And without the position of the young lady of the Benington family, wouldn’t it be hard for her to ascend to the upper-class society? 
Would her friends and sisters be envious and jealous of her? 
At that time, she would only become a laughingstock in everyone’s eyes. 
Especially Joanna Lawrence! 
She could already imagine how Joanna would mock her, scorn her, and ridicule her. 
Just the thought of it, she felt like she was going crazy, she couldn’t bear it at all. 
No, she absolutely could not let herself fall into such a miserable state, becoming the laughingstock in everyone’s eyes. 
She couldn’t break up with David! 
"Annie, why are you silent? Tell Mom, what kind of conflict do you have?" Rose Liall asked anxiously, "It’s normal for couples to have fights, your dad and I also often argue. You can’t just decide to break up over a petty disagreement." 
"Where can you find a better man than David if you break up with him?" 
"Listen to Mom, a good man like David is hard to come by. You mustn’t be foolish and give up on such a good man." 
Thinking about the debt he owed, Benjamin added anxiously: "Your mom’s right, you absolutely can’t break up with him. I still need his help with something, what would I do if you two broke up?" 
"Besides, you are currently signed with his company. If you break up with him, would the company continue to elevate your career? At that point, not only would our Lawrence family lose the support of the Benington family, but even your career wouldn’t be able to progress." 
"Therefore, whether for your own sake or for the Lawrence family, you cannot break up with David." The benefits outweighed his affection for his daughter, only the benefits were visible in Benjamin’s eyes at this moment. His words were cold and ruthless, "Even if David was the one at fault, you still need to swallow your anger." 
"Annie, our current situation does not allow you to be willful. Do you understand?"
###Chapter 521: Chapter 520: Whose Daughter Is She After All!
"You must marry David Benington and become the young lady of the Benington family." 
"Dad." Annie Lawrence’s face turned pale as she looked at him, "Even if David caused my miscarriage and you lost your grandson, you won’t care?" 
Of course, Annie knew that she couldn’t break up with David. 
Before finding a better choice, David was undoubtedly the best one. 
There were indeed men in Closia whose conditions were better than David’s. 
The Luther, Parker, Heath, White, and Kelloway families were all more prestigious and distinguished than the Benington family. 
But she knew her worth. 
The young masters of these noble families were not ordinary, and they were not someone she could hook up with easily. 
Even if she could hook up with them, marrying into their family would be impossible. 
With her background and the Lawrence family’s current situation, being able to hook up with David was already lucky enough. 
Although she had become one of the A-list actresses now, she didn’t have many significant works, and her acting skills were not solid enough, which made her stay at the top quite precarious. 
Marrying into the Benington family would undoubtedly be the best solution at the moment. 
As for the noble families like the Luther and Parker, they would never allow a celebrity to marry into their families. 
To ordinary people, being a celebrity seemed dazzling and glamorous. 
But in the eyes of the top wealthy families, there was no difference between them and the actors of the old times. 
These prestigious families cared about their reputation the most. 
How could they allow their descendants to marry an actress and make themselves a laughingstock? 
So since the beginning, Annie focused only on pursuing David and didn’t challenge the impossible. 
That was her intelligence. 
But even if she had to maintain her current success, she couldn’t break up with David, hearing these cold words from her biological father still made her heart feel cold. 
"If Joanna Lawrence was the one lying here today, would you advise her the same way?" As she mentioned the name, hatred surged uncontrollably in Annie’s heart, distorting her facial expression, "I heard what you and Mom said just now. What is Joanna’s real background? Whose daughter is she? Dad, Mom just said she’s your master’s daughter, so is Joanna the well-bred lady of some prestigious family?" 
"She’s not even your biological daughter, and you still treat her so well. Is it because of her real background?" 
"Dad, tell me, who is her real parent!" 
Annie used to know only that Joanna and Jeremy Lawrence were both adopted by Benjamin from an orphanage. 
From the bottom of her heart, she looked down on Joanna. 
She never thought that Joanna’s birth parents might be highly distinguished people. 
How could that be?
Most children abandoned in orphanages were from impoverished families who couldn’t afford to raise them. 
Or they were disabled children. 
For wealthy families, raising any number of children would not be an issue; how could they send their own child to an orphanage? 
However, when she woke up earlier, she overheard a conversation between Benjamin and Rose Liall. 
From Rose’s words, it seemed that Benjamin knew Joanna’s real background. 
But Joanna was adopted from an orphanage, right? 
How could Benjamin know who her birth parents were? 
She had already lost to Joanna many times, and the only thing that made her feel superior was her better background than Joanna’s.
###Chapter 522: Chapter 521: No matter how much you heard, forget it immediately
No matter how miserable the Lawrence family was, she, Annie Lawrence, was still a hundred, a thousand times better than a wild child from an orphanage. 
But if Joanna’s real origins turned out to be better than hers, then she would lose the only place where she had an edge over her. 
How could she accept that? 
Benjamin looked at her distorted, hideous face, his expression suddenly changing, and his tone coldening as he warned, "This has nothing to do with you. No matter how much you’ve heard, forget it right now, and never mention it again." 
The more he defended Joanna, the more Annie hated and envied her. She clenched her teeth and spat resentfully, "Why can’t it be mentioned? Are her biological parents murderers? That’s why her real background is so disgraceful." 
"Shut up! She’s your sister, she’s our child. If I ever hear such nonsense again, I won’t let you off the hook." Benjamin’s anger flared up instantaneously. 
"Dad, you’re biased!" Annie roared with tears welling up in her eyes, "I’m the one who’s your real daughter. What’s so good about Joanna? Why do you treat that wild girl who has no blood ties to you better than me? Why?!" 
Hearing the words "wild girl," the veins in Benjamin’s forehead bulged. He raised his hand, wanting to slap her face, but when his gaze fell on her pale face, he remembered that she was still ill. 
He took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing his anger, and retracted his hand. Gritting his teeth, he said, "That’s your sister, not some wild girl. You dare ask me why? If it weren’t for your shameless snatching of David, would Joanna have broken up with him?" 
"If she hadn’t broken up with David, she would have married into the Benington family. David’s parents have always been satisfied with her and had acknowledged her as their daughter-in-law quite early on. But now, with what has happened, David may have other thoughts, and his parents are even more reluctant to accept you."
"If he really breaks up with you, you better be prepared to cry." 
The more Benjamin spoke, the more frustrated he became, his chest heaving violently as his anger intensified. 
"It’s because David doesn’t like her anymore. What does that have to do with me?" Annie’s eyes were also red with anger, as she murmured defiantly, "It’s her lack of ability that she can’t even hold onto a man. Why blame me? If David really loved her and had her in his heart, no one else would have a chance to snatch him away." 
Benjamin’s finger was trembling as he pointed at her, furious beyond words, "You shameless! You actually think you’re in the right!" 
Annie, tears streaming down her face, sneered without conceding, "I’m just stating the facts. If it weren’t for me, other women would have come sooner or later. By being with David, at least we can keep things within the family and help out the Lawrence family." 
"Dad, since you think I’m shameless and have wronged Joanna, why don’t you let me break up with David? After all the talk, you’re still afraid that if I break up with him, the Lawrence family will be completely ruined. From this perspective, Joanna is not that important in your heart and can’t compare to your own interests." 
"You..." 
"Stop fighting, both of you." Rose Liall, heartbroken for her daughter, pulled Annie into her embrace and looked at Benjamin with a pitiful expression, "Sir Darren, Annie just woke up from unconsciousness, and she was just pregnant. Can’t you just show some compassion for your daughter and say less?"
###Chapter 523: Chapter 522: Better off Asking Joanna Lawrence
"Anyway, Annie is already with David. She’s right, if David’s heart isn’t with Joanna, he might end up looking for another woman sooner or later. His choice to be with Annie is at least beneficial to the Lawrence family." 
"Annie, don’t say too much." 
After advising her husband, Rose Liall gently spoke to her daughter, "Your dad is going through a tough time, so he might speak harshly. He’s still your father, so don’t take it too seriously. Annie, you’ve been unconscious for a day and a night, so you might not know that our family is facing some troubles now." 
"Several of your dad’s previous investments have gone wrong, and the money can’t be recovered. The projects are now stalled. We urgently need to invest more money to restart the projects, or the losses would be huge if they all fail." 
"At this critical moment, you absolutely cannot break up with David Benington." 
"Right now, he’s the only one who can help our Lawrence family." 
"You don’t know, but your dad is already preparing to sell the house. But if we sell the house, where will we live in the future? Besides, even if we sell the house, the money wouldn’t be enough." Rose Liall wiped away her tears as she spoke. 
Annie Lawrence was stunned and her face changed, "Sell the house?" 
"Yes," Rose Liall said sadly, "Where else can we get so much money so quickly? We need several hundred million dollars, which you can’t provide." 
Several hundred million dollars?
Annie Lawrence’s face turned pale: "Mom, are you suggesting I borrow several hundred million dollars from David?" 
This amount of money wouldn’t be a big issue for the Benington family. 
However, based on Annie’s understanding of David, he might not be willing to lend the money. 
He might not have lent it before, and it’s even harder to say now. 
David isn’t a stingy man; he had often bought her expensive gifts in the past. 
But those expensive gifts paled in comparison to several hundred million dollars. 
Rose Liall nodded: "He’s the only one who can help the Lawrence family now. He’s always been generous to you, and he should take responsibility for this incident. He must be feeling guilty now, so if you ask him, he won’t refuse." 
Without thinking, Annie refused: "Mom, I’m sorry, but I can’t help." 
She could already sense that David wanted to break up with her. 
If she asked for money at this juncture, David might want to get away from her even sooner. 
She absolutely couldn’t... let David know about the Lawrence family’s current situation. 
"What?" Benjamin’s face darkened in anger, not expecting her to refuse. He shouted, "What do you mean, you won’t help?" 
Annie Lawrence calmly said, "Dad, it’s not that I don’t want to help, but I can’t. You saw David’s attitude. If I hadn’t lost the baby, maybe there would be hope, but now..." 
She scoffed, "He wants to dump your daughter, do you really think he’d be willing to give hundreds of millions to help the Lawrence family?" 
Benjamin hesitated before he heard Annie continue, "Instead of asking me, you might as well ask Joanna. The man she’s with now is not simple, I think he could easily afford several hundred million dollars. Dad, you’ve supported her all these years, it’s time for her to repay you for raising her." 
Rose Liall blinked and immediately chimed in, "Sir Darren, Annie is right. We met that man last time. He seemed very wealthy and highly valued Joanna. You’ve always been so good to Joanna. If you ask her, she definitely won’t refuse."
###Chapter 524: Chapter 523: In fact, she has never stayed at the orphanage.
Joanna Lawrence? 
Benjamin frowned slightly, rejecting the idea without hesitation: "No, she can’t possibly come up with that much money." 
Annie Lawrence was about to explode. 
Just earlier, Benjamin had suggested she borrow money from David Benington. 
But when it came to Joanna, suddenly there was no money. 
She scoffed coldly: "It appears we have no choice but to sell the house." 
Rose Liall immediately changed her expression: "Sir Darren, we can’t sell the house. Where will we live if we sell it? Please go and beg Joanna. You’ve always doted on her, she can’t possibly stand by and do nothing." 
Benjamin fell silent for a long time, and without saying a word, he turned around: "I’ll think about it." 
After leaving these words, he left the hospital room. 
No sooner had Benjamin left than Annie Lawrence clenched Rose Liall’s hand and asked through gritted teeth: "Mom, what on earth were you and Dad talking about earlier? Is Joanna... isn’t she a child from the orphanage?" 
Upon hearing her question, Rose Liall became instantly nervous. She stood up and closed the door of the hospital room. 
She then returned to the bed, lowered her voice, and said: "Keep your voice down, don’t let your dad hear." 
"I don’t know the details either. It is said that she is from the orphanage, but in reality, she never lived there." 
"What?!" Annie exclaimed, "She never lived in the orphanage? Then why would Dad..." 
"It was just to hide some secrets." 
Annie clenched her fingers, her heart suddenly pounding very fast: "What secrets?" 
However, Rose Liall just shook her head: "Your dad kept them well hidden. Even I don’t know many of the details. Years ago, he worked for someone, who was good to your father and even saved his life. Later, his boss got into some trouble and had to flee. Before leaving the country, he entrusted a child to your father." 
"That child... is it Joanna Lawrence?" Annie became unconsciously tense, and her breathing slowed down. 
"Yes," Rose nodded, "It’s her." 
"How could this be..." Annie seemed to have difficulty accepting it, "So does that mean, Jeremy Lawrence wasn’t adopted from an orphanage either?" 
"Jeremy was." Rose frowned, "Your father always favored boys and thought less of girls. He adopted Jeremy to carry on the Lawrence family lineage." 
"Have Joanna’s biological parents never come to look for her then?" For some reason, Annie had a vague premonition that Joanna’s identity might be extraordinary, just this thought made her feel especially uncomfortable. 
"They probably haven’t." Rose looked indifferent, "They must have encountered a serious issue to have fled the country. Perhaps, they never managed to escape the trouble. Otherwise, they wouldn’t dump their own daughter and not care about her for decades." 
Couldn’t escape? 
That might mean they were dead. 
Thinking about this possibility, Annie’s heart leaped with a secret joy, and she felt much better. 
Even if Joanna’s biological parents were some big shots, what of it? 
They were dead already, and she was just an orphan girl now. 
A smile finally appeared on her face, and she felt a sense of relief. 
Rose Liall knew nothing of her thoughts. She was only worried about what was happening between Annie and David. Holding Annie’s hand hesitantly, she said: "Annie, what’s actually going on between you and David? Is he really trying to break up with you?"
###Chapter 525: Chapter 524: He Wishes
As soon as David Benington’s name was mentioned, the slight smile on Annie Lawrence’s face instantly vanished. 
Rose Liall carefully observed her change in expression and gently said, "Annie, I know you’ve been wronged. But you also know the current situation at home. If you break up with David, it will be very difficult for you to find another man of his caliber." 
"You need to think carefully." 
"Mom, it’s not that I want to break up with him." Annie clenched her teeth, her eyes welling up with tears as she angrily said, "He’s the one who wants to break up with me. He still has feelings for that little bitch Joanna Lawrence, and now he can’t wait to break up with me so he can make up with her as soon as possible." 
Rose Liall was shocked and her face turned ugly. "Didn’t that little bitch cling to some scumbag? Doesn’t David know?" 
"He knows." Speaking of this, Annie became even angrier. "But he thinks Joanna was forced and wants to rescue her from her misery." 
"What can we do about this?" Rose Liall panicked. "You’re now signed with his company. If you break up, then you..." 
"Mom, can you please stop talking?" Annie, feeling irritated, lay back down on the bed and snapped at her, "I’m already troubled enough. Please leave. I want to be alone for a while." 
"Annie..." 
Annie pulled the covers over her head, refusing to engage in any further conversation. 
Rose Liall stood by the bed for a moment and then, feeling helpless, left the room. 
After she left, Annie took out her phone and called David. The phone rang for a long time, but no one answered. 
Her face darkened as she hung up, quickly dialing his number again. Still, no one answered. 
With a "bang", Annie, frustrated, smashed her phone onto the ground. 
So David really wanted to break up with her? 
Did he wish for them to break up immediately, so he could go find that little bitch Joanna? 
He must be dreaming. 
She would not break up with him so easily. 
Never! 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence woke up, she saw a set of newly bought clothes lying by the bed. 
In the clothes bag, there was also a small note stating that the underwear had been sterilized and washed, and she could wear them with peace of mind. 
Joanna smiled after reading the note, thinking that Cody Aberton was quite thoughtful. 
She carried the clothes bag into the bathroom, got herself cleaned, and put them on. 
The neckline of the dress Cody bought was a bit low. 
After putting it on, Joanna stood in front of the mirror and saw that the marks on her neck and chest were particularly noticeable. 
They were all red hickeys. 
Densely packed, they looked somewhat frightening. 
These marks were from when Ashton Heath, in the throes of passion, couldn’t control himself and left them on her body. 
At the time, he kissed her while passionately calling her ’baby.’ 
He didn’t kiss her too hard, but as Joanna had delicate skin, even a gentle suck left a significant mark on her body. 
Looking at these numerous hickeys, Joanna furrowed her delicate eyebrows and arranged her hair to cover most of the marks on the front part of her chest. 
Only when the marks were less noticeable did she leave the resting room. 
She saw Ashton Heath sitting at the black solid wood desk, the slim-fit silvery-grey shirt accentuating his perfect figure, and a slightly open neckline revealing a sexy collarbone. 
His long, slender, and rather extraordinary legs were elegantly crossed. 
Resting his head on one hand, leaning slightly to the side, he was absorbed in reading a document.
###Chapter 526: Chapter 525: Mom, it’s not that I want to break up with him.
As soon as David was mentioned, the slight smile that had appeared on Annie Lawrence’s face vanished instantly. 
Rose Liall observed her expression and cautiously said, "Annie, I know you’re wronged. But you know what our family situation is like now. If you break up with David, it will be difficult for you to find a man with his qualities in the future." 
"You have to think it through." 
"Mom, it’s not that I want to break up with him." Annie clenched her teeth, her eyes red, and said angrily, "He wants to break up with me. He still has feelings for that bitch Joanna, and now he can’t wait to break up with me and reconcile with that bitch." 
Rose was shocked and her face turned ugly. "Doesn’t David know?" 
"He knows." Speaking of this, Annie became angrier. "But he thinks Joanna was forced and wants to save her from her miserable life." 
"What should we do then?" Rose became anxious. "You’re currently signed to his company, if you break up, what will happen to you..." 
"Mom, can you stop talking?" Annie lay back on the bed with an annoyed expression, her tone extremely impolite. "I’m bothered enough, please just leave me alone." 
"Annie..." 
Annie directly pulled the quilt over her head, refusing any further communication. 
Rose stood by the bed for a while and finally left helplessly. 
Once she had left, Annie took out her mobile phone and called David. It rang for a long time, but nobody answered. 
Her face darkened as she hung up, and she quickly called again. Still, there was no answer. 
With a "bang", Annie threw her phone angrily on the floor. 
So, David really wanted to break up with her? 
Did he wish to break up with her as soon as possible so that he could find that bitch Joanna? 
Wishful thinking. 
She wouldn’t break up with him so easily. 
Never! 
* 
When Joanna woke up, she saw a new set of clothes by the bedside. 
Holding the clothes in hand, she went into the bathroom, washed up, changed, and walked out of the rest room. 
Ashton Heath was sitting at his black solid wood desk. His slim-fitting silver-gray shirt accentuating his perfectly sculpted figure, his long legs elegantly crossed. 
He rested his head on one hand, leaning against it as he focused on the document in his other hand. 
He was so absorbed that he didn’t notice Joanna approaching him. 
Joanna remained silent, standing quietly beside him, gazing at his face. 
She looked down to see his perfect profile, his full forehead, proud nose, and slightly upturned thin lips. 
The sunlight penetrated through the dark curtains, casting a soft glow on his handsome face. 
It seemed to add a layer of pale golden light to his striking features. 
Joanna had always known that Ashton Heath was very handsome. 
He was the most handsome man she had ever seen in her life. 
As soon as they met for the first time, she was shocked by his extraordinary appearance. 
Sometimes, she would secretly delight in thinking that being able to marry Ashton Heath was as if she had found a treasure fallen from the sky. 
This man had an excellent background, good looks, a good figure, strong earning power, and treated her with deep affection, pampering her like a princess. 
A husband like him was hard to find even with a lantern. 
Just to meet him, she felt truly blessed by God. 
Watching him at this moment, she still felt the same. 
Astonishing, as breathtaking as their first encounter. 
Joanna continued to stare at him in fascination for a moment, when the man engrossed in the document suddenly looked up, his gaze meeting hers directly. 
"Baby, you’re awake. Did you sleep well?" 
Seeing her, the man immediately put down the file in his hand, reached out his long arm, and pulled her into his embrace. 
"Are your legs still sore?" He took off her shoes and his other hand gently pressed the sorer part. 
His voice was gentle and soft, "Let me rub them for you." 
His slender fingers were strong that were usually used to sign contracts and make ten thousand dollars a day. He rubbed her legs with just the right amount of pressure, neither too heavy nor too light. 
After a few minutes, Joanna felt the soreness easing. 
As Ashton rubbed her legs, he asked her, "Is the pressure too much?" 
Joanna looked down at his dark hair and his kneeling posture as he massaged her, and a wave of sweetness washed over her, softening a part of her heart. 
Her lips curled gently, her voice sweet, "No, it’s perfect." 
"Do you feel better?" 
"Yes." Joanna pursed her lips, feeling an urge to reach out and touch his hair. 
As she thought this, her body soon followed, her soft white hand reaching out to touch his short, glossy black hair. 
The man massaging her suddenly stiffened. 
As Joanna felt the silky texture of his hair on her fingertips, she too froze. 
"Sorry." She immediately withdrew her hand, thinking he might mind. 
She knew some men hated having their hair touched. 
There was an old saying that one’s head could be broken but not one’s hairstyle messed. 
Ashton appeared stunned for a few seconds before regaining his composure and continued to massage her other leg with a gentle smile. "I don’t mind." 
Hearing him say he didn’t mind, Joanna’s hand started itching again. 
Ashton’s hair was of an exceptionally good quality, the type that could be in a shampoo advertisement without needing special effects. 
She reached out her hand again, lightly touching the soft tips of his hair, her voice tender, "Ashton, have you ever massaged someone else before?" 
She felt that he was very skilled in massaging. 
It didn’t seem like his first time doing it for someone. 
Ashton nodded as he knelt in front of her, gently massaging the soft flesh of her leg with a softened expression. "When I was living at home, I used to massage my grandma’s legs. How’s my massage technique?" 
Joanna suddenly understood. 
She had been to the Heath family’s house once and knew that Madam Heath had leg issues. 
"How did Grandma’s legs..." Joanna glanced down at Ashton’s dark hair and hesitated, asking softly, "How did they get so bad? Will she always be like this?"
###Chapter 527: Chapter 526: Come here, let me hug you.
Joanna Lawrence sat on his lap. 
As Ashton Heath’s mind began to entertain certain thoughts, she immediately sensed it. 
Instantly, like a startled little rabbit, her face revealed a panic-stricken expression. She pushed him and jumped off him right away. 
She then retreated several steps backward and, keeping some distance between them, looked at him with a guarded expression. 
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows in amusement, "Baby, what’s wrong with you?" 
Joanna didn’t say a word, only lowering her gaze to a certain part of his body. 
Under his black dress pants, there was an obvious change. 
Joanna glanced at it, bit her lip, and silently cursed "beast" in her heart. 
After tormenting her so badly, he could still... 
He was undoubtedly a complete beast! 
Ashton Heath also looked down following her gaze and then a mocking smile crept into his eyes. 
His thin lips curved gently, eyes half-lidded, he swiveled on his black leather chair to face her. In a languid posture, he gestured to her with his finger, "Baby, come here and give me a hug." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at him guardedly and shook her head, "No." 
She didn’t want to go over to him. 
She was afraid of him. 
Ashton Heath laughed, his eyes a bit wicked, and his voice deep, "Are you afraid of me? Baby, what are you afraid of? It’s not like I’d eat you up." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She indeed feared that he would devour her. 
He was like a hungry wolf that devoured people without even leaving their bones. 
"Not coming over?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, a faint smile lingering at the corner of his lips. His indulgent gaze lingered on her for a moment before he got up and walked towards her, "Alright, then I’ll just have to come over there." 
As Joanna saw him approaching, it was as if a little sheep saw the big bad wolf. Terrified, she turned around and tried to run out of the office. 
Before she could take a step, she was caught around the waist. 
"You little thing, where do you think you’re going?" Her petite body seemed as light as a feather, and he easily lifted her up in a princess carry. 
Ignoring her struggle and resistance, he held her and walked over to the sofa, bending down to gently place her on it. 
She had just been tormented on that sofa earlier. 
Joanna now had something of a phobia about that place. 
As soon as Ashton Heath placed her on the sofa, she immediately tried to get up and jump off. 
"Are you that scared of me?" Ashton Heath couldn’t help but laugh at her. Somewhat amused and exasperated, he pressed down on her little body while his other hand rested on her head, rubbing it like petting a kitten or puppy, "Don’t worry, I’m not that much of a beast. I know you’re still uncomfortable, so I won’t touch you today." 
"So, you don’t have to avoid me like this." 
Ashton Heath thought to himself, if he really wanted to, could she escape? 
Although he was a beast, he hadn’t reached the point of completely disregarding her physical condition. 
For now, he might have those thoughts, but they were just thoughts. 
He knew that she must still be feeling uncomfortable after being tormented several times before. 
How could he possibly satisfy his own desires, completely disregarding her well-being? 
Only after hearing his words did Joanna calm down, no longer struggling. 
However, her eyes were still guarded, and she did not fully trust him. Biting her lip, she asked half-incredulously, "Really? You won’t touch me again today?" 
"Mhm." Ashton Heath crouched down and lifted one of her legs. 
Joanna’s body stiffened, and she immediately asked guardedly, "What are you doing?"
###Chapter 528: Chapter 527: Let me press it for you
Ashton Heath: "..." 
What kind of feeling was it to be guarded against by his own wife as if he were a thief? 
Hadn’t he performed well enough during their previous two encounters, or was she simply not satisfied enough? 
Otherwise, why would she resist him to this extent? 
But he had deliberately observed at that time, and she seemed to be satisfied. 
"Do your legs still feel sore?" Ashton Heath temporarily set aside this question, took off her shoes, placed her legs on his own, and with his other hand, gently pressed on the sorest part of her leg. 
His voice was gentle and low, "Let me give you a massage." 
The man’s fingers were long and powerful, usually used for signing contracts and documents to earn ten thousand dollars a day. Now they were massaging her, with just the right amount of pressure, neither too heavy nor too light. 
After a few minutes of massage, Joanna Lawrence felt the soreness in her legs had eased a lot. 
As Ashton massaged her, he asked, "Is the pressure too strong?" 
Joanna lowered her eyes and looked at the top of his dark head, as well as his posture of kneeling on one knee to massage her. A wave of warmth and sweetness filled her heart, softening the depths of her soul. 
Her lips lifted slightly, her voice sweet, "It’s perfect." 
"Do you feel a bit more comfortable?" 
"Mm-hmm." Joanna pursed her lips, feeling an urge to touch his hair. 
As she thought it, her body quickly followed the impulse. Her tender and soft little hand reached out and touched his shiny and black short hair. 
The man massaging her stiffened for a moment. 
Joanna, sensing the silkiness of his hair, was also taken aback. 
"I’m sorry." She immediately withdrew her hand, thinking he disliked it. 
She knew that some men hated having their heads touched. 
There was a saying: One can cut the head, but never mess up the hairstyle. 
"I don’t mind." Ashton paused for a few seconds before returning to normal, continuing to massage her other leg, his deep voice containing a gentle smile, "You can touch it if you want." 
As soon as Joanna heard him say he didn’t mind, her claws got a little itchy again. 
Ashton Heath’s hair was of great quality - the kind that didn’t need any special effects when shooting a shampoo commercial. 
She had just touched it and found the feel of it to be quite exquisite. 
If he didn’t mind, she would like to feel it a bit more... 
Ashton Heath chuckled softly, "You can touch any part of me. Touch as much as you want, and for as long as you want." 
Joanna: "..." 
Her little face suddenly blushed red. 
Why did she feel that this statement from Ashton Heath had a double meaning? 
Was it because her thoughts were too impure? 
She couldn’t help but feel like it was a bit suggestive. 
Nevertheless, since he didn’t mind, she wouldn’t be polite either. 
Joanna’s tender and soft little hand reached out again, landing on the top of his head, gently touching his soft hair ends, her voice soft and sweet, "Ashton Heath, have you massaged others before?" 
He seemed to have a good grasp on the pressure needed for a massage. 
It didn’t seem like this was his first time massaging someone. 
"Mm-hmm." Ashton Heath knelt in front of her, kneading the soft flesh on her leg, his handsome face revealing a gentle expression, "I used to massage Grandma’s legs back at home. How is my massage technique?" 
Joanna immediately understood. 
She had been to the Heath family residence once before, and naturally knew that Madam Heath had some issues with her legs. 
"Grandma’s legs..." Joanna glanced at the top of his black head, hesitated for a moment, and asked softly, "How did she get like that? Will she be like that forever?"
###Chapter 529: Chapter 528: Do His Brothers Know He’s Such A Hooligan?
Although Madam Heath can walk on her own now, 
it’s still strenuous without someone assisting her. 
No matter what, she can’t be like normal people anymore. 
"Years ago, she injured her leg and as she aged, her leg got worse. Her leg won’t heal completely, but it doesn’t matter. With so many people at the Heath Villa looking after her, it doesn’t affect her too much." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, watching the man squatting in front of her, patiently massaging her leg. Not once did he show impatience, warming her heart with sweetness. 
This proud and noble man, at this moment, is merely a normal husband who deeply loves his wife. 
He’s willing to give up his prominent status, treating her as his equal. In their world, he’s not the young master of the prestigious Heath family, nor the CEO of the top-ranking Heath Group. 
He’s simply a man named Ashton Heath, her husband, Joanna’s. 
Perhaps this might seem nothing special for ordinary people. 
But for people born into their kind of lifestyle, it’s extremely rare. 
Children from wealthy families are born with a sense of superiority - how many of them would interact with others as equals unless they’re part of the same social circle? 
The greater the distinguishable wealth and nobility, the clearer the class distinction. 
It’s not just about not wanting to mingle with ordinary people. 
Even among those in the upper-class social circle, there are still different levels of superiority. 
Take the Benington family for example. While they’re considered a notable family by ordinary standards, 
they’re nothing compared to the Heath, Luther, Parker, and White families. They don’t even qualify to be mentioned in the same breath. 
And Ashton Heath is from none other than the Heath family, which ranks first amongst these prestigious families. 
Born a heaven’s prince, his status is unspeakably valuable. 
Others have always had to accommodate him, to pamper him, to take his will as the priority. 
Why would he need to lower his status to accommodate anyone else? 
No one can force him to do so. 
Unless, it’s by his own will. 
If he’s willing to lower his status for someone, to accommodate and pamper them, that person must be of greater importance to him than his own life. 
"Ashton..." Joanna sounded sweet and mellow, her eyes filled with affection as she called his name. 
"Hmm?" 
Feeling her affection, Ashton raised his head, his handsome features alluring to the extreme. 
Joanna’s heart skipped several beats when she met his deep gaze. 
Staring at his overly handsome face, she bit her lip, took a deep breath to calm her racing heart, and asked softly, "Aren’t you tired after massaging for so long?" 
"What, feeling sorry for me? Baby, didn’t you experience my stamina a few hours ago?" 
He winked, his smile enchanting. 
Joanna: "..." 
Alright. 
She watched his mischievous smirk, her earlier affection immediately vanishing. 
Blushing at the hidden meaning of his words, she glared at him, "Can’t you be serious for once?" 
Telling dirty jokes at any given time. 
Do his subordinates know their boss is such a light-hearted person? 
Do his friends know he’s such a playful hooligan? 
Probably not, they don’t have any
###Chapter 530: Chapter 528: You Still Need to Train More
This man, as aloof as he could be when out and about. 
Always putting on a flower on the top of the peak posture, his whole body was written with the words "Strangers Keep Away", making people feel that he was very difficult to approach, and they dared not to easily approach him. 
He would only act like a hooligan in front of her. 
And he would only be this unprincipled in front of her. 
If she told others that the true side of Ashton Heath was a hooligan lustful, probably no one would believe it. 
"Serious?" Ashton Heath chuckled, "I’m usually very serious. But what should I do when I see you and can’t be serious anymore?" 
"..." 
"Baby, if you want me to be more serious, there’s only one possible situation." 
"What situation?" Even though she knew that the words from this man’s mouth probably were not what she wanted to hear, Joanna couldn’t help but ask. 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips, and the hand on her leg suddenly hooked her waist. As he got up, he brought her into his arms and sat her on the couch. 
Joanna sat on his lap like a child, being pinched by his chin and kissed heavily. 
The man bit her lip and said in a hoarse voice, "When you let me have my fill one day, I’ll be serious for you." 
Joanna: "..." 
Hadn’t he had enough today? 
Ashton Heath rubbed lightly against her lips, as if seeing what she was thinking, the laughter low and sexy: "Do you think that two times could satisfy your husband? Today, I let you go because you were feeling unwell." 
"You are too weak to completely satisfy me. Baby, you have to exercise more, otherwise, how can you withstand me in the future." 
Aria Rowlett was right. 
The body of his little baby in this house was a bit weak and could not stand his few tosses. 
One or two times, and she would cry and not let him touch her. 
This was a lack of exercise. 
In the future, he had to take her out for more sports activities. 
With a "bang," Joanna’s face seemed to burn, and her delicate little face flushed with a layer of gorgeous crimson. 
This damn man, did he not know what it was like to be tired? 
He had such a good physical strength. 
She was still sore and aching all over her body, but he looked like nothing had happened. 
The energy was still so abundant. 
And even... wanting to bully her again! 
"Ashton Heath, don’t even think about it!" Joanna bit her lip, stared at him with a red face, looking very cute and fierce, "You’re not allowed to touch me for a few days." 
She was afraid. 
This man was like an insatiable beast, who had no restraint when it came to that kind of moment. 
He looked like he hated not being able to eat her up completely, even the bones and residue, which was terrifying. 
While bullying her, he still talked about wanting to die on her and so forth. 
Her ears were burning from listening. 
At that time, Ashton Heath was not the same Ashton Heath she had usually known. 
It was as if he had changed into another person. 
In short, after experiencing first-hand how vigorous Ashton Heath was at those moments, Joanna was genuinely afraid of him. 
"Fine, I won’t touch you." Ashton Heath reached out and stroked her head, looking very accommodating, and agreed without any hesitation. 
No matter what she said, he would agree first. 
As for whether he could do it or not, of course, that was another matter. 
In his work, he had always been a man of his word. 
He would always fulfill his promises. 
But when it comes to his woman... 
Sometimes, he didn’t mind being a little bit scoundrel.
###Chapter 531: Chapter 530: Why is He Always the One Getting Hurt?
If he were to keep his promise with her, his life would be miserable from now on. 
He could promise her anything, but not touching her... that, he couldn’t do. 
"Alright, don’t worry about me." Joanna Lawrence knew he was busy with work and had a lot on his plate, so she told him understandingly, "Go ahead and work, you don’t need to massage me anymore." 
She held onto Ashton Heath’s hand, still massaging her thigh. 
After a while, the discomfort she felt had eased quite a bit. 
"Knock knock knock".
At this moment, a knock on the door was heard, along with Cody Aberton’s voice, "President Ashton." 
"Come in." 
Ashton Heath combed through Joanna’s soft, black hair with his fingers while holding her small hand with his other hand, gently pinching her tender palm. 
When Cody Aberton walked into the office, he saw this scene. 
The always diligent President Ashton who had a reputation for not giving in to distractions during work hours was not at his desk, focused on his tasks. Instead, he was sitting on the couch cuddling with Ms. Joanna in a clingy manner. 
The moment Cody Aberton entered the office, he saw President Ashton bending down and kissing Ms. Joanna. 
Ms. Joanna probably felt shy, so she blushed and pushed him away. 
President Ashton then caught her small hand and kissed it again. 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
Why was it always him who got hurt? 
Couldn’t they be considerate of his feelings as a single man? 
Joanna felt embarrassed to behave so affectionately in front of Cody Aberton. 
So, she tried to push Ashton Heath away. 
But the man wouldn’t let her leave, his arm tightly wrapped around her waist, holding her captive in his embrace. 
"What’s the matter?" Ashton Heath held his warm and soft sweetheart in his arms, giving Cody Aberton an unfriendly look. 
It seemed to say: if this is not something extremely important, he’s a dead man. 
Upon catching his gaze, Cody Aberton shivered and quickly said, "President Ashton, Mr. Southey from Aussie Group is here, waiting for you in the Reception Room." 
"Mr. Southey?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow and nodded, "Alright, I got it. Have someone attend to him. I’ll be there shortly." 
"Yes, sir." 
As soon as Cody Aberton finished speaking, he turned and hastily left the office. 
After all, his dog’s life was at stake. 
Ashton Heath looked down at the girl in his arms and gently said, "Baby, I have to leave for a bit. When I return, we’ll go out for dinner, alright?" 
"Okay, go ahead." Joanna nodded and obediently agreed. 
She wouldn’t dare delay his work since a man like Ashton Heath valued his time like gold, and she couldn’t afford to waste it. 
Her well-behaved appearance made Ashton Heath extremely fond of her, his chest filled with tender emotions. He couldn’t help but pinch her chin and steal a kiss. 
By the time he left the office, ten minutes had already passed. 
He left with a satisfied look on his face. 
On the couch, Joanna’s eyes were hazy, her lips swollen, gasping for breath after his passionate kisses. 
* 
Lunch was arranged at a restaurant with a wonderful atmosphere, which seemed to be perfect for a date. 
After lunch, since Joanna still had to ask for leave from school, Ashton Heath asked Zack to drive her there first. 
When they were about to arrive at the school, Joanna saw a pharmacy across the street and suddenly remembered something. 
She asked Zack to pull over. 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows furrowed slightly. He looked outside the car window and asked in confusion, "Why are we stopping here? We haven’t reached your school yet, have we?"
###Chapter 532: Chapter 531: I Don’t Want to Get Pregnant So Early
This man, the colder he tries to appear in public, the colder he becomes. 
Whenever he’s dealing with people, he always has this unapproachable air about him, as if he’s a flower on the top of the peak with big, bold "no trespassing" signs covering his entire body, making it difficult and intimidating to approach him. 
But in front of her... 
It’s as if he becomes a totally different person. 
"Alright, stop worrying about me." Joanna Lawrence knew he was busy with work, so she said understandingly, "Go ahead and work, you don’t have to keep massaging me." 
"Knock knock knock." 
At that moment, there was a knock on the door, along with Cody Aberton’s voice: "President Ashton." 
"Come in." 
Ashton Heath combed his fingers through Joanna’s black and soft hair with one hand and held her small hand with the other. 
When Cody entered the office, he was greeted with the sight of such a heart-wrenching scene. 
Ashton, who was always very serious about work and fully committed to it, was not focusing on his work as Cody had thought but rather sitting on the sofa with an intimate posture, holding Ms. Joanna. 
The moment Cody stepped into the office, he even saw Ashton lean down to give her a kiss. 
Seemingly shy, Joanna blushed and pushed him away slightly. 
Cody: "..." 
Why was it that he always seemed to get the short end of the stick? 
Couldn’t they show some love and consideration for him, the single man, and think about how he might feel at this moment? 
"What is it?" Ashton looked at Cody with displeasure. 
It was as if he was saying: he would be dead if it’s not something really important. 
Feeling the weight of his gaze, Cody shuddered and quickly said: "President Ashton, Mr. Southey from Aussie Group is here and waiting for you in the Reception Room." 
"Mr. Southey?" Ashton raised an eyebrow and nodded, "Alright, I understand. Have someone entertain him for a while, I’ll be there in a moment." 
"Yes, sir." 
Having said that, Cody immediately turned and strode out of the office. 
After all, his life was at stake. 
Ashton lowered his head to look at the young girl in his arms and said softly, "Baby, I need to go for a bit. When I return, we’ll go out to eat, okay?" 
"Alright, go ahead." Joanna nodded obediently with agreement.
* 
The lunch was arranged in a place with a pleasant environment and a very romantic atmosphere, perfect for a date. 
After the meal, since Joanna needed to go to school to ask for leave, Ashton had Zack drive her there first. 
As they neared the school, Joanna spotted a pharmacy across the street and suddenly remembered something. 
She asked Zack to pull over. 
Ashton’s brow furrowed slightly, and he looked outside the window with confusion, "Why are we stopping here? We haven’t reached your school yet." 
"I need to go to the pharmacy to buy something." 
Joanna felt like she had forgotten something while eating, and it hit her only when she saw the pharmacy. 
She wasn’t sure if Ashton had forgotten or hadn’t prepared, but he hadn’t used a condom every time they had sex today. 
Her period had just ended, and it wasn’t her safe period yet. 
Under such circumstances, it’s easy to get pregnant. 
She had no intention of becoming a mother at the moment. Getting married so young had already disrupted some of her life plans. She would break down if she got pregnant early too. 
At her age, she still felt she was only half-grown up. 
She was not even fully grown yet, so it’s impossible for her to want a baby. 
Upon hearing that she needed to go to the pharmacy, Ashton’s expression immediately tensed: "Do you feel unwell somewhere? Is it because of what I did today?" 
He was worried that he had hurt her. 
"Uh, it’s not that..." Joanna blushed and shook her head, not hiding it from him and said directly, "I’m going to the pharmacy to buy emergency contraceptives. Ashton, you didn’t use any birth control today, and I don’t want to get pregnant so soon." 
Ashton’s expression froze for a moment. 
But soon, it returned to normal. 
"Baby, I’m sorry." He looked at her with guilt in his eyes, and held her in his arms, gently kissing her forehead. "It was my fault. I didn’t prepare well. I won’t make the same mistake again." 
There was an undeniable discomfort in his heart when he heard that Joanna wanted to buy emergency contraceptives. 
But upon seeing her childlike, delicate face still seemingly underage, he quickly understood her and felt guilty for his hidden thoughts. 
Because he deliberately did not prepare condoms. 
As someone who always considered every aspect in everything he did, he would never make such a rookie mistake. 
Unless he did it intentionally. 
He knew that Joanna was still young and not very mature psychologically, not suitable for having a baby or becoming a mother at this stage. 
However, selfishly thinking, he wondered if she would stay by his side if she had a child already. 
He wouldn’t have to worry about her leaving then. 
Being so young and still not settled, she’s at an age that loves to play around and has beautiful fantasies and expectations of love. 
Although they are married now, she hasn’t fallen in love with him. 
Her feelings for him have not reached the point where he’s the only one. 
Moreover, he’s a full six years older than her. 
If a three-year gap is considered a generational difference, then there are two generational gaps between her and him. 
Girls her age might prefer boys their age, right? 
With a similar age range, they would have more in common and no generation gap to speak of. 
Ashton sometimes wondered if Joanna would despise him for his age. 
Would she think there’s a generation gap between them? 
He was worried that she would ridicule him for being older. 
It wouldn’t matter if he was just one or two years older than her, but he’s a whole six years older. 
For men his age, he’s still very young. With his conditions, even when he’s thirty or forty, he’ll still attract young women to his side. 
But... 
Even someone as confident as him feels insecure in front of the woman he loves. 
However, when he considered Joanna’s perspective, it wasn’t fair to her to let her get pregnant so early.
###Chapter 533: Chapter 532: He Wants to Keep Joanna Lawrence with the Child
Ashton Heath felt guilty and said, "Taking emergency contraceptives is not good for your health, it’s my negligence that caused you to suffer, baby." 
"Ashton, you’re not angry, are you?" 
Joanna didn’t ignore the expression that had appeared on his face a moment ago. 
He looked like he was upset. 
Ashton shook his head, "Baby, I’m not angry with you, I’m angry at myself. I should have thought about this earlier." 
"Actually, it’s okay to take it once in a while." Joanna breathed a sigh of relief when she saw he wasn’t angry, and continued with a smile, "It only has a more significant impact on the body if taken frequently. If you don’t want me to take this medicine again, you must take contraceptive measures in the future." 
"Otherwise, you won’t be able to touch me again." 
Joanna had also doubted whether Ashton had done it on purpose. 
If she could say that the two times in the office were accidents. 
How about that time at home in the morning? 
He hadn’t prepared either, had he? 
If it were someone else who had been so careless, she would believe that they had genuinely forgotten. 
But when it came to Ashton Heath... 
Joanna was afraid he would do it again, so she spoke harshly. 
She was only nineteen years old. 
She hadn’t graduated from college yet, she hadn’t made a great career for herself, and she didn’t want to be a mom at this age at all. 
Knowing that he was in the wrong, Ashton had a great attitude in admitting his mistake and immediately nodded, "Alright, I promise that such negligence won’t happen again." 
"In the future, if I’m not prepared, you can refuse me." 
Ashton knew that taking emergency contraceptives once wouldn’t cause much harm. 
But every medicine has some poison in it.
Somehow, it would still have some effect on her body. 
"I will definitely refuse you." Joanna said firmly, "Ashton, I don’t have any plans to have a baby right now. If you want to have a child, at least wait until I’ve achieved something in the things I like, okay?" 
"You’re not in a hurry to have a baby right away, are you?" 
Ashton looked at her with deep eyes, "So when do you plan to have a child? One year from now, two years from now or three years from now?" 
In fact, Ashton wasn’t in a hurry to have children. 
He wasn’t a man who liked children very much. 
He even found them a bit annoying. 
In his eyes, children were troublesome, and he didn’t think raising a child would bring him much joy. On the contrary, he only saw trouble. 
He and Joanna hadn’t had enough time enjoying their world as a couple. 
There was no way he would want a bratty child to disturb them. 
The reason he wanted to have a child was to keep Joanna by his side with that child. 
He thought that if they had a baby, her heart would settle down, and she would stay with him more willingly. 
Joanna thought for a while with furrowed brows and responded, "I don’t know. I have no plans to have a baby in the next two years. Ashton, I really don’t want to have a child too early. I promised to give you a baby before you turn 30, is that okay?" 
"Also, pregnancy and childbirth are so hard and painful, I’m scared. Can you give me some time to prepare myself?" 
The young girl asked him with a soft and sticky voice, her eyes looking at him coyly, and she gently shook his arm which she was holding. 
She was being coquettish with him. 
Ashton’s eyes suddenly darkened, his heart raced, and at that moment, he wanted to catch her and kiss her hard. 
She didn’t know how alluring she looked in that moment. 
Let alone agreeing to not have a child for the time being.
###Chapter 534: Chapter 533: He Didn’t Force Me
If she were to ask for his life, he would give it to her without hesitation. 
He even wanted to say that since she’s so scared, they might as well not have kids. 
He hates seeing her frightened. 
And he can’t stand to see her in pain. 
He wasn’t particularly concerned about having his own children— if she truly didn’t want to, he’d be okay with it. 
They could adopt a child instead. 
Or even adopt one from a side branch of the Heath family. 
Anyway, there are many ways to have a child; she doesn’t necessarily have to give birth herself. 
However, even if he doesn’t really want children, if it is to have them with her, he would still be willing. 
"Okay," He stared at her, his gaze soft and tender, petting her head with indulgence, his voice gentle too, "If you don’t want to give birth, then we won’t." 
"Er..." 
Joanna wanted to say she wasn’t unwilling to give birth. 
She just didn’t want to do so this early. 
* 
When going to the pharmacy to buy medicine, Ashton insisted on accompanying Joanna. As they walked into the store, the shopkeeper came over to ask what they wanted to buy. 
Upon hearing Joanna ask for a box of emergency contraceptives, the shopkeeper’s expression changed. When she looked at Ashton again, her gaze held a deeper meaning. 
The shopkeepers here were all middle-aged women in their forties and fifties. 
Unlike the young girls who were instantly infatuated by Ashton. 
Though the middle-aged woman did find the young man who had just walked in to be handsome, it was just the admiring gaze of an elder towards the younger, not infatuation. 
"Young lady, are the emergency contraceptives for yourself?" The old lady shopkeeper gave Ashton a deep glance, showing a hint of caution, then her gaze fell on Joanna’s face, showing a trace of inexplicable indignation. 
Joanna was still young. 
It was her first time buying such thing, and being looked at with such a strange gaze by the shopkeeper, her face involuntarily flushed. She pursed her lips and quietly replied, "Yes." 
The shopkeeper’s face changed again. 
She suddenly reached out and took Joanna’s hand, saying, "We have several types of emergency contraceptives here, come take a look with me, I’ll tell you which one works best." 
With that, she led Joanna away. 
Ashton watched as the shopkeeper took Joanna around a corner. His deep eyes narrowed slightly and his brows furrowed. 
He had a strange feeling about the shopkeeper’s gaze at him just now. 
Behind the shelf. 
The kindly middle-aged old lady spoke in a suppressed and indignant voice, "Young lady, tell me, were you forced by that young man outside? Don’t be scared, tell me everything. I will help you." 
Joanna: "?" 
She was completely perplexed, but honestly replied, "He, he didn’t force me." 
"He didn’t force you?" The old lady thought of the handsome face of the young man outside and suddenly understood. She sighed and said resentfully, "He must have used his good looks and sweet words to deceive you." 
"Young lady, I have a daughter about your age. Seeing you is like seeing my own daughter. Don’t mind my lengthy speech. The young man is really good-looking, with a face that girls love. But no matter how good-looking he is, you can’t be with a criminal." 
Joanna was again puzzled, completely not understanding what the old lady was talking about. 
Was she saying that Ashton had committed a crime?
###Chapter 535: Chapter 534: What to Do When It’s Really Funny
Could it be that this old lady knows Ashton Heath? 
Joanna Lawrence was curious in her heart and asked, "Old lady, do you know him?" 
"I don’t know him." The old lady said indignantly, "But he’s definitely not a good person." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Old lady, why do you think he’s not a good person?" 
"Why? Of course, because he doesn’t even spare minors!" The old lady looked at the young girl’s innocent and beautiful face, thinking of her daughter who was still in senior high school, and became even more angry. "You’re not even of age yet, and he just took you. He didn’t even take contraceptive measures, making you come here to buy emergency contraceptives. No matter how good-looking such a scumbag is, you can’t have him. Listen to my advice and break up with him right away. At this age, your studies are the most important thing. You must not go down the wrong path!" 
The old lady got too emotional and forgot to control her volume. 
Ashton Heath, who had been paying attention to the two, heard the old lady’s words clearly. 
In a place where Joanna couldn’t see, the man’s face suddenly darkened. 
* 
Leaving the pharmacy. 
Joanna raised her head, secretly glancing at the man beside her whose face was still gloomy, and his entire person was radiating low pressure. 
She actually wanted to laugh a bit. 
But she didn’t dare to laugh. 
If she laughed again, it would be like stabbing a person’s heart with a knife. 
But it was really funny, what should she do. 
She couldn’t hold back much longer. 
She returned to the car, stifling her laughter. 
After getting into the car, the man didn’t hug her as he had done in the past out of habit. He silently looked outside the window, with thin lips pressed tightly together and his face gloomy. 
Zack, who saw this scene in the rearview mirror, thought that the two had quarreled. 
He found it strange that Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna seemed fine when they got out of the car earlier. 
Why did they start quarreling when they came back? 
But looking at Ms. Joanna who was smiling, it didn’t seem like they had quarreled. 
Alas, he was old. 
He couldn’t understand how young people fell in love nowadays. 
Ten minutes later. 
They arrived at the back door of Closia Film School. 
Joanna glanced at the man beside her who was still frowning and silent, picked up her bag, and lightly coughed: "Um, Ashton... I need to get out of the car." 
The man beside her finally had some reaction, turning his head to look at her. 
After exchanging glances for a moment, he pursed his lips and nodded, saying, "Alright, please come find me at the company after you finish your leave. Let’s have dinner together tonight." 
"Okay." 
Joanna reached for the car door and was about to get out. On second thought, she turned around and leaned towards his handsome face. Under his slightly surprised gaze, her soft lips gently kissed his cheek. 
"A goodbye kiss. I really have to go now. See you later." 
She blushed, waved her hand, and jumped out of the car while he was still in a daze. 
After getting out, she stood by the roadside and waved at him again before turning to walk into the school gate. 
Ashton Heath, however, remained motionless in the posture of being just kissed by her. 
Zack waited for a while, but still didn’t hear him speak, so he couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. Ashton, shall we go back to the company now?" 
Ashton came to his senses, looked at the window at the fading, petite figure in the distance, his deep eyes flashing a hint of hesitation, and then asked somewhat unnaturally, "Zack, I want to ask you a question, please answer truthfully." 
"Mr. Ashton, please ask." 
Ashton pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and asked, "When you first saw Ms. Joanna, how old did you think she was?" 
Zack was taken aback, as if he hadn’t expected him to ask this question, but soon answered, "Ms. Joanna looks young, I thought she was still in senior high school at the time."
###Chapter 536: Chapter 535: If She Doesn’t Like You, Who Does She Like?
He was startled and thought Mr. Ashton had found an underage girl. 
After hearing this, Ashton Heath pressed his lips and fell silent for a while. 
"Do I look much older than Ms. Joanna? Do I appear old?" 
Zack’s astonished expression reflected in the rearview mirror: "Mr. Ashton, you are still so young, how would you look old? If you think you look old, what about us old folk who are over fifty years old?" 
"But..." Ashton narrowed his eyes and clenched his fists, "She looks much younger than me. Zack, do you think she might feel that I’m too old and not from the same generation as her?" 
Zack: "..."
"Mr. Ashton, why would you think that way? You are so outstanding with so many well-bred ladies falling for you. Even if you are a few years older than Ms. Joanna, this age difference is not an issue." 
"Mr. Ashton’s other strengths can make up for this gap." 
"Is it so?" 
Ashton seemed uncertain, unlike his usual self-confidence, and began to doubt himself: "Will she really not mind? Will she think that I’m too dull and with a monotonous life, making our time together boring?" 
She was his first woman. 
And the first one he ever fell in love with. 
Unlike Yannick Luther, he did not have enough love experiences to learn how to please a girl. 
Even their first date was copied from Google. 
As a man with no love experience, not knowing how to make her happy, and six years older than her, would she be unhappy inside? 
"Mr. Ashton, you’re overthinking it. You are the heaven’s prince among men, and Ms. Joanna must like you. No other man can compare to you around her." Zack found it both surprising and emotional to see his young master showing such a lack of self-confidence for the first time. 
This was not the Mr. Ashton he knew. 
When had Mr. Ashton ever become so unconfident? 
"Do you think she likes me?" There was still doubt in Ashton’s eyes. "Zack, are you just comforting me?" 
Did Joanna Lawrence like him? 
Ashton did not feel it. 
She definitely didn’t dislike him, but if she liked him... at least until now, he didn’t feel it. 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton," Zack said with certainty, "Ms. Joanna definitely likes you. Mr. Ashton, you are so outstanding, and you treat her so well. She has no reason not to like you. Mr. Ashton, you can be more confident. What are you worrying about? You’re more outstanding than any man around Ms. Joanna. If she doesn’t like you, then who would she like?" 
Zack believed that it would be difficult to find a second man better than Mr. Ashton. 
His young master was a true heaven’s prince. 
God’s favorite. 
In terms of wealth, appearance, and personal ability, few people could compare with him among his peers. 
The boys around Ms. Joanna, who hadn’t even grown up yet, were even more incomparable. 
If he were Mr. Ashton, he would have nothing to worry about. 
If he could grow up like Mr. Ashton, he would walk sideways. 
However, there’s no hope for him in this life. 
He could only wait for the next life and see if he would be that lucky. 
"Is that so?" 
Zack’s words made Ashton Heath fall into deep thought. Even though Zack made perfect sense and he understood the reasoning. 
But... 
He had an absolute sense of control and self-confidence in everything else, but Joanna Lawrence made him feel powerless and out of control.
###Chapter 537: Chapter 536: Ms. Joanna Will Be Spoiled by You
He could control her person, but he couldn’t control her heart. 
Who can control one’s heart, after all? 
"Mr. Ashton, don’t worry about it," Zack felt sorry to see Mr. Ashton’s distressed appearance. "Besides, Ms. Joanna has already married you. She’s your woman, your wife. What more do you have to worry about?" 
Ashton Heath pressed his lips, lowered his eyes and after a moment of silence, nodded: "You’re right, I have nothing to worry about. She’s my woman, now and forever." 
Anyway, whether she’d fall for him or not, he’d never let go of her. 
In this life, Joanna Lawrence could only be Ashton Heath’s woman. 
When Zack heard this, he finally felt a little relieved and a trace of a smile showed on his face: "Mr. Ashton, if you still have any concerns, you can make your relationship with Ms. Joanna public." 
"This way, no one would dare to covet Ms. Joanna." 
Who would dare to covet the wife of Heath Group’s president? 
Those who dared must think they had lived long enough. 
"She doesn’t want to go public." 
Ashton was a person who hid his feelings very well. 
He rarely let others know. 
But Zack was no outsider to him. 
Zack had worked for the Heath family for more than 20 years. Although he was officially his driver, Ashton treated him as an elder. 
So, Ashton didn’t hide his feelings from Zack and said directly: "She thinks she’s still young and doesn’t want people to know that she got married so early. Besides, if she wants to pursue her career, being married will affect her. I don’t want to force her to go public. That would make her unhappy." 
Although the entertainment industry is no longer the same as in the past where artists were strictly forbidden to date and fans have become more accepting of artists’ dating and marriage, that premise is based on the artist’s success. 
Announcing marriage before even reaching third-tier status would make the road ahead more challenging. 
Since Ashton had considered all these factors, he had no intention of going public with her now. 
If she wanted to develop her career, he would help her. 
If she didn’t want to go public, they wouldn’t. 
These things were not that important. 
As long as she was willing to stay by his side, that was enough. 
His only requirement for her was this. 
Zack was silent for a moment before sighing, "Mr. Ashton, you spoil Ms. Joanna too much. Always accommodating her like this, she will become spoiled in the future." 
"She’s my wife, who else should I spoil if not her?" Ashton hooked his lower lip, a touch of tenderness in his eyes, "She’s still young, just a half-grown child. I’m older than her by so many years, it’s alright to indulge her a bit." 
Zack: "..."
Alright, Mr. Ashton, as long as you’re happy. 
Anyway, she’s your wife, spoil her however you want. 
"Let’s go back to the company." 
Ashton waited until Joanna’s figure completely disappeared from his sight before withdrawing his gaze from outside the window. 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Zack immediately started the car and merged into the traffic in the middle of the street. 
After driving for a few minutes, Ashton casually glanced out of the window. Upon seeing the pharmacy they had visited not long ago, his handsome face instantly turned gloomy, and an uncontrollable coldness emanated from his body. 
He recalled the old lady’s words once more.
###Chapter 538: Chapter 537: In fact, he cares very much
He found it extremely ridiculous. 
That middle-aged old lady with the eye problem actually thought he was some pervert who lured and cheated underage girls, and even advised Joanna Lawrence to break up with him, saying he was no good. 
If it weren’t for his habit of never hitting a woman, the fact that she was much older than him, and that she was genuinely well-meaning... 
He would’ve definitely beaten her up. 
The low pressure emanating from Ashton Heath’s body could even be felt by Zack, who was sitting in the front row. 
He glanced at the rearview mirror and saw Ashton with a gloomy expression as if someone had seriously offended him, and Zack wondered who had crossed their young master this time. 
His mood was so unpredictable that even Zack was scared. 
Ashton’s eyes were fixed on the drugstore for a while. Although he didn’t want to care about it, the old lady’s words sounded like a curse that kept echoing in his ears over and over again, making it impossible for him not to mind a bit. 
In fact, he cared very much. 
Did he really look that much older than Joanna? 
The man clenched his phone and struggled for a long time. Just before Zack drove the car into the Heath Group’s underground parking lot and he got out of the car, he finally sent a text message. 
A message sent to Mr. Rowan. 
Message content: Tell my image design team that from now on, my clothes shouldn’t be designed too mature and old-fashioned. They should look as youthful as possible. I mean the style that can make me look significantly younger. Do you understand what I mean? 
After receiving his message, Mr. Rowan replied quickly: Mr. Ashton, are you sure it’s for you? 
Ashton’s eyebrows furrowed: Of course. 
Not sure if Mr. Rowan was busy with something, but it took quite a while for him to reply this time: Mr. Ashton, can I give you a call to confirm something if you’re not busy right now? 
Ashton Heath: ? 
Mr. Rowan: I want to make sure it’s really you who sent the message. 
Ashton Heath: ... 
* 
After Joanna returned to school, she quickly got her leave approved, and it was even personally approved by the principal. 
The principal’s attitude was so polite that it didn’t seem like a principal at all, almost being respectful. Not only did he personally pour water for Joanna, but when she left after her request, he also escorted her to the door. 
Joanna, of course, knew why.
When she found out that a casual call from Ashton could change the time of her major classes, she realized that Ashton’s power was much greater than she had imagined. 
The principal treated her so courteously, presumably because Ashton had given a heads up in advance. 
Only then could she enjoy such treatment and service. 
In the past, taking time off wouldn’t have been so easy. 
And the approval process would never have been handled by the principal himself. 
After getting her leave approved, Joanna saw that it was still early and called Aria Rowlett. 
The two met outside the library. 
Aria had already known that Joanna would be going out of town in three days to shoot a film for several months. As soon as she saw her, she embraced her tightly, saying reluctantly, "Baby, from today onwards, I’ll have to spend several months in an empty home. Sigh, I really can’t bear to see you go." 
Joanna hugged her back, smiling sweetly: "We’ve been apart before, why are you suddenly reluctant to part with me now?" 
"That’s different." Aria sighed lightly. "Back then, we both weren’t at school. But now that you’re leaving, for a long time, there won’t be anyone to accompany me to classes, meals, skipping classes, shopping, and doing a lot of other things together."
###Chapter 539: Chapter 538: She Probably Understood What Was Going On
"I won’t be used to it." 
"The shooting base is not far from Closia; you can come and visit." Joanna Lawrence said generously, "When you come, I’ll reimburse your airfare, cover your meals, accommodations, and even sleep with you. How about that?" 
"You said it." Aria Rowlett did not show any courtesy and immediately agreed, smiling happily, "Okay, then I won’t be polite. Anyway, you’re now a rich girl with an allowance of several million dollars a month. You have so much money that you don’t know how to spend it, so let your good sister help you spend some." 
"Ah, baby, now I know why the heartthrob works out with you in his office for several hours even during the day. If I were him, I wouldn’t be able to resist either." Aria Rowlett said, feeling sentimental while holding Joanna Lawrence’s soft body. 
Her baby’s body was indeed top-notch. 
Holding her in her arms, she felt cold, soft, and fragrant. It was so comfortable. 
It was the so-called elegant and ethereal beauty. 
Especially since her baby might be thin, but her chest was bountiful. 
Feeling the softness, even as a woman, Aria wanted to hold the girl in her arms and pamper her a bit. 
Not to mention men. 
It must be hard for any man to control himself in the face of her baby’s stunning beauty. 
Unless he was gay and not interested in women. 
"Ahem, ahem, ahem." Joanna suddenly coughed violently, her face red and neck thick. She pushed Aria away and looked at her with eyes red from coughing, "You, how...?" 
It seemed she hadn’t told Aria this, had she?! 
"How did I know?" Aria asked puzzledly, "Didn’t you tell me?" 
Joanna opened her eyes wide, her face full of disbelief and confusion, and didn’t even care about being shy anymore, "I... I didn’t tell you." 
"If it’s not you who told me, who was it?" 
Aria took out her phone and opened Twitter while speaking, "Two hours ago, you sent me a message. The person I was chatting with was you, for sure. This is your Twitter ID, isn’t it?"
Aria opened the chat history and showed it to Joanna, "Don’t tell me you were drunk and don’t remember what you did." 
"Even if you really don’t remember, I already know everything you should know, so don’t try to deny it." 
"Tsk, tsk, baby, I really couldn’t tell, but the heartthrob is such a beast. He would do that with you in his office... Hehe, tell me quietly, what’s it like doing it in his office? Is it especially exciting?" 
"Does it feel like having an affair?" 
"You said he did it with you for several hours. Was it to prove that the morning’s incident was just an accident? Did he deliberately show off to you?" 
Joanna’s eyes scanned the Twitter chat screen between the two of them, her face turning redder by the inch. 
She thought she probably understood what had happened. 
These Twitter messages must not have been sent by her to Aria. 
And in her own Twitter, there was no record of this chat with Aria. 
So there was only one possibility. 
She had been asleep, and it was Ashton Heath who was chatting with Aria using her phone. 
Joanna had never thought that Ashton Heath would do something like this. 
Especially his line "My husband is really powerful and awesome," which made Joanna feel both amused and helpless.
###Chapter 540: Chapter 539: Get the hell out!
"He really must have been bothered by what happened in the morning. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have done such a childish thing while she was asleep. 
Men really care about the duration of that, huh. 
Luckily, after proving himself the last two times, she was sure Ashton Heath was normal. 
"Aria, I didn’t send you this." She firmly denied sending such embarrassing messages. 
"Not you?" Aria Rowlett blinked, paused, and said, "But..." 
Just a few seconds later, Aria’s eyes widened, revealing a look of sudden realization and extreme shock. "You can’t mean... the heartthrob..." 
"Um." Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Indeed, it’s him." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"So, he saw what I said to you before?" 
"He probably did." 
"Damn it!" Aria practically jumped up, ruffling her hair, and then she put on a long face, "I’m screwed, I’m so screwed. If the heartthrob saw what I said, he’d definitely want to strangle me. Baby, do you think the heartthrob will be angry? What should I do?" 
After all, which man wouldn’t mind being told that he’s quick on the draw? 
Especially her superior heartthrob, he must mind it even more. 
Joanna Lawrence had a helpless expression on her face, shook her head, and spoke honestly: "I don’t know. But I think he probably isn’t mad at you." 
"He isn’t?" Aria Rowlett immediately grasped at her hand, eager for confirmation, "So, the heartthrob will continue to appease me for your sake, right? He won’t hold grudges because of this incident, right?" 
"...Probably." 
"Baby, you must help me a lot. We absolutely can’t let the heartthrob have any grievances against me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Me? How can I help you?" 
Aria Rowlett looked at her earnestly and said, "From now on, you need to spend more time exercising with the heartthrob every day, reinforcing his confidence. Then he won’t care about what I said." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Aria Rowlett, get lost!" 
* 
Aria Rowlett still had classes in the afternoon, so Joanna Lawrence lingered at school until she left for class. 
Before getting in the taxi, Joanna Lawrence sent Ashton Heath a message: I’ve asked for leave, and I’m now coming to see you at the office. 
Ashton Heath replied quickly: Wait for me, I’ll send Zack to pick you up. 
Joanna Lawrence gave the driver the address, and then replied to him: No need, I’m already in a taxi. It’s just a ten-minute drive from here, there’s no need for such trouble. 
Ashton Heath didn’t insist, and replied: Okay, then I’ll have Cody Aberton waiting for you in the lobby. I might be a bit busy this afternoon, I have a couple of meetings, and won’t be able to accompany you. You can wait for me in my office after you arrive. 
Joanna Lawrence obediently replied: Okay, I got it. 
Ashton Heath: Is there anything you want to eat? I can have it prepared in advance. Fruits? Cake? Ice cream? There isn’t much snack food in the office right now. 
The conversation was quite ordinary. 
But Joanna Lawrence still felt incredibly sweet. 
Perhaps it was the feeling of being cared for, where her every little thing was taken into account by the other person. 
Caring for someone genuinely is always revealed through small deeds. 
The smaller things could actually make you feel clearer. 
She pursed her lips and smiled. After some thought, she sent a voice message to him: No need to prepare for me, I’ll buy something from the cake shop later. I know a cake shop that serves incredibly delicious cake, want some? I can bring you a piece.
###Chapter 541: Chapter 540: The Civilized Beast Wearing Human Skin!
She sent the voice message, but it took Ashton Heath quite a while to reply. 
Joanna thought he must be busy, and didn’t send any more texts. 
She figured she’d buy two portions anyhow, regardless of whether Ashton wanted to eat or not. 
If he didn’t want to eat, she’d eat it all herself. 
Just as Joanna was convinced that Ashton had gone to a meeting and wouldn’t reply to her messages, her Twitter beeped, and a reply from the man arrived. 
My Dearest Husband: I don’t want to eat cake, I want to eat you. Is that okay? 
Joanna stared at this sudden Twitter message and the strange Twitter name for a long time before realizing that it was sent by Ashton Heath. 
Looking at the words "My Dearest Husband," her mouth twitched. She clicked on the user info and saw that the name had indeed been changed. 
The original Twitter name was just a single English letter: M. 
She was about to ask Ashton when he’d added her Twitter, but then she thought of the chat he had with Aria and suddenly understood everything. 
It seemed that during her sleep, Ashton had done quite a few things without her knowledge. 
This childish man not only lied to her best friend about how strong and powerful he was, but also had the audacity to change his Twitter name to this nickname. 
What "My Dearest Husband," it’s nauseating. 
Joanna glanced at the screen and her mind almost instantly conjured an ambiguous scene. 
The man pinned her down on the soft bed, undressing her while whispering in her ear, "Baby, I want to eat you..." 
Just thinking about it made Joanna’s face flush. 
She covered her burning cheeks and decided not to reply to his text. 
What a hooligan! 
He appeared cold and detached, like he wasn’t interested in women. 
But in reality? 
His mind was filled with unhealthy thoughts all the time! 
Deep down, he was a beast in human skin! 
Joanna looked over and over at his nickname. She wanted to change it but hesitated when her finger reached the "edit nickname" bar and backed out. 
Ashton was a petty man. 
If he knew she deleted his nickname, he’d definitely get mad at her. 
Although he was easy to appease, it’s better not to upset him if there’s no need. 
After all, it’s just a nickname. 
Others can’t see it anyway, so she shouldn’t care too much about it. 
Joanna didn’t reply to Ashton’s text. After a few minutes, the man sent another one: Baby, I’m going to a meeting, see you in an hour. 
Before Joanna could reply to him, he sent another one after a few seconds: Save me some cake. 
* 
Ten minutes later. 
The taxi stopped at the Heath Group building entrance. 
As soon as Joanna got out of the car, she saw a familiar figure walking into the building. 
The woman’s figure was tall and slender, dressed in a Celine’s Drift-style black skirt suit, stepping on a pair of red high heels, swaying seductively as she walked. 
Soon, the black figure entered the Heath Group lobby. 
Joanna stood at the bottom of the steps, watching for a moment, and felt like she’d seen that figure somewhere before but couldn’t remember exactly where. 
She gave up trying to remember, and holding the cake, walked up the stairs step by step. 
* 
Meanwhile. 
In the Heath Group lobby. 
As Rebecca Kelloway entered the lobby, she saw Cody Aberton and her face lit up involuntarily. She approached him and took the initiative to greet him, "Cody, what are you doing here? Are you...here to pick someone up?"
###Chapter 542: Chapter 541: Ms. Kelloway, how did you get here?
Cody Aberton was waiting for Joanna Lawrence in the hall. 
However, he didn’t expect to see Rebecca Kelloway before Joanna arrived. 
Upon seeing Rebecca, Cody couldn’t help but be surprised: "Ms. Kelloway, what brings you here?" 
Rebecca’s smug smile barely lasted three seconds before it froze on her face. 
She immediately sensed the underlying meaning of Cody’s words.
Obviously, Cody wasn’t waiting here for her. 
He didn’t even know she was coming. 
Before coming, Rebecca had sent a message to Ashton Heath, but he claimed to be too busy to see her. 
Nevertheless, Rebecca came anyway. 
Seeing Cody earlier, she thought though Ashton said he was busy, he didn’t really mind her coming, and even asked Cody to wait for her. 
She was proven wrong so quickly, and it made her somewhat embarrassed. 
However, regardless of the circumstances, Ms. Rebecca always maintained her poise and grace. Quickly, her expression returned to normal, and she offered a gentle smile: "I came to see Ashton. Is he busy right now?" 
Rebecca had visited Heath Group before. 
At the time, Ashton wasn’t the CEO yet, but the vice president. 
The only woman who could get close to President Ashton at the time was Ms. Kelloway, standing right in front.") 
Cody knew the Heath family and the Kelloway family were close, and Rebecca and Ashton had a good relationship. So hearing her say she was visiting Ashton didn’t come as a surprise. 
He nodded and said, "President Ashton is in a meeting. Do you have important matters to discuss with him, Ms. Kelloway?" 
"Not really." Rebecca gently bit her lip, furrowing her brows as if troubled by something. After a few moments of silence, she sighed, "Ashton and I had a misunderstanding recently, and he’s still upset with me. I’ve been thinking that we should talk it out face-to-face, so I came to find him." 
"Since he’s in a meeting, I’ll wait for him in his office." 
Cody was about to nod and take her upstairs when he suddenly remembered that he hadn’t met Joanna yet. 
"Uh, Ms. Kelloway." He glanced at his watch and looked out the front door, then reluctantly said, "How about you come find President Ashton another day? He’s going to be very busy today and probably won’t have any free time until the afternoon." 
"You’ll be waiting a long time if you wait for him." 
Cody was thinking that Joanna would be arriving soon. 
It might not be a good idea to have Rebecca waiting in Ashton’s office. 
Although Ms. Kelloway had a purely platonic relationship with President Ashton, she was, after all, the only woman who had ever been close to him. Ms. Joanna might not be indifferent to that fact. 
Women could be very jealous. 
And he had been working by President Ashton’s side for a few years now. 
He always felt that President Ashton’s feelings for Ms. Kelloway were purely platonic. 
But as for Ms. Kelloway’s feelings for President Ashton... that might not be the case. 
Women could be very calculating. 
If Ms. Kelloway really had feelings for President Ashton and saw Ms. Joanna later, she might not be happy about it. 
What if she caused trouble while President Ashton wasn’t around? 
To his surprise, his words didn’t deter Rebecca. 
Rebecca smiled and said nonchalantly, "I’ll wait for him then. He can’t be busy not leaving work forever, right?" 
Cody: "...Ms. Kelloway."
###Chapter 543: Chapter 542: Come to My Birthday Banquet
"Don’t worry, I won’t disrupt his work. I know what I’m doing." Rebecca Kelloway smiled gently at Cody Aberton, "I’ve waited for him before. When he’s busy, he doesn’t have time to care for me, but I can find things to do on my own." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
That wasn’t what he meant. 
"Cody, are you waiting for someone here?" Rebecca guessed that Cody was waiting for someone, but she didn’t expect it to be Joanna Lawrence. She thought Cody was waiting for an important client. 
Cody Aberton nodded. 
He was about to say that he was waiting for Joanna when Rebecca hooked her lips slightly and said considerately, "In that case, I’ll go up first so I won’t disturb your work. Oh, Cody, I’m having a birthday party next Saturday. You should come." 
Rebecca was actually a very proud person. 
Born into a noble family, she naturally grew up as a well-bred lady surrounded by people who adored her. 
Like Ashton Heath, she has a cold and proud temperament. Although she seems approachable on the surface, there are only a few people she really takes seriously. 
Cody was a valued assistant to President Ashton, so Rebecca treated him differently from ordinary people. 
She would also give Cody some face. 
For example, she would formally invite him to her birthday party. 
This was not a treatment offered to just anyone. 
Cody was about to say something, but when he heard about her upcoming birthday, he forgot what he was going to say in an instant. 
He gazed at the beautiful woman standing before him with a bright smile. He felt a bit dazzled and hurriedly lowered his head, nodding, "Yes, Ms. Kelloway. I will definitely be there." 
"You must remember to come." Rebecca gently patted his shoulder before she turned around, swayed her hips elegantly, and left. 
A lingering fragrance lingered around Cody’s nose. 
It didn’t dissipate for a long time. 
He couldn’t quite say what kind of scent it was, but he thought it was somewhat tempting. 
He slowly looked up, watching the woman who had walked to the elevator and was waiting for it to arrive. He couldn’t help but worry secretly for Joanna Lawrence. 
Ms. Kelloway was really beautiful. 
And her background was noble. 
Besides, she was also a top graduate from foreign leading schools.
If she genuinely liked President Ashton, then Ms. Joanna would have a powerful adversary. 
Although Ms. Joanna was also beautiful and wouldn’t lose to her in terms of appearance, she was no match for Ms. Kelloway in other aspects. 
The Kelloway family’s background was entirely incomparable to the destitute Lawrence family. 
Even in the past, when the Lawrence family wasn’t in decline, they didn’t have the qualifications to match the Kelloway family. 
Moreover, Ms. Kelloway and Ashton Heath shared a generational friendship since childhood. 
Just this point alone was quite threatening. 
It was said that the pure friendship between President Ashton and Ms. Kelloway persisted because she never pursued him openly. 
If Ms. Kelloway had been more assertive and bold back then, openly declaring their relationship and pursuing President Ashton, 
Would Joanna even have a chance today? 
"Cody." 
As Cody’s mind was filled with random thoughts, he suddenly heard a soft, sweet voice by his ear. 
He snapped out of it and turned to see Joanna standing behind him. He stared blankly for a moment, instinctively glancing towards the elevator only to see Rebecca had already entered it and the door had closed. 
"Ms... Ms. Joanna, you’re here." Cody felt overwhelmed.
###Chapter 544: Chapter 543: I Was Just Asking Casually
What should I do now? 
Ms. Kelloway has already gone upstairs. 
"Well, Cody, I’m sorry I made you wait so long down here." 
"It’s okay, Ms. Joanna, I just got down here myself." Cody Aberton’s eyes were flickering, thinking about whether to tell Joanna Lawrence about Rebecca Kelloway going upstairs to see President Ashton now. 
Just as he was hesitating, a tender little hand reached out to him, with a greenish finger hooked to a bag: "Cody, this is for you. I didn’t know what flavor you like, so I bought the one I usually like." 
"Ms. Joanna, this is..." Cody looked at the cake bag in front of him, hesitated for a moment. 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and smiled, and when she smiled, her eyes curved like two crescents: "It’s a cake. I had to wait in line when I went, so it took me a while. Although this store is not very famous, their cakes are really delicious." 
"By the way, Cody, do you like cakes? If not..." 
"I do." Cody immediately took it with his hand, looking into the girl’s black watery eyes in front of him, feeling his face suddenly heat up and his heartbeat accelerate so much. 
He clenched the small paper bag in his hand and stuttered, "Th-thank you, Ms. Joanna." 
Gosh, Ms. Joanna is so beautiful when she smiles. 
Simply too sweet. 
She just smiled like that, and he had a feeling of love already. 
Although, he hasn’t been in love before... 
But suddenly, he really wanted to find a girlfriend like Ms. Joanna. 
A petite little girl who looks like a doll, especially sweet when she smiles. 
With an especially sweet voice too. 
Making people want to take care of her, pamper her, and provide her with the best things in the world with all their might. 
He decided to take back those immature thoughts he had just had. 
Family background, high-end education, childhood sweethearts, and so on. 
What do they all mean? 
He now understood a little bit about why ancient emperors were willing to do ridiculous things like playing with warlords just to get a beautiful woman’s smile. 
Some beauties really deserve any kind of pampering. 
Indeed, they could make one’s soul disarray and do anything ridiculous in others’ eyes for her. 
Ms. Kelloway is beautiful, but her beauty is different from Ms. Joanna’s. 
As a man, he still prefers Ms. Joanna’s type more. 
Ms. Kelloway’s beauty is like a valuable and beautiful painting, and more people appreciate it with an admiring attitude. 
And Ms. Joanna would easily arouse a man’s compassion and love, and make them want to possess her for themselves. 
No wonder...Mr. Ashton in their family has been single for over twenty years, and as soon as he met Ms. Joanna, he immediately went for a flash marriage. 
"Ms. Joanna, do you have any sister or something like that? Um...I mean, someone with a similar personality and appearance to you?" Cody’s brain twitched, and he asked a question that would surely get him sent to dig coal on the border of a certain country if it were known by Mr. Ashton. 
After asking, his mind suddenly cleared. 
His face changed abruptly, and before Joanna could answer, he quickly said: "Ms. Joanna, I was just asking casually, don’t take it seriously." 
Joanna blinked: "Cody, why are you...?"
###Chapter 545: Chapter 544: Who do you think President Ashton will help?
"Uh, Ms. Joanna, I was just asking casually, you don’t have to care about it." 
Cody had already made a lifestyle change once; he certainly wouldn’t make it a second time. Naturally, he would not disclose his true intentions. Seeing that Joanna Lawrence was still looking at him curiously, he quickly changed the subject, "Let’s go upstairs first. President Ashton is in a meeting right now; he probably won’t be out for another hour." 
Joanna was quite easily distracted, and she quickly put aside Cody’s previous question and nodded, "Okay." 
Cody led Joanna to the elevator. 
The company had seven or eight elevators. 
As the company president, Ashton Heath had a dedicated elevator for him and some senior executives. 
Cody directly led Joanna to the president’s special elevator and waited. 
While waiting, several receptionists were curiously looking at them and whispering, "Who is that woman? Is Cody taking her to see the president?" 
"She must be; otherwise, Cody wouldn’t personally come to pick her up." 
"I thought Cody was here to pick up Ms. Kelloway. It turns out it’s not her. What’s so special about that woman? Even Ms. Kelloway doesn’t get this kind of treatment. Is she even more important than Ms. Kelloway?" 
"I heard from the Secretarial Office that she might be President Ashton’s girlfriend." 
"What?! President Ashton’s girlfriend?!! No way, she looks so young, like she’s not even of age. President Ashton can’t possibly like this type of underage girl, right?" 
"She looks young, but she’s definitely not underage. I observed her carefully just now; she’s at least a C-cup. Maybe her face just looks young, but she’s actually an adult." 
"And, I think she’s gorgeous. She has a small face, very delicate features, and great skin. Don’t you think she’s so fair it’s almost glowing? ively speaking, I think she’s prettier than Ms. Kelloway, it’s just that Ms. Kelloway looks more mature and seductive, more womanly." 
These receptionists were not the ones Joanna had met during her first visit to Heath Group. 
Of course, she wouldn’t know that. 
The receptionists she had met on her first visit were no longer with Heath Group. 
How could Ashton tolerate mere receptionists looking down on his wife? 
So, after Cody told Ashton what they had said and done, those female employees quickly received their lunch boxes and left. 
"Men should still prefer the type like Ms. Kelloway." 
"I don’t think so. Isn’t it said that Ms. Joanna and our President Ashton have known each other since they were kids? If President Ashton had liked her, they would have gotten together long ago. The fact that they’ve been friends for so many years shows that President Ashton isn’t interested in her type." 
"But I heard that Ms. Joanna likes our President Ashton. I don’t know if it’s true or not, but if it is, there’ll be a good show to watch later. President Ashton’s girlfriend seems to have a soft personality; she probably can’t compete with Ms. Joanna." 
"I think so, too." 
"If there is a conflict, one is a childhood sweetheart, and the other is a recently started relationship. Who do you think President Ashton would support?" 
Amidst the curiosity and various speculations of the employees, Joanna followed Cody into the President’s private elevator.
###Chapter 546: Chapter 545: Hosting Ms. Kelloway for Him
After seeing her enter the elevator, a receptionist pursed her lips and smiled, saying, "I bet President Ashton will help his girlfriend. Didn’t you guys notice? When Ms. Rebecca went up just now, she took the ordinary employee elevator. Not only did President Ashton have Cody specifically come down to pick someone up, but he also brought her up in his private elevator. She’s already winning here." 
* 
Arriving at the 37th floor. 
The elevator door opened, and Cody watched Joanna walk out, following behind her, wanting to speak but hesitating. 
"Cody, is there something you want to tell me?" Joanna noticed the expression on his face, stopped, and looked at him curiously with her soft, shiny black eyes. 
"Well, Ms. Joanna..." 
Cody glanced in the direction of Ashton Heath’s office, hesitated for a few seconds, and finally spoke, "Ms. Kelloway was here just now. She’s in... President Ashton’s office." 
If he didn’t say anything, Joanna would find out herself when she entered the office later. 
It’s better to say it now and prepare her mentally. 
She wouldn’t be startled by suddenly seeing Rebecca Kelloway sitting in President Ashton’s office. 
"You said Rebecca came?" Joanna suddenly recalled when she got out of the taxi earlier and saw a familiar figure. 
She didn’t remember who it was at the time, but now she finally remembered. 
It was Rebecca Kelloway. 
"Yes." Cody carefully scrutinized her expression, and seeing that she didn’t seem to mind, he let out a sigh of relief, and his tone became much more relaxed, "Ms. Kelloway said that she had a misunderstanding with President Ashton because of some things before, so she wants to have a proper talk with him." 
"I told her that President Ashton is very busy today and might not have time, but she insisted on coming up to wait for him..." 
Cody spoke awkwardly, "She is President Ashton’s friend and used to come to the company to see him frequently. President Ashton never said anything. So..." 
He didn’t want to stop her either. 
If it were some unsavory women with improper intentions towards President Ashton, he would certainly stop them. 
But Rebecca Kelloway was different. 
Unless President Ashton personally ordered that she was not allowed to come, he had no right to stop her. 
"I understand." Joanna turned to look at the closed door of the president’s office, a faint smile playing at the corners of her lips, and her voice also light, "Rebecca and Ashton have been friends for many years, she can certainly come to see him." 
"Then, Ms. Joanna, what about you..." 
The smile on Joanna’s lips deepened a little, and her tone became even calmer, "Since Ashton is not here, as the hostess, of course, I should entertain Ms. Rebecca on his behalf." 
Even if she knew that Rebecca had feelings for Ashton Heath, she didn’t care much in the past. 
She thought that Rebecca having feelings for Ashton was normal. 
After all, Ashton Heath was an outstanding man. 
Anyone with such an outstanding man by their side could easily fall for him. 
Having a crush on someone was not a big deal. 
As long as you can restrain yourself and not cause trouble for the other person and their partner, it’s fine. 
But it’s different now. 
She already knew that Rebecca couldn’t just be quietly crushing on Ashton Heath. 
Rebecca harbored deep animosity towards her. 
The last time they talked, her words were filled with resentment. 
Under such circumstances, she couldn’t turn a blind eye to Rebecca anymore. 
Moreover... 
When she first met Rebecca, she didn’t have any feelings for Ashton Heath. 
Naturally, she didn’t care if other women liked him.
###Chapter 547: Chapter 546: This is My Husband’s Company
Now that she had feelings for him and planned to be with him for a long time, she had to do something to protect her family. 
She couldn’t let other women keep their eyes on her husband. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence entered the office, the secretaries outside couldn’t help but discuss in a hushed tone. 
"Do you think Ms. Kelloway knows that President Ashton has a girlfriend? What will her mood be like when she sees Ms. Joanna later?" 
"I’m more curious to know whether Ms. Joanna knows that Ms. Kelloway likes President Ashton." 
"Seems like there will be a good show to watch." 
In the president’s office. 
As soon as Joanna walked in, she saw Rebecca Kelloway standing next to the desk, looking at something, lost in thought. 
She was so absorbed that she didn’t notice the additional presence in the office. 
Joanna took a few steps forward and called out softly, "Ms. Kelloway." 
Hearing her voice, 
Rebecca’s figure stiffened, and she slowly turned around. 
Seeing Joanna standing behind her, she furrowed her brows, and her face darkened, "Ms. Joanna, what are you doing here?" 
"Heh." Joanna walked up to her, stopped and hooked the corner of her lips, "Ms. Kelloway, I should be the one asking you that. This is my husband’s company; isn’t it normal for me to be here?" 
"As for Ms. Kelloway..." 
Knowing that she and Rebecca could never be friends again, Joanna felt no need to maintain superficial politeness, so she spoke without holding back, "I don’t know what you want with my husband." 
"He’s quite busy now and probably doesn’t have time to see you. Why don’t you just tell me what it is, and when he finishes his meeting, I’ll pass your message." 
As Joanna called him ’husband’ again and again, Rebecca’s face grew uglier. 
By the time Joanna finished, her face had darkened completely, "Ms. Joanna, whatever I have to say to Ashton, I will say it to his face. It’s not up to you whether he has time to see me. Do you really think that marrying him makes you the young lady of the Heath family?" 
"Do you think you can secure your position?" 
"Ms. Joanna, don’t get too cocky too soon. Why Ashton married you is clear to you. If it weren’t for your unique effect on him, do you think someone of your background could marry into a prominent family like the Heaths?" 
"Ashton’s grandmother and mother, aren’t they noble ladies from prestigious families? Let me tell you, don’t think that just because Madam Heath is gentle and friendly to you, she genuinely likes you. People from noble families always value one’s background. Madam Heath cares, Lady Octavia cares, and Ashton will care too. If you weren’t the only woman who could get close to him, you would never have any chance of being connected to the Heath family in this life." 
"Once Ashton’s illness is cured and your uniqueness is gone, how long do you think you’ll last by his side?" 
Joanna listened quietly with a calm expression on her face. 
She even felt like laughing. 
So, is this the only way Rebecca tries to hurt her by using this? 
Did she think Joanna would be deeply affected by these words? 
But in fact, there was no ripple in her heart. 
She already knew why Ashton had married her.
###Chapter 548: Chapter 547: Are you sure my husband really has OCD?
He didn’t hide anything from her. 
Everything Rebecca Kelloway had said, he had honestly told her before. At the time, Joanna Lawrence didn’t think anything of it. 
In fact, she felt even more at ease. 
After all, she knew exactly why Ashton Heath proposed to her in the first place. 
Given his circumstances, it was impossible for him to just randomly marry a woman. 
And he certainly wouldn’t have a flash marriage with her. 
It made perfect sense that he would marry her because of some special qualities she possessed. 
So, what use would it be for Rebecca Kelloway to use the truths she had long known and accepted to take her down? 
"And what of it?" Joanna Lawrence looked at Rebecca Kelloway with her face full of discontent, hiding a hint of jealousy, slowly curved her lips and said in a disinterested tone, "Even if what Ms. Kelloway says is true, that I will separate from him in the future, at least I once had him." 
"I enjoyed his care and pampering, we had a wonderful relationship, and looking back in the future, it will be a beautiful memory. I have nothing to regret, and nothing to feel sorry about." 
"No matter what, I am far more fortunate than Ms. Kelloway. You spent so much time by his side, and were the only woman who could have a friendship with him. You too had a kind of specialness." 
"But in the end, the person he chose wasn’t you." 
"Oh, I misspoke. He hadn’t chosen you in the first place. For him, you were always just a friend who he had known for a bit longer. He told me he saw you as a sister." 
"So even if I hadn’t married him, it wouldn’t have been your turn, Ms. Kelloway. I really don’t understand what Ms. Kelloway is being so ungracious about." 
Having said that, Joanna turned to look at Rebecca Kelloway, whose face had turned incredibly sour, then strolled past her. 
She walked directly to Ashton Heath’s desk, pulled out the black leather chair, and sat down slowly under the shocked and angry gaze of Rebecca Kelloway. 
The black leather chair was very soft and comfortable to sit on. 
’No doubt this chair is exclusively for Ashton Heath’, thought Joanna. ’It is indeed very comfortable.’ 
Upon seeing her sit in Ashton Heath’s chair, Rebecca Kelloway widened her eyes in shock and anger, "Ms. Joanna, Ashton doesn’t like anyone using his things without his permission." 
"How could you..." 
"Oh." Joanna Lawrence cut her off with a smile, took a drink of water from a cup on the desk without waiting for her to finish her sentence. 
Seeing Joanna Lawrence pick up Ashton’s cup and drink water, Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes widened even more. 
The surprise and anger in her eyes increased as well. 
"Ms. Joanna, how could you touch other people’s belongings without asking," Rebecca Kelloway was so angry it seemed like her own belongings had been touched, her expression darkened considerably, "Ashton is a clean freak. Drinking water from his cup without his knowledge, he will get mad." 
"You are seriously lacking in manners and etiquette." 
"A clean freak?" Joanna Lawrence looked like she had heard the funniest joke in the world. Looking at Rebecca Kelloway’s frustrated expression, she leisurely took another sip of water, then feigned surprise, "Ms. Kelloway, are you sure my husband is a clean freak?" 
The word "husband" sounded incredibly harsh. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face darkened, "Of course, I’ve known Ashton for over twenty years. I know him very well."
###Chapter 549: Chapter 548: You know in your heart whether Ashton loves you or not
"Then the Ashton Heath I know may be quite different from the one Ms. Kelloway knows." Joanna Lawrence deliberately made a very surprised and puzzled expression, tilting her head and furrowing her brows lightly as she spoke, "I don’t think he has a cleanliness obsession. People with cleanliness obsessions don’t like to kiss, right? But he likes to kiss me all the time." 
"Every time I apply lipstick, it’s gone in no time because he ate it." 
Rebecca Kelloway: "..." 
"Could it be that he has two different standards for his own family and outsiders?" Joanna Lawrence deliberately emphasized the word "outsiders" while speaking with an innocent face, as if she was truly confused. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face changed several times, clenching her fists in embarrassment and anger: "Joanna Lawrence, do you think I would believe your words? Ashton doesn’t like you at all. He married you for his illness. Lying to me is useless, I won’t believe you." 
"Hehe." Joanna Lawrence laughed, "Ms. Kelloway, why should I lie? Does it matter if my husband likes me or not, as you said? Do you think that I, as his wife, don’t understand his feelings for me as well as an outsider like you do?" 
"If deceiving yourself like this makes you feel better, then think whatever you want." 
"As long as I know that my husband loves me very much, that’s enough." 
Joanna Lawrence was doing it on purpose. 
She knew what Rebecca Kelloway was most bothered by, so she deliberately said these things to anger her. 
As expected, Rebecca Kelloway’s face was unbearable to look at after hearing these words. 
"Ms. Joanna, the phrase ’deceive oneself and others’ should be given to you." Rebecca Kelloway’s chest heaved rapidly, as if she was extremely angry, but in the end, she held back, her clenched fingers curling into a cold smile, "You know in your heart whether Ashton loves you or not. There’s no use in trying to get the better of me with words; everyone can see what the truth is." 
Joanna Lawrence also sneered: "The truth is, Ashton was infatuated with my beauty, loved me at first sight, and then fell madly in love with me. Ms. Kelloway, arguing with me is useless, as I know the truth better than anyone."
"Heh, you..." Rebecca Kelloway hooked an ironic smile as she was about to retort when she suddenly saw a tall figure standing outside the door. 
With a creak, the office door was pushed open. 
When Joanna Lawrence saw Ashton Heath in a suit and leather shoes walking in from outside, she was completely dumbfounded. 
Wasn’t he supposed to be in a meeting? 
Hadn’t Cody Aberton said that his meeting would end in an hour? 
So when did he come here? 
Did he hear everything she just said? 
As soon as she thought of that possibility, Joanna Lawrence wished she could dig a hole and hide herself in it immediately. 
This was simply too shameful. 
It was only because he was not around that she had deliberately said those things to anger Rebecca Kelloway. 
She had just said that he was infatuated with her beauty, love at first sight... 
Just as Joanna Lawrence was feeling incredibly embarrassed and worried about being slapped in the face by Ashton Heath, the man walked up to her and stopped, looking at the petite girl sitting in the black leather chair with a faint darkness in his eyes. 
His chair was very large. 
When she sat in it, she appeared very small, making her look especially delicate. 
And from his standing perspective, all he had to do was lower his head to see the girl’s half-hidden softness and the barely visible red kiss marks under her long hair. 
The man’s eyes darkened as his gaze inadvertently became even more intense.
###Chapter 550: Chapter 549: The Deadly Seduction
He imagined how it would feel if he were to press her down on this black leather chair... 
What kind of sensation would that be? 
Just thinking about it, his body already responded with interest. 
"Ashton Heath...what are you...?" Joanna Lawrence didn’t know what the man beside her was thinking. Her eyes widened, a hint of panic flashed at the bottom of her eyes, along with a touch of embarrassment as if she were caught red-handed doing something bad. 
"Cody Aberton said you’re at the company now." 
Ashton Heath put aside those beastly thoughts in his mind, lowered his gaze, and looked tenderly at the girl who was looking panicky at him, "So I came to see." 
"Is, is that so?" Joanna blinked and thought about the lies she had just told, she became extremely uncomfortable. 
He must have heard it. 
He heard how she fabricated lies to boast about how much he loved her, talking with his childhood sweethearts. 
But he didn’t seem to want to expose her. 
Was he going to leave her some dignity? 
"Mm-hmm." Ashton Heath seemed not to see the other person standing in the office. From the moment he entered, his gaze was fixed only on Joanna, and he only spoke to her. 
"Cody said that you bought cake for him. He just tasted it and said it was delicious. Where’s my share? I want to try some too." Ashton Heath’s thin lips showed a faint smile, and he reached out to her, demanding cake. 
Although Joanna wasn’t sure if he genuinely didn’t see Rebecca Kelloway or just ignored her on purpose, his way of treating Rebecca as an invisible person was extremely comforting to her. 
She glanced at Rebecca, who was not far behind Ashton Heath. 
Rebecca’s face was already extremely terrible. 
"Of course you have a share." Joanna felt happy and decided to add fuel to the fire, making Rebecca’s anger and jealousy burn more fiercely. 
She picked up a cake bag from the table, curved her lips, and said sweetly, "I didn’t know what flavor you like, so I bought the one I usually like. It’s strawberry flavor. If you don’t like it..." 
"I like it." 
Not waiting for her to finish, Ashton Heath took the cake bag from her hand, took out a Strawberry Mousse Cake from inside. 
He lowered his eyes and looked at Joanna tenderly, passing her the spoon from the cake, "Feed me." 
Joanna: "..." 
When Ashton Heath used a coquettish tone to ask her to feed him, her heart felt as if it had been electrocuted, suddenly beating so fast. 
Looking at the handsome and icy man in front of her, who seemed full of restraint, her heart pounded wildly. 
An Ashton Heath who would act coquettishly towards her was just too tempting. 
A fatal temptation. 
Simply irresistible. 
"Baby." Seeing that she had no reaction, Ashton Heath’s thin lips curved, and he stuffed the spoon into her hand with an even more alluring, low voice, "Feed me." 
As she met his deep, ocean-like black eyes, Joanna felt as if there was an abyss at the bottom of his eyes that almost sucked her soul away. 
Her mind went blank all of a sudden, as if seduced by his voice, and she unconsciously scooped a spoonful of cake and fed it to his lips. 
Ashton Heath chuckled low in his throat, opened his mouth, and gently bit the pink spoon, then finished the cake in the spoon bit by bit, making Joanna’s face flush and her heartbeat quicken.
###Chapter 551: Chapter 550: Please don’t do this, okay?
Joanna Lawrence’s small face, already flushed, turned even redder in an instant. 
Even her small, delicate ears were a bit red. 
This man’s way of eating cake...was too seductive and attractive. 
Especially when he was eating the cake, his gaze never left her. Joanna felt as if he wasn’t eating the cake, but her instead. 
Thinking of this made her heart beat faster. 
Her face was getting hotter. 
What was even more embarrassing was that some cake got onto the corner of his mouth when she was feeding him, and this man had the audacity to lick it clean. 
The action of him licking the cake was as seductive as it could be. 
Truly enticing. 
Joanna suspected that he was doing this on purpose. 
"It’s delicious," Ashton Heath slowly licked the cake from the corner of his mouth, took a gentle bite on the pink spoon, his voice husky, "Baby, continue feeding me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Could he really not see Rebecca Kelloway, who was about to blow up in anger. 
If she continued to feed him, the anger in Rebecca’s eyes could probably kill her. 
"Ashton..." 
A trembling voice broke the momentarily romantic atmosphere. 
Joanna turned her head and saw Rebecca with tears welling up in her eyes. She looked extremely pitiful and sad, and tears were shining in her eyes when she looked at Ashton Heath. 
She opened her mouth, choking back tears: "Are you still angry with me? I know I was wrong that day. I shouldn’t have said unpleasant things and insulted Joanna’s brother without knowing the truth." 
"I know I was wrong." 
"I am willing to apologize to Joanna, and I will do anything as long as you forgive me." 
"But please, can you not act like this, I really can’t bear it." 
Ashton Heath turned his head, looking at her pitiful and submissive appearance. His face showed no sign of emotion, and his voice was ice cold: "What are you doing here? Haven’t I already told you? I don’t have time to see you today." 
His cold attitude was miles away from the gentle and doting behavior he showed towards Joanna just now. 
When he looked at Joanna, his eyes were full of affection and his gaze was so concentrated and passionate it could make one drunk. 
But when he looked at Rebecca, his eyes were filled with nothing but indifference. 
There was even a hint of detachment. 
His attitude almost led Rebecca to collapse. 
The tears that had been brimming in the corners of her eyes finally slid down her cheek. 
She cried pitifully, her eyes full of hurt: "Ashton, do you really need to do this? You said you didn’t have time for me, but you took a break from an important meeting as soon as you heard Joanna was here." 
"Is this your definition of ’no time’?" 
"You have time to see her but not me? Are you actually too busy, or you just don’t want to see me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
It seems that liking someone can really lower one’s IQ. 
Rebecca Kelloway was a clever woman. 
But, she asked a question that was so obviously the answer. 
Did she want Ashton Heath to directly say he didn’t want to see her to be satisfied?
However, from Ashton Heath’s words just now, did Rebecca tell him in advance that she was coming to the Heath Group before she arrived? 
And was rejected by him because he was "too busy"? 
Thinking of this, a hint of joy emerged from Joanna Lawrence’s heart, and she suddenly wanted to reward Ashton Heath with a kiss. 
Well, it seems she has a very self-conscious husband.
###Chapter 552: Chapter 551: I Can’t Stand Being Ignored by Her
"Ashton..." 
A trembling voice sounded. 
Joanna Lawrence turned her head and saw Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes reddened, looking very aggrieved and sad, her tear-filled eyes staring at Ashton Heath. 
She spoke, choking back tears: "Are you still mad at me? I know it was my fault that day, I shouldn’t have said those hurtful words to humiliate Joanna’s brother before knowing the whole truth." 
"I know I was wrong." 
"I’m willing to apologize to Joanna, just as long as you forgive me, I’ll do anything." 
"But, please don’t treat me like this, I really can’t take it." 
Ashton Heath turned his head and looked at her pitiful and submissive appearance, his face expressionless and his voice cold as he said: "What are you doing here? Didn’t I tell you that I don’t have time to see you today?" 
His cold attitude was a far cry from the tenderness and indulgence he showed towards Joanna just a moment ago. 
When he looked at Joanna, his eyes were filled with tenderness, and his gaze was so focused and intense that it made one’s heart flutter. 
But when he faced Rebecca, his eyes revealed only indifference and coldness. 
There was even a hint of estrangement in his gaze. 
His attitude almost broke Rebecca. 
The tears that had been lingering at the corners of her eyes finally flowed down her cheeks.
She cried grievously, her eyes full of hurt: "Ashton, do you really have to be like this? You said you have no time to see me, but as soon as you heard Joanna was here, you interrupted an important meeting just to come and see her." 
"Is this what you call not having time?" 
"You have time to see her but not me? Is it really because you don’t have time, or is it because you don’t want to see me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
It seems that liking someone can indeed lower one’s intelligence. 
Rebecca was quite an intelligent woman. 
But she actually asked such an obvious question. 
Did she want Ashton to say outright that he didn’t want to see her before she would be satisfied? 
However, from what Ashton had just said, it seemed that Rebecca had contacted him before coming to the Heath Group? 
And then she was refused by him on the grounds that he had no time? 
Thinking about this, Joanna felt a hint of happiness deep in her heart. 
Well, it seemed she had a very conscientious husband. 
Without her intervention, he had already cut off all the unwanted affections around him. 
Even for Rebecca, an omnipresent figure in his life who had been there for more than twenty years, he didn’t hesitate to sever ties completely and decisively, without dragging his feet. 
Although, as a married man, this was what he should do. 
However, there weren’t many married men who could actively do this. 
He was especially conscientious in this regard. 
Just for this, Joanna felt he deserved a reward. 
Ashton Heath still looked indifferent at the tearful and red-eyed Rebecca. His voice was so cold and ruthless that even Joanna felt he was a bit too heartless: "Since you know I don’t want to see you, why did you come?" 
He spoke coldly to Rebecca while his hand gently stroked Joanna’s hair: "Joanna is my wife, I have time for her anytime. Rebecca, I don’t think I need to tell you the difference between a friend and a wife. There’s no need for you to compare yourself with Joanna, as you both hold different places in my heart." 
"And..." He ignored Rebecca’s increasingly pale face, and amidst her torrent of tears, he picked up a cup from the table, sipped water from the spot where Joanna’s lipstick mark remained, and continued: "In the future, don’t act like you know me so well in front of my wife. If she misunderstands, it will take me a long time to appease her. Although I don’t mind appeasing her, I can’t stand being ignored by her when she’s angry." 
"I am obsessive about cleanliness, but no one is like that with their own wife. Do you understand?" 
The cup on the table was white. 
Rebecca had noticed the lipstick mark on the rim earlier. 
When she saw Ashton deliberately press his lips against the lipstick mark left by Joanna, she felt as if she had been slapped in the face several times. 
It seemed as if she could hear the sound of slapping echoing in her ears. 
She suddenly realized that Ashton had heard everything she and Joanna had said earlier. 
He was showing with his actions that he didn’t mind at all. 
Rebecca’s greatest advantage in front of Joanna was her more than twenty years of friendship with Ashton. 
She and him were considered matching in social and economic status, childhood sweethearts. 
They were also regarded as the perfect couple in the eyes of others. 
Moreover, she was the only woman who had been able to get close to Ashton in the past twenty years. 
Other than her, there were no other women in Ashton Heath’s circle of friends. 
Even though he had never been particularly close to her, Rebecca was already very satisfied when compared to others. 
No matter how he treated her, she surpassed all other women just by having this unique connection with him. 
She always believed that no one knew Ashton Heath better than her. 
And yet, his words had just denied her understanding of him altogether. 
Whether he meant it or he said it deliberately to keep Joanna from misunderstanding, it didn’t make a difference to Rebecca. 
Either way, it felt like a stab to her heart. 
It was as if her heart had been slashed by a sharp blade, bleeding and aching. 
She knew Ashton too well. 
It was precisely because she understood him that she was now in so much pain. 
He really did like Joanna. 
He was so determined to protect her and not let her be wronged. 
But did he know how deeply he was hurting her as he defended the woman beside him?
###Chapter 553: Chapter 552: Have you investigated me?
Did he know how much pain his words would bring her? 
Her heart convulsed painfully as the ache spread throughout her body. Her eyes were bloodshot and pierced with tears, continuing to slide down her pale cheeks. 
"Ashton." Her voice trembled, tears like broken pearls seeping from her eyes non-stop. "Are you really going to defend her like this? You’ve only known her for such a short time, but you’re so dedicated to her. What about her?" 
"Are you sure her feelings for you are the same?" 
"She has a fiancé whom she’s known for a decade and their relationship is deep, almost reaching the point of marriage. Not long after she broke up with her fiancé, she came to be with you. Are you sure she didn’t just marry you on a whim? Are you sure she’s completely forgotten that man and is wholeheartedly in love with you?" 
"Ashton, you..." 
Ashton Heath’s face darkened, and his gaze turned cold. 
"Rebecca, did you investigate me?" Joanna had been silent all this time, thinking that Ashton should handle these matters while she simply observed from the side. 
After all, it was him who had attracted this flower after his for over twenty years. 
His relationship with this flower was somewhat special. 
Letting someone else handle it would not be quite appropriate. 
The most suitable person was him. 
His childhood sweetheart, his friend—no one was better at handling their relationship than him. 
However, when Joanna heard Rebecca mentioning her and David’s past, she couldn’t help but react. 
Her inner universe ignited, burning furiously. 
"What right do you have to investigate me? What does my past and my ex have to do with you? Also, what happens between my husband and me, whether I love him or not, has nothing to do with you. You are just his friend. After all, by our relationship status, you are just a stranger. You have no right to interfere in our marriage." 
"As a single woman, why are you constantly staring at someone else’s husband? Don’t you think you’re quite ridiculous?" 
In a fit of anger, Joanna hadn’t thought about the consequences of her words. 
She didn’t have time to worry about Ashton’s relationship with Rebecca anymore. 
Rebecca had really gone too far. 
She had even investigated Joanna! 
Moreover, she attempted to discredit their relationship in front of them, especially while her husband was around. 
This was unbearable to her. 
Wouldn’t any woman be unable to endure having such a scheming "childhood sweetheart" for her husband? 
Moreover, this "childhood sweetheart" was blatantly ogling her husband. 
This was even more intolerable for her. 
It took Rebecca a few seconds to process what had just happened, probably not expecting Joanna to lash out right in front of Ashton. 
The first thing she did was to watch Ashton’s reaction. 
This woman, who normally acted pure and obedient in front of him, finally lost her composure and showed her true colors. 
Would Ashton still like her after seeing her true self? 
Rebecca’s gloating didn’t even last three seconds, her face freezing in place. 
She didn’t see any sign of Ashton disliking Joanna. 
On the contrary, his lips even revealed a touch of indulgence and pampering. 
It seemed like Ashton agreed with Joanna’s words. 
He was so infatuated with this woman to this extent. 
It didn’t matter what her true character was like? 
Rebecca’s face turned deathly white, her lips tightly pursed, and her body trembling involuntarily.
###Chapter 554: Chapter 553: The Woman Beside Him is His
"Am I an outsider? I’ve known Ashton for over twenty years, and our relationship is far beyond that of ordinary friends. I care about my friend, and I’m not at ease with him just casually marrying a woman. I’m afraid he’ll be deceived, so I investigated you." 
"Is there anything wrong with what I did?" 
"Weren’t you just attracted to Ashton’s status, coveting the position of the young lady of the Heath family, that’s why you married him so quickly?! Joanna Lawrence, stop pretending, you may be able to deceive Ashton, but you can’t deceive me." 
At this moment, Rebecca Kelloway finally broke down. 
All her pretenses have collapsed. 
Realizing that Ashton Heath truly had feelings for Joanna Lawrence and that she might not have a chance, she completely fell apart. 
"You don’t even love Ashton." Rebecca cried out in despair, "You don’t deserve Ashton treating you so well. Joanna, what right do you have to make him treat you like this?" 
"Simply because she’s my wife, the woman I like." 
Before Joanna could think of a response, Ashton Heath put his arm around her shoulder, his warm hand firmly and possessively pressing on her shoulder, as if declaring their relationship to others. 
This woman by his side was his. 
Looking at Rebecca, tears streaming down her face and her emotions obviously on the verge of collapse, Ashton Heath’s brows furrowed, but in the end, he softened a little. After a few seconds of silence, he calmly said, "Rebecca, this is the last time I will say these words to you." 
"I don’t take my marriage lightly, and Joanna is not some random woman I picked. She’s the woman I decided to spend the rest of my life with. No one else will be considered for the position of the young lady of the Heath family." 
"Also, this is my final warning to you. Our affairs aren’t the business of anyone else, least of all yours. If you do something similar under the pretext of having my best interests at heart again, don’t blame me for being rude." 
"Even the closest friends should not cross the line and interfere in things they should not. This time, for the sake of our past friendship, I won’t hold it against you. But if there’s a next time, no matter who it is, I will deal with them accordingly." 
"Furthermore, Joanna is my wife, the woman I care about. Anyone who treats her poorly is treating me poorly. You should be clear on what can and cannot be said." 
"Don’t force me to sever our many years of friendship personally, and don’t force me to take action against you." 
Rebecca opened her mouth, tears streaming down her cheeks, rolling down her lips and into the gaps between them. 
She tasted the salty bitterness of her tears. 
Her heart ached so much she could hardly breathe. 
He was warning her. 
In front of another person, he said these heartless and cruel words to her, trampling her pride and dignity underfoot. 
Without leaving any face for her. 
The past friendship and more than two decades of companionship meant nothing to him. 
In his eyes, there was only Joanna Lawrence. 
Even if that woman’s time with him was not even a fraction of hers. 
Even if that woman was with him for her interests. 
Even if that woman’s sincerity towards him was not even a fraction of hers... 
Yet he could do it for that woman, ruthlessly cutting her heart with one knife after another. 
He really... didn’t care about her at all.
###Chapter 555: Chapter 554: I Can Do Anything
She originally thought that with all those years of friendship, no matter what, she had a place in his heart. 
But it wasn’t until this moment that she realized she had been wrong. 
Totally wrong. 
Suddenly, Rebecca Kelloway felt a strong hatred. 
Clearly, she was the one who knew him best, suited him the most, and loved him most sincerely. 
She had loved him for over twenty years. 
From the beginning of love at first sight to the lasting affection for more than two decades, her love for him almost bordered on obsession, 
even though he never gave her a single sign of reciprocation. 
In her heart, she still harbored hope and expectation. 
She thought that someday, he would notice her goodness and be moved by her. 
He would also realize that only she was the best match for him, Ashton Heath. 
They were born to be a couple. 
No matter when he planned to get married, the bride he would choose in the end must be her. 
With such hope and expectation, she accompanied him silently by his side. 
As long as the final result was sweet, what did it matter if the journey was difficult and tortuous? 
But now, all her hopes and expectations had been shattered. 
He suddenly got married, had a wife, and that person was not her, Rebecca Kelloway. 
Instead, it was a low-born, unknown actress, whom he had known for less than a month. 
How could she accept this? 
She really hated it so much. 
"Cody Aberton." Ashton Heath pressed the intercom, his cold and ruthless voice word by word reached Rebecca Kelloway’s ears, "Come here, escort Ms. Kelloway out." 
Upon hanging up, Ashton Heath looked up and coldly stared at Rebecca Kelloway, who had cried herself into a mess, mercilessly issuing a guest dismissal order, "I asked Cody Aberton to take you down. In the future, don’t come to the company to look for me if there is nothing particularly important." 
"I’ll be very busy during this time and won’t have time to receive you." 
"No time to receive me?" Rebecca Kelloway suddenly sneered, her lips curling mockingly, her eyes filled with hatred as she looked at Joanna Lawrence, "But if Joanna Lawrence wants to see you, you always have time, right?" 
Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed, his expression slightly impatient: "As I said, you two are not the same." 
"Right, you’ve said that..." As Rebecca wiped away her tears, she spoke sarcastically, "I didn’t know that it would turn out like this. If I had known back then, I would have..." 
She stopped in the middle of her sentence, her lips curled with mockery once again. 
Stretching out her hand, she painstakingly wiped away the teardrops and tear stains on her face: "Ashton, since we were young, you should know my feelings for you. Everything I do is for your good, for you, I can do anything." 
"In this world, anyone can hurt you, but I won’t." 
"Joanna Lawrence, she..." 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at Joanna Lawrence, her lips curling with scorn, "Sooner or later, you will know who truly loves you, and some people are just using you for your status and wealth." 
Ashton Heath frowned, about to lose his temper, but Joanna Lawrence spoke before him: "Miss Kelloway, are you implying that the only reason I’m with Ashton Heath is because of his status and power?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes filled with disdain: "Otherwise, you and Ashton have only known each other for a short time, so how much could you possibly know about each other? Or did you marry him just for love?" 
"Of course not." Joanna Lawrence immediately denied. 
Rebecca Kelloway was taken aback, her face revealing a look of surprise.
###Chapter 556: Chapter 555: I Did It For His Face
It seemed like she hadn’t expected that response. 
Joanna Lawrence could feel that the moment her words fell, the pressure around the man beside her suddenly dropped. 
The hand resting on her head clearly stiffened, and the stroking motion slowly came to a halt. 
Cold air emanated from her side. 
In the heat of summer, she suddenly felt a chilling coldness. 
She pursed her lips and smiled, addressing Rebecca Kelloway’s astonished and puzzled gaze, calmly and slowly speaking her next words: "Compared to money and power, I think it’s his face and body that attract me more." 
"Ms. Kelloway, if you think that Ashton Heath and I are together just because of his money and power, don’t you think that’s belittling his personal charm? Don’t you think that with such a good-looking face, other things don’t matter?" 
"If you insist that I covet him for something, then it’s him as a person." 
"Don’t you think it’s a particularly happy thing to marry a man who is perfect in both appearance and figure and beyond reproach? Every day when I open my eyes and see such a handsome face, I can’t help but feel wonderful. Even if we have to eat porridge and steamed buns every day, I’m satisfied." 
The hand that had been still for a moment on top of her head was no longer so stiff, and the oppressive low pressure that made it difficult to breathe gradually disappeared. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face showed astonishment once again. 
Her face changed over and over, filled with a sense of shame and anger after being played. 
"Joanna Lawrence, you..." 
"So please don’t say that I’m with him just because of his money and status in the future. I’m telling you now, it’s because of his face. For a ’face-loving’ person like me, nothing is more important than a good face. Do you understand?" 
Rebecca Kelloway couldn’t possibly believe that Joanna was with Ashton Heath just for his face. 
This woman was just being manipulative! 
But she saw Ashton Heath’s face had softened, and the corners of his lips had even drawn into an indulgent smile. Unable to help herself, Rebecca blurted out, "Ashton, she’s lying, you can’t..." 
"Enough." 
Ashton Heath’s gaze turned to her, his eyes becoming cold, and the coldness around him gathered again: "Rebecca Kelloway, you may leave. Our marital matters are none of your concern." 
"Ashton, I..." 
"I don’t want to repeat the same words a third time." The patience in Ashton Heath’s eyes gradually wore thin, his voice grew colder, and he didn’t even bother to give face, "Get out." 
His tone was almost equivalent to expulsion. 
Rebecca Kelloway had lost all her dignity and face, all in front of Joanna Lawrence. Her face turned pale, and tears streamed down her cheeks. 
At that moment, the office door was pushed open. 
Cody Aberton walked in just in time. 
Seeing Rebecca Kelloway’s tear-streaked face, he hesitated for a moment before quickly recovering and turning to greet: "President Ashton, Ms. Joanna." 
Ashton Heath did not look at Rebecca Kelloway again, coldly saying, "Take Ms. Kelloway out." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
It was then that Cody Aberton turned around and looked at Rebecca Kelloway’s swollen, tearful eyes. Sighing inwardly, he bent over and gestured for her to leave, "Ms. Kelloway, please." 
He knew it would end like this. 
Considering the extent to which President Ashton cherished Ms. Joanna, no one else stood a chance. 
What did it matter if they were childhood sweethearts?
###Chapter 557: Chapter 556: I Will Never Be a Threat to You
She isn’t as important as his wife. 
Had Rebecca Kelloway been smarter, they could have continued to get along and remain friends. 
But clearly, she’s lost her reason this time. 
Cody Aberton has never seen anyone fuss with President Ashton and come out on top. 
No, wait. 
There hasn’t been anyone in the past, but now there’s a Ms. Joanna. 
However, Rebecca is not Ms. Joanna. 
So, Mr. Ashton will not indulge her. 
Mr. Ashton’s patience and good temper are reserved for Ms. Joanna. 
Biting her lip, Rebecca’s pale face was once again wet with tears; before leaving, she cast a deep, hateful look at Joanna Lawrence. 
* 
Once Cody and Rebecca left, Ashton Heath pulled up the chair and held Joanna in his arms. 
"I didn’t know she was coming." he volunteered to explain why Rebecca appeared here. "An hour ago, she told me she was coming to see me, but I refused. I didn’t think she would still come." 
"What did she say to you when I wasn’t around?" 
The man lowered his deep black eyes, revealing a hint of tension that wasn’t easy to detect. 
"Didn’t you hear everything?" Joanna blinked, leaned against his chest, and listened to his strong heartbeat, joking, "You said you’ve already rejected her; she should understand your meaning. But I don’t think she does." 
"Did you lie to me?" 
"No." Ashton replied without hesitation. "I will never lie to you. Every word I say to you is true. I did reject her. But I can’t control her thoughts and decisions." 
"All I know is, no matter what she thinks, it doesn’t concern me. My wife will only be you. No one else is worthy of being a young lady of the Heath family." 
When the man’s dark and gentle gaze stared into her eyes, Joanna heard her heartbeat speed up. 
"Did you really never like Rebecca before?" She hesitated for a few seconds before asking curiously. 
From her perspective as a woman, Joanna thought Rebecca was indeed outstanding. 
She is the kind of woman who can easily win men’s hearts. 
With a beautiful appearance, a privileged background and a degree from a prestigious university, she was also a renowned fashion designer. 
In every aspect, she seems well-matched for Ashton Heath. 
Not to mention, they grew up together. 
Ashton never had feelings for her? 
Actually, Joanna was just curious when asking these questions. 
She had no other intentions. 
But Ashton detected a hint of testing him and immediately clarified their relationship. He firmly denied, "No, she’s not my type. I have only friendly feelings for her." 
"She’s not your type?" Joanna was somewhat surprised by this answer and became even more curious. "Someone with her qualifications is almost perfect, yet you don’t like her? Then what type do you like?" 
As soon as she asked, she felt a scorching gaze falling on her head. 
"Baby, you’re my type." Ashton pinched her chin, raised it slightly, and his caring, passionate eyes met hers. "I waited more than twenty years to find you, don’t you understand my feelings? Don’t worry, Rebecca will never be a threat to you." 
A blush crept onto Joanna’s face: "I—I wasn’t worried..." 
Who said she was worried about Rebecca?
###Chapter 558: Chapter 557: It Starts with Looks, but It’s Definitely Not Just About Looks
"If I like someone, I would have made a move a long time ago. Keeping my distance is not my style." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She couldn’t argue with that. 
He was indeed a man of action. 
Otherwise, they wouldn’t have gotten married on the same day they first met. 
It seems that he really didn’t like Rebecca Kelloway after all. 
But to say that she was his type? 
Joanna didn’t quite believe it. 
Not because she lacked self-confidence, but because when she and Ashton Heath got together, it wasn’t because they liked each other. 
She was doing it for Jeremy Lawrence. 
He... was doing it because of his strange condition. 
In the beginning, this was just a marriage of convenience for both of them.
Gradually, however, this marriage, based on their respective interests, seemed to change. 
From being ready to divorce at any time, she began to have hope for this marriage. 
And from being an outsider at first, she began to genuinely accept her married status and a husband named Ashton Heath. 
"Do you have any other questions?" The man’s slender fingers playfully tapped her nose. "You can ask me anything you want. I’ll answer everything, except what I don’t know." 
His candid demeanor left Joanna with no desire to ask more questions. 
Besides being curious about what just happened, she really had no other questions. 
She shook her head: "I don’t have any more questions." 
"Are you sure?" Ashton Heath seemed regretful. "You can think again; don’t you have anything else to ask me?" 
"It seems like there’s one question..." 
"Hmm?" 
"Ashton Heath, what exactly do you like about me?" Joanna asked seriously. "Did you fall for my beauty, and was it my looks that won you over?" 
After all, other than her looks, she didn’t have any other shining traits. 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He suddenly recalled the words Joanna had said to Rebecca Kelloway earlier. 
She said that she was with him because of his face. 
Even if he knew she might be making it up, at this moment, he still wanted to know what she really thought. 
Joanna was taken aback: "I asked you first..." 
"Yes, it started with your looks, but it’s definitely not just about your looks." Ashton Heath answered her question. "There are too many specifics that I can’t mention, but you are my type." 
"I knew it from the moment I saw you." 
He never hid his feelings from her. 
It wasn’t the first time he told her he liked her. 
But at this moment, Joanna felt moved. 
Facing such a man, even if he confessed to her a thousand or ten thousand times, she would still be moved by it, wouldn’t she? 
Who could resist such a man, full of irresistible charm? 
"I’ve answered, now it’s your turn." Ashton Heath pinched her delicate chin, seemingly indifferent on the surface, but inside, a deep, hidden nervousness and anticipation emerged. 
He was waiting for her answer. 
At this moment, his emotions were quite complicated. 
He was a bit afraid that her answer wouldn’t be what he wanted to hear. 
But he was also very curious about how she would respond. 
"I..." Joanna opened her mouth, but before she could say more, a sudden knock on the door interrupted her. 
Cody Aberton’s voice came from outside: "President Ashton, should we continue the meeting? Everyone is still waiting for you in the Conference Room." 
The sudden knock on the door made Ashton Heath feel a little displeased. He had wanted to call off the meeting without a care but, thinking about all the issues that needed to be addressed, he furrowed his brows. The strong arm that had been wrapped around Joanna’s waist slowly loosened.
###Chapter 559: Chapter 558: Except for Ms. Joanna, do not allow anyone else to come up.
"I still have to go to a meeting." He looked extremely reluctant, as if being forced to do something against his will, his voice low and muffled, "Think about that question from earlier, and let me know when you’ve figured it out." 
Because he hadn’t spoken, outside the door, Cody Aberton knocked again, raising his voice a bit, "President Ashton, are you there?" 
Usually, Cody would just push the door and enter. 
But now, he dared not. 
Who knew what President Ashton was doing in the office with Ms. Joanna. 
He definitely wouldn’t want to get in trouble. 
With a "click," the tightly closed door was pulled open. 
Cody looked up and saw Ashton Heath walk out with his eyes half-closed, the displeasure hidden in his gaze making him feel nervous. 
He swallowed nervously, "President Ashton." 
"Hmph." 
Ashton Heath expressionlessly walked past him, a very faint hum coming from his nose. 
Cody: "..." 
President Ashton seemed to be angry, very angry. 
Did he really interrupt President Ashton having an intimate moment with Ms. Joanna in the office earlier? 
With this thought, Cody became even more nervous, feeling his life was miserable and that soon he might be sent to the border of some country to dig for coal. 
He hurriedly followed with small steps, explaining in a low voice and a bitter smile, "President Ashton, Manager Joshua Ranson sent me over. He said there are a few very important documents that need your personal approval." 
So, it wasn’t his fault. 
He was innocent. 
If someone had to dig coal, just send Manager Ranson. 
Walking to the Conference Room, Ashton Heath’s footsteps paused, and Cody’s little heart also paused. 
He cautiously asked, "President Ashton?" 
Ashton Heath turned around, his gaze oppressive as he looked at him. When his cold eyes fell upon him, Cody almost dared not breathe. 
"In the future, without my permission, no one other than Ms. Joanna is allowed to come up here. And no one is allowed to casually enter my office. If anything goes wrong again, you can go dig coal in Fronterra." 
Cody, who was always worried about being sent to Fronterra to dig coal: "..." 
* 
Rebecca Kelloway left Heath Group and drove to a bar. 
The staff at the bar recognized her, and as soon as she got out of the car, someone came forward to greet her. 
"Ms. Kelloway." The employee respectfully ushered her into the bar, and she sat down at a bar counter, ordering several drinks in one breath. 
She drank and cried. 
Noticing this, the bartender cautiously asked, "Ms. Kelloway, are you unhappy?" 
Rebecca Kelloway was a regular at this bar. 
She had never been so distressed during her previous visits. 
The bartender looked at her tearful face, both curious and puzzled. 
Ms. Rebecca from the noble Kelloway family possessed both talent and beauty, and she always got what she wanted. 
Who could make her this heartbroken? 
Rebecca took a sip of her cocktail, raised her head, and looked resentfully at the bartender. After a few seconds, she suddenly got up, bent over, and leaned close to the bartender, her warm breath brushing against his face.
The bartender was taken aback, and then his face turned red, panickedly shouting, "Ms. Kelloway." 
Rebecca looked at his flustered appearance, scoffed, and exhaled a warm breath on the bartender’s face, her eyes seductive, "Do you think I’m beautiful?" 
The bartender was taken aback again. 
He glanced at the extremely stunning face in front of him, his heart racing, and stammered, "Ms. Kelloway, very, very beautiful."
###Chapter 560: Chapter 559: What am I to him in his eyes?
"Really?" Rebecca Kelloway sneered again. 
The bartender nodded heavily, as if afraid she wouldn’t believe him, and said excitedly, "It’s true. Of all the women I’ve ever seen, Ms. Kelloway, you are the most beautiful." 
Upon hearing the words "most beautiful," Rebecca’s expression changed suddenly as she picked up another cocktail from the table and downed it in one go. 
"So, do you like me then?" After finishing her drink, Rebecca gave a seductive smile and pinched the bartender’s cheek. 
"Ms. Kelloway, you..." The bartender stared at her blankly. The young bartender had no resistance to Rebecca, the ideal beauty. He was overjoyed, thinking she had taken a liking to him, and his face immediately beamed with delight. 
He quickly replied, "I like you, of course, I do. You are every man’s goddess; there’s no one who doesn’t like you." 
"Really? No man would dislike me?" Rebecca’s face showed a sudden realization. However, thinking of Ashton Heath’s indifference and ruthlessness, her eyes welled up with tears again. 
Every man would like her. 
Except him. 
But aside from him, whose affection did she care for? 
She only wanted his love. 
But he already had another woman in his heart. 
For that woman, he could wound her heart until it bled and not care in the slightest. 
He wouldn’t care how much pain she was in. 
Nor would he care how badly she was hurt. 
Even her more than twenty years of sincerity and emotional investment, he could disregard completely. 
Only because he had fallen in love with a woman named Joanna Lawrence. 
She knew that at this point, she should let him go gracefully and leave with her pride intact. 
As the daughter of the Kelloway family, she had been the of envy and admiration from all since she was young. 
She was a winner in the eyes of others. 
How could someone like her cling to a man without any regard for her dignity? 
If others knew about this, she didn’t know what they would think. 
Ms. Rebecca couldn’t stoop so low as to chase after a man. 
It really was unbearable, though. 
She was snatched away without a word. 
By the time she realized everything, it was already too late. 
He skipped the process of falling in love and directly married that woman. 
Suddenly, he had a wife. 
Suddenly, he became someone else’s husband. 
And then he started to distance himself from her, drawing a clear line. 
"Every man would like me, so why doesn’t he? Why does he prefer a woman he’s known for less than a month to me?" 
"What am I in his eyes?" 
"Why can he marry such a woman without even considering me?" 
She really couldn’t accept this. 
She couldn’t willingly give up to such a woman. 
She hated herself. 
She hated herself for not being more proactive, for guarding her pitiful pride, waiting passively for the day when he might fall in love with her and confess first. 
If she had been willing to swallow her pride and pursue him actively then. 
Maybe she wouldn’t have lost him. 
Although she didn’t know if regretting now would be too late, she genuinely couldn’t let go and couldn’t do it. 
Over twenty years of feelings. 
Asking her to let go was like cutting out a piece of her heart. 
Although it wouldn’t kill her immediately, it would make her hurt unbearably. 
"Ms. Kelloway, you shouldn’t drink anymore." The bartender, seeing her continuously downing cocktails, worriedly said, "You’ve already had a lot. If you keep going like this, you’ll get drunk."
###Chapter 561: Chapter 560: The Only Heir of the Parker Family
"Just get drunk then." Rebecca Kelloway swirled the dark blue liquid in her glass and sneered, "I just want to get drunk now, and then... it won’t hurt so much. More drinks, give me two more." 
She downed the drink in her hand in one gulp and raised the empty glass for the bartender to refill. 
The bartender hesitated, wearing a hesitant expression. 
This Ms. Rebecca was not your ordinary person. 
If she got drunk and something happened, their bar couldn’t bear the responsibility. 
As a small bartender, he could bear even less responsibility. 
As the bartender hesitated, Rebecca became impatient and yelled, "Give me the drink, quickly. What are you waiting for, do you think I don’t have money to pay you?" 
She lowered her head, rummaged through her bag for her wallet stuffed with various cards, pulled out a gold card and threw it on the bar counter with a snap: "There’s plenty of money in this card, give me the drink!" 
The bartender looked distressed: "Ms. Kelloway, if you drink more, you really will get drunk." 
The bartender was worried Rebecca would drink too much and cause trouble. 
But he was also afraid of offending Ms. Rebecca. 
Just as the bartender was struggling with whether or not to give her a drink, he suddenly caught a glimpse of a familiar figure, his face couldn’t help but light up, and he immediately called out respectfully: "Mr. Parker." 
"Rebecca, what are you doing?" 
Frank Parker was dressed in black, his shirt slightly open at the chest, hands in his trouser pockets, and frowning as he stood behind Rebecca. 
Under the lights, the black diamond earring he was wearing in his earlobe sparkled. 
With his casual and unfettered demeanor, he exuded a captivating charm with the slightly effeminate beauty of his handsome face. 
Wherever he stood, he was like a walking, talking, human pheromone dispenser. 
As soon as he appeared, all the women in the bar looked towards him, their faces involuntarily wearing excited and ecstatic expressions. 
"Wow, it’s Mr. Parker." 
"Mr. Parker is so handsome, his face and body are simply perfect. He’s even better looking than male celebrities." 
"The important thing is that he’s soooo rich. He’s the only heir to the Parker family, and he’ll have the entire Parker Group to himself in the future. Do you know how rich the Parker family is? The income of ten top celebrities combined is not enough to even get a glance from them." 
"Whoever can marry a man like Mr. Parker, who comes from such a prominent family and is so handsome, is truly blessed with good fortune from a previous life." 
"I don’t think so. I heard that his temper is not very good, he’s even abusive to women when he’s angry. And moreover..." One woman lowered her voice, mysteriously whispering to her companion, "I heard that he almost killed a classmate in his childhood. If it weren’t for his underage status and the Parker family’s clout, he would definitely have gone to jail. The classmate he beat into a vegetative state, it is said, has never woken up." 
"Really? Is his temper that bad?" 
"It’s true, one of my friends was in the same school as him. He was said to be like a madman at the time, covered in blood from beating someone, and still wouldn’t let go. If it wasn’t for the teacher who arrived in time to hold him back, he would have killed the person." 
"My friend said that he seems to have some kind of disease that makes it impossible for him to control his emotions once he has an episode. Anyway, he’s usually quite nice, but when he’s angry, he’s very scary. Although he’s very rich and good-looking, being with a man who can’t even control his own emotions would be terrifying, right? You’d have to live in constant fear, and it would put a lot of pressure on your life together."
###Chapter 562: Chapter 561: Who are you to control me!
"But..." Another woman glanced at Frank Parker with a blush on her face, her eyes sparkling seductively, "He’s so handsome, even if he has a bit of a personality flaw, it’s still acceptable, right? If I could marry him, I wouldn’t mind if he hit me a few times." 
"...You’re hopeless." 
Frank had long been accustomed to the attention and discussion of others. He didn’t pay attention to the women peeking at and discussing him. His cold and gloomy gaze fell on the empty glasses on the bar counter, and his face darkened. 
His eyes were filled with suppressed anger, "You’ve been drinking? Rebecca, who told you to come to the bar alone and drink so much?" 
"Frank, how did you get here?" Rebecca heard his voice, hesitated for a moment, and then slowly turned her head. 
Seeing Frank’s gloomy face and the anger in his eyes, she hesitated again, then curled the corner of her mouth and chuckled softly, "You’ve arrived just in time. It’s boring drinking alone. Join me." 
"You’ve been crying?" Frank noticed her red, swollen eyes, hesitated, and frowned deeply. 
He didn’t want to ask who had made Rebecca cry. 
Only one person had ever made Rebecca cry. 
If it were someone else, he would find that person and teach him a lesson. 
And then make that person stay away from Rebecca. 
But if that person was Ashton Heath... 
He had no solution. 
Moreover, Ashton never deliberately provoked Rebecca. All along, it was Rebecca who had a crush on him. 
He wanted to help, but he didn’t know how. 
He cherished their years of brotherhood. 
Even though he and Ashton had fallen out, deep down, he still cared about their brotherhood and didn’t want to lose an important brother over these issues. 
He had carefully thought about what Yannick Luther had said to him that day. 
Ashton’s attitude was clear. 
Either he accepted Joanna Lawrence, and they could continue to be brothers. 
If he couldn’t accept her... 
Their years of brotherhood might indeed be lost. 
He did like Rebecca. 
But did he really want to give up his good brother for her? 
Joanna hadn’t really done anything wrong. 
As Yannick had said, if it hadn’t been for Rebecca, would he really have disliked Joanna? 
No. 
Actually, he had never disliked Joanna. 
He just couldn’t stand her attitude. 
And he was genuinely worried that she, like other women, would only be with his good brother for personal gain. 
He was worried Ashton would be deceived. 
After learning about her family background, he became even more worried.
The Lawrence family’s status was nowhere near good enough for the Heath family. 
Rebecca ignored Frank and asked the bartender to bring her a few more drinks. 
From behind, Frank stared at her with a dark face for a while before pulling her up roughly. 
His movements were not gentle, even a bit rude. 
Rebecca was hurt by him and frowned. She pushed him away with an annoyed tone, "Frank, what are you doing? Let go of me." 
"You’re not allowed to drink anymore." 
Frank’s face was gloomy and serious as he dragged her outside against her struggle, "Come home with me." 
"I don’t want to." Rebecca struggled fiercely, "Frank, let me go. I don’t want to go back." 
"Let go of me!" 
"Did you hear me? I told you to let go of me! Who are you to control me!" 
Frank ignored her, dragged her on, and continued walking outside. His face was grim, which made him look somewhat terrifying even when not smiling.
###Chapter 563: Chapter 562: That Is the Woman He Chose Himself
When he frowned, his whole body emitted a "keep away from me" cold aura. 
It made people afraid to approach him. 
As he passed by, the crowd automatically dispersed, giving him a path. 
The bodyguards following him took out their wallets and put several banknotes on the bar counter, saying to the bartender, "This is for Ms. Kelloway’s drinks." 
Frank Parker and Yannick Luther were regulars in nightclubs and were considered frequent customers in this bar. 
So many people there knew him. 
But not many people knew Rebecca Kelloway. 
Besides the people in upper-class society, most people didn’t know her. 
Seeing Frank Parker hassle with a woman, people couldn’t help but gossip in low voices. 
"Who is that woman Mr. Parker is taking away? She’s quite pretty and has a good temperament. Is she his new girlfriend?" 
"Girlfriend? More like a female companion. Mr. Parker has had many women by his side, but have you ever seen him admit that any of them are his girlfriend?" 
"That woman looks a bit familiar; she doesn’t seem like an ordinary minor celebrity or Internet celebrity. And her attitude towards Mr. Parker doesn’t seem like an ordinary female companion." 
"Could she really be Mr. Parker’s girlfriend?" 
* 
Outside the bar. 
Rebecca Kelloway was dragged into Frank’s car. After the car door closed, he finally let go of her hand. 
With her eyes red, she growled at him, "Frank Parker, are you deaf? I said I don’t want to go back. Who do you think you are to make decisions for me?" 
She reached out to pull the car door open, intending to get out of the car. 
But she found that Frank had locked the door. 
"Frank Parker, what on earth do you want?" Rebecca turned her head, her eyes red and angry, staring at him, "Open the door, I want to get out." 
"Rebecca, I should be the one asking you that." 
Frank took out a pack of cigarettes, put one in his mouth, looked at her with cold eyes, and said, "What on earth do you want to do?" 
Rebecca was taken aback: "What do you mean?" 
"Ashton is already married, and he chose his wife himself. You should know that the things he chooses are always things he likes, and he wants them. Do you think it’s useful for you to refuse to let go?" 
"All you’re doing is pushing him further and further away from you, with no purpose." 
"Let go, Rebecca. There’s really no chance for you and Ashton." 
There was one more thing he couldn’t bear to say. 
Even if Ashton Heath wasn’t married now, Rebecca would still have no chance with him. 
With Ashton’s personality, if he really liked a woman, he wouldn’t let her wait for so many years. 
He had no romantic feelings for Rebecca at all. 
Still clinging to him, her demeanor looked a little awkward. 
In any other matter, Rebecca can pick up and let go easily. 
But in the matter of liking Ashton, she had never been carefree once. 
Looking at her like this, Frank couldn’t help but feel a bit angry. 
Instead of comforting her as he used to, saying things that would give her hope, he simply ruthlessly shattered all her illusions and lingering expectations, his voice icy cold like a stranger’s. 
"Face the reality. Ashton doesn’t love you, and he has never loved you. Even if his future wife isn’t Joanna Lawrence, it won’t be you. Rebecca, haven’t you known him long enough to understand him?" 
"If someone could make him feel something, he wouldn’t let that person keep waiting. But you..."
###Chapter 564: Chapter 563: I Will Never Hate You
"Enough, stop talking, stop talking!" Rebecca Kelloway suddenly screamed in a breakdown, clutching her head and crying out loud, "Frank Parker, stop talking. I don’t want to listen, please don’t say anything else." 
She understands. 
She knows everything. 
But, she just can’t accept it. 
She’s the one who’s been by his side the longest, the one who knows him the best, and the one who loves him the most. 
Clearly, she is the most suitable person for him. 
So why won’t he give her even a tiny chance? 
Why is he so cruel to her? 
"Rebecca, there’s no use running from the truth." Frank Parker looked at her gloomily, his voice as cold and ruthless as ever, "Ashton is married now, he’s someone else’s husband, he has his own family." 
"You should not cling on and refuse to let go." 
"Rebecca, don’t turn yourself into a pitiful person. Let go, don’t waste your time on him." 
He really wanted to ask, aside from Ashton Heath, was there no one else in her eyes? 
He had...been in love with her for many years too. 
Really, didn’t she feel anything? 
He’s not as good as Ashton Heath, he’s done a lot of foolish things, and he’s not known for being a faithful man. 
Most of the time, he tended to let himself go too. 
But if she’s willing, he could change and be a devoted man for her. 
In the future, only she would be by his side. 
But he knew, she wouldn’t care for any of these things. 
No matter what he did, she would not care. 
"No!" Rebecca Kelloway abruptly looked up, her eyes, welled up with tears and red veins from crying, were gazing at him resentfully, filled with stubbornness and defiance. "Why do I have to let go? Why should I? I’ve liked him for over twenty years, not so he could marry someone else." 
Frank Parker’s eyebrows tightened, his face darkened, "So what do you want to do? Do you want to force him to divorce? Rebecca Kelloway, be rational! The choice is now in Ashton’s hands, not yours." 
"Don’t make a scene and end up losing even your friendship." 
"Is this what you want?" 
"Frank, do you think that my desperate demeanor is ugly too?" Rebecca clenched her teeth, tears trickling from the corners of her eyes, "Do you also start hating me? Do you also dislike me now?" 
"Didn’t you say that you would always stand by my side? Are you regretting it now?" 
"No, I didn’t..." 
Seeing her cry, Frank Parker’s expression frozen, his heart softened in an instant. 
This is the woman he loves. 
She is now in great sorrow and distress. 
He should not be so harsh towards her. 
He had promised her before, no matter what happens, he would always be her safe haven, protecting her forever. 
"Rebecca, stop crying." Frank Parker sighed, pulling her into his arms and gently wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes, "I was wrong just now. I shouldn’t have spoken to you like that." 
"How could I hate you when you know well that I..." His voice briefly paused, his lips curled up into a self-deprecating smile which faded almost instantly, "I could never hate you." 
"What I’ve said in the past, I always stand by." 
Rebecca clutched at his collar, crying bitterly, "Alvin, won’t you help me? I really like Ashton, I can’t live without him. If I can’t be with him, what meaning is left in my life?"
###Chapter 565: Chapter 564: Did I Put You in a Difficult Situation?
"Alvin, I know you’re the best to me, and no one else could be better. So, if I beg you, could you please help me?" 
As soon as she called him "Alvin," Frank Parker’s body stiffened. 
He lowered his head, looking at her with unbelievable amazement. 
It was Rebecca Kelloway’s first time calling him this. 
Calling him "Alvin" was a lot more intimate than her previous way of addressing him. 
A moment after his amazement, he probably guessed what she wanted to say, feeling both mocking and bitter in his heart. 
But...he couldn’t refuse her. 
He had made promises to her before. 
As long as she asked, he would do anything for her. 
"What do you want me to do?" Frank Parker looked at her with obscure eyes for a while before speaking, although his voice was hoarse. 
Rebecca Kelloway lifted her head from his arms, and as their eyes met, a fierce look flashed quickly in her eyes. Biting her lip, she said word by word, "I want Joanna Lawrence to break up with Ashton Heath on her own initiative." 
Since Ashton Heath wouldn’t divorce Joanna Lawrence, she had to take action against Joanna herself. 
Frank Parker’s expression changed slightly, squinting his eyes and calmly saying, "I think she should be satisfied with Ashton too. It might be difficult to persuade her to leave him." 
"So, we must use other methods." Rebecca Kelloway hesitated for a few seconds and slowly continued, "She has a younger brother named Jeremy Lawrence, and she cares about her brother a lot." 
She only said these two sentences and stopped talking. 
But Frank Parker already understood her meaning. 
His eyes flashed with a deep color, and he stared at her stunning face that was held in his arms. Suddenly, he felt a tinge of strangeness. 
Her face was still the same face. 
But the person seemed to have changed. 
Just now, he saw something terrifying in Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes. Although she quickly hid it, he still noticed it. 
"You want me to take action against Jeremy Lawrence, and force her to leave Ashton through him?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s head was filled with jealousy and desperation. 
All she was thinking about was how to make Joanna Lawrence leave Ashton Heath. 
She didn’t hide her intentions at all. 
Frank Parker could see it clearly. 
But she was still unaware of it herself. 
She hesitated and nodded, "Alvin, can you do it? I-I’m not asking you to hurt her brother, just as long as she agrees to leave Ashton." 
"If you think it’s not okay, then never mind." 
Frank Parker looked into her eyes, which were trying to hide the fierce and hateful look but failed, and then remembered the clear and pure eyes in his memory, feeling confused for a moment. 
There was a big difference between the eyes he saw now and those he remembered. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes always showed sharpness and dominance. 
But the eyes in his memory were gentle and lively, giving a warm feeling like spring breeze when looking at people. 
In his memory, the girl who had those eyes should be a gentle and well-behaved girl. 
Not the type like Rebecca Kelloway. 
Girls with such eyes shouldn’t, and wouldn’t, make him do things like this. 
"What’s wrong? Is it not okay?" Seeing Frank Parker staring at her in a daze and not saying a word, Rebecca Kelloway suppressed her temper and asked softly, "Did I make you feel embarrassed? Alvin, you don’t have to feel troubled. If you don’t want to, I won’t force you."
###Chapter 566: Chapter 565: Have You Ever Lied to Me?
"Actually, you have no obligation to help me. We... are just friends after all." 
"I know, I understand it all in my heart. Even if you don’t want to help, I can understand." 
"Rebecca, have you ever lied to me?" Frank’s eyes were scrutinizing, recalling the details of that night, and for the first time in his life, he began to doubt what happened that night. 
No, it wasn’t the first time. 
He had suspected before. 
But it was only a momentary doubt, and soon, he thought he was overthinking it. 
That night, if it wasn’t Rebecca who saved him, then who was it? 
When he regained consciousness, everyone around him told him that it was Rebecca who saved him. 
Rebecca admitted it herself too. 
If it wasn’t her, why would she lie to him? 
What reason did she have to deceive him? 
However, for some unknown reason, he just had a feeling that the person that night might not have been Rebecca. 
"Frank, what, what do you mean?" Rebecca widened her eyes, looking at him in astonishment, her hand hanging by her side suddenly clenched. 
Frank stared at her calmly, "Ten years ago that night, you saved my life. Do you remember what happened that night?" 
Rebecca was stunned, a hint of panic quickly flashing across her eyes. She blinked, trying to calm herself down, "Of course, I remember. But why are you suddenly bringing up this issue now?" 
Frank Parker didn’t miss any expression on her face, seeing everything clearly. 
Naturally, he also saw the panic that flashed through her eyes. 
If initially, he was just guessing based on intuition, then after seeing Rebecca’s reaction now, he started to truly suspect. 
"That night, if it wasn’t for you, I might not be in this world anymore. Rebecca, I’m really grateful to you. You’re my lifesaver, and I can never repay you in my entire life." 
"It was also since that night that I swore I would do everything I could to be good to you." 
Rebecca listened to these words, but there was no joy or emotion on her face. 
She didn’t know why Frank Parker suddenly brought up this matter. 
But deep down, she had a bad feeling.
She could feel that Frank seemed to be suspecting her. 
However, that matter had already passed for so many years. He didn’t suspect her earlier and now, why would he suspect her at this time? 
"Rebecca, that day we had a fight. I thought you were too angry at that time to even consider saving me. I’m really grateful to you. I will remember what happened that day for the rest of my life." 
Frank Parker spoke these words while staring at Rebecca non-stop. 
He saw that Rebecca’s facial expression was becoming unnatural, her eyes were constantly flickering, and she was deliberately avoiding his gaze. 
It seemed like she didn’t dare to look him in the eye. 
Frank Parker looked at her like this and a thought suddenly crossed his mind. 
His heartbeat accelerated suddenly, and his palms were covered in fine sweat. 
But on his face, there was still a calm expression, showing no sign of the turmoil inside. 
"How, how could it be..." Rebecca clenched her lips, took a deep breath, deliberately avoiding his probing gaze, her fingers gripping even tighter, "You’re my good friend; I couldn’t just stand by in that situation." 
"That, that’s what I’m supposed to do. You don’t need to be grateful to me." 
"Rebecca, you saved my life. So no matter what you ask me to do, I’ll help you do it." A dark glimmer flashed in Frank’s eyes as he reached out to touch her head gently, speaking softly, "If you want to be with Ashton, I’ll help you."
###Chapter 567: Chapter 566: The look in her eyes is very wrong.
"You agreed?" Rebecca Kelloway looked up joyfully.
Frank Parker’s eyes were deep, and after making eye contact with her, he nodded, "I’ll do my best to help you. But you know Ashton’s character, I can’t force him..." 
"As long as you help me get Joanna Lawrence away from Ashton, I can handle the rest." Rebecca’s eyes filled with hatred whenever she mentioned Joanna, and even Frank could feel the intensity of it. 
He couldn’t help but ask, "Rebecca, do you dislike Joanna so much because you think she took Ashton away from you?" 
Rebecca was stunned. 
She soon realized that Frank seemed to be defending Joanna. 
This made her instantly unhappy. 
"Frank, do you think I shouldn’t hate her?" Her eyes welled up with grievances, "You’ve investigated her and know her family situation. Aren’t you worried that she’s with Ashton just to use him?" 
"Ashton doesn’t have much relationship experience. Even if he is excellent at work, he is still a blank slate in relationships. Joanna coaxed him into getting married without discussing it with anyone first. Doesn’t that make her seem scheming?" 
"I’m just worried that Ashton will be deceived by her." 
Frank Parker fell silent, then said, "But I don’t think so." 
Rebecca looked at him in surprise, "Frank, you..." 
"Ashton is an outstanding man in and of himself. Even if Joanna has ulterior motives for being with him, it’s impossible that she has no feelings for him at all. And, I believe that Ashton is smarter than any of us; it wouldn’t be easy for someone to deceive him." 
"Frank, why are you defending her now?" Rebecca suddenly remembered how Frank had looked at Joanna during that night at the karaoke bar. There was already something unusual about his gaze, and now... 
A sense of crisis welled up within her once again. 
Her breathing became erratic, and for some reason, she suddenly felt angry and irritated. 
She knew that Frank Parker liked her. 
Even if he changed girlfriends constantly, appearing frivolous and promiscuous, she was well aware that he never took any of them seriously. 
He never had genuine feelings for them. 
So, she never cared about how he played that game. 
She would never compare herself to those women of low status. 
She had never worried that Frank would fall in love with someone else. 
She knew exactly how loyal he was to her in his heart. 
But now... 
She suddenly felt a bit scared and experienced a sense of crisis. 
She clearly looked down on Joanna. 
And yet, this woman repeatedly made her feel threatened. 
"I’m not defending her, I’m just stating the facts. But Rebecca, are you sure you want to do this? Even if Ashton really breaks up with her, it doesn’t mean he will be with you..." 
"Are you backing out again?" Anger flashed in Rebecca’s eyes, her words bordering on an accusation, "Frank Parker, are you captivated by Joanna Lawrence, too?" 
Frank frowned, "What are you talking about?" 
"That night, the way you looked at her was very wrong." Rebecca became angrier as she spoke and pushed him away with a stern face, "If you don’t want to help, then forget it. Open the door; I want to get out." 
"Rebecca..." 
"Why is it that all of you, one by one, end up falling for her? Is she really that great?"
###Chapter 568: Chapter 567: Unless One Day, You Say You Don’t Need Me Anymore
Rebecca glared at him, her eyes rimmed with red, tears swirling in them: "Now I only have you, Frank. You’re the only one who treats me well. If you fall for Joanna too, I’ll have nothing left." 
"Tell me, have you fallen for her too?" 
"I haven’t." Although Frank Parker had started to doubt her, seeing her cry threw his heart into a panic, and he hurried to explain, "Rebecca, don’t cry anymore. Alright, I promise you, I’ll agree to anything you want." 
He reached out with his hand, embracing Rebecca once more, soothing her softly, "Just tell me how you want things to be, and I’ll do it. Don’t cry any more, and don’t be angry any more. We can’t rush matters concerning Jeremy. Let’s take our time to plan." 
Rebecca leaned against his chest, inhaling the faint scent of musk and amber emanating from him. Gradually, a faint smile appeared on her lips. 
She knew it. 
Frank Parker couldn’t possibly refuse her. 
This man loves her. 
Like her, he values his self-respect highly. 
He’s also a very proud man.
At the same time, he’s a timid man when it comes to emotions. 
That’s why, even though he likes her, he never confessed his feelings to her. 
Rebecca felt that their current relationship was quite good as it was. 
She didn’t want Frank Parker to confess his love for her. 
She didn’t like him. 
Once their relationship becomes clear, they wouldn’t be as comfortable together as they are now. 
Perhaps, she would even lose him. 
Even though she didn’t like Frank Parker, having such an outstanding pursuer was not a bad thing for her. 
"Alvin, you won’t leave me, will you?" The sense of crisis in her heart hadn’t completely dissipated. Rebecca slowly raised her head from his embrace, hesitated for a moment, and softly wrapped her arms around his waist, her eyes filled with a mixture of unease and fear. 
She spoke quietly: "You said you’d always be with me, and treat me well. If you leave me too, Alvin, I won’t have anything left..." 
"I won’t leave you." 
Faced with the woman he loves showing such vulnerability, how could Frank Parker bear to see her sad? 
He tightened his arms around her, holding her closer, and softly reassured her, "Rebecca, I’ll always be with you. Unless one day, you say you don’t need me anymore." 
The woman in his arms was the one he’d always liked. 
However, even with her in his embrace, Frank Parker didn’t feel his heart stir. 
A mature, womanly scent wafted through his nostrils, an alluring and tempting fragrance. 
Yet it was completely different from the scent in his memory. 
* 
It wasn’t even five in the afternoon when Ashton Heath announced it was time to go home. 
As Ashton’s special assistant, Cody Aberton left work with him as well. 
Overcome with emotion, Cody tearfully looked at Joanna Lawrence as Ashton went to the restroom, eyes shining with eagerness, "Ms. Joanna, please come to accompany President Ashton at the company more often." 
"Since your arrival, President Ashton’s work efficiency has improved." 
He was actually able to leave work before five. 
Something that would have been impossible in the past. 
Heath, before getting married, was a workaholic. 
He would work overtime until nine or ten every night. 
Sometimes, he’d even work until the early morning. 
In short, recalling those endless days of overtime, his heart feels weary. 
Now, he wishes Joanna could come every day so that he could leave work early and enjoy a happy and leisurely life.
###Chapter 569: Chapter 568: Today’s Movie Is Quite Good
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Really, Ms. Joanna. From now on, please come to visit President Ashton more often." Cody Aberton sincerely suggested, "Although Mr. Ashton hasn’t said it out loud, I’m sure he also hopes that Ms. Joanna would come over to keep him company more often." 
"Cody, actually..." Joanna Lawrence quietly looked at him for a moment. 
"Ms. Joanna?" 
"Actually, it’s you who wants me to come over, isn’t it?" 
Cody Aberton: "...Ahem ahem." 
Joanna Lawrence directly exposed his little scheme: "That way, you can get off work earlier." 
Cody coughed even more violently: "Ahem ahem ahem ahem..." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence waited for Ashton Heath to finish work, and the two of them went to have a candlelit dinner together before going to watch a movie. 
The movie tickets they bought were for seats in the very last row. 
As the movie began and the lights in the theater dimmed, it became pitch black all around them. 
After a while, Joanna heard a rustling sound next to her. Turning her head to follow the sound, she was embarrassed to find that a couple was kissing passionately right next to her, unable to tear themselves away from each other. 
On the other side of her, there was also a couple. 
And they were kissing as well. 
Her face turned red and she hurriedly turned her head back, only to feel a burning gaze in the darkness focusing on her. 
Upon looking up, she saw Ashton Heath gazing at her intensely. 
Even in the dim light. 
She could see the man next to her with shining eyes. 
As Joanna stared at him with this expression, she swallowed and whispered softly, "Why are you staring at me instead of watching the movie?" 
With his jaw clenched, the man’s long, cool fingers gripped her, and he lowered his head, his voice deep and seductive, "Baby, why didn’t you tell me last time that this is how you’re supposed to watch a movie?" 
"Huh?" Joanna blinked. 
Warm breath fell upon her face. 
Then, a handsome face twice its normal size approached her. 
Ashton Heath let out a deep chuckle from his throat, "Didn’t you already see it just now? So, choosing the last row was for this purpose?" 
His words trailed off as his burning lips kissed her, gently biting her lips. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He misunderstood her. 
She only chose the last row because that was the only available seating when purchasing the tickets. 
"No, Ashton, I..." 
"Hush." 
He chuckled softly and lightly bit her lips again, holding her face with one hand as if savoring her lips like some delicious food, "Don’t talk, someone’s watching us." 
Joanna took his words seriously and let out a surprised "Ah!", her lips slightly parted, giving him the perfect opportunity to invade. 
After a long, deep kiss, she panted and leaned against his chest. 
At some point, she had been pulled onto his lap with their faces close together, in a rather intimate position. 
She was so short of breath that her head spun. 
What the movie showed, she had no idea. 
Ashton Heath, on the other hand, seemed unsatisfied. After licking his lips, he whispered in her ear with a low chuckle, "Today’s movie was pretty good." 
* 
When they returned home after the movie, it was past ten at night. 
After getting out of the car, the two of them walked hand in hand into the villa. 
As they went upstairs, a group of maids gathered downstairs and whispered amongst themselves: "Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna’s relationship is really good. They seem to be in love all the time. I never thought that Mr. Ashton would be so proactive when he found someone he liked."
###Chapter 570: Chapter 569 Sweetheart
"Indeed, they are truly enviable. It’s evident that Mr. Ashton really loves Ms. Joanna." 
"Ms. Joanna is so beautiful, with such a good personality. It’s normal that Mr. Ashton likes her, I also like Ms. Joanna." 
"Yes, yes, yes, I also like Ms. Joanna. She doesn’t put on airs in front of us." 
A group of maids were discussing about the two below the stairs. 
Upstairs. 
Joanna Lawrence had just entered the bedroom when she received a call from Linda. 
She glanced at the call, and accepted it. 
Over the phone, Linda got straight to the point and asked, "Joanna, have you made up your mind?" 
Joanna had already considered the signing matter. 
So, she also directly replied, "Yes, I’ve made up my mind. Bring the contract tomorrow, and let’s arrange a place to meet." 
Linda was silent for a few seconds, then opened her mouth again. An undertone of joy could be discerned in her seemingly calm tone, "Alright, you can decide on the location, let’s meet tomorrow without fail." 
"Hmm." 
Their conversation was simple. After they were done, Joanna hung up the phone first. 
Ashton Heath stood still, lowered his head to look at her and asked, "Who called?" 
"Annie Lawrence’s former agent, my stepsister." Joanna didn’t plan to hide this matter from Ashton. Now that they were husband and wife, there were some things she also wanted to discuss with him. 
Seek his opinion. 
She believed that Ashton’s opinion would definitely not be incorrect. 
She’d feel more at ease if he made some decisions on her behalf. 
"Your stepsister’s agent?" Ashton was puzzled. "Why did she call you?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, then told him about Linda wanting to meet her to discuss signing issues. 
At the end, she earnestly asked, "Do you think I should sign with her?" 
When it came to Joanna’s matters, Ashton never brushed them off. 
He thought seriously for a moment before giving his advice, "I think you can. Now that she’s had a falling out with Galaxy Agency, it’s impossible for her to return. Tomorrow, take the contract but don’t sign it yet. Bring it back and let me have a look." 
"If there’s no issue, you can sign it." 
"You said she’s now working at HE Company?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded. "HE Company is the largest brokerage company in our circle, having nurtured numerous top-tier artists. Last year’s best actor and actress were also from HE Company. If I sign with HE Company, the resources should be good." 
"Linda says that she’s friends with senior executives at HE. She assures that getting resources would not be an issue, and if I’m willing to be with her, she would pull together the best resources to push me. If she’s not deceiving me, I’d like to sign with HE." 
In the entertainment circle, who doesn’t have a desire to be famous? 
Joanna did too. 
She got into this line because she truly loves acting. 
However, if she constantly did minor roles or played background characters, no matter how passionate she was about it, over time, she’d surely become demotivated. 
Knowing that Ashton didn’t pay much attention to the entertainment circle, Joanna introduced him to it in detail. 
After listening to her, Ashton nodded, "The condition she offered is good, but whether she is sincere or not depends on what kind of contract she gives you tomorrow. Anyway, I’ll look at the contract and then decide whether to sign it." 
"Hmm." Joanna obediently nodded, "I understand. I won’t sign until you’ve seen it." 
"Sweetheart." Ashton liked her being obedient and clever. She looked so cute, he couldn’t resist and kissed her after holding up her chin gently.
###Chapter 571: Chapter 570: No, You Don’t Want To
A few minutes later. 
Joanna Lawrence, panting heavily and unable to stand steadily, leaned weakly against his chest. 
One hand tightly clutched his shirt collar. 
This man’s kissing skills were getting better and better. 
Every time, she would be melted into a pile of goo. 
"Baby." Ashton Heath’s fingers touched her swollen lips. His eyes turned hot and dark, his voice a bit hoarse, "Are you still uncomfortable? I was thinking..." 
"No, you don’t." 
Before he could utter the words, Joanna quickly covered his mouth with her hand. 
"Ashton, I have to go to the film crew in two days. For these two days, I need to speed up my script reading. I am going to take a shower now, and then I have to read the script. You... find something else to do." 
Stop clinging to her. 
She couldn’t handle it anymore. 
If it was just a few minutes, she could bear it. 
But... 
This man, except for a few minutes of abnormal performance in the morning, every other time was so long that it made her want to cry. 
He was so energetic that he seemed to never get tired. 
After he was done, she was panting for breath, hanging by a thread. 
He, however, wanted to go a couple more rounds. 
If it weren’t for her stern refusal at the time, and repeatedly warning him that if he touched her again, he wouldn’t be able to touch her ever, he wouldn’t have let her off so easily. 
Indeed. 
First-time men are very scary. 
Wasn’t he afraid of dying from exhaustion? 
After saying that, Joanna Lawrence let go of her hand and immediately turned and ran towards the bathroom. 
She ran very quickly. 
In the blink of an eye, Ashton saw his petite wife slipping into the bathroom. 
Then with a "slam," she quickly closed the bathroom door. 
Then with a "click," he heard her lock the bathroom door. 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Being treated like a thief by his own wife, and because she was afraid of him touching her, it made him feel a bit uncomfortable. 
He once again doubted, was the experience he gave her not good enough, is that why she was resistant? 
But, he had observed it at the time. 
She seemed to like it a lot. 
Did she fake it all? 
Thinking about this, Ashton pulled out his mobile phone, opened the browser and did a quick search. 
Search contents: Do women fake orgasms? 
Soon, various answers popped up. He glanced at a few, his face darkening bit by bit. 
User A: As a woman I will tell you, yes. I’ve been married to my hubby for five years and never had an orgasm, but my husband always thinks he’s particularly capable of giving me orgasms. Haha, it’s just a good performance on my part. 
User B: Of course, nine out of ten women are faking it. Women are good at acting, men can’t tell at all, they will only think they are particularly capable. 
User C: My husband also thinks he’s particularly capable. Sometimes when I see his satisfied look, I really want to tell him, he’s not that good. It’s just my good acting. 
User D: Don’t tell me everyone fakes it? What is orgasm? Never experienced it. 
The replies going down were almost the same. 
The conclusion is, women can fake it.
And they’re exceptionally good at it. 
So, most men are being fooled. 
After reading, a certain confidence in Ashton Heath shook again. 
It was his first time finding out that a woman could fake such things.
###Chapter 572: Chapter 571: The video will be sent over soon
Ashton Heath thought with a stern face, Joanna Lawrence... she’s probably just pretending, right? 
Just as he was about to lock his phone, there was a "ding" from his Twitter. 
Ashton Heath didn’t have many contacts on Twitter. 
Hearing the notification sound, he opened his Twitter. 
When he clicked in, there was a new message in the group chat. 
This group chat was created by Yannick Luther, and there were only five people in it. 
Him, Yannick Luther, Frank Parker, Denver Lancaster, and Rebecca Kelloway. 
Ashton Heath usually couldn’t be bothered with group chats, after all, eight out of ten times he clicked in, it was just Yannick Luther entertaining himself in the group. 
Feeling a bit irritated right now, he casually clicked in to have a look. 
He then saw that Yannick Luther had unexpectedly thrown a short video into the group, and the video showed a man and a woman in the act of XX. 
There was also a line of text above the video: XX 18 moves. 
Before Ashton Heath could see the specific positions in the video, Yannick Luther jumped out and "recalled" the video. 
YannickV: Sorry, sent by mistake. 
Had it been any other day, if Ashton Heath saw Yannick Luther post such videos, he would scold him. 
But today... 
He stared at the "recalled" message in the group chat for a while, hesitated for a few seconds, then tapped on Yannick Luther’s avatar to chat privately with him: What’s going on with the video you just sent? 
YannickV: Ashton, don’t curse me, it really was a mistake this time. I’ve already recalled it. 
Ashton Heath: Send me the video you just recalled. 
YannickV:  Ashton, what do you want it for? 
Ashton Heath: None of your business, just send it over. 
YannickV: (Horrified face) No way, Ashton. You always used to hate me sending these little videos, why have you changed now? Are you really my Ashton? Send me a voice message so I can hear. 
Ashton Heath looked at this reply, pursed his lips, wanting to reach through the screen to grab Yannick Luther and beat him up. 
Instead of sending a voice message, he directly called Yannick Luther. 
"Ashton?" Yannick Luther answered immediately on the other side. 
"Send that video immediately." 
Ashton Heath’s dangerously threatening tone was the last thing he said before hanging up the phone. 
YannickV: Holy shit, Ashton, it really is you. I never even dreamt of a day when you’d ask me for such videos. I’ll send the video to you right away, Ashton. By the way, not only do I have that video, but also many rare and valuable films. Do you want them? 
YannickV: If you want them, I’ll send them to you all together. 
YannickV: They’re absolutely classic, already out of print. There are many moves in them, I guarantee you’ll be thrilled when you watch... Hehehe. 
Through the screen, Ashton Heath could imagine how lewd Yannick Luther’s expression would be while typing these words. 
Of course, he knew what kind of films Yannick Luther was talking about. 
Before, Yannick Luther had sent some to him, but he didn’t even click on them, just deleted them right away. 
Those scenes of men and women XXing would make him feel disgusted. 
In more severe situations, he would even feel nauseous enough to vomit. 
Especially a woman’s naked body, it looked very disgusting to him. 
The only one who wouldn’t disgust him or cause a physical rejection was Joanna Lawrence. 
That night, she was wearing a red dress, soaking in a bathtub filled with water. The water soaked her body, the dress was clinging tightly to her tempting body curves. 
Until now, thinking of that scene, his body would still heat up instantly. 
Ashton Heath’s instinct was to refuse.
###Chapter 573: Chapter 572: You’re the Boss, Brandon, You Make the Decision
But when he thought of the answers he had just searched, he hesitated for a few seconds and slowly typed three words in the dialog box: Send it to me. 
Yannick Luther was quick. 
In less than two minutes, he sent a super large compressed file to his mailbox. 
He replied to Ashton Heath on Twitter: Ashton, it’s sent. There are ten in total, all classic versions. I guarantee that after watching these, your X life with your sister-in-law will be much more harmonious than it is now, and she will love you more and more. Let me know when you’ve finished watching, and I’ll send you hundreds more I have here. No secrets between brothers, they’re all yours. 
Ashton Heath’s brows furrowed as he replied rebelliously: It has nothing to do with your sister-in-law. Don’t talk nonsense. 
YannickV: Haha, Ashton, you might as well fool others. Do you think I’ll believe you? Learning some techniques to please your wife isn’t something to be ashamed of. Why are you embarrassed to admit it? 
Ashton Heath: Shut up. 
YannickV: Alright, alright, I’ll shut up. If you say it’s not about her, it’s not. You’re the boss, what you say goes. 
Ashton Heath didn’t want to talk to him anymore and was about to exit Twitter when, after a few seconds, Yannick Luther sent another message: Ashton, do you really plan to ignore Frank forever? I met him the other day, we talked, and he knows he’s in the wrong, but... 
After a few seconds, Yannick Luther sent another message: Actually, he doesn’t have any problems with Joanna. He’s just... standing up for Rebecca. You know how protective he’s been of Rebecca since childhood, he can’t bear to see her suffer even a little injustice. However, he still cherishes our brotherhood, and he does seem to know he’s in the wrong now, but he just can’t face it yet. Why don’t I put together a dinner party tomorrow? We can all have a meal together and... make peace? 
The sound of water in the bathroom stopped. 
The tightly closed door opened, and white steam wafted out. 
Ashton Heath’s gaze was involuntarily attracted, and he turned his head to look towards the bathroom. 
The mist cleared, and Joanna Lawrence, freshly bathed, emerged from the bathroom. 
She was wearing a pink silk sling nightgown, her hair in a bun, and a clean, makeup-free face as she walked over to the vanity. 
Having just bathed, her milky-white skin looked even more tender and seductive. 
Under the mist of hot water, her fair skin had a faint pink hue, like a ripe peach. 
It made one want to take a bite. 
From a distance, Ashton Heath seemed to smell the seductive scent emanating from her. 
After her shower, Joanna sat at the vanity applying skincare products. 
Ashton Heath stared at her smooth and fair back for a while, his eyes darkened, and he swallowed, then walked slowly towards her. 
In Twitter. 
Yannick Luther didn’t wait for his reply and sent another message: Ashton, reply to me. Tomorrow, will you bring Joanna to dinner with us? 
At this moment, Ashton Heath had no interest in entertaining him. 
He directly locked his phone, tossed it onto the bed, and then slowly walked up to Joanna, who was sitting at the vanity. 
A tempting sweet scent emanated from the girl sitting in front of the vanity, like a poison that could make one lose their senses, filling his nose and leaving him with a dry mouth. 
Joanna was applying skincare products. 
As she raised her head to apply night cream, she saw a tall figure standing behind her in the mirror.
###Chapter 574: Chapter 573: Don’t Leave, Stay With Me
The man stood silently behind her, his eyes watching her with a familiar fiery passion smoldering within. 
She flinched and then acted as though she saw nothing, quickly finished applying her skincare products, then rose to walk towards the bed. 
Behind her, the man followed, silent as ever, to the bedside. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Ashton Heath, why are you still in the bedroom? Aren’t you going to your study?" Joanna feigned ignorance, finding Ashton’s antics amusing and a little cute. 
Though he was cute, the thought of his relentless advances this morning made her knees quake involuntarily. 
She felt a pang in her thigh again. 
She couldn’t afford to soften towards this man. 
Otherwise, she was sure she wouldn’t be able to get out of bed tomorrow. 
The man’s eyes were filled with a thick, unquenchable desire. 
Joanna barely glanced at him before looking away, she picked up her phone from the bedside table, opened her mail, and began downloading the TV series script. 
Ashton’s gaze clung to her like glue, his eyes burning as he watched Joanna, his voice husky, "There’s nothing important at the company today. I’m not very busy." 
What he didn’t say was that he had a lot of time on his hands today. 
That he could use that time to do some things he wanted. 
"Oh, really?" Joanna continued to feign ignorance, "Then perhaps you can sleep early—early to bed, early to rise. I still need to read a script for a while, so you sleep if you want. If you’re not accustom to having the light on, I can go work in the study." 
Sensing the intense private gaze on her growing hotter, Joanna nervously swallowed, turning to walk away in slight panic. 
Ashton’s gaze made her a little frightened. 
Her legs were trembling. 
She almost ran out of the room, but Ashton’s hot, firm arms encircled her waist. In the next second, his body, radiating heat, was against hers. 
He embraced her from behind. 
His arms were tight around her waist like a heated iron. 
His warm breath fanned the back of her neck. He buried his nose in her neck, his voice husky yet sensual, "Baby, is the script more attractive than me? Will you abandon your newlywed husband and go off to the study alone?" 
"Don’t go, stay with me." 
"You said you like my face. I’ll let you have a good look now, ok?" His last sentence was whispered right into her ear. 
Joanna felt as though her ears were about to become pregnant! 
The man’s voice was so sweet, so provocative, she could hardly resist.... 
Aarghhhhhh. 
Ashton Heath, this indecent man... 
To achieve his goal, he even stooped to seduction. 
Even though she knew he was intentionally tempting her, facing a good-looking husband who could make any girl weak-kneed, she simply couldn’t resist his blatant temptation. 
"Ashton Heath..." Joanna’s voice trembled as his hand tightened around her waist, "I... I need to read the script..." 
"Hmm." One of his hands eased off her waist, gliding upwards, his voice huskier, "You read yours, don’t mind me." 
"..." 
Could she really ignore him? 
How was she to read the script with him like this! 
"Ashton Heath, I’m really tired today." Joanna’s voice trembled once more, even a tearful note creeping in. It sounded pathetically pitiful, "I’m feeling uncomfortable. Can you... can you sort yourself out?"
###Chapter 575: Chapter 574: I Will Never Believe Your Words Again
The large hand roaming on her body paused. 
A few seconds later, his voice, laced with restraint and tolerance, rang out again, "Does your body still feel uncomfortable?" 
Actually, it wasn’t that uncomfortable anymore. 
It only felt terrible for half a day. 
It was much better now. 
However, Joanna Lawrence feared that Ashton Heath would continue bothering her, so she looked pitifully at him and nodded, "Yes, I’m uncomfortable." 
So, could he please spare her? 
She really didn’t want to be unable to get out of bed tomorrow. 
Another moment of silence. 
Joanna heard the deep breaths of the man behind her. 
He seemed to be trying his best to restrain something, his breathing was heavy, and when he exhaled, burning hot breath was sprinkled on the side of her neck. 
The arm wrapped around her waist tightened, waited a while longer, and finally, the man’s voice behind her was hoarse to the extreme, "Alright, I won’t touch you. But, I don’t want to settle it myself." 
Joanna opened her mouth, not even uttering a word, before the man grabbed her hand and slowly guided it to a certain place, "Baby, you help me." 
"..." 
* 
One hour later. 
Joanna Lawrence lay on the bed with a straight face, back turned to him, not wanting to deal with a certain person at all. 
"Baby, are you angry?" 
On the other side of the big bed, the man’s satisfied face approached, reaching out to hug her. 
With a "slap," his hand was barely extended when it was smacked away. 
"Ashton Heath, stay away, I don’t want to talk to you." Her soft, fierce voice still sounded cute even when she was angry. 
Ashton Heath knew why she was mad. 
She had been hoping he would finish quickly, but he couldn’t fulfill that wish. Not only that, but he endured for more than an hour before... 
When he was done, she almost cried. 
She told him that her hand was about to break. 
Said he was deliberately bullying her, making her tired, that he was bad, and didn’t care for her at all. 
But how could she know that the sight of her kneeling next to his foot was irresistibly alluring? 
How could he bear to end it so quickly?
"Baby, does your hand feel sore? Let me rub it for you." Ashton Heath shamelessly approached her again. 
"I don’t need your pity." Joanna replied. 
Joanna slapped his hand away once more, infuriatingly refusing to speak to him, "Liar, I’ll never believe your words again." 
He said it would be over quickly. 
Yet, he persisted for more than an hour. 
Her hand was almost broken, and she didn’t even have the strength to hold her phone anymore. 
And that hand was still trembling. 
In the future, she wouldn’t believe his words anymore. 
All men were scoundrels. 
"I’m sorry, baby." Someone apologized quickly. When she pushed him away, he immediately clung to her again, ignoring her struggles and forcibly holding her petite body in his embrace. 
He kissed the back of her neck, his voice tinged with the huskiness of indulgence, "I didn’t mean to. It won’t be like this next time. Be good, give me your hand, and I’ll give you a massage." 
Joanna would be a huge fool if she believed his words again. 
Didn’t he always say that? 
But had he ever kept his word? 
Actually, what infuriated her the most wasn’t that particular incident, but when he was about to finish, he was so excited that he... 
Got it all over her! 
Remembering that made Joanna incredibly angry. 
She really, really didn’t want anything to do with him. 
This man was really, really despicable. 
Although he held her and washed her thoroughly in the bathtub afterwards, Joanna still felt that he was unforgivable.
###Chapter 576: Chapter 575: Calling Husband
Because she believed that he had done it on purpose at that time. 
He usually projected a cool and abstinent demeanor, very serious down to the book, but when it came to that, the bad nature of a man was completely revealed. 
As expected... 
If a man’s words could be trusted, pigs could climb trees. 
"Ashton Heath, don’t touch..." 
Joanna Lawrence’s sentence was cut short by the man behind her, who forcefully pulled her into his arms. 
He pressed against her body, turned her towards him, quickly found her hand, and then gently held her soft, delicate hand. 
His slender and powerful fingers pressed on her palm, neither light nor heavy, kneading slowly. 
He let out a low laugh from his throat, looked up at her, his deep, black eyes twinkling with a faint smile. With his strong and controlling arms firmly wrapped around her slender waist, his dominating and assertive words came forth: "I am your husband, you are my wife. If you’re not letting me touch you, who do you want to touch you?" 
"Or do you want your husband to touch someone else?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "....Ashton Heath, you..." 
"Call me husband." 
"....." 
The arm around her waist tightened, his deep eyes swirling with powerful emotions, staring fixedly at her. Word by word, it was like a command: "Baby, call me husband." 
"Wasn’t it natural when you called me that while talking to Rebecca Kelloway in my office today?" 
"Say it again, let me hear, hmm?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "....." 
Her face was burning hot, and her heartbeat accelerated. 
The then and now couldn’t be compared. 
At the time, she didn’t know he was eavesdropping. 
Knowing it, she wouldn’t have been able to call him "husband". 
Asking her to call him that in front of him right now, she couldn’t... muster the courage to say it out loud. 
That’s true, they were indeed husband and wife, and he was indeed her husband. 
But she felt so embarrassed to call him "husband" to his face. 
"Won’t call?" Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, the arm around her waist suddenly moved upwards, his hand carried a tinge of hot breath, dangerously moving to a certain place, his voice suddenly deepened, "Do you think I haven’t spoiled you enough? In that case, husband will have to spoil you more." 
Feeling that the hot hand was becoming increasingly misbehaved, Joanna Lawrence’s face changed instantly. 
She quickly reached out to hold Ashton Heath’s hand. 
"Ashton Heath, don’t... " 
Whimper. 
Now she was sure, this man, Ashton Heath, was truly inhuman! 
They had just emerged from the bathroom not long ago.
And now he... 
Was he not afraid of working himself to death? 
This man was truly terrifying. 
Joanna Lawrence was genuinely frightened. 
She suddenly remembered something he had said, that as long as she could completely satisfy him once, he wouldn’t torment her like this anymore. 
According to his inhuman physique and energy, to fully satisfy him might cause her frail body to be utterly squeezed dry. 
Then, she would die on his bed. 
Become the first woman to die from over-indulging in sexual pleasure. 
"Still calling me Ashton Heath?" Ashton Heath voiced his displeasure, pinched her chin, leaned down and bit her lips hard. 
"Uh." Joanna Lawrence cringed in pain, her face scrunched up. 
Damn it. 
Had this man been a dog in his previous life? 
He actually bit her, and bit her so painfully. 
"Does your husband need to really spoil you, so you’d be willing to change what you call me?" It seemed like one bite was not enough to vent his annoyance, he bit down on the corner of her lips again.
###Chapter 577: Chapter 576: Do You Think I Want to Cry?
This time, the bite wasn’t as hard. 
It was just a light bite. 
But the two bites were in the same spot, so Joanna Lawrence still frowned in pain and placed her small hand on his chest, pushing him away annoyedly: "Ashton Heath, it hurts..." 
"Not willing to change your tone?" A dangerous curve appeared at the corner of Ashton Heath’s lips, and this time, his big hand directly held the back of her head, deepening the previous punitive kiss. 
This time, it was a genuine kiss. 
The man kissed her deeply and forcefully. 
In a moment, Joanna was like a fish deprived of oxygen, her face showing an abnormal flush, her eyes wide open and breathing becoming rapid. 
Just when she felt like she was about to faint from lack of breath, the man finally reluctantly let her go. 
Fresh air flooded her nose and mouth. 
Joanna immediately gasped for air, looking as if she had come back to life, and seemed quite embarrassed. 
It wasn’t her first time kissing Ashton Heath. 
Moreover, he had taught her how to breathe during such moments. 
But that kiss just now was too intense and lingering, making her feel almost dizzy. 
Her mind was hazy, and empty. 
She couldn’t remember how to breathe during the kiss. 
The man’s kissing skills were getting better every time, and every time she kissed him, Joanna felt like she was going to faint. 
Her body would also have a strong reaction. 
Ashton Heath looked at her with a mixture of amusement and affection, his hand stroking her back to help her catch her breath: "Still don’t know how to breathe? Is it because I didn’t teach you well enough, or because we haven’t practiced enough? How about..." 
Joanna raised her tear-filled eyes, red and seemingly accusing. 
As if to silently say: Ashton Heath, you’re a bad person, you bullied me! 
Ashton Heath had originally wanted to force her to call him "husband," but seeing her pitiful and aggrieved appearance, he suddenly couldn’t bear it. 
If he pushed further, he would feel like the bad guy himself. 
Bullying her. 
But he really wanted to hear her call him "husband" to his face. 
Although he had already heard her call him "husband" in front of others, it felt completely different when she did it in person. 
He thought that if Joanna did call him "husband" to his face, he wouldn’t be able to control himself. 
And then she wouldn’t let him touch her. 
So, the one who would suffer would still be himself. 
Forget it, he shouldn’t make things difficult for himself. 
Furthermore, he admittedly had been quite beastly today, making her cry several times. If he made her cry once more, he wouldn’t be able to bear it. 
If she didn’t want to call him that, then so be it. 
After all, their marriage certificate had been torn up, and he was her real husband. 
Eventually, she would have to call him "husband." 
There was no need to rush. 
"Alright, alright, if Baby doesn’t want to call me that, then don’t." The man’s voice was very low and gentle, coaxing and patient, "Just don’t cry anymore, it hurts me to see it." 
"Your eyes won’t look good if they’re swollen from crying." 
Joanna glared at him: "Do you think I want to cry?" 
It’s all because he was too beastly!! 
The one who bullied her into crying was clearly him, but now he was pretending to be a gentleman. 
Humph, hypocritical. 
"Mmm, it’s my fault." Ashton Heath admitted his mistake quickly and apologized sincerely, "It’s my fault, I’m to blame. You can hit me or scold me, whatever you want, as long as Baby doesn’t cry. Anything is fine."
###Chapter 578: Chapter 577: The ominous premonition is getting stronger and stronger
* 
Joanna Lawrence was carried out of the bathroom by Ashton Heath. 
She raised a pair of teary eyes, the pupils red and filled with accusation as she looked at him. 
The man beside her spoke softly and gently, his tone full of patience and love, "Alright, baby, it was my fault just now. Don’t cry anymore, it breaks my heart to see you like this." 
"You won’t look good if your eyes become swollen from crying." 
Joanna didn’t say a word, just red-eyed, aggrieved, and angry, glowering at him. 
This silent accusation was more headache-inducing than her crying and making a scene with Ashton. 
But he knew that he had indeed gone too far this time, bullying her too hard. 
So, the man had a great attitude admitting his mistakes, patiently and softly coaxing, "It’s my fault, it’s my fault. You can hit or scold me. As long as my baby stops crying, anything is fine." 
"Sweetheart, don’t cry anymore." 
"Tell me, what do I have to do to get your forgiveness?" 
Thinking of how he had bullied her so hard, Joanna felt that she couldn’t let him off easily. 
Her black pupils swirled, a hint of craftiness flashing in her eyes. 
"This is what you said. Whatever I want, really?" 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Mm-hmm." 
Joanna stared at his face, prettier than a woman’s, and hooked up a wicked grin, "Okay, then we agree. You must not go back on your word." 
Ashton suddenly had a bad premonition. He looked down at the girl in his arms who was grinning maliciously and couldn’t help but ask, "Baby, what do you want me to do? Are you trying to trap me?" 
"No, no." Joanna pursed her lips, secretly delighted, and cleared her throat, "Am I that kind of person?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He felt she was precisely that kind of person. 
"So tell me, what do you want me to do?" 
"Actually, it’s very simple. There’s no difficulty for you at all." 
"So?" 
What did she want him to do in the end? 
Could she give him a straight answer? 
Joanna put on a mysterious demeanor: "You don’t need to do anything for now, I’ll tell you later." 
Ashton Heath: "?!?!" 
Why was that ominous feeling growing stronger and stronger in his heart? 
* 
The next day, as she didn’t have to go to school, Joanna slept in late. 
When she finished freshening up and went downstairs, Ashton Heath had already finished breakfast and gone to the company. 
Joanna made an appointment with Linda to meet in a cafe downtown. After eating, she asked the driver to take her to the agreed place. 
When she got out of the car, she happened to bump into Linda, who was getting out of a BMW car. 
The two ran into each other in the underground parking lot. Seeing her, Linda was stunned for a moment and then thoughtfully glanced at the Rolls-Royce behind Joanna. 
Back when Linda was still Annie’s agent, she had known that Joanna was dating a very wealthy man. 
At one point, it had made Annie particularly annoyed. 
That time, she saw the man driving a limited-edition Lamborghini. 
This time, Joanna got out of a limited-edition Rolls-Royce. 
People who had one of the limited-edition luxury cars that cost tens of millions of dollars were already impressive, and now another one... 
It was also a limited-edition luxury car worth tens of millions of dollars. 
Linda couldn’t afford these cars, but she knew very well the distinguished and distinguished status of those who owned these limited-edition luxury cars. 
What’s more... 
She also saw that man’s appearance that day. 
Even now, recalling it, Linda felt amazed. 
In her nearly ten years in the entertainment industry, she had seen countless good-looking artists under her wing. 
But even the best-looking male artist she had ever worked with was not one-tenth as attractive as that man. 
It was not just about looks, but also an overwhelming aura. 
That air of nobility, supreme dominance, and powerful charisma was hard to find in a second person. 
If one did not grow up in an environment of extreme wealth and privilege, it was impossible to cultivate such an aura. 
David Benington also came from a well-off family background. 
His looks and abilities were considered good amongst his peers. 
But no matter how good, comparisons can be harsh. 
Compared to the man she saw that day, the phrase "worlds apart" was vividly and thoroughly illustrated.
###Chapter 579: Chapter 578: Cannot Date for the First Three Years of Signing
Linda gazed thoughtfully for a few seconds, her lips curving, as a fleeting expression flashed across her eyes before slowly fading away. 
She stepped forward with a smile, her high heels making a "clack, clack" sound on the ground as she slowly walked up to Joanna Lawrence. 
"What a coincidence." Linda flicked a stray curl away from her chest as she stood in front of Joanna, speaking with a gentle smile, "We arrived at the same time, didn’t we?" 
Joanna also smiled back at her: "Yeah, what a coincidence. Shall we go in together?" 
"Sure." 
Although Linda had many questions in her heart, she was able to restrain her curiosity, acting as if she knew nothing about certain things. 
* 
At the coffee shop. 
The two each ordered a cup of coffee, and as they were both very direct people, they got straight to the point when discussing business. 
Linda took out the printed contract and handed it to Joanna, "Here’s the signing contract. Please read it carefully, and if there are no issues, we can sign it." 
"Alright." 
Joanna took the contract and began to read it slowly, page by page. 
As the waitress brought their coffees, Linda took a sip, and seeing that Joanna’s gaze hadn’t left the first page for quite a while, she didn’t push her, simply smiling and saying, "Take your time and read carefully."
"I think the company has shown enough sincerity, but if there’s anything you’re unsatisfied with or any questions you have, please feel free to tell me directly." 
"Okay." This was the first talent management contract Joanna had ever received in her two years working in the industry, so she wanted to read it carefully. 
After just a few minutes of reading, she felt that the terms offered in the contract were very good indeed. 
Considering that she was a small newcomer with no fame – and constantly playing bit parts – being offered these kinds of contract terms was already quite generous. 
She couldn’t understand why Linda had so much confidence in her. 
As if she was destined for success. 
Otherwise, why would they offer such favorable terms? 
Even though she hadn’t signed any talent contracts before, Joanna knew that with her current level of fame, she wouldn’t be able to sign a contract like this. 
Even if she hadn’t tasted pork, she had at least seen a pig run. 
There are several types of contracts in the entertainment industry. 
ABCDE, based on the artist’s varying levels of fame and potential abilities, determine which contract to sign. 
Under normal circumstances, Joanna and others like her would sign the lowest-level contract. 
Once they gained some fame, they could upgrade to other contracts. 
But Linda... 
Linda had directly pushed her into an A-class contract. 
Her contract was only one level lower than those of top-tier artists. 
Signing a new talent with no work experience to an A-class contract was a risk for Linda as well. 
If she couldn’t make Joanna famous even after investing so many resources, Linda probably wouldn’t have a future at HE Company either. 
Half an hour later. 
Joanna had carefully read the entire contract, word by word and paragraph by paragraph. 
After finishing, she felt even more that Linda was taking a big risk. 
The terms offered in the contract were even better than she had imagined. 
It could be said that they demonstrated great sincerity. 
"Finished reading?" Linda asked, seeing Joanna put down the contract and pick up her cup to take a sip of coffee. Hooking her lips, she asked, "What do you think? Is there anything that you’d like to change?" 
Joanna shook her head. 
"No, the terms offered in the contract are very good, and I have no complaints." 
"So..." 
"But..." Joanna hesitated for a moment, thought it over, and decided to speak up: "I just noticed that the contract requires that the artist can’t date anyone for the first three years after signing, right?"
###Chapter 580: Chapter 579: Your boyfriend, he’s not an insider, is he?
Actually, she also understood this rule. 
Truly turning an unknown newcomer into a first or second-tier celebrity, even three years is considered short. 
The company has spent years carefully nurturing talents, of course, they hope that the artists could devote their heart and soul into their career. 
Not to be entangled in their feelings, indulging in love all day long without ambition. 
Male artists are slightly better in this regard, after all, most men are rational. 
However, once female artists are in a relationship, they easily fall in love deeply. 
And women who are engrossed in their relationships find it hard to devote themselves entirely to their career. 
The company’s rule is simply intended to avoid their resources being wasted. 
"Hmm." When Linda saw her ask this question, she basically guessed what she was about to say. Swallowing her curiosity, she pretended to be oblivious and asked, "Is there a problem?" 
"I think since you’ve shown your sincerity, I should be truthful too," Joanna Lawrence said directly, "I might not be able to keep this rule. To be honest, I now have a boyfriend, and I don’t plan to break up with him, so...." 
Break up with Ashton Heath for the signing? 
Considering Ashton Heath’s dangerously strong possessiveness, Joanna Lawrence felt she might actually die in his bed. 
She did not dare try it. 
What she meant was if Linda could accept it, they could keep discussing. 
If she couldn’t accept it, then there’s no need to discuss the signing. 
Originally, she thought Linda might reconsider, or directly refuse to sign her. 
Who knew, after hearing her words, Linda did not show any unhappiness. 
Joanna Lawrence even saw her eyes light up. 
This was the same reaction Aria Rowlett would have when she hears an interesting gossip. 
Her: "..." 
So what was this reaction of Linda, where she seemed eager to hear the gossip about? 
Shouldn’t she be bothered that she already has a boyfriend and persuade her to break up? 
There have been numerous instances of artists breaking up with their partners for the sake of their careers before signing. 
"Your boyfriend, is he the man that drove you here in a Rolls-Royce today?" Linda made her best effort to appear normal while asking this. However, unbeknown to her, the fleeting glimmer of gossip in her eyes had already been noticed by Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...No, that’s his driver." 
Linda nodded as a sign of understanding. 
It’s normal for rich people to have drivers. 
"Your boyfriend, he is not an insider, right?" Even though Linda just casually asked this, of course she knew he was not an insider. 
If there was a male artist with such conditions inside the circle, she would have poached him long ago. 
It is impossible to have no impression at all. 
Moreover, a male artist with such outstanding appearance would have gained fame by now. 
"Yes. He’s not an insider." Joanna Lawrence answered half truthfully and half falsely, "He’s running a company and doing some small business. He and I... we have a very good relationship, and I have no plans to separate from him because of my career." 
"So, if you can’t accept the fact that I have a boyfriend, then the signing..." 
Linda: "..." 
Just casually driving two limited edition luxury cars that cost tens of millions of dollars. 
Is this the kind of wealth and power that a person doing a little business could have? 
But she also understood, Joanna Lawrence was not obligated to tell her the truth. 
So she just pretended to believe, and nodded, "I see, since both of you met before the signing, it would seem harsh on my part to break up your relationship because of the signing."
###Chapter 581: Chapter 580: I Don’t Want Your Love Life to Be Made Public
"I never intended to make you break up." 
Joanna was stunned, raising her head: "Can you accept this?" 
Linda smiled, her smile carrying a hint of helplessness: "Honestly, not quite. But, even if I don’t accept, you won’t sign with me. So, I have to compromise." 
Joanna: "..." 
"I won’t ask you to break up, but there’s one thing I hope you can promise me." Linda sat up straight, her face showing a serious expression. 
"Go ahead." 
"You two can continue dating, but I don’t want your love life to be public. You don’t have any fame now, and you are just a newcomer. If your relationship goes public before your career takes off, it will be very unfavorable for your future development." 
Linda genuinely saw potential in Joanna. 
In Joanna, she saw all kinds of potential to make a big splash in the industry. 
That’s why she really wanted to sign Joanna. 
If it were any other artist who started dating before signing a contract and unwilling to break up, she wouldn’t be willing to compromise like this. 
Because such a situation would expose her to many risks. 
But she genuinely didn’t want to miss out on such a promising talent. 
Yet if Joanna didn’t want to promise her this, then she would have to painfully let her go. 
"Okay, I promise," Joanna took less than a minute to decide, giving her answer, "I can keep the relationship private." 
Anyway, she and Ashton Heath haven’t gone public to date. 
She thought Ashton could understand her, right? 
So, without consulting him, Joanna agreed on her own. 
Relief and joy appeared on Linda’s face. 
Thank goodness Joanna agreed. 
Otherwise, letting such a promising talent go would truly break her heart. 
"Since we don’t have any ions, shall we sign the contract now?" Linda had always been efficient in her work, preferring to resolve matters on the spot rather than dragging them to the next day. She took out a pen from her bag. 
"Get the contract signed early, so I can arrange your schedule." 
"I heard you just signed onto a TV series directed by Gary White?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded, "I’ll join the film crew in three days." 
"In that case, before then, I need to find you an assistant." After some thought, Linda continued, "Because you haven’t achieved anything yet, we might not be able to get you a nanny car. The most we can do is get you an assistant." 
Joanna never even thought about a nanny car. 
She knew her place in the industry. 
She had to be at least third-tier before she would dare to request one. 
Even if Linda didn’t explain this, Joanna wouldn’t be making such demands. 
"Linda, actually, you don’t need to find me an assistant. I..." 
Now that Joanna has decided to have Linda as her agent, she naturally needs to change the way she addresses her. 
Calling her "Linda" is more appropriate. 
As soon as she heard "Linda," Linda felt extraordinarily comfortable. 
She thought Joanna was a smart girl. 
Unlike Annie Lawrence... 
When she was in Galaxy Agency, which artist wouldn’t politely call her Linda. 
Only Annie Lawrence, relying on being David Benington’s woman, called her by her name directly. 
She was never polite to Linda. 
Thinking back, to put up with Annie for so long was the most patient she’d ever been. 
"You must have an assistant." Linda said, her tone much gentler, "Having an assistant to help you handle many things will be much more convenient."
###Chapter 582: Chapter 581: It’s only been a few days since they broke up, and there’s already a new target?
"Besides, you’re one of the talents that I’ve managed to sign after much effort, so I can’t let you down." 
Joanna Lawrence was not pretentious. 
After a brief refusal, she nodded and agreed, "Okay, thank you, Linda." 
Finding an assistant was only good for her, with no drawbacks. 
Deep down, she certainly wanted an assistant. 
"Gary White’s TV series has always been well-received. Signing your first role with him, and as the Female Lead 3 at that, is a very good start," Linda pondered for a moment and analyzed, "First, gain popularity through this series, and the road ahead will be much easier." 
"He’s great at promoting newcomers, and many actors who have starred in his productions have become famous. So, you must perform well and put your heart into it." 
Linda wasn’t surprised that Joanna Lawrence got the role of Female Lead 3. 
She had known about Joanna Lawrence’s potential for a long time. 
If it hadn’t been for Annie Lawrence’s constant meddling over the years, even if Joanna might not have become famous, she’d still be far better off than she is now.
She would surely have had no problem making it as a third-tier actress. 
"I know, Linda. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely do my best." 
* 
Upon leaving the coffee shop, 
Joanna Lawrence was about to decide whether to go back and study the script or to see Ashton Heath at the Heath Group. However, she caught sight of a familiar figure that she didn’t want to see. 
Next to the coffee shop was a high-end restaurant. 
A man and a woman walked out from the revolving glass door. 
The man in front, wearing a white shirt and white pants, had an exquisite appearance and a gentle demeanor. His slim and tall figure and outstanding good looks attracted the admiring glances of several women. 
His attractive female companion was also dressed in a designer outfit. 
The two of them were laughing and talking as if they were enjoying each other’s company. 
As they descended the stairs, the woman’s long high heels suddenly twisted to one side. Her curvaceous body was about to fall forward, and it seemed that she would fall to the ground. 
Fortunately, the man beside her acted as a timely hero, reaching out a hand and swooping her into his arms. 
He then brought her closer to his chest. 
As the woman fell into his arms, her face turned red. She looked up at him with a longing gaze, clearly smitten. 
Seeing this scene suddenly, Joanna Lawrence had an uncomfortable feeling as if she had swallowed a fly. 
Although she had known for a long time that David Benington was no good, 
Wasn’t he together with Annie Lawrence now? 
And Annie was pregnant with his child. 
So what was going on with him shamelessly flirting with another woman in broad daylight? 
Even if he was scum, this seemed too desperate. 
It had only been a few days since their break-up, and he already had a new target? 
Joanna Lawrence truly felt that this man was constantly lowering her standards of decency. 
Even when she thought he couldn’t possibly be more shameless, he was capable of doing even more shameless and disgusting things. 
After the woman had fallen into David’s arms, she didn’t move again. 
Obviously, David didn’t push her away either. 
The two gazed into each other’s eyes lovingly for a while before David suddenly seemed to sense something and turned his head abruptly. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t have time to avert her gaze. 
In an instant, their eyes met. 
When he saw her, David was clearly stunned, his eyes wide in surprise. 
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t expected him to notice her. 
What was amusing to her was that she even saw a hint of panic in David’s eyes. 
It was as if he’d been caught by her doing something wrong. 
But in reality, they’d already broken up and had no relationship whatsoever.
###Chapter 583: Chapter 582: Driven Mad by Jealousy
It was as if he had been caught doing something wrong by her. 
But in reality, the two of them had long broken up and had no relationship with each other anymore. 
She didn’t even know why David Benington appeared so flustered. 
As for David, a top-notch ex who had disgusted her many times, Joanna Lawrence had no intention of reminiscing with him at all. 
Even a few seconds of eye contact made her feel uncomfortable. 
She stared at David for a few seconds, the corner of her lips curled into a mocking smile, and then she withdrew her gaze, turned around, and walked toward the side of the road. 
Zack had dropped her off and was originally going to wait for her. 
But Joanna was afraid that he would have to wait too long, so she let him go first. 
She walked to the side of the road to see if there were any empty taxis on the street. 
After being disgusted by David, she decided to go find Ashton Heath to clean her eyes and soothe her mood. 
However, before she could hail an empty taxi, an annoying voice sounded from behind her. 
"Joanna, listen to me, it’s not what you think. I have nothing to do with that woman..." 
David, with a panicked face, chased after her. 
When he first saw Joanna, he was truly shocked and pleasantly surprised. 
He didn’t expect to meet the woman he had been thinking about day and night in such a place. 
But immediately afterward, when he saw the mocking smile on Joanna’s lips, his pleasant surprise turned into panic. 
Seeing her leave without any hesitation, he felt alarmed and chased after her without thinking. 
The woman who was with him was pushed away by him, nearly falling to the ground, and she stomped her feet in anger. 
But David had no time to care about her. 
His heart was full of Joanna. 
He had thought that after breaking up with him, she would become haggard and demoralized, and never recover. But not only did she not become as unbearable as he had imagined, but she also became even more beautiful and alluring to him. 
Just when he saw her earlier, David’s breathing was messed up for a few beats. 
His heartbeat had also stopped for several beats. 
She was just like before, not liking to wear makeup, dressing simply and cleanly. 
But even simple attire couldn’t conceal her natural beauty. 
She dressed so casually, but she looked many times better than the woman beside him who had exquisite makeup and dressed well. 
Easily, she could draw away all his attention. 
She was beautiful before, but now... even more so. 
And now, she seemed a little different than before. 
Before, she had the beauty of a pure young girl, but now she seemed to have added a few hints of a charming woman’s allure. 
David had also been through several women. 
So, he could instantly see the changes in Joanna. 
Thinking of her being touched by other men, he felt sour, jealous, and filled with a lot of unwillingness. 
It was like a piece that originally belonged to him, a treasure he had cherished for so long but hadn’t dared move, had now become someone else’s. 
All the places he hadn’t dared to touch had been touched by others. 
As soon as he thought that the woman he craved was already touched by another man- 
Her first time, given to another man. 
David was almost driven mad with jealousy. 
He had protected her for so many years, but she never gave in to him. 
She always said that they could only do that sort of thing after getting married. 
But why was she able to give herself to another man before marriage? 
For a moment, he felt a sense of betrayal, anger, and a sense of being cuckolded. 
He reached out his hand to grab her, wanting to question why she could give herself to another man, but not to him.
###Chapter 584: Chapter 583: I Still Hope You Can Give Me a Chance
However, as soon as he reached out his hand, he saw the woman in front of him dodge in disgust. 
David Benington was taken aback, and the expression on his face froze. 
"Mr. Benington, you seem to have misunderstood something. Whatever your relationship is with that woman, I am not interested in knowing, and it has nothing to do with me. You’ve got the wrong person if you want to explain," she snapped. 
If Joanna Lawrence used to have a bit of distaste for David before, 
She could say that she now dislikes him very much. 
She questioned again what kind of taste she used to have. 
How could she not have seen that this man in front of her could be such a scoundrel? 
Ironically, she once foolishly thought that David Benington was a rare good man. 
She even thought that being an affluent offspring, he had not developed many bad habits of rich men. 
She thought he was different from those men who like to play with women’s emotions. 
In retrospect, she must have been blind. 
She finally believed a saying. 
There is not a single good man. 
All crows are black under the heaven. 
There isn’t a cat that doesn’t steal. 
If she hadn’t discovered it earlier, it was only because he had hidden it so well. 
Otherwise, how could she not know when he and Annie Lawrence had been together for so long. 
If Annie hadn’t actively sought her out, perhaps she would continue to be in the dark. 
With these thoughts, Joanna felt even more disgusted with the man in front of her. 
Her dodging motion and disgusted expression irritated David Benington. 
She could enjoy lying under another man, yet be so repulsed by his touch. 
Did she really dislike him that much? 
"Joanna, I know you’re still angry with me." David looked at the woman before him with a somewhat infatuated look, took a deep breath, suppressed the anger in his heart, and said as calmly as possible, "I know I was in the wrong. I did something I should not have done to you." 
"No matter how much I say or do, I cannot undo my mistakes." 
"But – I still hope that you will give me another chance."
He thought clearly now, he still loved Joanna Lawrence. 
The only person he genuinely cared for was her. 
In this life, he would probably never meet another woman he liked as much. 
Therefore, he didn’t want to give up just like that. 
He wanted to work hard to win her back. 
He had already decided that once Annie Lawrence was discharged from the hospital, he would break up with her. 
After breaking up, he would be single again. 
He could then legitimately pursue her. 
He had once been confused and done something wrong, which caused great harm to her. 
In the future, he would try to treat her well and make up for his mistakes. 
"That woman just now has nothing to do with me. She is the daughter of one of my uncles and just returned from abroad. My mother asked me to take her out to get familiar with the environment, and we just had a meal together, nothing else happened." 
"When you saw us just now, she had accidentally sprained her ankle, and I was just politely helping her." 
Even though Joanna Lawrence looked like she didn’t want to deal with him, David still wanted to explain what had just happened. 
He didn’t want her to misunderstand him. 
What he said were mostly truths. 
He wasn’t interested in the woman just now, only reluctantly agreeing to this blind date due to Mrs. Benington’s incessant requests. 
It was merely a formality. 
His mind was all about Joanna Lawrence; how could he be interested in other women?
###Chapter 585: Chapter 584: For the Rest of My Life, I Will Definitely Treat You Well
Moreover, even though that woman can be considered a beauty, she pales in comparison to Joanna Lawrence. 
Especially since that woman has had plastic surgery. 
That nose, that jawline, it’s obvious they are surgically enhanced. 
Joanna Lawrence, on the other hand, is all natural. 
David Benington has known her for ten years. Ten years ago, she was as beautiful as a Barbie doll, and countless boys at school liked her. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t believe what she was hearing. 
Her eyes widened, "What did you say? You want me to give you a chance?" 
Is this something a human can say? 
Does he have no shame at all? 
He could even utter such shameless words. 
"Yes." David Benington looked at her affectionately, "Joanna, I know you still have feelings for me in your heart, and I’ve always had feelings for you. In all these years, you’re the only woman I genuinely liked. I can’t forget about you, and I can’t forget our days together." 
"I believe, it’s not only me who reminisces those days, you do too, right?" 
A decade of feelings. 
It’s impossible for her to have no feelings for him at all. 
Her indifference towards him, her revulsion at every turn, her avoidance of him, are all because she’s angry about the pain he caused her. 
"Joanna, let’s reconcile." David Benington walked up emotionally, and reached for her hand again, "Annie and I have already broken up, and I’m single now. Give me a chance to make up for my past mistakes, okay?" 
"I swear, for the rest of my life, I will treat you well." 
"I will never do anything that will harm you again." 
This time, Joanna Lawrence heard clearly. 
Upon hearing that David Benington had broken up with Annie Lawrence, she was taken aback. But soon, as he continued speaking, her expression sank. 
Looking at his outstretched hand, her entire body instinctively repelled him and she felt disgusting. She quickly shifted to one side, avoiding him with a face full of disgust. 
David Benington\’s outstretched hand caught nothing but air and his face turned a bit unpleasant. 
Joanna Lawrence’s expression was even worse, she almost vomited out her overnight meal due to nausea. 
She thought, she truly underestimated David Benington’s shamelessness. 
"David Benington, can you stop being disgusting?" Joanna Lawrence snapped, "Whether you’ve broken up with Annie or not is none of my business, whether you’re single or not has absolutely nothing to do with me. From the moment we broke up, in my heart, you’ve been as good as dead." 
"You asked me to give you a chance, huh, what chances do you think I could give to a dead man?" 
"Let me make this clear for you." Ignoring David Benington’s gloomy face, Joanna Lawrence didn’t want to be any further harassed by her disgusting ex after the breakup. She lowered her voice, and spoke in a word by word manner, "Even if all the men in the world are dead, and only you and a pig are left, I would choose the pig, I will never get back together with you." 
David Benington’s ego has been battered repeatedly. 
Upon hearing Joanna Lawrence say that she would rather choose a pig than get back together with him, his face suddenly changed, angrily retorting: "Joanna Lawrence, are you really willing to fall that low? You would rather be someone else’s mistress, being played around with, rather than being my, David Benington’s, rightful girlfriend?" 
"What’s so good about that man that makes you so devoted to him? Is it because he’s especially good in bed and has satisfied you, so you can’t bear to leave him?"
###Chapter 586: Chapter 585: I Can’t Be Without You
"Smack." 
As soon as he finished speaking, he received a heavy slap on his face. 
It made his head tilt to the side. 
Even though Joanna Lawrence was already well aware that David Benington was a scumbag, he managed to lower her expectations every time they met. 
Just when she thought he was shameless enough, he immediately did something even more despicable. 
For a moment, Joanna wanted to gouge out her own eyes. 
She laughed out of anger, "David, I really need to thank Annie Lawrence now. If it wasn’t for her, I wouldn’t have known how blind I was." 
David covered the slapped side of his face, and slowly turned to face her. 
Joanna didn’t hold back her slap at all. David’s fair and handsome face immediately showcased five bright-red finger marks, and blood trailed from the corner of his mouth. 
His eyes were slightly red, full of anger and hurt. 
Joanna’s gaze was cold and indifferent, and when she looked at him, it was even colder and more distant than when looking at a stranger. "How I choose to live my life is none of your concern. What do you have to do with my business?" 
"From now on, I don’t ever want to see you again." 
"Because you truly make me sick!"
After saying her last words, Joanna didn’t want to look at him anymore and turned around to walk away. 
The moment she left, her retreating figure emanated a sense of determination. 
As if they would never meet again. 
David had already regretted his words as soon as they left his mouth. 
But once they were spoken, they couldn’t be taken back. 
When he saw Joanna turn and leave, he panicked. 
Without thinking, he chased after her. 
He reached out to grab her arm. 
"Joanna, don’t go. I’m sorry I said the wrong thing," David tightly clung to her arm, not letting her leave. "I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it. I was just jealous of that man, so I said thoughtless words." 
"Joanna, please forgive me." 
"I truly love you, I can’t be without you. Can you give me one more chance? I promise I’ll treat you well, love you wholeheartedly for the rest of my life. If you agree, we can go and get our marriage certificate right now." 
"Let’s go get our marriage certificate now, okay?" 
"I’ll marry you right away." 
"If you enjoy film shooting, you can sign with Galaxy Agency in the future. I can use all of Galaxy Agency’s resources to make you famous." 
"Joanna, as long as you forgive me and stay with me. I can agree to any conditions." 
"Tell me, what do you want? Anything that man can give you, I can give you too." 
He was capable of giving her no less than that man. 
Whatever that man could give her, he could give her too. 
And he could still give her some things that man couldn’t offer. 
He didn’t believe that she would genuinely prefer being someone else’s mistress to becoming the glorious and dignified Mrs. Benington. 
"David Benington, let go of me," Joanna said, her face ashen. 
David’s grip on her arm was strong and tight. 
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t shake him off. 
The harder she tried to shake him off, the tighter he held her arm, "Joanna, please forgive me, just give me one more chance, let me make it up to you." 
The two of them struggled in the middle of the street. 
Both of them were attractive, and they quickly garnered the attention of passersby. 
A few onlookers had already turned their heads in their direction, thinking it was a couple quarreling.
###Chapter 587: Chapter 586: It’s Actually Frank Parker
Seeing people were paying attention, David not only didn’t feel embarrassed, but also raised his voice, addressing the bystanders, "Joanna, I’m sincerely sorry. I promise never to let you down again. If you don’t believe me, I can swear right in front of everyone." 
"I need everyone here as my witnesses. If I ever fail to make my girlfriend happy, may I be struck by a thunderbolt." 
The bystanders detected the couple was quarrelling. 
And visibly, the man was the one to blame. 
However, seeing David’s dashing looks and sincere apology, they started pleading to Joanna on his behalf, "Miss, your boyfriend seems genuinely sorry. It’s clear how much he cares about you, please forgive him." 
"Indeed, what couple doesn’t fight? The arguing adds spice to a relationship." 
"Young lady, please forgive your boyfriend. Looks like he’s on the verge of tears." 
"Yes, young lady, you..." 
The onlookers were all for reconciliation, each saying their piece. 
Seeing the bystanders were all speaking on his behalf, a gleam of satisfaction flashed through David’s eyes. 
As the crowd grew, he saw the opportunity to repent. After a moment of hesitation, he knelt with one knee on the ground. 
"Joanna, please forgive me." David put his hand in his suit pocket, fishing out a small red box. 
As the crowd cheered him on, he offered the box to Joanna. Looking up at her with deep, affectionate eyes, he said, "Will you marry me? Allow me to protect you, love you, take care of you for the rest of our lives." 
Then, he opened the box. 
A huge diamond ring shone brilliantly under the sunlight, nearly blinding everyone. 
Seeing the ring, the cheering from the crowd grew louder. 
"Marry him, marry him." 
"Marry him!!!" 
David had bought the ring the previous day. 
When he decided to reconcile with Joanna, he had purchased it. 
The dove-egg-sized diamond ring cost over 10 million dollars per piece. 
This was the most expensive gift David had ever bought. 
If this ring could win the woman he loved back, he believed it was worth it. 
Initially, he hadn’t planned to propose so soon. 
He had planned a much more romantic, atmospheric proposal ceremony. 
But the atmosphere was just right at that moment. 
He had to seize this opportunity. 
Seeing the cheering crowd and the man kneeling in front of her, Joanna was shaking with anger. 
Just as she was about to slap David, a cold voice sounded from afar, "I never thought the successor of Benington Group would shamelessly do such a despicable thing in public, forcing a marriage." 
"Can’t you see she’s not willing? Yet you still play out these laughable dramas, deluding yourself." 
This voice... 
Joanna was taken aback, looking up. 
At some point, the crowd had divided into two rows, making way. 
A tall figure strode over from that cleared path. 
When the man fully emerged from the crowd, Joanna could see his face clearly, and her eyes widened in shock. 
She opened her mouth in surprise, "Fra..." 
It was Frank Parker. 
At Frank’s appearance, the earlier cheers gradually died down. 
This was a man whose presence could instantly cool the surrounding atmosphere. 
His face held a stern warning, "I’m not to be trifled with; mess with me and you’ll regret it."
###Chapter 588: Chapter 587: Mr. David, They Said It’s Not
The popcorn eaters were all intimidated by his aura, and they all quieted down in unison. 
David Benington was stunned when he saw Frank Parker. 
A look of surprise appeared on his face. 
He froze for several seconds, then slowly stood up. 
David naturally knew Frank Parker. 
He was a famous hot-tempered rich playboy in Closia, and no one dared to provoke him. 
In front of others, David could still be respectfully called Mr. David. 
But in front of Frank Parker, he was nothing. 
Thinking of Frank Parker actually speaking up for Joanna Lawrence earlier, his face changed, and he looked at Joanna with a complicated expression. 
Was she acquainted with Frank Parker? 
But that seemed impossible. 
With Joanna’s background, how could she possibly know Frank Parker? 
And yet, he had spoken up for her. 
What kind of relationship did they have? 
"So it’s Mr. Parker," David knew he couldn’t afford to mess with the person in front of him, and his attitude was polite and patient. "Mr. Parker might have misunderstood. I was proposing to my girlfriend, not harassing a stranger." 
"Girlfriend?" Frank Parker sneered. 
Luckily for David, it was Frank Parker who was here today. 
If Ashton Heath were here, David would have had a miserable time. 
Ignoring David, Frank Parker turned to Joanna Lawrence and asked, "Ms. Joanna, he said you’re his girlfriend, are you?" 
Joanna frowned at him for several seconds. Although she hadn’t figured out what he was up to, she shook her head coldly, "No." 
Frank Parker nodded. 
"Mr. David, she said no." 
His soft, seemingly smiling eyes made David feel a chill run down his spine. 
All the hairs on his body stood on end. 
David’s facial expression stiffened, and he forced an unnatural smile. "I made some mistakes and upset her, so she’s giving me the cold shoulder. Mr. Parker, are you acquainted with Joanna?" 
Frank Parker’s lips moved, about to speak, but Joanna suddenly stepped forward and slapped him on the other cheek. 
There were gasps from the people around. 
David was dazed by the slap too. 
He covered his face, looking at Joanna incredulously. 
He probably hadn’t expected that she would slap him again. 
Joanna stared at him with ice-cold eyes, saying word by word, "David Benington, if you dare spread rumors about our relationship in front of others again, the consequences next time won’t be just a slap. You and Annie Lawrence, one is my sister, the other is my fiance, yet you two got together before I even broke up with you." 
"Even a rabbit doesn’t eat grass from its own nest. You did something so disgusting, and you still expect me to forgive you?" 
"This is my last warning, don’t harass me anymore! Otherwise, I won’t be so polite to you anymore!" 
After saying these words, Joanna turned and walked out of the crowd. 
After a brief silence, the popcorn eaters started discussing again after hearing Joanna’s words. 
This time, no one stood up for David. 
Instead, they all looked at him with disgust. 
"So he cheated on his own niece-in-law. No wonder that girl wouldn’t forgive him." 
"That’s indeed excessive. Why did he choose his own niece-in-law of all people?" 
"Wow, that’s disgusting. He looks like a decent person, but it turns out he’s such a scumbag."
###Chapter 589: Chapter 588: He... Will Not Give Up
"I can’t stand the thought of cheating, let alone with my girlfriend’s sister. If my boyfriend dares do that, I’ll beat his dog head in." 
"Not just his dog head, but also break his dog legs, sever his dog tendons, and make him unable to take care of himself for the rest of his life." 
A group of people began pointing and whispering at David. 
His face changed rapidly, becoming increasingly uglier. 
Seeing Joanna getting farther away, he wanted to follow her, but as he took a step forward, he met a pair of cold, chilling eyes. 
David was startled: "Mr. Parker..." 
Frank Parker’s eyes carried a warning, and after a deep look at David, he turned and left. 
With just a glance, David didn’t dare to chase after Joanna anymore. 
His face became rigid as he stood still, glancing down at the unsent diamond ring in his hand. His face darkened, and his fingers clenched tighter. 
He... wouldn’t give up. 
* 
Just as Joanna walked a short distance, she heard Frank Parker calling her from behind. 
"Ms. Joanna, please wait." 
She stopped and turned around. 
Frank also stopped, stood behind her, and looked down at her. 
Joanna couldn’t tell if it was her imagination, but she felt that ever since their encounter at the karaoke bar, Frank’s attitude had become slightly less annoying. 
He didn’t seem to behave as if she owed him a lot of money anymore. 
Her attitude changed along with his. 
Since he wasn’t as annoying, she politely asked, "Mr. Parker, is there something you need?" 
Frank’s expression froze for a second. 
Because he found the title "Mr. Parker" to be somewhat grating. 
Besides, he wasn’t very satisfied with Joanna’s attitude toward him. 
He could feel that she was a bit distant and indifferent to him. 
Her attitude when with Yannick was entirely different. 
When she was with Yannick, she was completely relaxed. 
Frank knew that all of this was his fault. 
His attitude towards Joanna had been terrible before. 
It was unlikely that she would let bygones be bygones at this point. 
But what felt strange to him was that he didn’t think her attitude had been a problem before. 
Why did it bother him now? 
"Was that your ex-boyfriend just now?" Frank didn’t know himself why he had called Joanna over. 
He didn’t have any reason to find her. 
And yet, he had inexplicably chased after her. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment and then nodded, "Yes." 
After asking, Frank didn’t know what else to say. 
In the silence, Joanna stared at him for a few seconds and asked suspiciously, "Mr. Parker, did you come to find me just to ask about this?"
She thought she should have figured out what Frank was trying to do. 
He was worried that she would get entangled with her ex-boyfriend and cuckold his brother? 
So he came to confirm? 
After all, he and Ashton Heath were close brothers, and it was normal for him to worry about his brother being cheated on. 
Frank was taken aback by her question. 
He had no ulterior motives. 
He just... simply wanted to come over and talk to her. 
The midday sunlight was a bit dazzling, shining brightly on the girl in front of him like a white-hot light. 
Her skin was already very pale, and under the sunlight, it became even whiter and reflected light. From head to toe, her whole body seemed to shimmer. 
Her exquisite and beautiful features were flawless; her pitch-black, silky long hair, and the ethereal white long dress she wore...
###Chapter 590: Chapter 589: Ten years ago, did you ever...
This was the first time Frank Parker truly looked closely at a woman. 
He had never really taken a good look at Joanna Lawrence before. 
He had a rough impression of her, knowing that she was an attractive woman. 
But this time, it was different. 
He suddenly found that this girl, whom he had overlooked time and time again, was actually so beautiful. 
She was petite, with delicate features like a fairy. 
Even as someone of Frank’s status had been surrounded by countless beauties since childhood, he had long forgotten what it felt like to be amazed. 
But looking at the girl in front of him, he didn’t know why, his heart suddenly beat a little faster. 
It had been a very long time since he had experienced this feeling. 
He only remembered that when he was very young, probably in the second grade of elementary school, he had once felt his heart beating irregularly. 
At that time, he fell for a gentle and good-looking girl in his class. 
The girl was his deskmate, had excellent grades, a sweet voice, and a soft, cute personality. 
Back then, he was a notorious bully in the school. 
Not only was he ill-tempered, his grades were terrible, and he loved causing trouble. 
At that time, the class was into pairing top students with poorly-performing students, so he was paired with the gentle top student. 
Initially, they did not get along at all. 
Frank even thought he hated the girl, finding her too meddlesome and annoying. 
Until... 
The girl eventually transferred to another school. 
The next day at school, Frank looked at the empty seat beside him and heard that she had transferred away. He didn’t know why, but he felt very sad. 
It wasn’t until a long time later that he learned that he had actually liked the girl. 
He realized that those many episodes of irregular heartbeats were not because he disliked her. 
But rather, he liked her. 
Thinking of that, Frank suddenly widened his eyes, and suddenly, the feeling of irregular heartbeat emerged again. 
His face was full of panic, as if he had seen something scary, and he hastily took a step back.
He stared at Joanna Lawrence with a ghostly expression on his face. 
Joanna: "..." 
She reached out and touched her face. 
What had Frank just seen? 
Was there something terrifying on her face? 
"Mr. Parker, you..." 
Joanna took a step forward, her eyes questioning, wanting to know what he had seen. 
But as soon as she took that step, Frank suddenly stepped back again. 
He seemed utterly keen to avoid her. 
As if she was a venomous creature like a snake or a scorpion. 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt a little depressed. 
As she approached him, a breeze blew, and Frank smelled the sweet scent carried by the air. 
It was like the scent of flowers, mixed with a hint of peach. 
He smelled a familiar scent. 
It was the same scent as that of the girl who had jumped into the water and swam towards him that Night ten years ago. 
Frank clenched his fist, feeling nervous for the first time in his life. 
Confusion flickered in his eyes as he looked at the girl in front of him, puzzled and baffled. 
The person who saved him that night was Rebecca Kelloway. 
But why could he find familiarity time and time again in another woman? 
"Ms. Joanna, you...," Frank stared at her for a moment, his eyebrows furrowed tightly, "Ten years ago, did you ever..."
###Chapter 591: Chapter 590: Are you even trying to compete with me for Frank Parker?
Just then, his phone suddenly rang. 
It interrupted what he was about to ask. 
He took a look and his expression changed slightly, quickly answering the call. 
"Hello." 
"Okay, I’ll be right back." 
After hanging up, looking like he encountered some emergency, Frank Parker took a deep look at Joanna Lawrence and hurriedly left after saying, "Ms. Joanna, I’ve got something to deal with, let’s talk another day." 
Watching his hurriedly leaving figure, Joanna Lawrence stood still, looking confused. 
After a while, the car she called using the car-hailing app also arrived. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t keep thinking about what was wrong with Frank Parker, she texted Ashton Heath on Twitter and then took the car to Heath Group. 
Just as she left in the private car, in a red Maserati behind her, Rebecca Kelloway was biting her lip, her face dark as she stared at the car Joanna rode into the vast stream of traffic. 
"Joanna Lawrence." 
She clenched her teeth, fingers tightly gripping the steering wheel, her eyes filled with ruthless gaze, her face showing a hint of ferocity, "Even Frank Parker, you want to steal from me? Don’t push me." 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence arrived at Heath Group, Cody Aberton came down to greet her. 
Seeing her, Cody Aberton looked especially happy, and after greeting her, he enthusiastically called out, "Ms. Joanna." 
"Keep it down." 
Joanna looked around and then said in a low voice, "In the company, you should still call me Ms. Joanna." 
"Ms. Joanna, don’t worry, no one can hear us." Cody Aberton also looked around, smiled, and whispered, "President Ashton is in a meeting. When you arrive, he told me that you should wait in his office first." 
"Snacks have been prepared. If Ms. Joanna is hungry, you can eat some snacks first. After the meeting, he’ll accompany you for dinner." 
"If Ms. Joanna finds it boring to stay in the company, you can also go shopping at the mall next door. I can go with you." 
"I’ll go to the office and wait for him." 
Joanna thought for a moment, smiling, and said, "I don’t have anything I want to buy, so I don’t feel like going shopping." 
Cody Aberton: "..."
He had never seen a woman like his wife before. 
Incredibly, she didn’t like shopping. 
If it were any other woman, she would have been more than happy to go shopping. 
Buying bags, shoes, jewelry... 
As much as they could buy. 
Anyway, their President Ashton is rich. 
They could buy to death without fear of maxing out their cards. 
But Ms. Joanna... 
Really saved a lot of money for President Ashton. 
If an ordinary man met such a wife, he would privately rejoice. 
But their President Ashton... 
Probably felt very frustrated, and without a sense of accomplishment. 
Cody Aberton wanted to persuade her again, thought silently, and threw out various temptations: "Ms. Joanna, are you sure you don’t want to go shopping? I heard that major brands have new season items on sale, and, I have a VIP card for the mall next door, many goods can be at least 20% off or even 50% off, it can save a lot of money." 
Joanna Lawrence was about to enter the elevator when she heard this, and was tempted. 
She stopped, looked up, and blinked, "Even 50% off? Are you sure?" 
Seeing her finally showing a little interest, Cody Aberton felt an inexplicable sense of excitement and accomplishment, and immediately nodded, "I’m sure, I’m sure. Ms. Joanna, you should go shopping, right? The meeting has just started, and it will be at least an hour before it’s over. You’ll be too bored waiting in the office alone, better to go where there are more people and shop around..."
###Chapter 592: Chapter 591: Baby, where are you?
Indeed, Joanna Lawrence was tempted by that half-off sale. 
She hesitated for a moment, then nodded, "Alright, let’s go shopping at the mall." 
She didn’t have anything in particular she wanted to buy. 
However, she thought she could get some clothes and shoes for Jeremy Lawrence. 
Thinking about it further, she realized she hasn’t bought anything for Ashton Heath yet. 
Perhaps, she really should go shopping at the mall. 
* 
Once Joanna arrived at the mall, she made a beeline for the men’s apparel section. 
She knew that the clothes Ashton wore were usually custom-made. Even though they weren’t branded, they were much more expensive than those from luxury menswear brands. 
Therefore, she had no intention of fobbing him off with cheap items. 
She wandered into several luxury menswear stores, and after half an hour, she chose a tie that cost tens of thousands of dollars and a black shirt that he regularly wore. 
When it came time to pay, 
Even though she used the prestige card Ashton had given her, seeing ten thousand dollars subtracted from the account in an instant still made her heart ache. 
After picking Ashton’s gift, she went to athleisure stores to buy some casual clothes that Jeremy loves. 
Cody Aberton accompanied her throughout. By the time Joanna had finished shopping and was preparing to leave the mall, Cody stared at the several bags in his hands in disbelief. 
They were all... men’s items. 
There wasn’t a single item for Joanna herself.
He couldn’t help but ask, "Ms. Joanna, don’t you want to buy something for yourself?" 
Once Joanna got into the elevator and pressed the button for the first floor, it seemed she had no plans to continue shopping. 
"I can’t think of anything I want to buy." 
She thought hard then spread out her hands with a somewhat helpless look, "I have everything at home, I really can’t think of anything else I need. President Ashton overdoes it, he buys piles and piles of everything. There are clothes, shoes, jewelry, I doubt if I could change through them all in a year." 
She suddenly realized that after being with Ashton, she had oddly lost her affinity for shopping. 
The thought of buying clothes was quickly dismissed when she remembered the pile of untouched luxury brand clothes in her closet. 
Thinking of buying shoes, she recalled the cupboard full of unworn shoes. 
Thinking of buying a bag, she remembered... 
In short, no matter what she intended to buy, she would remember she didn’t need it. 
Then, she lost the desire to shop. 
Then, she suddenly realized that the quickest, most effective way to cure an addiction to shopping was to marry an incredibly rich husband. 
Cody: "..." 
Was he just served a dose of puppy love? 
"Speaking of which, Cody." Joanna pointed at one of the bags in his hand, and asked uncertainly, "The tie and cufflinks I chose for President Ashton, do you think he’ll like them?" 
When she was buying them earlier, she used Cody as a model to try them on. 
They looked quite nice. 
But, she didn’t know if Ashton would like them. 
After all, this man has high standards when it comes to clothing, his demands for wearable items would certainly be high. 
Cody didn’t even hesitate to respond, "He’ll certainly love them. As long as Ms. Joanna is the one who bought them, President Ashton will definitely appreciate them." 
"Really?" 
"Ms. Joanna, rest assured" Cody was just short of beating on his chest to guarantee, "It’s a gift you carefully selected, President Ashton will be really happy to know that you bought him a gift." 
* 
Just as Joanna stepped out of the mall, she received a call from Ashton. 
She answered it. 
"Baby, where are you?"
###Chapter 593: Chapter 592: He’s afraid of being disliked.
Joanna Lawrence heard the door opening and she guessed the time, whispering, "Are you done with the meeting?" 
"Yeah." 
On the other side, Ashton Heath opened the office door, but didn’t see his little wife nestled on the sofa waiting for him as he had expected. He felt a bit dissatisfied and his tone was somewhat resentful, "You’re not in the office? Where did you go? Didn’t you promise to wait for me in the office?" 
"I just went to the mall to buy something." Joanna heard the dissatisfaction in the man’s tone and immediately tried to placate him. "I bought you a gift, wait a few more minutes, and I’ll be right back." 
"You bought me a gift?" Ashton Heath’s voice raised slightly, with a hint of delight in his tone. 
Joanna knew that he was appeased. 
She pursed her lips, holding back the urge to laugh. After a light cough to clear her throat, she said with a smile, "Yes. But I don’t know if you will like it..." 
"I like it." 
Before she could finish, the man’s deep voice overflowed with warmth and joy, "I like anything you give me. Baby, what did you buy for me?" 
That line, "I like anything you give me," brought a sweet taste to Joanna’s heart. 
She raised the corner of her lips and said, "It’s a secret for now, I’ll show you later." 
"Alright, I’ll wait for you." 
* 
Back to Heath Group. 
As soon as Joanna entered the office, she was pulled into a warm, solid embrace. 
Before she could react, the man pinched her jaw, and his scorching, damp lips pressed down on hers. 
"Hmm." 
She raised her hands and waved them in the air, glancing at the still open door and Cody Aberton, who was standing at the entrance with wide eyes, blushing as he watched them. Her face flushed red too. 
Her waving hands touched his chest and gently pushed him. 
This kiss didn’t last long. 
After a few seconds, Ashton Heath let her go. 
But the man kissed her forcefully. 
Even though it was just a few seconds, Joanna’s lips were left red and swollen from the kiss. 
She reached out to touch her numb lips, then raised her head and glared at him with embarrassment, not even daring to look at Cody Aberton. 
Ashton Heath, however, was in a joyful mood, hooking his lips. Holding the fragrant, soft girl in his arms, he looked up at Cody, who was still standing at the entrance, unsure of whether to enter or leave. Ashton’s gaze darkened, and in an official tone, he asked, "Why are you still standing there? Are your feet rooted to the ground?" 
Cody Aberton’s face was full of grievance as he raised the bags in his hand, "President Ashton, can I come in and put down the things before I leave?" 
Ashton Heath seemed to notice the bags in his hand for the first time, and frowned with disdain. Holding Joanna, he turned and walked into the office, "Put it on the coffee table and get out." 
"Oh..." 
Cody Aberton felt more aggrieved by the man’s disdain and entered the office with a resentful face. He put the stuff down and left with the same resentful expression. 
He felt so bitter. 
As a special assistant who had been working with President Ashton for many years, he had always felt very important. 
But... 
Ever since President Ashton got married, and ever since there was Ms. Joanna, he felt redundant whenever she was around. 
President Ashton’s eyes and face were full of disdain. 
He was so afraid of being disdained. 
He was afraid that the next second, President Ashton would tell him to go to Fronterra to mine coal.
###Chapter 594: Chapter 593: Dominated by an Inexplicable Sense of Fear
* 
After Cody left. 
As soon as the office door closed, Ashton Heath lowered his head and tried to kiss Joanna again. 
His burning lips pressed down, but they only kissed the back of her hand. 
He frowned in dissatisfaction. 
Joanna raised her head and glared at him. She moved her hand away and pushed his approaching face, "Don’t you want to see what gift I bought for you first?" 
Ashton’s dark eyes fell on her still slightly swollen, tender lips, and the seductive sheen on her lips made his eyes darken. He really wanted to tell her honestly that at this moment, he wanted to taste her sweet lips more than he cared about any gift. 
"Hmm, what did you get me?" 
But before he could say it outright, he suppressed the desire in his heart and asked cooperatively. 
Joanna didn’t speak. She took him by the hand and led him to the coffee table, where she took a shirt and tie from a bag. 
"Here." Joanna’s eyes held a hint of expectation as she observed his expression. "Cody’s build is similar to yours. I had him try it on, so the size should be right. You can try it on too, and if it doesn’t fit, I can return it." 
Ashton glanced down at it. 
Joanna had bought him a black shirt and a matching tie. 
He took them and looked them over but his thoughts were not really on the clothes and tie. While unbuttoning the shirt, he casually asked, "Do you think Cody and I have similar builds?" 
"Yeah." Joanna didn’t catch the veiled meaning in his words and nodded. "You’re both similarly slim, but he’s just a little bit shorter than you. But that doesn’t matter, right? People of your height can wear this size of clothing." 
Ashton nodded without any change in expression. 
He opened the shirt, his slender fingers with well-defined joints gently sliding across the dark buttons on the shirt. His tone was casual as he asked another question: "You seem to get along well with Cody?" 
At this point, Joanna hadn’t noticed anything amiss. 
She nodded honestly, "We’re not too bad. Cody has a good personality and is very patient. He accompanied me shopping for so long and didn’t complain at all. And when I was buying things, he gave me a lot of suggestions. I really think he’s a great guy!" 
Someone’s face finally couldn’t hold back anymore. 
Upon hearing the last sentence "I really think he’s a great guy," a touch of coldness flashed through the man’s deep eyes, and he snorted coldly through his nose. 
It seemed it was time to arrange for Cody to be sent to Fronterra to mine coal. 
Outside the office. 
Cody, who was still trembling with fear, just returned to his workstation when his nose suddenly became itchy, and he sneezed several times. 
At the same time, he felt a chill run up his back and his entire body broke out in goosebumps. 
He felt as though he was being dominated by an inexplicable sense of dread. 
The ominous premonition in his heart grew stronger and stronger. 
Why did he feel like Fronterra was getting closer and closer? 
Was it an illusion caused by excessive fear? 
Inside the office. 
Just as Ashton Heath had decided on the specific date to send Cody to Fronterra to mine coal, a soft, fragrant arm wound around his neck. 
He was startled and looked down to meet a pair of soft, black eyes. The girl’s eyes were soft and watery, shining like stars as she looked at him tenderly. She opened her mouth, her voice soft and delicate, "Ashton Heath, don’t try on the clothes after all. I suddenly feel that the size might not be suitable for you."
###Chapter 595: Chapter 594: You turn your head and glance at me, huh?
Ashton Heath looked at her, and couldn’t help but lower his voice: "Why?" 
Joanna Lawrence blinked: "I just thought about it, Cody Aberton’s figure is far worse than yours, and he can’t even compare to you. What fits him may not be suitable for you. Let’s go to the mall and buy a new one after you get off work." 
Ashton Heath was stunned for a few seconds but quickly felt relieved inside. 
The man’s thin lips curved upwards, and the corners of his slightly narrowed eyes were filled with pleasure. 
Suddenly, he changed his mind and thought that he shouldn’t send Cody to dig coal in Fronterra. 
There were plenty of people digging coal there, so they shouldn’t be in short supply for now. 
If they needed more workers eventually, he would decide whether to send Cody over based on his performance. 
"No need to buy a new one." He finally took a proper look at the black shirt in his hand, which somehow looked perfect to him, and he couldn’t wait to try it on. 
"I think this one is pretty good, and since you picked it for me, it must be suitable." 
Ashton Heath bent down and kissed the forehead of his lovely wife. With a smile, he began to unbutton his shirt. 
When he had unbuttoned a few and his chest was half-exposed, the blushing young wife at his side stared at him with wide eyes. Then she looked away, her earlobes turning red, and asked, "Ashton Heath, why are you taking off your shirt?" 
Ashton Heath followed her gaze and answered honestly, "Didn’t you just ask me to try on the clothes? How can I try on the one you bought for me without taking off the one I’m wearing?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"But you also..." 
"Baby, do you want me to remind you first or go to the resting room to change?" Ashton Heath looked at her shy expression and laughed. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...You should have reminded me first." 
Heat continuously surged on her face. 
Her heart was still beating fast when she thought of the chest she had just glimpsed. 
Even though they had already done the most intimate things, she found Ashton Heath unbuttoning a few buttons of his shirt with his chest partially exposed more tempting than if he were completely naked. 
Every time she saw him like that, her heart raced uncontrollably. 
What made her even more embarrassed was... that she had felt the urge to touch him just now. 
Oh, no, how did she become more and more perverted? 
She was sure she wasn’t that kind of person. 
"What are you shy about?" Ashton Heath chuckled softly. With all the buttons undone, his tempting chest, abs, and Adonis belt were fully exposed. 
He glanced at Joanna Lawrence, then laughed softly again. Bending down, he wrapped his arm around her from behind, slowly drawing her into his embrace. 
His burning lips gently pressed against her ear, whispering huskily, "Haven’t you seen every part of me? What’s there to be shy about when looking at your own husband?" 
Joanna Lawrence felt the man’s scorching hot body pressed against her back. 
She was completely surrounded by his dominant and smoldering presence. 
Her heart raced uncontrollably. 
Heat kept rising on her face, and she didn’t dare to turn back and look at the man behind her. 
She was afraid that once she did, she wouldn’t be able to control herself. 
And she might do something... irrational. 
"Ashton Heath, don’t do this..." She stretched out her hand to push the man behind her, her voice trembling, "Hurry up and put your shirt on." 
He was doing it on purpose, right? 
Why did she feel like he was trying to seduce her? 
A deep and sexy laugh sounded above her head, "Baby, if I put my shirt on, how can I try on the clothes you bought for me? Why don’t you turn around and look at me, hmm?"
###Chapter 596: Chapter 595: The Addictive Touch
By her ear, the man’s voice grew even lower and huskier, laced with a hint of desire. 
Feeling the heat of his body pressed against her growing hotter, Joanna’s heartbeat sped up as well. 
"Really won’t turn around to take a look at me?" 
A moment later, Joanna heard a resigned sigh from the man behind her. "Alright, if you don’t want to look, I won’t force you." 
As his words fell, the man’s arm around her waist slowly loosened. 
The burning, domineering aura from behind her also gradually dissipated. 
Then, as the rustle of clothes followed, and about a minute later, she heard him say, "Baby, you can turn around now. I’ve changed." 
It turned out he had just been changing clothes. 
Joanna believed him and turned around as he said he had finished. 
However, as she turned around, she saw Ashton Heath with his torso bare, his neck adorned with a tie she had just bought. Holding the tie with one hand, his eyes seduced her. 
His thin lips curled upward, and the angle of his mouth revealed a rare, wicked charm. 
Joanna stared blankly at him for a moment before reacting, her face flushing red in an instant. 
With her heart pounding wildly at the captivating sight before her, it felt like her face was on fire. 
Her throat became dry, as well as her mouth... 
She swallowed her saliva with a dry throat and mouth. Despite knowing she should look away, she couldn’t help but stare repeatedly at the alluring chest and abdominal muscles. 
She simply couldn’t bear to take her eyes off. 
As she gazed at the sexy and strong muscles, her heart trembled faster, and she could hardly control her hands either. 
This man, Ashton Heath... his body was just too perfect. 
He was so sexy that even a woman like her could get her blood boiling. 
Just moments ago, she had a strong urge to sleep with him. 
Were it not for the knowledge that he’d be insatiable and have freakishly strong stamina, she would have gone for it. 
But after personally experiencing his prowess in certain areas, she wouldn’t dare to provoke him. 
"Ashton Heath, you... didn’t you say you had already changed your clothes?" Joanna blinked, her gaze lingering before she eventually, with difficulty, forced her eyes away. 
However, she still stole glances at his chest from the corner of her eyes. 
Those clearly defined pectoral muscles were truly tempting. 
They were like sculpted works of art. 
Moreover, she had touched them personally and knew how good they felt to the touch. 
It was an addictive sensation. 
After touching him once, she couldn’t help but yearn for more. 
If not for having experienced how beastly Ashton Heath could be, she wouldn’t be restraining herself like this. 
She would have long since rushed over and touched him. 
"Mmmm, I’ve changed." Ashton Heath squinted, his eyes appearing even deeper than usual. Taking a step closer, he lowered his head and looked intently at the young girl in front of him. "I just tried on this tie, and I really like it." 
As the man approached, Joanna felt his aggressive aura envelop her once again. 
His presence was all around her. 
She felt an inescapable sense of panic. 
And as she met the man’s dark and frightening eyes, her panic intensified... 
She couldn’t help but take a step back, accidentally bumping into the coffee table behind her. 
As she stumbled, she was about to fall to the ground... 
"Baby, watch out."
###Chapter 597: Chapter 596: Their President Ashton... Really Changed
The man who had been staring at her without haste extended his hand. The moment she was about to fall, his strong arm wrapped around her waist, and he steadily hoisted her back up. 
Joanna fell into his embrace. 
Her hands instinctively wanted to grab onto something, and she caught hold of the chest muscle she had just been fantasizing about. 
The man’s body was burning hot. 
What she felt in her palm was a scorching, slightly burning skin. 
As she pressed her hand down, a deep muffled groan sounded above her head, and the arm around her waist tightened abruptly. 
The man’s breathing began to grow rapid. 
Like she had been electrocuted, Joanna immediately retracted her hand. 
She looked up in a panic, only to collide with the man’s bottomless, dark eyes. Seeing the familiar hint of desire in the depths of his gaze, her legs suddenly weakened. 
Just as she reached out to push him away, both her hands were tightly held. 
The man had been plotting this for a while; there was no way he would let her escape. Pinching her jaw, he gave her a deep kiss. 
When she was pressed onto the sofa and unable to struggle any longer, she finally gave up. 
A few minutes later... 
"Wait a minute..." Joanna’s mind was a mess after the intense kiss, and she nearly forgot about something important. She grabbed Ashton’s arm and said, trying to steady her breath, "A-a condom." 
She had initially thought that Ashton had not prepared any. 
That way, she would have a reason to reject him. 
However, to her surprise, the man responded to her request by raising his thin lips slightly before calmly sitting up, reaching his arm to the side of the sofa, and producing a condom out of nowhere. 
Joanna: "..." 
Ashton looked smug and raised his eyebrows while bending down again to place the condom in her hand. 
His voice was low and hoarse, incredibly sexy as he said, "Baby, help me unwrap it." 
Joanna’s heart skipped two beats. 
She slowly opened her palm and looked down at the condom that had been stuffed into her hand. 
A certain brand, strawberry-flavored. 
The size, extra-large. 
* 
By the time they had lunch, it was already two hours later. 
They didn’t go out to eat. 
Instead, Cody brought them takeout. 
Cody delivered the takeout to the door of the office, knocked, and caught a glimpse of President Ashton’s chest, which now bore several fresh scratch marks when he came to pick it up. 
At a glance, they looked like they had just been made. 
Upon guessing what might have happened inside the office, Cody’s feelings were complicated, to say the least. 
His President Ashton... had really changed. 
He was no longer the workaholic Ashton who had been cold-hearted, shunning women, and focused solely on his work. 
He had changed. 
He had become so vulnerable to temptation. 
* 
Inside the office. 
Ashton closed the door and entered the break room with the takeout. 
On the single bed in the break room, 
Joanna lay wrapped in a bathrobe, looking utterly exhausted. She was sleeping with her eyes closed. 
"Baby, eat something before you sleep." 
Ashton went over and sat down on the edge of the bed, gently pinching her face with his hand. 
"Leave me alone, you’re annoying." 
Joanna was too tired and drowsy to move, her waist, legs, and whole body aching. Naturally, she had no intention of showing kindness to the person responsible for her state. 
After satisfying his appetite, Ashton was in a good mood, remaining patient even as she yelled at him. He spoke gently in a low voice, "Baby, be good and get up to eat first. Not having anything in your stomach before sleeping is bad for your health."
###Chapter 598: Chapter 597: Whatever you choose for me, it will definitely suit me
Ashton Heath looked at her, his voice involuntarily lowered: "Why?" 
Joanna Lawrence blinked her eyes: "I just thought about it, Cody Aberton’s figure is much worse than yours, and there’s no comparison between you two. What he can wear might not fit you properly. Let’s go shopping together after you finish work and buy a new one." 
Ashton Heath was stunned for a few seconds, and his heart suddenly felt relieved. 
The man’s thin lips lifted, and his long, narrow eyes also raised in pleasure. 
All of a sudden, he changed his mind, thinking it was not necessary to send Cody Aberton to Fronterra to work in the coal mine yet. 
There were plenty of people working in the mines there. They probably did not lack workers for the time being. 
He’d wait until there was a shortage and then decide whether to send him there based on his performance. 
"There’s no need to buy a new one." He finally looked at the black shirt in his hand properly, and the more he looked at it, the more he liked it. He couldn’t wait to wear it and try how it looked on him. 
"This one is good. You picked it for me, so it must suit me well." 
* 
By the time it was lunch break, two hours had already passed. 
They didn’t go out to eat. 
It was Cody Aberton who brought in the takeaway. 
* 
In the office. 
Ashton Heath closed the door, picked up the takeout, and walked into the lounge. 
Joanna Lawrence was asleep, her eyes closed. 
"Baby, eat first and then sleep." 
Ashton Heath walked over and sat down beside the bed. He gently pinched her cheek. 
"Leave me alone, you’re annoying." 
Joanna Lawrence was so sleepy and tired that she didn’t even want to move her eyes shut. 
Facing the one responsible for this ordeal, she naturally wouldn’t give him a pleasant face. 
At this time, Ashton Heath’s temper and patience were exceptionally good. Despite being scolded, he lowered his voice and gently said, "Baby, please behave, eat first. Sleeping on an empty stomach is not good for your health." 
"Once you finish eating, you can sleep as long as you want. Is that okay?" 
"Ashton Heath, you’re really annoying." Joanna Lawrence turned over, picked up a pillow to cover her head, and said in a muffled voice, "I won’t eat, take it away. I don’t want to eat anything now; I just want to sleep." 
"You can’t skip your meal." 
Ashton Heath thought for a moment, put the lunchbox aside, and then leaned down to pick her up. His voice became even softer, "Joanna, sweetheart, don’t get mad at me. I ordered your favorite dishes. Can you just get up and have a few bites, hmm?" 
"I don’t want to..." 
"Not being obedient, hmm?" Ashton Heath coaxed for a while but didn’t succeed in getting her up. He couldn’t help but sigh helplessly. 
Seeing that coaxing was ineffective, he had no choice but to change his approach. Despite her struggle and resistance, he forcefully held her up from the bed. 
Joanna Lawrence was terribly tired, without any strength at all, 
She simply had no appetite for food. 
All she wanted to do was get a good sleep. 
Even this tiny request, he wouldn’t allow her. 
How could a man be so despicable? 
Half-asleep, half-awake, she was already angry when he woke her. When he forcibly made her get up, her anger reached its peak. 
She grabbed Ashton Heath’s hand, lowered her head, and bit his hand hard. 
"Mmm." 
The man’s eyebrows slightly furrowed, and he let out a muffled groan. 
He lowered his head and saw a bloodied bite mark left by a little wild cat.
He gently chuckled, glanced at it casually, and then didn’t pay any more attention. He picked up the lunch box from the table next to him, opened the box, and scooped a spoonful of rice to the young girl’s lips. 
"Baby, you can scold me or bite me when you’re angry, but you can’t skip your meal." The man was still gentle, "If you don’t eat and starve yourself, I’ll be worried. Come on, open your mouth, let me feed you." 
With that one bite, Joanna Lawrence vented most of her anger. 
And then she immediately regretted it. 
She looked at the bloody tooth mark on Ashton Heath’s hand, feeling both guilty and heartbroken. 
"I’m sorry." She bit her lip, her voice soft and low, her lowered eyes and trembling eyelashes showing a very anxious expression. 
Like a little child who did something wrong. 
"Does it hurt a lot?" 
"It doesn’t hurt." Ashton Heath fed the rice to her mouth, his voice low and gentle, "If you feel sorry for me and want to apologize, just behave and eat your food." 
This time, Joanna Lawrence was very obedient. 
Still feeling guilty, she cooperated and opened her mouth. 
Ashton Heath slowly curled his lips, scooped another spoonful, and fed it to her lips. His voice became even softer and more tender, "Sweetheart, eat a little more." 
Joanna Lawrence, feeling unnatural, stretched out her hand and said, "I’ll do it myself." 
Ashton Heath spoon-feeding her like this made her feel as if she was a bedridden patient, unable to move her hands. 
It was quite embarrassing and a bit uncomfortable for her. 
The man ignored her outstretched hand, lightly touched her lips with the spoonful, and commanded in a slightly overbearing tone, "Open your mouth, let me feed you."
###Chapter 599: Chapter 598 Did you see David Benington today?
"Ashton Heath, I can do it myself..." 
"It seems you’re not tired yet?" The man raised an eyebrow, hinting at a touch of danger in his low tones. His profound gaze landed on her delicate lips, subtly darkening. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
* 
After being served dinner by Ashton, Joanna was so tired she fell asleep in no time. 
When she woke up, it was close to six in the afternoon. 
Rubbing her eyes, the first thing she did was receive a call from Aria Rowlett. 
The moment she picked up, Aria burst out angrily, "Fuck, babe, have you seen your blog yet? There’s another scandal about you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
Just after waking up, her mind was still slightly foggy, and it took her a few seconds to register what Aria said. She spoke slowly, "I haven’t checked my blog, what’s happened?" 
Aria seemed to be fuming, grinding her teeth, "Did you meet with David Benington today?" 
Joanna was taken aback again, her eyebrows inadvertently furrowing, "Yes." 
Now, every time she heard the name David Benington, it triggered an instinctual reaction she could only explain as "repulsion". 
"That explains it," Aria said in fury, "Online, people are accusing you of being the other woman and interfering with his relationship with Annie Lawrence. There are pictures of you and David on the street, including a video of him proposing to you on his knees." 
"They’re saying that David and Annie haven’t officially broken up yet and your interference is disgusting." 
"In short, netizens are currently blaming you. Although some are defending you, it doesn’t seem to make much difference. Checking the comments blaming you, I’m sure most of them are from online trolls. And it seems, there are quite a few trolls." 
"Even some influential public figures have shared the news, and they are all criticising you in their posts. I think, these influential figures must have been paid to share the news. Otherwise, you are not a famous artist, why would they bother to share it." 
"Moreover, the people involved in this incident haven’t even spoken up yet and they have already chosen sides. Isn’t this strange? Do you think Annie saw the news and could have paid the trolls to go after you?" 
Upon hearing that she had been labelled as the other woman in David’s relationship, Joanna felt awful. 
She furrowed her brows tightly: "I get it, I’ll check the blog now." 
"Go ahead." Aria gritted her teeth, "That shameless woman Annie Lawrence, she fucking destroyed your relationship and now accuses you of being the other woman, where does she get the audacity?" 
"How can there be such a shameless woman... If she dares to show up now, I’ll knock her teeth out! Also, what kind of trash is David? Isn’t he still dating Annie? How could he..." 
"Could it be that after breaking up with you, he realised your worth and is regretting his decision? Wants to get back together?" 
"Fuck, babe, you must never relent and get back together with him." 
"The heartthrob is a hundred times, a thousand times, a million times better than him, you must never..." At this point, Aria was really getting anxious. 
"Aria, don’t worry." Before she could finish, Joanna interrupted her, "Getting back together is impossible. It’s never going to happen in this lifetime. Don’t you know me? I would never get back together with him."
###Chapter 600: Chapter 599: Someone Is Deliberately Slandering Her
"I know, but after all, you’ve known each other for so long, I’m just afraid that he would sweet-talk you and you would soften up." 
"So what if we’ve known each other for a long time? An unreliable person will always be unreliable, and it has nothing to do with time. I’ve been blind for so many years, and now that I’ve finally seen his true colors, do you think I’ll keep being blind?" 
"No matter if I can be with Ashton Heath in the future or not, there is no possibility for me and David Benington anymore." 
Somehow... 
When she thinks about the possibility of her and Ashton Heath separating, her heart feels like it’s being stabbed by something, and that instant, her heart aches. 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna Lawrence immediately logged into her Blog. 
As soon as she refreshed, she saw an Entertainment News Official Blog reposted the scandal about her. 
Just as Aria Rowlett had said, the original Blog post was issued by a so-called "bystander," who claimed to be a fan of Annie Lawrence, saw their idol being cuckolded, felt heartbroken and angry, and couldn’t help but expose the story. 
The original post also included a tic-tac-toe board of photos, in which she and David Benington were indeed pulling and tugging at each other. 
It looked like their relationship was more than ordinary. 
The other few pictures were of David Benington kneeling down and holding a diamond ring, begging for her forgiveness. 
After Joanna looked through the original post, she was sure that someone was trying to smear her. 
If it were true that Annie’s fan was at the scene, they should have known that she rejected David Benington. 
And that it was David who was one-sidedly clinging to her. 
But now, the content on the Blog was completely reversed, not mentioning a single word about her rejecting David Benington. 
They deliberately painted her as a third party who seduced someone else’s boyfriend. 
She took a look at the comments section, and as Aria Rowlett had mentioned, it was like a large-scale "online trolls" scene. 
The person who wanted to smear her hired quite a few online trolls to control the comments. 
The comments section was filled with people cursing her. 
Even her Blog was exposed. 
When Joanna had registered her Blog, she had never authenticated it. 
And she had no fame at all, just doing minor roles as a background character. 
So, hardly anyone knew about her Blog account. 
But now, someone had dug it out. 
Because she noticed that her most recent post jumped from a few dozen comments to thousands of comments. 
And when she clicked on it, they were all scolding her for being the other woman who broke up someone else’s relationship. 
Joanna looked for a while and exited the comment area. 
As she was thinking about how to solve this problem, the phone rang again. 
She checked it and saw that it was a call from Linda. 
Linda was now her agent, and Joanna guessed that she probably saw the scandal and called to ask about it. 
Signing with her and causing such news right away. 
Joanna felt a little embarrassed. 
Although, she was plotted against deliberately. 
Still, such news would definitely have an impact on an artist. 
Joanna let out a sigh and answered the call. 
"Joanna, what’s going on with that news on the internet?" Linda didn’t beat around the bush and asked directly, "You and David Benington, you two didn’t really... " 
Linda knew about the relationship between Joanna and David Benington before. 
So, when she saw the explosive news on the internet, she was shocked. 
She immediately made the call. 
When Joanna heard her question, she knew what was on her mind.
###Chapter 601: Chapter 600: It seems like he doesn’t like me very much
"No, Linda, those things online are not true." Joanna Lawrence immediately clarified and explained, "About this, I can explain to you. I did meet David Benington, but our relationship is not as the internet says." 
"Alright, I believe you." Linda on the other end of the phone let out a sigh of relief, paused for a moment, and then said, "So tell me, what exactly happened? Did he really propose to you?" 
Joanna fell silent for a moment, then briefly recounted the situation at the time. 
And in the end, she massaged her brow, "That’s pretty much what happened." 
"So you are saying that someone played a prank on you and tried to smear your reputation?" 
"That seems to be the case." Joanna tugged at the corner of her mouth, feeling a bit helpless. 
"If the situation is as you said, that David Benington was the one who bothered you, then it would be relatively easy to reverse the narrative." Linda paused for a moment, then continued, "Since there were many people watching at the time, you can find a witness to make a clarification." 
"However, this may be easier said than done. The witnesses are all strangers, and they may not necessarily help you testify." 
Joanna was taken aback, and an image of someone suddenly flashed in her mind. 
She hesitated for a few seconds, then cautiously said: "Actually, there is one witness that I know." 
But as soon as she said it, she began to regret it. 
What she said amounted to nothing. 
Frank Parker probably wouldn’t come forward to testify for her. 
Their relationship wasn’t that good yet. 
Although his attitude towards her had improved significantly compared to before, there was still a gap between them and being friends. 
"Who?" On the other side, Linda immediately asked, "Can you ask him to help you testify?" 
"I think he might not be willing to help me testify." Joanna hesitated again, sighed, "He doesn’t seem to like me very much, although I know him, we don’t have a good relationship." 
Hearing her say this, Linda sounded somewhat disappointed, "Is there any other witness you know?" 
"No, there isn’t." 
"Alright then." Linda sighed as well, "I’ll get the company to handle the public relations for you. Later, you can post a clarification on your blog, and I’ll arrange for online trolls to help you control the comments, of course, the quickest and best solution would be to have that witness come forward and help clarify." 
"This way, it would save the company a lot of trouble." 
"I’m sorry, Linda." Joanna felt very guilty, "On the first day of signing, I’m already causing you trouble." 
She didn’t know if Linda would regret signing her at this point. 
There probably aren’t many artists who would cause trouble on the first day of signing. 
"It’s not your fault." Linda’s tone was gentle, "Someone deliberately tried to smear your reputation, which you couldn’t have predicted. Actually, this matter does have an impact on you, but it’s not like there are no benefits." 
"At least it helps improve your visibility. Now a few more people know you." 
Joanna: "..." 
She wasn’t even sure if Linda really thought that or was purely trying to comfort her. 
"I’m really sorry." Joanna took a deep breath and apologized again. 
"It’s not a big deal, don’t worry, I’ll help you sort it out." Linda reassured her, "These are small things, wait until you become famous, who knows how many more scandals will come." 
"By the way, there is one more thing I want to ask you. Although this is your personal matter, you are still an artist that I have signed, and I need to know about your personal relationships."
###Chapter 602: Chapter 601: You don’t seem very happy?
Joanna Lawrence said she understood: "Sure, Linda, you can ask." 
"You and David Benington... what do you think?" Linda asked after some silence. 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback: "Linda, what do you mean?" 
"You’re not getting back together with him, are you?" 
"...No." 
"That’s good." Linda paused before continuing, "Joanna, I know you’ve known him for a long time, you may..." 
"Linda, you’re overthinking it." Joanna Lawrence cut her off, her voice turning cold, "I’m not so despicable." 
"...Sorry, I was overthinking. Joanna, I just wanted to say that David really is a jerk. Do you know he made Annie Lawrence have a miscarriage? Even if it was wrong of Annie to interfere with your relationship, it’s really despicable of him to reconcile with you immediately after Annie’s miscarriage." 
"He’s utterly disgusting." 
"He seems like a decent person, but the things he does are inhuman." 
"But Annie Lawrence had it coming. Perhaps this is what you call karma. She was the other woman who tried to steal someone’s fiance, and now she ends up miscarrying and being abandoned." 
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes widened in shock: "What did you say? Annie Lawrence had a miscarriage?" 
"Yes." Linda continued, "Although I left Galaxy Agency, I’ve been in touch with the people there. I heard that Annie Lawrence and David Benington had a quarrel for some reason, and someone heard her screaming in David’s office." 
"When they went in, they saw her lying on the floor, bleeding." 
"David rushed her to the hospital, where the doctor said she had a miscarriage." 
Joanna Lawrence: "...." 
This news was indeed shocking and unexpected to her. 
If what Linda said was true, and David Benington came to her right after Annie’s miscarriage, then he was truly a despicable person. 
And utterly nauseating. 
She recalled the passionate words he said to her today, and felt a wave of nausea. 
No wonder David suddenly sought to reconcile with her. 
It turned out to be because Annie had a miscarriage. 
At this moment, she was utterly disgusted with David. 
* 
After chatting with Linda for more than ten minutes, Joanna Lawrence hung up the phone. She stood there and thought for a moment before leaving the breakroom. 
As she came out, she saw Cody Aberton in the office too. 
It seemed like he was talking to Ashton Heath. 
In front of the black office desk, the handsome man seemed to be shrouded in frost, with a somber expression on his face. 
Seeing Joanna come out, Cody turned and respectfully greeted her: "Ms. Joanna." 
Joanna nodded, then approached Ashton. 
Ashton turned to look at her. 
He looked upset, his gaze lacked the usual warmth when looking at her. 
There was a gloomy air about him. 
Meeting his somewhat cold eyes, Joanna Lawrence paused, feeling a bit nervous and anxious. 
"What’s wrong?" 
She approached him and looked down: "You don’t seem to be in a good mood?" 
Ashton Heath remained silent, his lips tightly pressed, and he stared at her with heavy eyes. 
Facing this unidentified oppressive and suffocating feeling, Joanna wrinkled her brow, feeling slightly uncomfortable. 
She was used to his gentleness, and his current demeanor was unfamiliar to her. 
It seemed... somewhat strange. 
Ashton Heath looked at her with his icy face for a moment, ignoring her question. Then he turned to Cody Aberton and said, "You may leave."
###Chapter 603: Chapter 602: Answer My Question, Joanna
"Yes, President Ashton." 
When Cody Aberton left, he looked somewhat worried at Joanna Lawrence. 
President Ashton looked very angry. 
In a while, he mustn’t start a fight with Ms. Joanna. 
However, it was quite natural for President Ashton to be angry after Ms. Joanna and her ex made that kind of news. 
Any man wouldn’t be magnanimous enough to remain indifferent after seeing that kind of news. 
Especially since President Ashton cares so much about Ms. Joanna. 
If he were in President Ashton’s shoes, he couldn’t take it either. 
He’d probably be angry enough to immediately bankrupt the Benington Group. 
It’s quite a death wish for David Benington, too. 
Previously, sending flowers to Ms. Joanna was enough to anger President Ashton. 
Now, he even went as far as proposing to Ms. Joanna in public on the street. 
Basically, it’s quite a death wish. 
This time, President Ashton must be really angry. 
Although when he first told President Ashton about it, he didn’t show any expression or anger, and seemed to be very calm... 
However, having been with President Ashton for many years, he knows that in such situations, the more silent he is, the more terrifying the subsequent explosion. 
David Benington is doomed. 
After Cody Aberton left, he gently closed the office door. 
Only after he left did Ashton Heath beckon Joanna Lawrence to come closer. 
His aura was too low and his eyes too cold. Although he looked no different from usual, his whole body exuded a "keep out" coldness. 
For a moment, Joanna Lawrence didn’t dare to approach him. 
She stood in place, stunned for a few seconds. 
It was within these few seconds that the man’s eyes grew even colder. 
The "keep out" aura around him grew even more intense. 
So intense, there was a moment when Joanna Lawrence wanted to turn around and flee the office. 
Seeing her standing there not moving, Ashton Heath reached out and forcefully pulled her into his arms. 
Joanna Lawrence cried out in surprise, her head hitting his sturdy chest as she was forced to sit on his lap. 
Before she could lift her head, a deep voice came from above: "Where did you go today?" 
"What were you doing before coming to find me?" 
There was a hint of danger hidden in the man’s seemingly calm voice. 
Joanna Lawrence noticed this and struggled a couple of times, frowning and calling softly, "Ashton Heath, let me go." 
The man’s arm was like an iron clamp, tightly circling her waist. 
He used so much strength that it felt like he was trying to cut her in half at the waist. 
It was very uncomfortable for her. 
"Baby, you haven’t answered me yet." Ashton Heath stretched out his hand to pinch her chin, forcing her to lift her head and look at him with a touch of force in his cold voice, lacking emotion, "Where did you go before coming to the Heath Group? What did you do?" 
"Ashton Heath." 
Even though he didn’t use much strength, Joanna Lawrence’s face still crumpled in pain, and her eyes reddened as she bit her lip and glared at him angrily, "Let go, bastard, you’re hurting me." 
Seeing her eyes reddening, Ashton Heath seemed to snap out of it, and the anger in his chest instantly dissipated by more than half. 
The arm that encircled her waist loosened a bit, but he still held her possessively and tightly, without letting go completely. 
"Answer my question, Joanna." The man was very persistent on this issue, repeating it again, "Where have you been before?" 
"Ashton Heath, did you see my scandals?" 
After staring at him for a few seconds, Joanna Lawrence had a suspicion in her heart and asked him directly.
###Chapter 604: Chapter 603: Stop Being Paranoid, Alright?
Just now, when she came out of the breakroom, she saw Cody Aberton talking to him. 
Then, his face didn’t look good. 
Now, he was acting so abnormal towards her, constantly asking where she’d been before. 
Eighty percent, he must have seen the scandals about her on the Blog. 
Then... jealous? 
Thinking of this possibility, Joanna Lawrence felt a bit annoyed and a little amused. 
She knew how stingy Ashton Heath could be when it came to love, and how much he could get jealous. 
He would even get jealous over Cody Aberton, let alone someone else. 
David Benington... was still her ex-lover. 
Under the circumstances of not knowing the truth, seeing such scandals, photos, and videos would also be a normal reaction. 
If he didn’t mind at all, that would be abnormal. 
But she was also a little angry because he obviously promised not to doubt her easily before.
He would trust her unconditionally. 
But now... it’s obvious that he still has some doubts about her. 
Speaking of, he’s never been at ease about David Benington. 
Whenever she’s involved in a situation related to David Benington, he starts daydreaming again. 
Joanna Lawrence used to be angry, disappointed, and sad. 
Because he didn’t trust her. 
However, now she’s a little angry, but it’s only a little bit. 
If he didn’t care about her at all, why would he get upset and question? 
He could simply act as if nothing had happened. 
If he made news with Rebecca Kelloway on the street, could she not overthink it? 
She thought seriously and realized she couldn’t do it. 
Since she couldn’t do it, she couldn’t ask Ashton Heath to do it either. 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips without a word. 
Joanna Lawrence knew that she’d guessed correctly. 
He was unhappy because of her scandals with David Benington. 
She sighed, looking at the man in front of her with a cold face, and said helplessly: "The pictures posted on the blog are true, but the content is all fake." 
"Before coming here, I went to see Linda for signing matters. After signing, I just happened to meet David Benington. He’s been clinging to me and I couldn’t do anything." 
"He wasn’t kneeling to propose to me, he was begging me to get back together." 
Considering that a certain man is jealous, failing to clarify could lead to some undesirable situations, Joanna Lawrence explained everything very clearly, without any concealment. 
"I refused him. Many people were at the scene and saw everything. I don’t know why the person on the blog twisted the facts. At that time, Frank Parker was also there. If you don’t believe me, you can ask him." 
Joanna Lawrence thought to herself that it was fortunate Frank Parker was there. 
With him around, at least it could help to solve the jealousy issue of the man in front of her. 
"Frank Parker was there too?" Hearing this, Ashton Heath’s eyes flickered, and he finally opened his mouth to speak. 
"Yes, he just happened to pass by. He must know the details. And, don’t you trust me? I told you it’s impossible for me to get back together with him, and it’ll never happen in my life. Ashton Heath, stop being paranoid. Since I married you, I won’t do anything to hurt you." 
Actually, Ashton Heath never doubted that Joanna Lawrence would have an affair with David Benington. 
His bad mood and uneasiness were simply because he really hated David Benington so much.
###Chapter 605: Chapter 604: After this, you’re not allowed to be so fierce towards me anymore.
Even though he had never taken this person seriously, he couldn’t help but feel uneasy thinking about Joanna Lawrence and David Benington’s past relationship, as if his heart had been pierced by something. 
Regardless of how much he looked down on David Benington, the man was still Joanna’s ex-fiance. 
So when he saw the news online, he couldn’t control the jealousy that arose. 
He also couldn’t help the panic and fear that followed. 
He was very afraid that if she softened her heart, she would agree to reconcile with David. 
Even though he knew that the possibility was extremely slim. 
But he was still worried. 
His confidence would vanish without a trace once he was in front of her. 
"Baby, I didn’t doubt you. I just... don’t like seeing you with him." Undeniably, after hearing Joanna’s explanation, Ashton Heath felt much better. 
That oppressive low pressure emanating from him silently disappeared. 
There was warmth once again in his deep, dark eyes. 
Looking at her, his gaze was no longer cold, but filled with the familiar tenderness and indulgence that she knew.
Joanna couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief, feeling that her familiar Ashton was finally back. 
He had scared her to death just now. 
She bit the corner of her lip, hooked her arm around his neck, and with a hint of grievance and dissatisfaction in her soft voice, her eyes filled with accusation as she looked at him, "Ashton, you were so fierce just now, I was afraid." 
"From now on, you’re not allowed to be so fierce with me." 
"If you’re ever that fierce again, I’ll ignore you." 
"I’m sorry, baby." 
He couldn’t control his temper when the jealousy had gotten to him. 
Now that his anger had subsided and he was back to normal, he realized he had done the wrong thing and frightened her. 
"Will you forgive me?" Ashton hugged her tightly, his deep eyes fixated on her, sighing gently, "I really want to be completely unbothered, but I can’t." 
"Seeing him with you makes me very uncomfortable." 
"Baby, he was the only man besides me who has ever possessed you. I’ve told myself that it’s all in the past, and I shouldn’t care too much, but I really..." 
"Alright, I understand." Not waiting for him to finish, Joanna placed her hand over his mouth, "I’m not angry either. I just don’t like how you were just now. It made me feel... a bit estranged." 
"I was scared." 
"So, in the future, no matter what happens, you must not frown at me like that again, alright?" 
"Alright." 
Ashton cupped her face, gently kissing her forehead, "I promise you. I will never be like that again." 
After talking things through, the brief unpleasantness quickly passed. 
Ashton held Joanna, finished the last two documents, rubbed his brow, and then closed his laptop. 
He called Cody Aberton into his office. 
As Cody pushed open the door and saw President Ashton holding a woman while sitting in front of his desk, he hesitated for a moment before walking over with a heartache expression on his face. 
President Ashton was no longer the serious and focused man he used to be. 
He had changed. 
He had become hopelessly infatuated with a woman. 
Even during work hours, he was so close and intimate. 
Love was truly a terrifying thing. 
It could actually change a person like this. 
If he hadn’t witnessed it himself, he would never have believed that his once cold, celibate boss, who had viewed women as poison, could have become like this now...
###Chapter 606: Chapter 605: So You’re Friends with Mr. Parker
Indulging in women all day long, neglecting their proper duties. 
Cody Aberton suddenly felt that such a man, who had never touched a woman and showed no interest in them, would be far more terrifying than normal men if he suddenly became interested in and touched a woman. 
Their President Ashton was a prime example. 
When such a man falls in love, it’s really disgustingly clingy and annoying. 
"Ahem, President Ashton, Ms. Joanna." Cody buried his head, not daring to look directly at them. 
As a single young man, he found such a sweet scene quite embarrassing to watch. 
Ashton Heath looked at his twisted and pinched expression, wanting to kick the man out of the office with one foot. 
But considering this kid was still somewhat useful, he held back. 
"Go and investigate some matters." Glancing down at the little woman in his arms and thinking about those various scandals on the Internet, a layer of coldness surfaced on the man’s handsome and deep face, his voice darkened, and a hint of danger flashed in his eyes. "Investigate that blog account that first broke the news." 
"And, notify the Public Relations Department, within an hour, clean up all that messy stuff. If I see those mood-ruining things again, they’ll write their resignation letters on their own." 
Cody Aberton: "... Yes, President Ashton." 
"Okay, go and do it right away." After instructing, Ashton Heath waved his hand, signaling that he could leave. 
Cody knew that President Ashton disliked him very much at the moment. 
As long as Ms. Joanna was there, President Ashton felt that every extra second he spent in the office was superfluous. 
Feeling sour and self-conscious, he turned around and left. 
After he left. 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head from Ashton Heath’s embrace, her eyes shining brightly as she looked at him. "Will you help me find out who’s behind the smear campaigns against me?" 
"Of course." 
Ashton Heath lowered his eyes to look at her, a trace of coldness flashing in his eyes, his voice darkened, coldly saying: "When someone deliberately slanders my wife, can I just sit idly by? I don’t want you to think, you found a useless husband." 
"Baby, I told you before, as the young lady of the Heath family, you have many rights. You can use all of the Heath family’s resources. And, ordering your husband to help you is your rightful prerogative." 
"For anything, you can order me to solve it for you." 
"Just say the word, and I’ll do anything for you." 
The man reached out to touch her head, his eyes filled with deep affection. 
All she had to do was say the word, and he would be willing to go through fire and water for her. 
She would never know how important she was in his heart. 
At that moment, Joanna Lawrence was touched. 
Her heart warmed, she opened her mouth, just about to say something, when her phone rang. 
The screen showed the caller was Linda. 
"I’ll answer this call." Joanna placed her head on Ashton Heath’s chest and pressed the call button. 
"Hello, Linda." 
"Joanna, was the witness you mentioned earlier Mr. Parker?" Linda was obviously very surprised, her tone full of astonishment. 
Joanna was also surprised: "Linda, how did you know?" 
She remembered that she hadn’t told Linda about this. 
"What, you don’t know yet?" Linda asked rhetorically, "Mr. Parker reposted your scandal on the blog and helped you make a clarification. Joanna, I didn’t know you’re friends with Mr. Parker, why didn’t you tell me?" 
"With Mr. Parker’s help in clarifying the situation, many influential figures are now afraid of causing trouble, so they’ve deleted their blog posts that slandered you. Now, the company doesn’t need to arrange for public relations to help you clarify."
###Chapter 607: Chapter 606: Frank Parker, What Does He Want to Do?
"Mr. Parker’s clarification really works better than anything else, huh?" 
Joanna Lawrence was completely baffled. 
Frank Parker had cleared things up for her on his blog? 
How could that be possible? 
But if it wasn’t true, Linda wouldn’t have made up such a story to deceive her. 
So, Frank Parker had really helped her make a clarification? 
Joanna was genuinely surprised and caught off guard. 
After hanging up the phone, she still had a shocked expression on her face and couldn’t recover from the surprise. 
Frank Parker... why would he help her? 
Didn’t he hate her? 
Wasn’t he on the same side as Rebecca Kelloway? 
"What’s the matter?" Ashton Heath asked, watching her slightly spaced-out expression and pinching her cheek lightly. "What happened?" 
"Linda just called me and told me that Mr. Parker had cleared things up for me on his blog." Joanna was full of questions and couldn’t help but voice some of her doubts. "But I think he doesn’t really like me." 
"Every time we’ve met before, he acted like I owed him money." 
"Why do you think he helped me clear things up?" 
She really couldn’t figure it out. 
This incident was completely beyond her expectations. 
"Frank cleared things up for you on his blog?" Ashton was also taken aback, evidently a little taken by surprise by this news. 
Ashton knew all too well what Frank Parker’s attitude towards Joanna was like. 
How could he be willing to help her make a clarification? 
"Yeah." Joanna said as she opened her phone. 
After logging into the blog, she searched for Frank Parker’s name and quickly found his account. 
Frank Parker’s blog actually had a ’V’ certification, being a director of Parker Group Enterprise. 
Yet, his self-introduction was: just an ordinary person. 
As a top-tier Wealth Heir, his popularity was naturally high. Coupled with his good looks and physique, he had over 10 million followers on his blog. 
That was comparable to some first-line artists. 
Frank Parker himself only followed five people. 
And the number of posts he had made on his blog were even fewer. 
Including the one that helped her clarify, there were only four posts in total. 
He had only registered on the blog for a year. 
On the day of registration, he posted one. 
A few months later, he posted another related to travel. 
A few more months passed, and there was a post related to soccer. 
The most recent post was the one helping her clarify things. 
Seeing that he only had four posts on his blog, with one even related to her, Joanna didn’t feel happy, nor touched. Instead, an inexplicable sense of fear arose within her. 
Frank Parker, what was he up to? 
By doing this, hadn’t he let everyone know that she knew him? 
Not only did they know each other, but their relationship also seemed pretty good. 
Otherwise, how could the distinguished Mr. Parker help her clear things up when she wasn’t even considered a D-list celebrity? 
Joanna couldn’t help but succumb to her curiosity and open up the comments section of Frank Parker’s post. 
Then she saw that the netizens were indeed speculating about the nature of their relationship. 
A netizen with the username "Mr. Parker’s Sweet Wife" commented: "OMG, Mr. Parker, what’s up with this? Didn’t you never like to meddle in other people’s business? Why are you helping this little actress clarify things? What’s your relationship with her?" 
Parker’s Little Honey: "Yeah, yeah, Mr. Parker, what’s your relationship with that woman? You even went on your blog specially to help her clarify things. Could it be that you like her? Although she does look pretty good, she is nowhere near your level."
###Chapter 608: Chapter 607: Did you suddenly get close with Frank?
I’m just a passerby: Just checked, Mr. Parker has only made five blog posts since he signed up. He also hasn’t followed this woman. But he went out of his way to defend her... I suspect their relationship isn’t ordinary. 
QiQiQiQi: This can’t be Mr. Parker’s girlfriend, can it? 
Alex: I don’t know if she’s his girlfriend, but they definitely know each other. Mr. Parker is not the type to involve himself in others’ affairs. He wouldn’t have helped her clarify things if they weren’t acquainted. 
Joanna felt a chilling gaze on her the more she read. 
She looked up to see Ashton Heath staring intently at her mobile phone. 
He looked somewhat unhappy. 
She hurriedly locked her phone. 
"Ahem, well...why did Frank Parker clarify things for me? Did you ask him to?" 
She thought about it and that seemed the only possibility. 
Although Frank Parker didn’t like her, he was still good friends with Ashton Heath. 
He’d probably do it as a favor to him. 
"No." To her surprise, he flatly denied it. 
"So it wasn’t you who asked him to clarify? Why would he help me then?" Joanna asked, her curiosity piqued. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and let out a chilly humph from his nose: "How would I know. Have you two suddenly become close friends?" 
"...No." 
Joanna quickly denied it: "I thought you had asked him." 
Ashton Heath tightened his lips and was silent for a moment before taking out his phone: "I’ll ask him what’s going on." 
* 
On the other side. 
Upon seeing Frank Parker’s blog post defending Joanna, Rebecca Kelloway became so angry she snapped her newly manicured nails. 
Had her worries come true? 
Even Frank Parker was charmed by Joanna? 
She knew Frank very well, he wasn’t one to meddle in other people’s affairs. 
When did he start caring about an outsider, besides their close-knit group of friends? 
And he even made a blog post to clarify the situation. 
Such a high-profile move... 
If not for the possibility that he’d fallen for Joanna, Rebecca couldn’t think of any other reason.
He said he’d stand by her side in this. 
He knew perfectly well she didn’t like Joanna. 
Had he considered her feelings before doing this? 
Or did he, in fact, not care about her anymore? 
The more she thought about it, the more her panic grew, along with her immense anger. She felt betrayed. 
How could Frank do this to her! 
Was he trying to cast her aside? 
"Joanna Lawrence..." She ground her teeth and spat out the name, her eyes brimming with hatred. 
Both the men she cared for were taken away by the same woman. 
She was... so hateful. 
She was the heavenly maiden, envied by all. She had everything she wanted. 
However, now she had lost twice to a woman inferior to her. 
Her phone suddenly rang. 
Rebecca glanced at it and answered with a cold expression. 
From the other end, a somewhat panicked voice came: "Ms. Kelloway, Mr. Parker just made a blog post defending that woman. Once the post was out, the situation quickly reversed and the online trolls we hired became useless." 
"In addition, a group of even more powerful trolls promptly occupied all the comment sections and washed away our comments. Do you think those trolls were hired by Mr. Parker?"
###Chapter 609: Chapter 608: You Knew I Didn’t Like Her
"So, should we continue?" 
The person on the other side seemed a bit wary: "Ms. Kelloway, why didn’t you tell us that she knows Mr. Parker?" 
Rebecca clenched her teeth, her face extremely ugly. 
The other side was silent for a while, not hearing her reply, so they cautiously asked again: "Ms. Kelloway, should we continue? If we do, then... we’ll need more money for us to keep going." 
"No need." Rebecca clenched her fists tightly, "Stop everything. Remember the confidentiality agreement we signed. You must not reveal my involvement, or else... " 
That person had already made a move. 
Hiring more online trolls would be useless. 
Continuing would expose her even more easily. 
No one could stop Ashton Heath when he decided to do something. 
Originally, she thought that when the news broke on the Blog, Ashton would get angry and furious. 
Even if he didn’t fully believe the news, he would still be bothered in his heart. 
And he would become less trusting of Joanna. 
She knew Ashton very well. 
He was an extremely proud man. How could he tolerate his wife being entangled with her ex? 
So, when she saw David Benington pestering Joanna, she snapped those photos and videos, then found the Online Trolls Company to target Joanna everywhere online. 
At first, everything went smoothly. 
If it wasn’t for Frank Parker’s intervention to make a clarification. 
She never would have thought that the person who disrupted her plan would be Frank Parker. 
This man had always been by her side, always putting her first and never refusing her any request, but this time, he opted to help the woman she despised. 
He knew very well that she didn’t like Joanna. 
But he still chose to help her. 
It was as if he didn’t care about her feelings at all. 
What’s the point of so many years of affection? 
In the end, it still couldn’t be relied on. 
Ashton Heath, Frank Parker, those men who grew up with her and were supposed to have the best relationship with her, one by one, they were hurting her deeply for a woman named Joanna. 
She had liked Ashton for more than twenty years. 
In the end, he married a woman he had only known for a few days. 
Frank had said he would always be by her side and be good to her, but now, he was helping the person she hated. 
Even though he knew she would be unhappy, he still chose to help her. 
The more Rebecca thought about it, the colder her heart became; she was both angry and sad. Unable to bear it any longer, she called Frank. 
The phone rang a few times and as soon as it was connected, she couldn’t hold back her anger and resentment, asking coldly: "Frank, what’s the deal with that Blog post you published?" 
On the other side, Frank was silent for a few seconds before saying calmly, "It’s exactly what you saw. What’s the matter?" 
Rebecca was taken aback. 
The disappointment and anger in her eyes deepened. 
She didn’t expect Frank to admit it so readily. 
He didn’t have any intention of explaining to her at all. 
He had never been like this before. 
He would always explain everything to her when she asked. 
She felt more and more betrayed, with her anger causing her to lose her rationality. Her voice became sharp, and she seemed domineering: "Why do you have to help Joanna? You know I don’t like her." 
"Frank, are you also charmed by her? Didn’t you say that you would help me? You promised to help me, so why are you helping Joanna instead? Why?"
###Chapter 610: Chapter 609 You know in your heart whether it’s for Ashton or not
She thought that even if the whole world betrayed her, Frank Parker wouldn’t. 
After all, he was Frank Parker. 
The man who had promised to treat her well for a lifetime. 
How could he do this? 
If even he left her, she couldn’t bear it. 
Now... he was the only one she had left. 
"Rebecca, calm down. I did promise to help you, but this matter is different. And don’t make wild guesses, she’s Ashton’s woman, I couldn’t possibly have any thoughts about her." 
"I happened to be there at the time, and I just helped make a clarification. Don’t overthink it." 
This explanation was not what Rebecca wanted to hear. 
She sneered, "Did Ashton ask you to help?"
"No," Frank answered quickly, "Ashton never asked me." 
"And you say you didn’t fall for her?" Rebecca’s voice became even more sharp, "If you don’t like her, why did you help her? You’ve never been the kind of person who likes to meddle in others’ affairs. Frank Parker, did you ever consider how I would feel when you did this?" 
"Rebecca..." 
"You knew I would be upset, angry, and yet you still did it. Is Joanna more important than me in your heart now? Frank Parker, when did you become such a coward, not even daring to admit when you like someone? Are you afraid that Ashton will cut ties with you if he finds out?" 
"Don’t be unreasonable, Rebecca." Frank’s voice darkened, "She’s Ashton’s wife now, and if her reputation gets ruined, do you think that will be a good thing for Ashton? Won’t that affect him?" 
"So, are you saying that you helped her for Ashton’s sake?" Rebecca scoffed, "Don’t you think this excuse is too lame? She and Ashton have a secret marriage, who knows they’re married?" 
"People may not know now, but they’ll find out eventually. Besides, Ashton never intended to keep their marriage a secret. Why they’re not announcing it, only they know." 
"Frank Parker, do you think I’ll believe you?" Rebecca’s voice grew colder, "Whether it’s for Ashton or not, you know in your heart. If you regret the things you promised me before, you can go back on them now. I don’t like to force others." 
There was a long silence on the other end, before Frank spoke up, "I have nothing more to explain, and if you don’t believe me, there’s nothing I can say. I will keep the promise I made to you; you didn’t force me, and nobody else can force me either." 
"Rebecca, I just want to ask you one more thing, are you sure you want to do this?" 
"Frank Parker, what do you mean? Are you backing out now?" 
"I’m not backing out," Frank said calmly, "I just don’t want you to have regrets. You know Ashton’s personality; once he finds out..." 
"Then don’t let him find out," Rebecca’s eyes showed no hesitation, her voice cold, "Frank, it’s Joanna who’s forcing me. I have loved Ashton for more than twenty years, and I can give everything for him. No one loves him more than I do." 
"How long has she known Ashton? How much can she really understand him? What right does she have to take away the man I’ve loved for so many years?" 
"No matter what, I can’t let Ashton go to her." 
"Rebecca," Frank suddenly laughed bitterly, "You said you’ve loved Ashton for more than twenty years, so in your eyes, there’s only one Ashton, right? Other people...even if they treat you well, even if...you can’t see them, right?"
###Chapter 611: Chapter 610: I Like You
Rebecca’s face slightly changed. 
Although Frank Parker spoke in fits and starts, how could she not understand the meaning of his words? 
Long, long ago, she knew he liked her. 
However, she had always pretended not to know. 
He, for some reasons, didn’t confess his feelings to her all this while. 
Or perhaps, whenever he hinted at it, she’d feigned ignorance. 
The Parker family and the Kelloway family, were a perfect match in social and economic status. 
Frank’s situation was considered excellent among his peers in the upper-class society. 
The only flaw was that he was prone to fits of anger. 
But he had undergone treatments for many years, and hadn’t had an outbreak in a long time. 
As long as he could control his temper, his explosive anger wouldn’t manifest. 
So, in all terms, Frank Parker was a prime candidate for marriage. 
The most important thing was, he genuinely liked her. 
And he had persisted for so many years. 
If she got married to him, she would certainly lead a blissful life. 
She knew all these in her heart. 
But the man she wanted to marry was Ashton Heath, not Frank Parker. 
No matter how well he treated her, it wasn’t what she wanted. 
Therefore, she didn’t want Frank to confess his feelings to her. It would cause awkwardness between them once she rejected him, which was something she wasn’t ready to handle. 
So, all these years, she had acted oblivious to Frank’s intentional and unintentional hints. 
She couldn’t accept Frank Parker, but she also couldn’t refuse his kindness towards her. 
Because he was genuinely good to her. 
This was a kindness that any woman would find hard to resist. 
She thought that, as long as they didn’t break the thin veneer of their relationship and get along as they have been, it would be fine. 
She was content with him treating her as if she were his beloved sister. 
But now, her thoughts were somewhat wavering. 
A moment ago, it seemed like Frank wanted to break that fragile layer between them. 
It seemed...he wanted to confess his feelings to her. 
If it had been before, she would have changed the topic right away, not giving him a chance to express his wishes. 
But this time...
If she continued to act clueless like before, she wasn’t sure if she could wait for Frank’s confession in the future. 
In the past, she never worried about these things and had complete trust in him. 
She was confident enough that he would never fall for another woman. 
But now, Joanna Lawrence suddenly appeared. 
She sensed an unprecedented crisis. 
She had a premonition that if she didn’t seize this opportunity, Frank Parker... might actually leave her. 
"Rebecca," Frank Parker was silent for a moment, then spoke again, his voice sounding weary, "Apart from Ashton, have you ever cared for anyone else? You mind if I’m kind to others, but what about you?" 
"You repeatedly tell me in front of my face, how much you like Ashton, how important he is to you. Do you think I enjoy hearing it, or do you think I really see you as a sister, so you can speak freely in front of me?" 
"Rebecca, all these years, haven’t you had any feelings at all?" 
"Frank, you..." 
"Before, I did see you as a sister. But since ten years ago, you are not my sister anymore. I’ve liked you for so many years, do you really not feel anything at all?" 
Once certain words are spoken, there is no possibility to take them back. 
There is no need for any pretense either. 
"Rebecca, I like you," Frank Parker’s voice was calm, as if stating a fact, but each word was spoken clearly, "I know you like Ashton, so all these years, even though I had some thoughts, I never told you. I also know, you have noticed something, it’s just...you didn’t want me to say it."
###Chapter 612: Chapter 611: Do you like me because I saved you?
"Since you don’t want to hear it, I won’t say it." 
"If you and Ashton could truly be together, I would bless you both. But now that Ashton is married, you still won’t give up. I really don’t want to hear from you again how much you love him and care about him." 
"You think I don’t have feelings and won’t be hurt?" 
After saying this, Frank Parker fell silent. 
Rebecca Kelloway was silent for a long time, too. 
The things she had been avoiding for so many years were finally exposed. 
"Never mind, just forget that I said anything." A few minutes later, Frank Parker spoke first, "I take back what I just said. Pretend you never heard it." 
But how could she possibly pretend not to hear the words that had already been spoken? 
Moreover, this time Rebecca deliberately gave him the opportunity to speak out. 
"I heard everything and listened very clearly. How do you want me to pretend that I never heard it?" Rebecca’s eyes flashed, feigning surprise as if totally caught off guard, "Frank, what you just said... was it all...true? Are you not joking with me?" 
Frank’s voice was heavy: "Do you think I would joke with you about these things?" 
"But why...?" 
"What do you mean why?" 
"You just said that you used to see me as a younger sister." 
"Yes, ten years ago, I saw you as a sister." 
Ten years ago... 
Rebecca suddenly recalled that Night. 
Her heart "fluttered" for a moment, her eyes flashing, unable to help but clench her phone. 
"Then why..." She had almost guessed the reason already. 
"Rebecca, do you remember that night ten years ago? It was my birthday. Because of an incident, we argued, quite violently. Later, I went to the backyard in a bad mood and accidentally fell into the swimming pool." 
"At that time, I couldn’t swim." 
"I was struggling in the water, calling for help, but no one came to save me. Just when I thought I was going to die like that, you appeared and saved me, pulling me onto the shore. When I opened my eyes, the first person I saw was you. When I realized you saved me, do you know what I was thinking?" 
Clenching her phone tightly, Rebecca’s face changed, biting her lip, "What were you thinking?" 
"I thought that I wanted to be good to you for a lifetime. When I grow up, I’ll marry you and make you my wife. Then I’ll spoil you, cherish you, and never let you suffer a bit of grievance for the rest of my life." 
"Since I had that idea, I tried not to see you as a sister anymore." 
"So..." 
Upon hearing his words, there was no joy on Rebecca’s face. 
Recalling the events of that night, her face changed again, clenching her fists, "Do you like me just because I saved you?" 
"I guess so." 
Frank Parker’s admission was like a punch to her face, shattering her confidence that she had built up over the years. 
She never knew that the reason Frank Parker liked her was because of the events that happened that night. 
So, if it weren’t for that night, he... would never have liked her in the first place? 
But that night...
Although it had been a full ten years. 
She still hadn’t forgotten about it. 
It was clearly etched in her heart. 
Many times, she had dreamed that she had returned to that night, experiencing the whole event all over again. 
But unlike reality, in her dreams, she was exposed by someone. 
The little girl who saved Frank Parker appeared out of nowhere, publicly exposing her, saying that she was lying.
###Chapter 613: Chapter 612: From now on, just call her the Kelloway Family’s Big Swindler
The moment her lie was exposed, everyone laughed at her, despised her, called her shameless, and said she was a despicable fraud. 
Frank Parker and the others were deeply disappointed in her and wanted to break off their friendship with her. 
Everyone around her, family and friends, all felt disappointed in her. In their eyes, she had become a shameless and despicable liar. 
All the halo of Ms. Joanna vanished from her in an instant, leaving her completely bare. 
She was no longer an of envy and admiration to others. 
Instead, she became a joke. 
She heard many people mocking her: "This is supposed to be Ms. Rebecca of the noble Kelloway family, a well-bred lady, and she did such a shameless thing. Even replacing someone else’s achievements was done by her." 
"Yeah, you really can’t judge a book by its cover, it’s truly shameless." 
"Ugh, despicable, disgusting." 
"What kind of Ms. Rebecca is this? From now on, she should just be called Rebecca the swindler." 
Those voices kept ringing in her ears over and over again. 
It was so noisy that her head was about to explode. 
When she woke up from her dream, she could still hear the mockery echoing in her ears, one after another, cycling through her mind. 
During that time, she was almost on the verge of collapse. 
She was very scared. 
Scared that her dream would become a reality. 
Scared that the little girl who actually saved Frank would suddenly appear and expose her lies in public, just like in her dream. 
Thinking back to those uneasy days, she clenched her fingers, tensed her body, and said, "That night... is it really that important to you? If, I mean if... the person who saved you wasn’t me, would you still like me and be kind to me? Would you still be like you are now, willing to defend and help me at every turn?" 
"Frank, if it was someone else who saved you that night, would you still continue to like me and treat me kindly?" 
As she spoke, she didn’t know why, but suddenly felt very afraid. 
It was a sudden feeling of fear and panic, as if she was about to lose something important. 
But why should she be afraid? 
The girl from that night had long since disappeared. 
And even if they were to meet again one day, it had been ten whole years, and people change. 
Who would recognize who anyway? 
Moreover, Frank had been unconscious at the time and had no idea who the girl really was or what she looked like. 
Otherwise, he would not have believed that she was his lifesaver. 
For so many years, he had never doubted it. 
She didn’t really have anything to worry about. 
No one else would know the truth about this matter, aside from her and that girl. 
And that girl would never appear again. 
She would hide this secret in her heart for the rest of her life. 
Frank Parker... would never know the truth. 
In her phone, there was a long silence without any sound coming through. 
All that she could hear was the sound of the other person’s breathing. 
The feeling of anxiety and fear grew stronger and stronger. 
Rebecca Kelloway bit her lip, her long nails digging into the palms of her hands, leaving bloody marks on them, but she didn’t feel any pain: "Frank, why aren’t you saying anything? Did you hear what I just said?" 
"Rebecca, why would you suddenly ask that?" Eventually, Frank Parker broke the long silence. 
His tone didn’t sound any different than before, but Rebecca felt as if something had changed. 
She suppressed the panic that welled up inside her, took a deep breath, and tried to maintain her composure, saying, "Just curious, just asking casually."</p
###Chapter 614: Chapter 613 I Hate Being Lied to the Most
"You still haven’t answered my question. If the person who saved you that night wasn’t me but someone else, what would you do?" 
"Would you fall for the girl who rescued you?" 
"The person from that night was you," Frank Parker replied, sidestepping the question. "I don’t want to analyze a hypothetical that doesn’t make sense." 
"But..." 
"Rebecca, the person who saved me that night was you. The first person I saw when I opened my eyes was you, standing there wet in front of me, with red eyes, calling my name." 
"I don’t know how to answer the questions you just asked. But if the person who saved me that night wasn’t you, I would be very disappointed, extremely disappointed. Rebecca, I hate being lied to the most." 
"If someone I’m close to deceives me, it would feel like a knife stabbing my heart. So don’t ever lie to me, or I don’t know what I might do." 
Rebecca Kelloway’s expression froze, and her grip on the phone stiffened. 
Even if she couldn’t see the person, in that instant, she could feel the chill emanating from the phone. 
* 
Parker Family residence. 
By the massive swimming pool. 
A servant stood beside Frank Parker, handing him a glass of ice-cold mineral water. Frank took it, drank a few sips, and looked at the screen of the disconnected call. After pondering for a moment, he threw the phone onto the table. 
A maid handed him a peeled, iced grape, respectfully saying, "Mr. Parker." 
Frank raised his head, a glint of darkness flashing through his narrow, soft eyes. His slender, jade-like fingers ran slowly along the cold glass edge, and he said in a deep voice, "Put it down, nobody needs to be served here anymore, leave." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker." 
Frank had just bathed and was wrapped in a white towel, lounging lazily on a sofa beside the pool. 
The exposed chest and the long, straight, powerful legs were visually striking. 
His skin was exceptionally fair and cold-toned, like a vampire in the movies. Sunlight shined on him, making beads of water rolling down his chest refract sparkling light as if they were embedded diamonds. 
He was different from the typical affluent offspring, who indulged in women and neglected exercise, appearing weak at first glance. 
Among his group, they might be indulgent, but when it came to managing their own bodies, the discipline was strict. 
Before leaving, the maid stole a glance at the man next to her, her heart racing and cheeks blushing. 
Mr. Ashton’s body was truly impressive. 
That chiseled set of muscles sent her heart racing. 
Especially the defined abs – she had counted them, a total of eight. 
Mr. Ashton was attractive, in great shape, graduated from a prestigious university, and was the sole heir to the Parker family. 
He could be called heaven’s prince. 
She thought there were hardly any women in the entire Closia who could match such an outstanding young master. 
If it weren’t for his manic disorder, he’d be perfect. 
But even with his disease, his qualifications were still exceptional. 
Just for his status as the young master of the Parker family, countless women wanted to marry him. 
Though his romantic life seemed a bit reckless, just like the young master of the Luther family, frequently changing female companions, those familiar with Mr. Ashton knew he was just being picky. 
None of the women he frequently changed had ever made it to his heart. 
To put it bluntly, they were just bed partners.
###Chapter 615: Chapter 614: I Want to Investigate an Incident from Ten Years Ago
Mr. Ashton has high standards, and the only woman who could probably catch his heart and attention is Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family. 
In terms of family background, appearance, education, and all other aspects, Ms. Rebecca indeed matches Mr. Ashton’s standards.
However, it seems like Ms. Rebecca doesn’t like Mr. Ashton. 
Alas, who knows what kind of woman will become Mr. Ashton’s other half in the future? 
After the maid left, Frank Parker gently shook the glass with the ice cubes that hadn’t melted yet, his narrow eyes squinting as he thought of the phone call he just made, he then picked up his cell phone and dialed a number. 
After the call went through, a very respectful voice came from the other end: "Mr. Parker." 
"Help me investigate something." 
Frank Parker placed the glass on the table, his slender fair fingers lightly tapping the table twice. He closed his eyes in contemplation for a few seconds before saying softly, "I want to investigate something that happened ten years ago." 
* 
Joanna’s scandals were quickly removed. 
With the Heath Group’s PR team on the case and less than half an hour later, all the influential figures deleted the scandals they had shared, followed by the removal of the hot search, and then many netizens found their accounts being blocked. 
The once noisy scandals vanished without a trace. 
The speed of the disappearance made it seem like all those previous issues were merely a figment of netizens’ imagination. 
As if nothing had happened at all. 
Even related topics were banned. 
Some netizens found that as long as they typed "Joanna" or "Joanna the mistress" in their Blog, their posts would not go through. 
These netizens had no choice but to use phonetic replacements. 
Missing a Girlfriend: Damn, who else has the same problem as me when typing "qiaomianmian" in their Blog and can’t send it through? Is it Mr. David’s doing? That’s really something. 
Your smile looks beautiful: Me too, I couldn’t send my Blog when I typed in her name just now. I thought it was my network problem at first, but seeing everyone else saying the same, it seems like it’s not a network issue. I suddenly notice that Joanna and David’s hot search has been removed and those influential figures also deleted their Blogs. Is Mr. David really that powerful? This kind of operation must cost a lot of money, right? 
Honestly, you are ugly: Just having money isn’t enough, right? Money can buy the removal of hot searches, but to make all influential figures delete their related Blogs, it’s not just about having money. I also think that Benington Group doesn’t seem to have that much influence. Is there an incredible force behind Joanna? Could it be Mr. Parker is helping her? 
Little cutie: This Joanna woman is too amazing, not only did Mr. Parker help her make a clarification on Blog, but he also helped her remove all the scandals. Oh my God, Mr. Parker has never cared so much about any woman before. Could she really be Mr. Parker’s girlfriend? Not being biased, but she is quite beautiful, like a fairy-type girl, the kind men can’t help but adore. It seems normal if Mr. Parker actually has fallen for her. 
A sour lemon: Not being biased, she does look good, but she’s not that beautiful to be fairy-like. It’s all makeup and beauty filters; let’s see her true face without them in a selfie. Only if she looks good without makeup and in a front-camera, she could be considered truly beautiful. 
Somehow, a busybody netizen went through Joanna’s photo albums from the past two years and actually found a photo that hadn’t been Photoshopped or makeup-ed, just a direct shot from the original camera.
###Chapter 616: Chapter 615: Heath Group’s Public Relations is Indeed Very Strong
In the photo, Joanna Lawrence’s skin appeared exceptionally delicate. 
Under the close-up shot, one could see the tiny hairs on her face, yet there wasn’t a single flaw to be found. 
At a single glance, one could tell that she had not applied any makeup in the picture. 
Purely makeup-free. 
However, her features were still incredibly exquisite, with rosy lips and white teeth, she appeared even more ethereal than when she had makeup on.
When the busy netizens posted the photo, the one who previously demanded to see her makeup-free face fell silent. 
This round of photo posting not only silenced the naysayers, but it also attracted many others who marveled at her beauty. 
The photo post received tens of thousands of likes and thousands of comments. 
In the comments, people were praising Joanna’s out-of-this-world beauty and asking for her Blog account to follow her. 
As a result, this so-called scandal did not affect Joanna at all. Instead, it unexpectedly helped her gain almost a hundred thousand followers. 
Before the increase in followers, she had just over thirty thousand fans. 
After the increase, she had nearly one hundred and forty thousand. 
Joanna rarely posted selfies on her Blog. Among her hundreds of pictures, there were only three or four selfies. 
However, netizens managed to find these selfies. 
The number of comments on each post went from a few or a dozen to hundreds and thousands. 
Although such comment numbers might not mean much to celebrities with fame, for Joanna, it was already quite a lot. 
Almost comparable to a popular internet celebrity’s comment count. 
Inside the office. 
Looking at her rapidly increasing number of followers, her eyes widened, feeling somewhat at a loss. 
Just half an hour ago, she was being lambasted by others. 
Now, her Blog is actually gaining followers? 
What on earth was going on? 
She rubbed her eyes several times, doubting if she was hallucinating. 
"What’s wrong?" Seeing her staring wide-eyed at her phone screen, Ashton Heath touched her head and glanced at her screen. 
"I... I gained followers, like... a lot of them." 
Hundreds of thousands of followers!! 
For a minor actress like her, this was an astonishing number. 
What’s more, these followers weren’t bought fake ones, but genuine fans. 
For the first time, Joanna experienced the astonishment of gaining hundreds of thousands of followers and appeared flabbergasted. 
Ashton looked at her phone again, nodding. His slender fingers ran through her hair, combing it as he said, "If gaining followers makes you so happy, do you want me to buy you ten million dollars-worth of followers?" 
"... No." 
Joanna was startled by his proposal, fearing that he would order someone to do it the next second. She immediately said, "Please don’t buy me any followers. I don’t need them. I don’t have any fame right now. If you buy me tens of million dollars worth of followers, people will know that they were bought." 
"What I want are genuine fans, not bought ones." 
"I believe that one day I will be able to gain tens of millions of fans based on my own abilities." 
Ashton’s adoring eyes, brimming with indulgence, curved into a smile as he said, "Mm, I also believe in my baby’s capabilities." 
After scrolling through her Blog for a while, Joanna realized that she could no longer see any of her scandals. 
She scrolled for a long time but couldn’t find a single post. 
Yet, just half an hour ago, her scandals were all over the place. 
She couldn’t help but admire the Heath Group’s powerful public relations in her heart.
###Chapter 617: Chapter 616: Beguiling Beauty!
Knock, knock, knock. There was a knock on the door.
Ashton Heath looked up, said, "come in", and Cody Aberton walked in from outside after the office door was pushed open. 
Seeing the Boss and Lady Boss still embraced each other, deep in his heart, he thought:... 
Is President Ashton going ever conduct business like this in the future? 
Is he sure that it wouldn’t affect work efficiency? 
Cody Aberton walked a few steps forward, maintaining a distance that wouldn’t be too obnoxious, and then stopped. 
"President Ashton, all of Ms. Joanna’s scandals have been erased, and the related topics have been banned. After our investigation, those buying fake followers and Likes and Shares for Ms. Joanna all belong to the same Online Trolls Company." 
"That Online Trolls Company is the largest one in the industry. Many stars’ comments, likes, and shares, as well as some associated topics, are bought from them. I’ve sent people to investigate it. I believe we will soon find out who is behind the scandal against Ms. Joanna." 
"Hmm." Ashton nodded, "Do I have a dinner party tonight? Cancel it for me. Reschedule it to a convenient time." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
I knew it was going to be like this. 
With Ms. Joanna here, where would President Ashton have any thought for anything else? 
Alas, fair beauty sways the mind, beauty sways the mind oh! 
"Yes, President Ashton, I’ll contact them right away." 
Facing this kind of boss who is engrossed in love and has no intention of working, what can he do but adapt? 
After giving instructions, Ashton Heath lifted his wrist to check the time, and closed his laptop: "Alright, there’s nothing else for now. You can take your leave." 
Cody Aberton responded, knowing that he was a redundant presence, decided not to linger and left the room. 
Ashton Heath, holding Joanna Lawrence, asked: "Baby, what do you feel like eating tonight?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked at him with a glowing smile, and said offhandedly: "Shall we have fondue? Dare you join me?" 
Upon hearing the word "fondue", Ashton’s eyebrows slightly knitted. But he still nodded and said, "Okay." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t miss his tiny reaction. She held back her laughter and said, "Are you really going to accompany me? You don’t have to if you don’t want to. I could ask Aria some other day." 
"No need to push." Ashton Heath pinched her cheek gently, "You have a husband, you shouldn’t always ask your friend to accompany you. I feel I’m not as important to you as your Aria is." 
The last half of the sentence, the man spoke with a touch of discontent. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Come on, is he...jealous of Aria Rowlett? 
It would be understandable if he is jealous of some other man. 
After all, there is some competition between the same gender. 
But, he’s jealous of another woman? 
My god, this man’s jealousy is growing bigger and bigger. 
* 
They left the Heath Group. 
In the end, they decided to go to a place for French cuisine. 
The Heath Group is located in the city center, and so is the restaurant. It takes about ten minutes to drive there. 
Halfway through the journey, Ashton Heath took a call. 
After hanging up the phone, he changed direction at a turning intersection. 
Joanna Lawrence was confused and asked: "Aren’t we going for French cuisine? Why are you..." 
"Mom just called me to ask us to come home for dinner." 
Ashton Heath glanced at her and explained: "Grandma also said that she misses you and wants to see you. You’re going to be out of town for a film shoot in a few days. By the time you get back, it will already be long after. It’s only right that we should visit them before you leave."
###Chapter 618: Chapter 617: Rest assured, your husband will take responsibility for all consequences.
Joanna missed Madam Heath a bit. 
But when she thought of Lady Octavia, she didn’t feel that great. 
She believed that Madam Heath really missed her. 
As for Lady Octavia... 
Probably not very keen on seeing her. 
"So should we go empty-handed?" Joanna felt a bit embarrassed. "Last time I went, your mom...no, Mom and Grandma gave me very valuable gifts. I feel it’s not appropriate to go empty-handed." 
"We’re all family, don’t worry about it. As long as you’re there, they’ll be happy. Besides, we have everything at home already." 
"But I still think we should buy something." 
In the end, under her insistence, Ashton Heath went shopping with her. 
With Ashton’s recommendation, she bought a silk scarf for both Madam Heath and Lady Octavia. 
The salesperson wrapped the gifts, and after leaving the mall and getting in the car, Joanna hesitated, "Should we buy something else? Just a scarf, is it too casual?" 
Actually, the scarves weren’t cheap either. 
Seventy to eighty thousand dollars each, which, for Joanna, was a very, very valuable gift. 
But only for her. 
For people with the status of Madam Heath and Lady Octavia, a gift worth tens of thousands dollars is probably like buying three items from a dollar store. 
But she couldn’t afford to buy something very expensive either. 
The bracelet Lady Octavia gave her was worth tens of millions of dollars. 
The properties Madam Heath gave her were worth hundreds of millions of dollars. 
If she were to give an equivalent gift, she definitely couldn’t afford it. 
"No." Ashton stroked her head softly, reassuringly, "As long as your heart is in it, it’s enough. Like I said, Mom and Grandma don’t lack anything and won’t be impressed by even more valuable gifts." 
"What’s special is not the gift itself, but who’s giving the gift." 
"Alright, don’t worry about it anymore. Don’t you trust your husband? Hm?" 
"It’s not that..." 
Joanna pursed her lips and whispered, "I just feel that compared to their gifts, mine is...a bit stingy." 
"One is my biological mom, and the other is my biological grandma. I’ve lived with them for over twenty years. Baby, do you think my understanding of them could be less than yours? I say they’ll like it, so they definitely will." 
"Listen to your husband, it’s bound to be right." 
"Fine..." 
Since he said it, Joanna stopped worrying and nodded, "In any case, you said it, not that I’m stingy." 
Ashton laughed softly, his handsome face leaned close, his nose rubbing lightly against hers, "Yes, I said it. Don’t worry, your husband will take responsibility for any consequences." 
* 
An hour later, they arrived at Heath Villa. 
After getting out of the car, Tedd was waiting to greet them. 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna," Tedd greeted respectfully. "Dinner is ready, Lady Octavia and Madam Heath are waiting for you." 
Ashton nodded, leading Joanna forward: "How have Lady Octavia and Madam Heath been these past days?" 
Tedd followed behind and respectfully replied, "Lady Octavia and Madam Heath are as healthy as ever." 
"Good, since my brother and I are usually not at home, you need to put in more effort and take care of them." 
"Yes, sir, it’s my duty. Mr. Brandon has returned today; he’s in the living room now, chatting with Lady Octavia and Madam Heath." 
Ashton stopped in his tracks and turned around, raising an eyebrow, "Brandon is back?" 
"Yes."
###Chapter 619: Chapter 618: Do you care about Brandon’s opinion?
As soon as the words fell, Ashton Heath felt the soft hand in his palm tighten and then grip his hand firmly. 
He lowered his head to look, meeting a pair of bright and shining black eyes. The little woman beside him was looking at him with undisguised excitement and curiosity. 
And also... a touch of nervousness. 
"Your big... big brother is back?" When Joanna Lawrence heard Tedd say that Brandon Heath was coming back, she was almost overwhelmed with excitement. 
Oh my god. 
So she could see Brandon Heath later? 
The future presidential candidate. 
Just think about it, it’s so exciting. 
In the past, she had only seen him on television and in some pictures. At that time, she felt that people like Brandon Heath were too far away from her. 
So far away that she probably wouldn’t have a chance to see him in person in her life. 
But unexpectedly... 
Suddenly, she became Brandon’s sister-in-law. 
A person she thought she would never meet in her life had become her family. 
Now, she could see him in person right away. 
Though Joanna wasn’t as exaggerated as Aria Rowlett, who treated Brandon Heath as a heartthrob and worshiped him, for a common person like her, a chance to see Brandon was enough to make her excited for a long time. 
Brandon Heath was not her heartthrob. 
But what girl wouldn’t get excited and maintain composure when she was about to meet a future presidential candidate? 
Her excitement and anticipation were evident in her eyes, as she looked forward to the upcoming meeting. 
Ashton Heath watched and felt a little jealous. 
"Hmm." He responded lightly, feeling jealous inside but not showing it on the surface. 
"Ashton, I’m a little nervous." 
Walking to the gate of the main house and seeing the bright lights in the hall, Joanna hesitated for a moment and squeezed Ashton’s hand. 
She didn’t know what kind of person Brandon himself was. 
Would he be as serious and difficult to get along with in daily life as he appeared on television? 
"There’s nothing to be nervous about," Ashton said with a smile. "Haven’t you already met Mom and Grandma? As for Brandon, you don’t need to be afraid of him. Although he looks quite serious on the surface, he’s not a difficult person to deal with." 
"I know." Joanna took a deep breath. "But I’m still a little nervous. Does he... know about your marriage?" 
"Of course he does." 
"What... what did he say?" 
"Hmm?" Ashton’s eyebrows furrowed slightly, feeling jealous again, and couldn’t help but ask, "Do you care about his opinion that much?" 
Joanna’s lips moved as she was about to reply. However, catching the sight of the man’s knitted eyebrows, she swallowed the words already at her lips. 
Was he... jealous again? 
She didn’t know what to do with a man who easily got jealous of everything, be it her best friend, his assistant, or even his own big brother. 
She suddenly wondered if, when they have a baby in the future, he would be jealous of their own child too. 
"No, I was just asking." 
Ashton Heath stared at her with furrowed brows for a few seconds and continued to lead her into the room, whispering as they walked, "Brandon and I have similar personalities. We don’t interfere in other people’s affairs. You are my wife, and the woman I love. What opinion could he have of you?" 
"Of course he’s willing to accept you as his sister-in-law."
###Chapter 620: Chapter 619: Much more loved than you, you little brat
When he said the word "sister," he emphasized it particularly. 
As if he was stressing something. 
Joanna Lawrence, who noticed this: "..." 
Ashton Heath, this childish man. 
He’s really enough! 
* 
"Madam Heath, Lady Octavia, Mr. Brandon, Mr. Ashton, and Ms. Joanna have returned home." 
Entering the hall, Joanna Lawrence immediately noticed Madam Heath sitting on the sofa in the middle of the room. 
On a sofa next to Madam Heath sat Lady Octavia. 
On the other side, there sat a man in a white shirt and black trousers, with a pair of gold-rimmed glasses on his nose. 
Joanna Lawrence saw Brandon Heath on TV. 
So she recognized at a glance that the man was Brandon Heath. 
Indeed, there’s a difference between him on TV and in real life. 
On TV, Brandon Heath is handsome. 
In reality, he’s much better looking than on TV. 
Like Ashton Heath, his facial features are deep and three-dimensional, his skin is very fair, and even though he’s sitting, his long legs elegantly crossed suggest that he’s at least 1.8 meters tall. 
Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath look a little alike, but not quite. 
Upon closer inspection, one can see that Ashton Heath’s features are more like Lady Octavia’s, while only Brandon Heath’s eyes resemble her, the rest of him doesn’t. 
Presumably, one brother takes after their mother more, and the other takes after their father more. 
Brandon Heath is not much older, only three years older than Ashton Heath. 
But the three-year gap has made a considerable difference between the two brothers. 
Brandon Heath appears much more mature than his actual age. 
Not that he looks old, but his demeanor is very steady, restrained, and coupled with his glasses, he has a scholarly air about him, really giving off the vibe of a veteran. 
Seeing him, Joanna Lawrence was reminded of a head teacher she had once had. 
That was the teacher she feared the most. 
Instantly, she felt like she was being controlled by some fear from her childhood experiences, and anxiously gripped Ashton Heath’s hand. 
"Oh my, my dear granddaughter-in-law is finally here." Madam Heath, seeing Joanna Lawrence, was so pleased that her face brimmed with a flowering smile, beckoning joyfully, "Come here, let grandma have a good look at you, I’ve missed you so much."
Madam Heath’s enthusiasm relieved Joanna’s nervousness and fear a little. 
But she was still a bit nervous and scared. 
Ashton Heath sensed this, gently squeezed her hand to comfort her, and led her slowly forward. 
Before they could get too close, Madam Heath reached out, pulled Joanna before her, gently patted her hand, and affectionately asked, "Are you hungry? Anything particular you’d like to eat? I can have it made for you right away." 
Madam Heath’s solicitousness moved Joanna Lawrence. 
She opened her mouth to speak, but was interrupted by a soft chuckle: "Grandma, I’ve never seen you get so excited when I come back. This granddaughter-in-law of yours, seems more important than your grandson." 
The man’s voice had a pleasing baritone, giving off a refined and scholarly impression. 
Just hearing his voice, you’d know he was a captivating man. 
Hearing it was Brandon Heath speaking, Joanna Lawrence was taken aback. 
She was instinctively fearful of this man she should call "older brother." 
"Joanna is much more likable than you, you naughty boy." Despite Brandon Heath’s distinguished exterior, in Madam Heath’s eyes, at home, he was just her sweet grandson, nothing more, nothing less.
###Chapter 621: Chapter 620: Are You Planning to Stay Single for the Rest of Your Life?
She had spanked his butt when he was little, and she could still do it now. 
Madam Heath pretended to be angry and glared at him before complaining, "Just look at you, how often do you even come home? Your work is your life, no, it’s even more important than your life." 
"To have you come home and visit me, this old lady, is harder than anything." 
"With a grandson like you, who only knows how to make me angry, how can I dote on you?" 
After saying this, Madam Heath gently patted Joanna’s hand, and her tone immediately became very gentle, "My granddaughter-in-law is much more well-behaved than you." 
"Yes, yes, yes." Brandon didn’t refute her, and he followed along with her mood, expressing his good temper, "It’s my fault for upsetting you, Grandma. I have been a bit busy lately and haven’t had much time to spare. Once I get some free time, I will definitely come home more often to visit you." 
"Hmph." Madam Heath didn’t give him any face and glared at him again, "I’ve already grown tired of hearing this from you. When have you ever followed through on it?" 
Brandon raised his hand to adjust his glasses frame and said somewhat helplessly, "Grandma... " 
"Enough, enough, you’re just a workaholic. You can’t stand not working for a single day. I don’t have any expectations for you to have free time anymore. When you actually have time, you should deal with your personal issues first, and then your mom and I can rest assured." 
Brandon, who was suddenly being urged to get married: "..." 
Madam Heath continued, "As long as you get married and have someone at home, you naturally won’t work so hard. Ashton used to be just like you, but now that he’s married, I didn’t even have to advise him, he knows to take some time off to be with his wife." 
"In my opinion, the fastest and best way to cure your ’workaholic’ disease is to get married as soon as possible." 
Brandon wore a helpless expression on his face. 
"Octavia, Brandon isn’t getting any younger. You should help him find a suitable marriage partner too." Madam Heath was quick to give orders, immediately pushing Lady Octavia to find someone for Brandon. 
Unable to bear it any longer, for fear that Lady Octavia would really start looking for a marriage partner for him, he raised the corner of his lips into a helpless smile, "Mom, Grandma, I don’t have any plans to get married for now, so please don’t arrange anything for me." 
"Do you think I have time to start a romance under my current circumstances?" 
Madam Heath furrowed her brows, "In two more years, you will be thirty. If you don’t have plans to get married now, when will you? If you keep working this hard, are you planning to stay single for life?"
Madam Heath became even more irritated as she spoke, "In my opinion, you shouldn’t have run for president at all. With the Heath family’s current status, getting elected would just be icing on the cake, and failing wouldn’t have much of an impact. You’re already so busy now, if you were to actually get elected, I doubt you’d be able to come home even once a year." 
Seeing that Madam Heath was getting angry, Brandon didn’t dare to say anything else. 
All the words of rebuttal were swallowed back down. 
He picked up the coffee on the table and took a few silent sips. 
"Grandma." Ashton had been watching the commotion for a while, and finally stepped up, pulling his wife back to his side, hugging Joanna, and speaking with a smirk, "There’s no need to rush with Brandon’s problem, you can take your time educating him later. Joanna knew she was coming for dinner tonight and asked me to accompany her in picking out gifts for you and mom. Take a look to see if you like them?"
###Chapter 622: Chapter 622: Leave it, I’ll unpack it later.
As he spoke, he took out the two well-packaged silk scarves from the bag. 
Seeing this, Tedd on one side hurriedly stepped forward, took the boxes, and handed them one by one to Madam Heath and Lady Octavia. 
"Oh, Joanna even bought us gifts." Madam Heath hadn’t seen what was inside the box yet but happily accepted it, looking very pleased. 
Lady Octavia glanced down when Tedd handed her the box and guessed what was inside after seeing the logo on the box. 
A touch of dissatisfaction flashed in her eyes. She took the box without any interest in opening it and casually tossed it aside. 
On the other side. 
Madam Heath opened the box, took out the silk scarf with a cheerful smile, and kept praising, "Did Joanna pick this scarf for me? It’s so beautiful. My daughter-in-law has such good taste. Grandma loves this gift." 
It was clear that Madam Heath was truly happy and really liked the gift she sent. 
Joanna couldn’t help but sigh in relief. 
Thankfully, Madam Heath didn’t think the gift she sent was not valuable enough. 
However, when she saw Lady Octavia on the other side, who hadn’t even opened the box and directly threw it on the sofa, her mood was somewhat affected. 
She knew that Lady Octavia didn’t like her. 
She realized it during her first visit to the Heath family. 
She also told herself not to care too much, as long as Madam Heath and Ashton liked her, that was enough. 
Moreover, she didn’t live with Lady Octavia. 
Whether Lady Octavia liked her or not didn’t have much impact on her. 
But to be completely indifferent, she couldn’t do it. 
Lady Octavia was Ashton’s mother. 
If possible, Joanna would really like to have her approval. 
The blessings of the elders are also crucial to a relationship. 
Ashton saw the disappointment in her eyes and, following her gaze, noticed the box Lady Octavia had thrown aside. After a few seconds of silence, he released Joanna’s hand and picked up the box. 
Then, under Lady Octavia’s surprised gaze, he handed her the box, "Mom, you should open it and see. Joanna took a long time to pick this one." 
Lady Octavia lowered her eyes to the box in front of her, pursed her lips, and furrowed her eyebrows. 
She didn’t immediately take it. 
She said with a faint voice, "Leave it there, I’ll open it later." 
Ashton gave a faint smile, still holding out the box to her, "Grandma has already opened hers, so you should open it now. Joanna has been worried that you might not like the gift she chose. Open it now and let her know what you think to set her mind at ease." 
Lady Octavia’s lips tightened even more, and a hint of anger flashed in her eyes. 
"Octavia." Madam Heath put the silk scarf back into the box and asked a servant to take it to her room to put away. 
She then turned her head to see Lady Octavia still stiff and unmoving, frowned, and said with dissatisfaction, "It’s right in front of you, and you won’t take it? How much longer do you want Ashton to hold it? Just open it and see, it’s not that much trouble." 
Lady Octavia didn’t want to take it. 
She didn’t want to open it either. 
A silk scarf worth tens of thousands of dollars was simply not worth her attention. 
Besides, the scarf was a gift from someone she didn’t like.
She had even less desire to open it. 
But since Madam Heath had spoken, she had never dared to disobey her. 
Obedience to Madam Heath had become a habit deep in her bones. 
Though unwilling, she still reached out, took the box, and opened it in front of everyone.
###Chapter 623: Chapter 623: I Was Just Joking Earlier
As she had guessed, the box contained a silk scarf. 
She picked it up, took a look, then put it back in the box and said with a faint smile, "Hmm, it’s nice. I like it." 
In front of so many people, she couldn’t possibly say she didn’t like it. 
But in her heart, she thought she would never wear this scarf. 
Ashton Heath went back to Joanna Lawrence’s side, put his arm around her, and said to her in a low voice, "I told you, Grandma and Mom would surely like it. Are you relieved now?" 
Joanna Lawrence was not blind. 
She could see that Lady Octavia didn’t like it. 
Even saying she liked it was a struggle, not even making an effort to keep up appearances. 
But in this situation, what else could she say? 
"Is that so?" She also gave some polite response, pursed her lips with a smile, and then said, "As long as Mom and Grandma like it, that’s good enough." 
"How come, there are gifts for Grandma and Mom, but there’s no gift for me?" From the side, the silent Brandon Heath sensed something, and his cold gaze fell on Lady Octavia as he joked after looking at her for a few seconds. 
"Huh?" 
Joanna Lawrence actually took his words seriously, turned her head to look at him, and said somewhat embarrassedly: "I’m sorry, Br...Brandon...I didn’t know you were home. Next time, can I make it up to you?" 
Her calling Brandon this "big brother" was a bit awkward. 
She wasn’t used to it yet. 
Especially in front of Ashton Heath, she was even more nervous. 
This was Brandon Heath! 
That once TV-exclusive news figure. 
A true National Pillar. 
Brandon was just joking to ease the atmosphere, but when he saw that she actually took it seriously, he couldn’t help but laugh: "Joanna, don’t be nervous, I was just joking. Speaking of it, this is the first time I’ve met you, and I haven’t prepared any gift either." 
"I’ll make it up to you next time." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Uh, well...thanks, Brandon." 
Joanna Lawrence found that when Brandon smiles, he doesn’t look as serious. 
Moreover, his temper seemed quite good. 
He didn’t seem like a difficult person to get along with. 
As she faced him, she gradually became less nervous. 
"It’s getting late, let’s eat." Madam Heath got up, smiling and beckoning Joanna Lawrence over, "Come here, Joanna, sit next to Grandma later." 
Madam Heath naturally realized that Lady Octavia didn’t like Joanna Lawrence. 
She had just reluctantly received that gift. 
It was a bit too obvious. 
If she could see it, how could Joanna Lawrence not notice? 
Madam Heath truly liked her and didn’t want her to be wronged. 
Seeing that Lady Octavia had wronged Joanna Lawrence, she wanted to show this child more love. 
Joanna Lawrence saw that Madam Heath was calling her and immediately let go of Ashton Heath’s hand and went to Madam Heath. 
She affectionately wrapped her arm around Madam Heath’s arm and sweetly said, "Alright, Grandma, I want to sit next to you and chat more." 
"Such a good girl." Madam Heath couldn’t stop smiling, "Don’t leave tonight, stay and rest at home. Grandma has so much more to talk to you about." 
"This..." 
Joanna Lawrence turned to look at Ashton Heath, seeking his opinion with her eyes. 
Ashton Heath nodded at her: "Since Grandma wants us to stay, let’s leave tomorrow." 
Madam Heath was even happier, holding Joanna Lawrence’s hand and laughing: "Then after dinner, will you accompany Grandma for a walk?" 
"Of course." 
Whatever Madam Heath said, Joanna Lawrence obediently nodded her head.
###Chapter 624: Chapter 624: Octavia, what exactly are you talking about?
Her appearance was already the sweet and well-behaved type, looking soft and cute, the kind of look that would win an elder’s heart. 
Now that she was in front of Madam Heath, she acted extra well-behaved, making Madam Heath like her even more. 
They arrived at the dining room. 
Before, it was Ashton Heath who used to sit beside Madam Heath, but now, it was Joanna Lawrence. 
Every time Joanna fancied a dish, Madam Heath would ask the servants to place the plate in front of her for her convenience. 
During the meal, Joanna simply mentioned that a dessert she tried last time at Heath Villa was delicious, and Madam Heath immediately ordered the kitchen to make her a portion. 
In short, Madam Heath’s favoritism towards her was so blatant, even her own grandchildren got sidelined. 
Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath didn’t seem to mind this. 
Since there were only boys in the family, it was normal for Madam Heath to dote on a new girl in the house. 
Everyone in the Heath family knew that Madam Heath had always longed for a granddaughter, but every time a child was born, it was a son. 
Madam Heath had two sons in total. 
Ashton Heath had a male cousin as well. 
So, including both of the brothers, Madam Heath had three grandsons. 
But she had no granddaughters. 
Joanna’s appearance and temperament both matched Madam Heath’s previous expectations for a future granddaughter, so she treated her daughter-in-law as beloved as she would treat a biological granddaughter. 
Ashton Heath was pleased to see his wife being doted upon. 
At the dining table, the only one who felt uncomfortable was Lady Octavia. 
Thinking about the phone call she received from Rebecca Kelloway this afternoon, her face darkened, and she suddenly threw her knife and fork into the plate with a loud "clank." 
In wealthy families, etiquette was highly valued. 
Not making unnecessary noise while eating was one of the most basic protocols. 
As Lady Octavia was born and raised in a noble family, she had known this since she was a child. 
So when she tossed her knife and fork, all the conversations at the table stopped at once. 
Everyone looked towards her.
Madam Heath furrowed her brows: "Octavia, what are you doing?" 
"Mom." Lady Octavia picked up the napkin and elegantly wiped the corners of her lips. After wiping, she threw the napkin on the table, her sharp gaze fell on Joanna, and her tone was a little cold, "I just remembered something, and I think it’s necessary to bring it up." 
"If there’s anything, you can talk about it after dinner." Madam Heath was dissatisfied with her previous actions, her tone wasn’t friendly either, "Do you have to say it during dinner?" 
Usually, Lady Octavia would be too afraid to say anything when she saw Madam Heath like this. 
However, after thinking about what Rebecca Kelloway had said, she summoned her courage and, for once, was unusually assertive, her tone cold, "Everyone is here, this is the right time to say it. I apologize for interrupting your dinner, Mom, but the matter I am about to bring up is very important." 
Feeling Lady Octavia’s gaze on her, Joanna immediately sensed something was wrong. 
As she looked up, she saw contempt and anger in Lady Octavia’s eyes, and she couldn’t help but have a bad premonition. 
She had a feeling that the issue Lady Octavia was about to bring up had something to do with her. 
No sooner had she thought this than Lady Octavia coldly spoke, "Joanna, have you been keeping something from us, something that you haven’t been honest about?" 
Juanna put down the juice she had just picked up. 
She looked up at Lady Octavia, her tone still polite and well-mannered, "Mom, what are you talking about?" 
Madam Heath also put down her fork: "Octavia, what on earth are you talking about?"
###Chapter 625: Chapter 625: Always Remember Your Identity
Lady Octavia looked at Joanna Lawrence’s calm demeanor, and couldn’t help but sneer: "The Heath family is not a stickler for tradition. It is true that prestigious families have always insisted on marriages matching in social and economic status. I also hope that my two sons can find daughters-in-law who match the Heath family’s status, but rules are rigid while people are flexible. If they genuinely fall in love with a girl from a humble background with a clean record and no messy issues, I can accept it." 
"Sometimes, one’s character and morals are more important than family background." 
"My thoughts are quite open-minded, right? I haven’t said that the Lawrence family and the Heath family are incompatible, nor have I tried to separate you and Ashton, right? But just because I don’t have many requirements, it doesn’t mean that I have no requirements at all." 
At this point, Lady Octavia’s face darkened, and her eyes sharpened: "Since you have married my son and have become the young lady of the Heath family, you should be clear about your identity and know your place and follow the rules. Always remember who you are and don’t do anything that will damage the reputation of the Heath family." 
Lady Octavia’s words were quite humiliating. 
She didn’t even maintain a superficial politeness. 
The faces of the others at the table changed slightly. 
Joanna was taken aback. Looking into Lady Octavia’s sharp eyes, she was stunned for a few seconds and guessed what the matter might be: "Mom, I’m not sure what you are referring to ..." 
Lady Octavia’s face grew darker as she stared at Joanna, still pretending to be confused: "What’s going on with your ex-fiance? You’re already with Ashton, yet you’re still entwined with him. Joanna Lawrence, what kind of family do you think the Heaths are?" 
Madam Heath turned her head and gave Joanna a glance. Her eyebrows slightly furrowed, but her tone remained gentle: "Joanna, what did Octavia just mean by those words?" 
"What else could it be?" Lady Octavia said coldly, "It has become a scandal in the news, for so many people to see. Did she consider the Heath family and my son’s feelings? Mom, you told me that with Ashton’s circumstances, it was already very good for him to find a wife, even if her family background was not as good. I thought about it and agreed. As long as Ashton is happy, why should I demand more? Nowadays, the Heath family is not lacking anything, and there is no need for a powerful marriage alliance." 
"But ..." Lady Octavia’s knife-like gaze continued to stare at Joanna, "I may not require a daughter-in-law from an illustrious family, but I absolutely cannot tolerate one with a poor character." 
After Lady Octavia’s outburst, dinner was impossible to continue. 
"Joanna, what is going on here?" 
Madam Heath’s gaze on Joanna remained gentle and kind. 
Obviously, she didn’t believe Lady Octavia’s words. 
She had lived for most of her life and seen all kinds of people. 
She trusted her judgment. 
Her granddaughter-in-law was clearly a clever, well-behaved child and could never entangle herself with an ex. 
There must be some misunderstanding in all this. 
She couldn’t have misjudged someone. 
Her grandson was also intelligent and sensible, and wouldn’t just pick any girl to marry. 
"Grandma, there’s been a misunderstanding." 
Joanna didn’t show any signs of panic on her face, as she looked into Lady Octavia’s cold and disgusted eyes, and replied in a neither humble nor arrogant tone: "The truth is not as Mom described it. Someone is maliciously spreading rumors."
###Chapter 626: Chapter 626: She Wasn’t Brought Back to Be Wronged
"Spreading rumors?" Lady Octavia did not believe it at all, her eyes fierce, "People have already taken photos of you together, and you still say it’s a rumor?" 
"Mom, it’s not like that, I..." 
Joanna was about to explain when she heard a deep, cold voice beside her: "This matter has been clarified, what else is there to ask? I know what kind of person my daughter-in-law is. Mom, next time you hear any rumors, you can ask me first, your harshness towards Joanna scares her." 
"I brought her back to let her feel the warmth of the family, not to be wronged." 
After saying that, he reached under the table, Pinching Joanna’s hand lightly and then wrapping her small hand up bit by bit. 
With his practical actions, he showed his absolute trust and protection for her. 
Watching all this, Lady Octavia’s face became ugly, and she was so angry that her face turned pale: "What rumors? If she says it’s a rumor, then it’s a rumor? Ashton, don’t trust her too much. You think I am making unreasonable trouble. Would I say such things without concrete evidence?" 
"You don’t believe your mother, but you believe an outsider?" 
Lady Octavia was extremely furious. 
Her own son would rather believe the words of an outsider than trust her. 
In a critical moment, he chose that woman, making no face for his own birth mother. 
Putting her in an embarrassing situation. 
She was extremely angry, her reason being consumed by her rage, and she inadvertently let out words that had been buried in her heart. 
As soon as Lady Octavia said these words, Madam Heath’s face changed instantly. 
Ashton’s eyes sank, and his face looked the same as usual, but his eyes revealed a touch of coldness. 
Brandon also frowned, somewhat surprised that Lady Octavia would say such words. 
In his eyes, Lady Octavia had always been an elegant, gentle, and well-read good mother, who received excellent education and was well-rounded since childhood, and would never say such hurtful and disrespectful words. 
Only a sharp-tongued and unkind mother-in-law would say such things.
Calling her daughter-in-law an outsider, wasn’t that just too hurtful? 
"Octavia, what you did today is so disappointing! Is this what you should say as a mother-in-law? Joanna is already married to Ashton, she is a part of the Heath family, she is family, and you can actually say such things like an outsider." 
After Lady Octavia impulsively said these words, she also realized that she said things she shouldn’t have said. 
But she had to keep her dignity. 
She couldn’t take back the words that she had already said. 
And she certainly couldn’t apologize or admit her mistakes to her daughter-in-law. 
Moreover, she felt that she had not done anything wrong, 
How could she treat a daughter-in-law with such a character as family? 
Having said that, Lady Octavia had nothing else to worry about, so she stubbornly insisted: "Mom, when she did that, did she ever think that she is the Heath family’s daughter-in-law? What’s wrong with me not treating her as family? I really can’t accept such a daughter-in-law." 
"Enough!" Madam Heath slapped the table, her face sinking with anger, "Ashton has already said that those are rumors, Joanna is his daughter-in-law. If that matter were true, do you think he could stand it?" 
"Isn’t he more understanding about his own daughter-in-law than you, the mother?" 
"You don’t need to believe those rumors as if they were true. And then use the rumors to stir up unrest in this house. A fine meal has been ruined by your meddling."
###Chapter 627: Chapter 627: You’re the family, I’m the outsider.
"Are you just trying to stir up trouble, not satisfied until something happens?" 
"Grandma, don’t get angry." Brandon, afraid that Madam Heath would get upset and harm her health, immediately got up and walked to her side, gently patting her on the back. "Since this matter was a misunderstanding, it’s fine as long as it’s cleared up." 
"Mom." After comforting Madam Heath, Brandon looked up at Lady Octavia, his eyebrows slightly furrowed. "You must have misunderstood Joanna. I trust her character. Let’s put this matter to rest, and don’t mention it again. Since Joanna has married into the Heath family, she is a part of our family. Don’t use the word ’outsider’ anymore." 
Being in a position of authority for a long time, Brandon had taken an important position in the defense department of Australand at a young age. When he spoke seriously, even Lady Octavia was somewhat intimidated by her eldest son. 
But she didn’t want to lose face in front of so many people. 
As a mother-in-law, what was wrong with her asking a few questions when she saw her daughter-in-law flirting with her ex on the streets? 
Was she not supposed to ask? 
Why did her daughter-in-law play the victim? 
Who was she putting on a show for? 
Trying to sow discord between her and her son? 
Lady Octavia had long believed that Joanna was a scheming woman who manipulated her son and got him to marry her without consulting- 
She was very unhappy about this. 
If it weren’t for Madam Heath, she would never have accepted this daughter-in-law so easily. 
Nor would she have allowed such a scheming woman to enter the Heath family. 
Since she had already recognized Joanna as a scheming, wicked woman, everything Joanna did appeared deliberate in her eyes. 
It was all a manifestation of deep schemes. 
It was as the saying goes: When you don’t like someone, everything they do is wrong. 
Especially now, seeing her two sons and Madam Heath standing on Joanna’s side, her disgust for Joanna deepened even more. 
This woman had barely married into the Heath family and had already caused discord in the household. 
In the future, who knew what methods she would use to make this family even more restless. 
"Fine, fine, fine." Lady Octavia, feeling angry and abandoned even by her own son, stood up and said with a mix of grievance and fury, "It’s my fault, I misunderstood her. I wrongly accused her and hurt her feelings. She is completely innocent, she didn’t do anything wrong." 
"I am the evil mother-in-law, bullying my own daughter-in-law." 
"I was wrong just now; you are the family, and I am the outsider." 
After venting the last sentence in a low growl, Lady Octavia left the dining room with red-rimmed eyes. 
"Really no manners, absolutely no manners! This is just not how an elder should behave! She’s been spoiled by your father, she just can’t handle any pampering!" Madam Heath’s anger, which had just subsided, flared up again as Lady Octavia left the dining room. 
She was so angry that even her breathing became unsteady. 
"Madam Heath, please calm down and don’t let your anger affect your health." Tedd, seeing Madam Heath gasping for breath, hurriedly fetched her daily medicine, and a maid quickly brought a cup of warm water. 
Although Madam Heath was old and carefully maintained her health every day, she inevitably had some minor ailments.
###Chapter 628: Chapter 628: Increasingly Impressed
She took medication daily. 
Tedd was afraid that her anger would raise her blood pressure and cause problems, so he immediately handed her the medicine and water: "Madam Heath, please take your medicine." 
Madam Heath was still furious and kept hitting the table: "I won’t take the medicine. I don’t need any medicine. If I get sick from anger today, I’ll just call Darren home and let him see what kind of person he’s spoiled his wife into."
Tedd knew that when Madam Heath was stubborn, she was just like a child and needed to be coaxed patiently. 
He thought about it and handed the medicine to Joanna Lawrence, smiling: "Ms. Joanna, please coax Madam Heath to take her medicine. She likes you the most, and she will definitely listen to you." 
Joanna was also afraid that Madam Heath would get sick from anger. 
Especially since Madam Heath’s anger was caused by defending her. 
If she felt guilty and remorseful for that, she would definitely feel terrible. 
"Grandma, will you please take your medicine? Otherwise, we’ll worry about you." Joanna took the water and medicine, speaking softly, "I think... Mom may have misunderstood me a bit. It’s my fault for not explaining things clearly, which led to these misunderstandings." 
"If you get sick because of this, I’ll feel very sad and guilty." 
Madam Heath’s anger subsided as soon as she heard Joanna’s soft and gentle voice. 
Looking at her well-behaved and understanding granddaughter-in-law, Madam Heath felt even more that Joanna was lovable. 
As her sweet granddaughter-in-law coaxed her into taking her medicine, how could she refuse? 
She immediately took the water and medicine and swallowed the pill. 
Tedd sighed in relief as he watched from the side. 
At the same time, he couldn’t help but admire this second young mistress even more. 
Although Madam Heath appeared to be good-natured, the people of Heath Villa knew that she could be stubborn and headstrong when she wanted to be. 
Not many people could persuade her when she dug her heels in. 
But Ms. Joanna, with just a few words, easily got her to listen. 
This skill was not something ordinary people could possess. 
This showed that Madam Heath was very pleased with her granddaughter-in-law and liked her a lot. 
Even they could tell. Surely, their wife could see it too, right? 
But why did their wife insist on causing trouble and making everyone unhappy? 
Since Ms. Joanna had married into the Heath family, received Madam Heath’s approval, and was deeply loved by Mr. Ashton, the wife should have been smart enough to slowly accept and even like her. 
A harmonious family was the key to prosperity. 
What was the point of her opposing someone everyone else had accepted? 
She couldn’t possibly want Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna to get a divorce, could she? 
Not to mention anything else, Mr. Ashton was not a spineless or blindly filial person. 
Unless he no longer liked Ms. Joanna, there was no way he would divorce her because of others’ opinions. 
"Ms. Joanna is truly amazing," Tedd, a wise man, became more respectful and polite towards Joanna as he realized her status in the Heath family. "Madam Heath is willing to listen to you. If any of us tried to persuade her, we wouldn’t stand a chance." 
"It’s because Grandma loves me." Joanna gently shook Madam Heath’s arm and spoke softly. 
As Madam Heath treated her so well, Joanna, who was not an ungrateful person, naturally grew closer to her.
###Chapter 629: Chapter 629: This is a Sign of True Feelings
"Our little Joanna is so sweet, so loveable, who else should Grandma love if not her?" After Madam Heath had taken her medicine, Joanna comforted her, her mood settled considerably. She gently patted Joanna’s hand and said, "Don’t take to heart what your mother-in-law said earlier. To me, you’re like my own granddaughter. She must have heard some rumors somewhere and foolishly believed them, that’s why she said such outrageous things." 
"When her mind clears, she will realize her mistake." 
"Don’t worry, grandma." Joanna nodded and laughed, "I know all that, I won’t take it too seriously." 
"That’s good," Madam Heath said contentedly, "Family should always stay harmonious. Strife is never the answer." 
"Grandma..." 
Looking at the Madam Heath’s kind and loving demeanor and the way she spoke tenderly with her, a lump formed in Joanna’s throat and she couldn’t help her eyes from welling with tears. 
She remembered her own grandmother. 
In her memories, her grandmother always spoke to her in the same gentle way. 
"Oh dear, why are your eyes looking red? Are you upset?" Seeing Joanna’s teary eyes, the old lady felt heartbroken, she comforted her in a soothing voice, "Good girl, don’t cry. Grandma knows you’ve been wronged. Don’t worry, Grandma will get justice for you." 
The old lady’s comforting words made Joanna’s eyes grow even redder and her nose sting even more. 
Sob, sob, sob. 
How did she ever do to deserve the old lady’s favor? 
To have the old lady treat her so kindly and lovingly... 
Seeing her eyes red with tears, Ashton Heath frowned, thinking she was crying because she felt wronged. 
He immediately reached out to wipe away the tears at the corner of her eyes, coaxing her in a soft voice: "Feeling wronged? I’ll help you get justice, okay? Don’t cry, it upsets me too when you do." 
"I, I’m not crying because I feel wronged." 
Joanna sobbed uncontrollably. Ashton had just wiped away her tears with his sleeve, and more tears fell. 
In no time at all, the cuff of his silver-gray shirt was soaked with her tears. 
He didn’t seem to mind the wet spot on his shirt, continued comforting Joanna, "If it’s not because you felt wronged, why are you crying then? You can tell us, Grandma and I will take care of it for you." 
Tedd watched from the sidelines, a little dumbfounded. 
While he knew that Mr. Ashton adored Ms. Joanna, seeing this scene still surprised him a bit. 
Mr. Ashton had quite serious issues with cleanliness. 
But the fact that Ms. Joanna soiled his sleeve didn’t seem to bother him at all. 
As if he didn’t care about cleanliness at all when it came to her. 
He once again understood deeply that Ms. Joanna was much more important to Mr. Ashton than he had imagined. 
And the way Mr. Ashton looked at her... 
Gentle and doting... 
This was a sign that feelings were involved. 
There were few men who wouldn’t appreciate a beauty like Ms. Joanna. 
But this was Mr. Ashton! 
With the Heath family’s background, what kind of beauty hadn’t Mr. Ashton seen growing up? 
Ms. Joanna from the Kelloway family, wasn’t she also very pretty? 
She even grew up with Mr. Ashton as childhood friends. 
Yet he never showed affection for her. 
"Yes, my dear, why are you crying? Tell grandma, grandma will stand up for you." Madam Heath saw Joanna crying, her eyes red and swollen, looking like a rabbit’s eyes. It broke her heart.
###Chapter 630: Chapter 630: I Won’t Let You Feel Lonely and Isolated Again
"I don’t feel wronged." Joanna choked back her tears, raised her head, and looked at the man beside her wiping away her tears, then at the concerned face of the old lady. A warm stream filled her heart, and it felt warm. 
She said emotionally, "I just feel so happy. Grandma, you treat me so well, just like my real grandmother. I just thought of my maternal grandmother, so I couldn’t help crying." 
After the first time Ashton Heath brought Joanna back to Heath Villa, Madam Heath had someone investigate her background. 
Even though she believed in her grandson’s judgment, marriage is a serious matter, so she had to make sure Joanna was a decent person. 
Of course, she also found out that Joanna’s maternal grandmother had passed away a long time ago. 
Her mother had also passed away early on. 
Seeing the young girl with tears in her eyes, thinking of her own grandmother, Madam Heath felt even more affection and pity for her. 
Madam Heath touched her head and softly coaxed her: "Good child, so you were thinking about your grandmother. Don’t cry. She must be doing well now, enjoying her time in heaven. From now on, you have Grandma to love you." 
Ashton didn’t expect that she was crying for this reason. 
He also remembered that both Joanna’s maternal grandmother and mother had passed away. Thinking of his little wife’s hardships over the years, he couldn’t help but hold her tightly in his arms, comforting her like a child: "Baby, don’t cry. Although your grandmother has left you, there are still others who love you." 
"From now on, you will always be this happy." 
"I will always be by your side, never letting you feel lonely or sad again." 
Madam Heath saw the young couple so in love and smiled contentedly. 
At the dinner table... 
Brandon Heath, who was completely absorbed in his work and still single, witnessed the heartwarming scene between his younger brother and sister and felt a bit uncomfortable. 
He couldn’t pinpoint exactly what was off. 
He just felt it was a bit unpleasant to the eye. 
His brother, Ashton, used to be a very different person. 
No matter how beautiful a woman was, he wouldn’t spare her another glance.
Not to mention publicly displaying such affection. 
But now... 
Hearing his brother’s gentle words to Joanna, Brandon felt very unaccustomed, extremely unaccustomed. 
If he hadn’t seen and heard it with his own eyes and ears, he wouldn’t have believed that his brother, who had never been interested in women, would now treat his wife so lovingly and tenderly. 
Is the power of love really that strong? 
It can change a person so much. 
He didn’t want to fall in love or experience the taste of love because he felt it was troublesome. 
And pointless. 
He wouldn’t waste time on things he considered meaningless. 
"Brandon, are you feeling envious?" 
Lost in his thoughts, Brandon suddenly heard Madam Heath mention him. So, he snapped back to reality and looked up at her.voice: "Grandma." 
Madam Heath looked at her outstanding and perfect grandson and felt a bit worried when thinking about how he was still single: "If you’re envious of your brother, you should also find a good and gentle wife for Grandma soon." 
"As long as you two settle your lifelong affairs, Grandma will have nothing to worry about." 
Brandon: "..." 
He said with a headache, "Grandma, I have something to do, I’m going to the study for a while." 
Every time he returned, Madam Heath would bring up the topic of marriage. 
Brandon was extremely annoyed and helpless about that matter.
###Chapter 631: Chapter 631: He Doesn’t Want to Settle for Less
The person urging him to marry was his grandmother, Madam Heath. He couldn’t outright defy her. 
"Do you think avoiding the issue will solve the problem?" Madam Heath’s dissatisfaction escalated, her temper flaring as she huffed, "Every time I bring this up, you find an excuse to leave. I know you’re tired of me, this old woman, and don’t want to listen to my nagging. Then why don’t you make me proud, find me a granddaughter-in-law soon? Once you find one, I promise I won’t bother you anymore."
Brandon Heath: "..." 
Madam Heath had finally calmed down, he didn’t want to upset her again. 
With a helpless smile, in a gentle tone, he said, "Grandma, finding a wife isn’t as simple as buying vegetables in the market, you can’t just pick and buy. And a wife isn’t something that, if I decide to find, I can find right away." 
"I promise you, Grandma, if I find a woman I like, I’ll definitely bring her home for you to see, okay?" 
While Brandon Heath wasn’t keen on finding a woman to date, he had never planned to stay single forever. 
He wasn’t a supporter of staying single for life. 
He believed that if marriage meant spending the rest of your life with someone, then that someone couldn’t be a person he didn’t like. 
Life was too long to settle for less. 
Even if he didn’t marry for love, his wife would have to be a woman he had some affection for. 
Not just a woman he didn’t dislike. 
Madam Heath no longer believed in his perfunctory words. 
She’d been urging him for so many years, how many times had her grandson placated her with the same words? 
But had he ever brought a girl home? 
No, not even once. 
By contrast, Ashton, her other grandson, had never made any promises to her, she had no expectations of him, yet he had unexpectedly brought her a granddaughter-in-law. 
"Enough, enough." Madam Heath understood, her two grandsons were people with firm opinions, she couldn’t force them into marriage. 
They were good at yielding to her in small matters. 
But for big matters, they made their own decisions. 
Instead of urging them to marry, she was more of a reminder to them. 
She just hoped that her elder grandson wouldn’t put all his energy into work, and would consider finding a partner. 
She was afraid he would completely forget about it. 
"Whatever I’ve said, you may not take it to heart. I just hope in my lifetime to see you get married, have kids, then I will have no regrets. I’m full and a little stuffed, Joanna, can you accompany me for a walk in the garden?" 
When Madam Heath stood up, Joanna Lawrence immediately took her arm, supporting her as she slowly got up, "Sure, I’m also full and want to take a walk, I’ll accompany Grandma." 
"Such a good girl." 
Madam Heath patted her hand affectionately, turned her head with a smile, and teased her younger grandson, "Ashton, you and your wife are stuck to each other every day, surely you wouldn’t mind sparing her for a couple of hours? Will you loan your wife to Grandma for a while?" 
Ashton Heath curled his lips, "Of course, no problem." 
"Then we’ll leave you now. Joanna, let’s go. Grandma will show you the view in the garden, let me tell you..." 
Madam Heath, holding Joanna Lawrence’s hand affectionately, while Joanna also took her arm affectionately, the pair, young and old, went for a pleasant stroll in the garden. 
* 
After they left. 
The Heath brothers, Brandon, and Ashton also left the dining room.
###Chapter 632: Chapter 632: I Quite Like This Unexpected Turn
It had been a while since they had last seen each other. Brandon Heath looked at his younger brother, who already had his own family and had become someone else’s husband, and said with a bit of emotion, "I never thought that you would get married before me."
"I didn’t expect it either." Ashton Heath laughed, "This never crossed my mind. But, I quite like this surprise." 
Brandon raised an eyebrow, removed his glasses, and revealed a pair of deep and cold eyes: "Joanna is a nice girl; treat her well." 
"She’s my wife, of course, I’ll treat her well." When Ashton spoke of Joanna Lawrence, his eyes and brows softened considerably. 
The aura he emitted was no longer cold and distant as usual. 
Brandon naturally sensed the change in his younger brother’s demeanor, hooking the corner of his lips and looking at him with deep meaning, "I heard you two had a flash marriage?" 
"Yeah." 
"At first, I thought that you two got married because of some reason, without any emotional involvement. It seems I was wrong." 
As his younger brother, Ashton was well-known to Brandon. 
Whether he liked her or not, Brandon could clearly see it in his eyes. 
Ashton hooked his lips, and his cold face softened slightly, "Yeah, we got together due to a certain reason. I didn’t expect things to develop to this point either." 
"Perhaps, this is what they call fate." 
He never believed in these things before. 
All those words about the arrangements of fate were nothing more than feudal superstitions. 
But now, he was willing to believe in fate. 
Joanna was his destined one. 
Hearing the words "fate" from Ashton’s mouth, Brandon was taken aback, showing a somewhat astonished expression. 
He paused for a few seconds, then joked, "Now you believe in these things?" 
"I don’t believe in feudal superstitions." Ashton’s eyes were half-closed, as the delicate face of the young girl floated into his mind. A tender look appeared in his eyes, and he said softly, "I just believe that she must be the one God arranged for me." 
Brandon found it funny, "Isn’t that still a feudal superstition?" 
"Brandon, when you find someone you like, you’ll understand this feeling." Ashton didn’t explain further, patting Brandon’s shoulder meaningfully. 
Brandon: "..." 
Why did he feel like he was being mocked? 
Was his brother mocking him for being single, so that’s why he didn’t understand? 
"Ashton, let’s talk about something serious." Brandon glanced up at the second floor, his brows furrowing slightly, "At Mom’s side, you should go and persuade her. Tonight, no one’s helping her, so she’ll definitely be even more unhappy with Joanna. If you really care for Joanna, it’s better not to anger her too much." 
"By defending Joanna, you’ll only make the relationship between her and Mom even worse." 
"If there’s a misunderstanding, just clear it up. It’s better for family members not to hold grudges overnight." 
Ashton was silent for a while before nodding his head, "I know." 
He knew that Brandon wasn’t taking sides with anyone. 
His elder brother wasn’t a foolishly filial person. 
"It’s good that you know." Brandon also patted his shoulder, "I have something to do, so I’ll go to the study first. You should have a good talk with Mom. She’s a reasonable person if you speak to her properly." 
* 
On the second floor, inside a bedroom.
###Chapter 633: Chapter 633: When the time comes, I won’t be polite!
Lady Octavia was crying and sniffling as she spoke on the phone with Rebecca Kelloway, "Rebecca, you’re right, that woman is so calculating. Madam Heath really likes her, loves her like her own granddaughter. She doesn’t let anyone say anything against her." 
"Now that Madam Heath is protecting her, she doesn’t even respect me as her mother-in-law." 
"I suppose in time, I won’t have any status in this home. My daughter-in-law will completely disrespect me." 
Whatever was said on the other side of the phone made Lady Octavia’s face darker, and her tears flowed more heavily. 
"Now they all don’t believe me and think I’m causing a fuss for no reason. Ashton is completely smitten with her, always speaking on her behalf, and never doubting her. It turns out that women from small households are really cunning, their minds full of shrewd schemes, and top-notch strategies. Ashton is good at his work, and it’s difficult to find anyone better than him among his peers, but he’s too inexperienced in romantic matters and has been deceived by that cunning woman." 
"How did my outstanding son get fooled by such a woman?" 
"Oh, Rebecca, if only you were my daughter-in-law, Lady Octavia would be over the moon." Lady Octavia spoke as she wiped away her tears. 
From the phone came a gentle and soft voice, "Lady Octavia, please don’t cry anymore. What would you do if you became sick as a result of your crying? It’s not as if I alone could make this decision. Of course... I really want to be Lady Octavia’s daughter-in-law too, but... Ashton does not think of me that way. What else can I do besides wishing him well?" 
"Actually, Joanna must have some strengths, right? Otherwise, Ashton wouldn’t be so fond of her. If Lady Octavia tries to accept her, perhaps she’ll find that she is not as bad as you think."
"I can never accept her!" 
Instead of comforting Lady Octavia, Rebecca’s words only infuriated her more. She scoffed coldly, "What strengths could she have? She only bewitches my son with her face. Her background is bad enough, but she also attended that Film and Television Academy. Is she all set to become an actress?" 
"If she were to become an actress, wouldn’t it disgrace the Heath family? How could the Heath family’s young lady be an actress?" 
"But Lady Octavia..." There was a pause on the other end of the line, as if there was some hidden secret. 
"What is it, Rebecca? What do you want to say?" 
"I don’t know if I should say this, but Lady Octavia, you’re so against her acting. What if she insists on continuing to work in the entertainment industry? As far as I know, she has acted in a few dramas before, but only as a background character. Now that she has Ashton’s support, he could invest and let her play Female Lead 1 with just one word. I’m afraid... she won’t be able to resist such a temptation." 
Lady Octavia’s face darkened, and coldly said, "I absolutely cannot accept that. The entertainment industry is such a dirty place. If she became an actress, who knows how people would laugh at the Heath family. If Ashton indulges her in such behavior, I won’t be polite then!" 
"Lady Octavia, please don’t be angry. I’m only guessing. She must think it’s beneath her to be an actress now that she has married Ashton and become the young lady of the Heath family. Moreover, she should know that doing so would disgrace the Heath family and she won’t do something without considering your feelings, right?"
###Chapter 634: Chapter 634: Letting go is good for everyone
"Ah, Rebecca." Lady Octavia sighed, her tone full of regret, "If you were my daughter-in-law, everything would be so much better. I wouldn’t have to worry about all these things. You’re so wonderful, so exceptional, why doesn’t Ashton just..." 
"Lady Octavia, feelings can’t be forced. I’m very happy that you like me so much, but..." Rebecca’s voice gradually lowered, and her tone became desolate.
Upon hearing Rebecca’s words, Lady Octavia panicked, thinking that she was giving up: "Rebecca, you, you don’t want to like Ashton anymore? Are you planning to give up?" 
Rebecca was silent for a while before speaking in a dejected tone: "Lady Octavia, it’s not that I want to give up, but I have no choice. I’ve been thinking a lot lately. Ashton is married now, and he’s happy. I shouldn’t hold any hopes for him anymore. It’s best for everyone if I let go." 
"No, Rebecca..." Lady Octavia was somewhat flustered, "You can’t give up. Didn’t I say I would think of a solution for you?" 
"You’ve liked Ashton for so many years. Are you genuinely willing to back away like this? Are you content?" 
"Listen to me, it’s not like there’s no way out. As long as you’re willing, I will definitely help you find a solution, and make sure you and Ashton end up together." 
"But, Lady Octavia..." 
"You just need to answer one question for me. Do you still like Ashton, and do you want to be with him?" 
"This..." Rebecca hesitated for a moment before replying, "Of course I like him and want to be with him. Lady Octavia, I’ve liked him since I was little, dreaming of the day when I could marry him and become his wife. It’s just..." 
"That’s right!" Lady Octavia interrupted her, "You’re the child I’ve been watching grow up, and I just want you to be my daughter-in-law. So don’t worry about anything, I’ll find a way for you and Ashton to be together." 
"I will never let Joanna be my daughter-in-law." 
"She’s not worthy of my son." 
* 
Outside the door. 
Ashton Heath knocked on the door. Lady Octavia, who was still on the phone with Rebecca, hesitated a bit, then moved the phone a little away: "Who is it?" 
"Mom, it’s me. Let’s talk." 
Upon hearing his voice, Lady Octavia’s face changed slightly, and she said to the phone: "Ashton’s here; I have to hang up now." 
After hanging up, Lady Octavia walked to the door and opened it. 
"Mom." Ashton looked at her, his expression dull as he called out. 
Lady Octavia stared at him, her face still angry: "What do you want?" 
"I want to talk to you about something." Ashton paused for a few seconds before adding, "It’s about Joanna." 
Just hearing Joanna’s name made Lady Octavia angry, her face darkened even more: "What’s there to talk about? Wasn’t it all a misunderstanding—and me, wrongly accusing her? What, do you want me to apologize to her now?" 
Ashton pressed his lips together, remaining silent for a few seconds. He rubbed his brow: "No." 
"Then what do you want to say?" 
"Mom, can I come in first? Do we have to talk like this at the door?" 
Lady Octavia looked at him coldly for a moment before stepping aside. 
After entering, Ashton found a random place to sit down. 
"If you’re here to praise your wife, you don’t need to bother; I don’t want to hear it." Lady Octavia walked in as well and picked a spot to sit.
###Chapter 635: Chapter 635: She is my wife, the woman I love
"I didn’t intend to speak up for her." Ashton Heath calmly looked at her and said, "In my heart, she is already good enough, whether others agree or not is not under my control." 
"Mom, I just want to tell you that you really misunderstood her." Normally, Ashton wouldn’t bother to explain. 
But he heard what Brandon Heath just said. 
He himself can ignore other people’s opinions. 
But what about Joanna? 
He didn’t want people to misunderstand her. 
She was so nice, and he really hoped that everyone could like her. 
Especially his family. 
"The news online isn’t true; someone is deliberately trying to ruin her. I’ve already had someone investigate it. She did meet David Benington today, but it was a coincidence. He’s been bothering her, and she’s been rejecting him." 
"Since you are concerned about this, you must have seen the clarification blog post by Sean Parker." 
Of course, Lady Octavia had read that blog. 
But she didn’t believe it. 
Those kids from the Parker and Luther families grew up playing with Ashton together. 
Their clarification lacked credibility. 
"Mom, you’re prejudiced against Joanna. From the beginning, you didn’t like her and were dissatisfied with her. So, you never wanted to trust her. You thought I asked Sean to post that clarification blog, didn’t you?" 
Lady Octavia was startled, and her face changed. 
She really... thought that way. 
When her thoughts were exposed on the spot, she couldn’t help but feel embarrassed. 
Of course, she wouldn’t admit it: "I never thought that way. I didn’t see that blog you were talking about. What does this matter have to do with Sean Parker?" 
Ashton Heath just smiled, not exposing her: "Sean was there at the time. I didn’t ask him to post the blog; although I had the idea, he doesn’t like Joanna much because of Rebecca Kelloway, so even if I asked him to post it, he might not." 
Lady Octavia suddenly raised her head in astonishment: "What do you mean by that?" 
"Sean Parker likes Rebecca Kelloway." Ashton Heath directly said, "He thinks I wronged Rebecca, and we had a falling out." 
"Now that I’ve said this, do you believe Joanna now?" 
Lady Octavia stared blankly for a while, her face a little ugly. 
She suddenly felt a bit flustered. 
Did Rebecca decide to withdraw today because of this reason? 
Did she plan to be with Sean? 
Thinking of that domineering young master from the Parker family, Lady Octavia frowned and became a bit impatient. 
She naturally regarded her son as the most outstanding in the world. 
But she couldn’t deny that the young man from the Parker family was also brilliant. 
The Kelloway and Parker family backgrounds were absolutely compatible, and Rebecca and that young man from the Parker family had a matching age and appearance, and the two families had been friends for many years. 
Presumably, if they really had feelings for each other, both families would be happy to see it happen.
But if Rebecca were to be with Frank Parker, what would happen to her son? 
Rebecca was her favorite daughter-in-law. 
"Mom, I don’t expect you to like her immediately, but I hope you can put aside some of your prejudices and try to gradually accept her. If you are willing to let go of your prejudices and get along with her, I believe you’ll like her." 
"She is really a good girl." 
"Mom, she’s my wife, the woman I love. Can’t you accept her just for my sake?" 
By the end, Ashton Heath’s attitude had lowered a lot.
###Chapter 636: Chapter 636: The result you want is up to you to choose.
It was rare for him to lower his stance in front of Lady Octavia like this. 
So, after listening to his final words, Lady Octavia was taken aback. 
She looked at her son in surprise, seeing his lowered stance, feeling a mix of emotions in her heart. 
The son she had given birth to, she knew him better than anyone else. 
In past times, whatever he wanted or needed to do, he would just do it directly. 
Rarely, would he care about other people’s opinions, 
Including his own mother’s. 
When he was young, because his age limited his independence, she could still use her domineering ways to influence him once or twice. 
But later on, he gradually grew up. 
Since the age of 13 when he earned a significant amount of money on his own, she could hardly sway him again. 
Marriage was another thing he didn’t consult her about. 
Whoever he wanted to marry, he went ahead and married. 
He didn’t even inform them beforehand. 
Apart from accepting it, she couldn’t really do anything about it. 
Today’s him, fully capable of standing on his own in both spiritual and material aspects, was truly independent. 
It was even harder for her to influence his decisions. 
Yet now, this kind of person was negotiating with her and even seeking her help. 
How could Lady Octavia not be surprised? 
However, such a change did not make Lady Octavia happy. 
On the contrary, it felt like her heart was pierced by something, and it was unbearable. 
Because this change was not because of her, but for the sake of a woman named Joanna Lawrence. 
Lady Octavia was silent for a long time. 
It was the first time her son had pleaded in such a humble manner in front of her. She couldn’t bear to refuse him. 
But to accept Joanna, that was something she could not do either. 
"Mom." Ashton Heath waited for a while, looked at Lady Octavia’s troubled face, thought for a moment, and said solemnly, "Joanna is the woman I have chosen for my entire life. Whether or not you ultimately like her, I will not part with her." 
"So, I hope that you can gradually come to like her. That way, it will be much easier for everyone to get along in the future." 
"I don’t want the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law conflict to happen in our family. I believe you know very well what consequences such incidents can lead to. If you insist on letting this happen, then in the future, I can only choose not to bring her home." 
"When that time comes, don’t blame us for being disrespectful." 
"What do you mean by that? How am I insisting on letting this happen?" These two sentences undoubtedly angered Lady Octavia, making her face even uglier. 
Ashton felt a bit emotionally drained, rubbing his brow and said, "Joanna is willing to get along with you, her mother-in-law, but you refuse to accept her. How do you expect her to interact with you? If bringing her home every time only upsets her, why should I bother?" 
"Are you threatening me?" Lady Octavia’s face turned livid as she tightened her grip on the cushion of the sofa. 
Ashton looked at her and said calmly, "Mom, it’s you who is forcing me. The choice is actually in your hands, and the outcome you want is also up to you to decide." 
At this point, he felt there was no need to continue the conversation. 
He slowly stood up under Lady Octavia’s furious gaze. 
"Mom, please think it over. In the future, I won’t come to talk to you about this matter again." 
With that, he turned and walked toward the door. 
Lady Octavia sat on the sofa, her face livid, watching him slowly walk out and the door close behind him.
###Chapter 637: Chapter 637: She couldn’t possibly know someone like Mr. Parker.
She was so angry that she grabbed the sofa cushion in her hand and threw it to the ground. 
"Dream on if you think I would accept that kind of woman as my daughter-in-law!" 
* 
At this time, the Lawrence household was not peaceful either. 
"Annie, what’s going on? Is everything true what they said on the news, that that little bitch Joanna really took David Benington back? Are they really back together?!" Rose Liall’s sharp and piercing voice could be heard through the door. 
She hurriedly pushed open the door and stormed into the bedroom, anxiously shouting, "We can’t let that little bitch get away with it. If she gets back with David, what will happen to us? That little bitch hates us to the core. If she marries into the Benington family and becomes their young mistress, she will torment us for sure. And, if she becomes the Lady Boss of Galaxy Agency, how would you keep your job there?" 
"I didn’t expect that little bitch to be so shameless. She seduced David while you were in the hospital." 
"How can she be so cheap! She’s even trying to steal her own sister’s man!" 
As Rose Liall said these words, she never considered that her own daughter had done the same thing. 
After speaking for a while and seeing that Annie had no reaction, still sitting by the bed holding her phone like she hadn’t heard her, Rose rushed forward and snatched Annie’s phone out of her hands, resentfully saying, "Look at the time and you’re still on your phone. Keep looking at it and your man will be stolen by that little bitch!" 
"Did you hear anything I just said?" 
"If David is taken away by that little bitch, not only will you not be able to marry into the Benington family and become their young mistress, but your career will also be affected. If you leave Galaxy Agency, will your career continue to flourish as it is now?" 
"In the future, if that little bitch gets the upper hand, will we still be able to live a good life?" 
After Rose Liall had spoken for a while, she noticed that Annie still had no reaction. 
She became even angrier and said in a fury, "I’ve said so much to you, why don’t you... " 
Mid-sentence, when Annie slowly raised her head, looking at her expressionlessly, she froze. 
Annie reached out her hand: "Mom, give me the phone." 
"Annie, those news..." 
"I said give me the phone!" Annie suddenly screamed, got up, and snatched the phone from the shocked Rose Liall’s hand. 
She unlocked the phone and lowered her eyes, staring at the blog post she had just seen. 
After a few seconds, she suddenly screamed again and forcefully threw the phone to the ground. 
With a "pop," the glass screen of the phone shattered. 
Roase Liall was frightened by this scene, staring at Annie in terror for a while, not daring to say a word. 
"Why does she deserve it?!" Annie clenched her teeth, her eyes red with jealousy, and her face distorted as she roared, "Why would Mr. Parker speak for her? How could she know Mr. Parker, it’s impossible, impossible!" 
"Cheap bitch, cheap bitch, cheap bitch! What gives her the right to have Mr. Parker speak for her? What is she?!" 
"It’s impossible for her to know Mr. Parker, absolutely impossible." 
"Someone like Mr. Parker, there’s no way she knows him." 
Annie, as if stimulated by something, repeatedly said the same words. 
Rose was confused and worried that Annie had lost her mind. She went over and grabbed her arm, worriedly saying, "Annie, what’s wrong with you? Don’t scare me. Who is this Mr. Parker you mentioned?"
###Chapter 638: Chapter 638: Were They Cursed?
"What does that little slut have to do with him?" 
Annie Lawrence still ignored Rose Liall’s words. 
She was still thinking about that blog post. 
It was a blog post from Mr. Frank Parker of the Parker family, a post clarifying things for Joanna. 
What kind of person was Mr. Parker? 
If you say that the Benington family is already good enough, and the Lawrence family attaching itself to the Benington family is considered marrying up, then the Parker family is ten times, even a hundred times better than the Beningtons. 
It’s Closia’s top wealthy family. 
And as the only heir to the Parker family, young master Frank Parker, his status was incredibly noble. 
He is the top aristocrat that countless women in Closia want to get close to, but they can’t. 
He has many women around him. 
Just like other affluent offspring, he changes women like changing clothes, not a very loyal man. 
But among the many women he has been with, nobody could make him truly care about them. 
There were a few female artists who, when they were with him, deliberately said misleading things to make others believe they were his girlfriends. 
The result was, they got dumped immediately. 
But now, he’s making such a high-profile clarification for Joanna on his blog. 
At first, she thought Frank’s blog account had been hacked. 
But if it was hacked, it should have been deleted quickly. 
The blog post from Frank, however, is still up. 
Meanwhile, all Joanna’s scandals were removed within less than an hour. 
Several influential figures have even issued apologies to Joanna. 
The person who could make this happen was definitely not David Benington. 
The person who would have those influential figures so wary could only be Frank Parker. 
When Frank’s blog post came out, everyone was guessing about his relationship with Joanna. 
This was the first time he so high-profilely defended a woman on his blog. 
No matter what kind of relationship this woman has with him, she’s not someone others can easily offend. 
No one wants to provoke trouble from the Parker family, the consequences would be dire.
Even if no one knew what the relationship between Joanna and Frank was yet, now that Frank has stepped in, no one dares to easily mess with Joanna. 
One moment, Annie just saw David kneel down on the street pleading for reconciliation with Joanna, and the next, she saw the clarification blog post by Frank. 
This was no doubt a double blow for her. 
The man she stole away with all her scheming, now wanted to get back with Joanna. 
The man she’ll never get close to in her lifetime, boldly defending Joanna on his blog. 
And then there’s that mysterious handsome man... 
Why are all these excellent men revolving around that slut Joanna? 
They must have been cursed. 
She has to spend a lot of thought, try hard, and even bend over backwards to win over a man like David. 
And this man is the best she has in all her resources. 
Yet Joanna... 
Just broke up with David, and she’s found another man who is good looking and of mysterious status. 
Not only is this man better looking than David, he has better temperament than David, and his family background is likely a lot better than David’s too. 
Although, she still doesn’t know who that man is. 
She hired so many private detectives to investigate, but they haven’t found anything. 
But the harder it is to investigate, it just shows that man’s family background must be highly prosperous. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have failed to find any information on him. 
Before she could find out the identity of that mysterious man, Joanna has already hooked up with Frank.
###Chapter 639: Chapter 639: You want to investigate her biological parents?
Why is this bitch so lucky? 
God, you’re really favoring her! 
Sending so many outstanding men one after another to her side. 
What about her? 
She couldn’t even hold onto a David Benington! 
Strong hatred surged from the bottom of her heart, accompanied by intense unwillingness and jealousy. 
She is no worse than Joanna Lawrence. 
Are all these men blind? 
One by one, they like a woman whose parents are unknown. No, Joanna’s biological parents may have died long ago. She’s just an orphan without parents. 
"I won’t let her succeed!" 
Annie Lawrence suddenly turned around, her eyes filled with hatred and jealousy as she looked at Rose Liall. Her face was so hideous that even Rose found it a bit frightening, "Mom, do you think Joanna’s biological parents might have committed crimes and fled abroad?" 
"What if they were criminals?" 
The possibility excited Annie, "Yes, her biological parents must be criminals. They committed serious crimes, that’s why they fled abroad. So, she’s the daughter of criminals." 
"If Mr. Ashton and that man find out that she’s the daughter of criminals, they’ll stop helping her." 
"No one would like the daughter of a criminal." 
"Mom, we need to investigate this immediately." Annie grabbed Rose’s arm as if she saw hope again, her eyes flashing, gritting her teeth and sneering, "If we find out that Joanna’s biological parents are fugitive criminals, I want to see how she seduces people." 
"At that time, I will let everyone know that she’s the daughter of a criminal!" 
"I want everyone to avoid her like she’s a fly or mosquito." 
Rose was stunned for a moment before she regained her senses, "You, you want to investigate her biological parents?" 
"Yes." Annie clenched her fist, "Mom, just think, what kind of crime could they have committed that made them abandon their child and flee abroad? If it wasn’t a major crime, then they must have offended someone powerful." 
"Either way, finding out will make Joanna suffer." 
After listening to Annie’s words, Rose thought for a moment, and her eyes lit up, "You’re right. If her parents are really fugitive criminals, no one would want the daughter of a criminal. In that case, we can stop her from marrying into the Benington family. David won’t want to break up with you then." 
"Hmph, Mom, you’re wrong." 
Annie’s face darkened, and she said coldly, "I’m not doing this just to stop her from marrying into the Benington family." 
The Benington family, what’s that? 
Annie has already looked down upon the Benington family now. 
In the past, she thought the Benington family was great, and David had excellent potential. 
But without comparison, there’s no harm. 
How can David compare with Mr. Parker? A hundred Davids wouldn’t be a match for one Frank Parker. 
Joanna can hook up with Mr. Parker. 
So can she. 
In the past, she snatched David from Joanna’s hands. She didn’t believe that she couldn’t beat Joanna this time. 
Rose was stunned for a moment, "If not to stop her from marrying into the Benington family, then what? Annie, we can’t let her marry into the Benington family. If she does, we’re doomed. David did wrong by you, but if you break up with him, you won’t find a better man in the future."
###Chapter 640: Chapter 640: That man’s family background is worth a hundred Benington families.
"Mom, you should calm down. Don’t make impulsive decisions just because you’re upset." 
"Mom, you’re overthinking it. Even without me stopping her, Joanna won’t be with David." 
Now that she’s attached herself to someone as powerful as Mr. Parker, there’s no way she’d be interested in David. 
Her current goal isn’t to stop Joanna from getting back with David, but to prevent her from being with Frank Parker. 
If Joanna truly succeeds in seducing Frank and becomes his woman... 
Then she would really ride above their heads in the future. 
"Why?" Rose Liall looked puzzled, "How could that little bitch possibly refuse? She must be dying to marry into the Benington family." 
"You’re underestimating Joanna," Annie Lawrence sneered, "She’s already hooked up with an even more powerful man. David is nothing to her now. Mom, do you know who that man is?" 
"Who? Could there be someone more powerful than the Beningtons?" 
"Hah, the Beningtons are nothing," Annie said disdainfully, "That man’s family is so powerful that even a hundred Benington families can’t compare. David doesn’t even qualify to shine his shoes." 
Rose was shocked, "That powerful? How could that little bitch know such a man? Are you sure?" 
"Mom, have you heard of the Parker family?" 
"The Parker family? You mean the one ranked second among the four great families in Closia? What does that have to do with that little bitch? Don’t tell me..." Rose trailed off, her eyes widening in disbelief. 
"Frank Parker, the young master of the Parker family and the only heir, that’s the man that little bitch has hooked up with. Tell me, would she even give David a second glance?" 
"How is that possible..." Rose said incredulously, "How could she know a man of that level?" 
"I can’t believe it either," Annie gritted her teeth, the hatred and jealousy in her eyes revealing themselves once more, "But Mr. Parker himself made a clarification on her behalf on his blog. If their relationship wasn’t good, how could he have done that?" 
"He’s never posted anything about other people, let alone a woman, on his blog before. Although I don’t know the exact nature of their relationship, it’s certain that she’s connected to Mr. Parker." 
"Mom, I have to stop her from being with Mr. Parker. If she follows him in the future, we’ll really be in trouble." 
Thinking of the power of the Parker family and the young master’s not-so-great reputation, Rose’s heart started to fear as well. 
The Benington family alone is already someone they can’t afford to offend. 
If that little bitch really climbs into the Parker family, then what will happen in the future... 
Thinking about all the possibilities, Rose’s face turned pale with fright.
"But how can we stop that little bitch?" 
"Mom, whether or not we succeed in this matter mainly depends on you." 
"On me?" 
"Only Dad knows who the little bitch’s biological parents are. If you can get some useful information from him, it’ll make it much easier for us to investigate." 
"But your dad won’t tell me. He’s very tight-lipped. I’ve asked him several times before and he never says anything." 
"Then use a different approach to ask him. What if you tell him you want to help Joanna find her biological parents?" 
Rose’s eyes widened, and then she realized, "You mean..."
###Chapter 641: Chapter 641: I Just Want to Be with You Every Day
Annie Lawrence nodded, pursed her lips in a smile, but her eyes full of gloom: "This matter must be thoroughly investigated as soon as possible." 
* 
Three days passed quickly. 
In a blink of an eye, it was almost time for Joanna Lawrence to leave for the film crew. 
The night before leaving, Ashton Heath excused himself from all social engagements and came home early. 
After dinner, the couple retreated to their bedroom. 
Joanna Lawrence took out her suitcase, preparing to start packing. 
She was scheduled to be out of town for approximately three months this time, so she had quite a bit to pack. 
As she took out the clothing and neatly folded them into her suitcase, Ashton Heath stood by and watched for a while, feeling a bit uneasy. 
He asked in a muffled tone, "What time do we have to leave for the airport tomorrow morning?" 
"Linda just sent me the itinerary, the flight is at nine, we will probably have to leave for the airport past seven." Joanna Lawrence placed a folded skirt into the suitcase, then took several pieces of clothing from the wardrobe to fold. 
"This early?" Ashton Heath seemed a little dissatisfied. 
"It’s not that early right? Isn’t this the time you usually go to work?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
It’s not the same. 
If she leaves that early for the airport, they’ll have less time together. 
"So, you’re going to be away for three months?" Ashton Heath paused for a few seconds, asking in a slightly stifled voice. 
"Mhm." Joanna Lawrence was folding clothes on the ground, she lifted her head after hearing his tone, stood up slowly. 
She placed her hands behind her back, bent at the waist, tilted her head again to look at him, the corners of her mouth lifting slightly: "Aren’t you happy?" 
Ashton Heath masked his expression: "We’re still on our honeymoon, yet my newly-wed wife is about to leave town for three months. How happy do you think I could be?" 
"Alright, alright, it’s not like I’m not coming back." Joanna Lawrence met the resentment in his eyes, and laughed. She took a step forward, lifted her heels and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Also, you can come visit when you have time." 
"Or if I have a break, I can also come back to see you." 
Her voice was soft and coquettish, as if placating a child: "We’re just temporarily separating. Don’t you think, maintaining a considerable distance between husband and wife sometimes, is quite good too?" 
"It’s not." Ashton Heath creased his brow, his eyes expressing dissatisfaction. "I don’t want to maintain distance with you. I just want to be by your side every day." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Then, what do you want to do?" She sighed a bit exasperatedly, but her heart was brimming with sweetness. "If not, why don’t you shift your business focus there. This way, you can come live there, and we can be together every day." 
She was simply joking. 
Who knew, Ashton Heath seriously considered it, nodded and said, "Your suggestion is not bad, I am going to call Cody Aberton now..." 
As he spoke, he reached for his phone. 
Joanna Lawrence was startled for a few seconds, and then laughed at his antics, reaching out to stop him from reaching for his phone: "Alright, Ashton Heath, stop teasing. I was just joking." 
"I think the idea is quite good." 
"...then what about the business here?" 
"Business?" The man arched his brow and smirked, his handsome and deep-set features taking her breath away at the close distance. 
He moved closer to her, one hand holding her chin, his voice deep and enticing: "Business is nothing compared to my wife. In the wide world, my wife is the most important."
###Chapter 642: Chapter 642: Are You Trying to Starve Me to Death?
Joanna Lawrence’s heartbeat instantly became chaotic. 
Ashton Heath was flirting with her again. 
It was a pity that she couldn’t resist the flirting every time; with his casual moves, her heart would disobey her. 
It would beat slowly one moment and quickly the next, sometimes even appearing to stop altogether. 
She felt quite pathetic being so easily seduced by her husband. 
But was Ashton Heath an ordinary man? 
Having such a handsome husband who was particularly good at flirting, anyone would find it hard to resist. 
"Cough cough, alright, no more joking around. The Film and TV Studio isn’t far from Closia. I promise you, as soon as I have time, I’ll come back to see you, okay?" Joanna actually didn’t want to be apart for so long either. 
The couple’s feelings were scaling up, and neither of them wanted to part for such a long period at this time. 
But love is important, and so is career. 
After marrying Ashton Heath, Joanna felt tremendous pressure. 
It was a lot more than when she was single. 
This pressure was not financial but due to the gap between her and Ashton. 
The better he was, the more pressure she felt. 
She would feel that she didn’t deserve such an excellent man. 
So, she was eager to achieve something sooner, even though these achievements might not be worth mentioning in front of him – at least, she could see herself making progress. 
She also wanted to earn some money by her own efforts, which would give her a sense of security. 
With her soft and tender arms hanging on his neck, her dark and moist eyes gazed at him softly, and her voice was delicate. 
Ashton couldn’t bear to say "no" when faced with such tenderness from her. 
Despite his dissatisfaction, he sighed and nodded, saying, "Fine." 
"I knew you were the best." 
Joanna seized the opportunity, tiptoed and raised her head to kiss him on his lips. 
After touching lightly, she wanted to back off, but Ashton grabbed her waist and pressed her towards him, lowering his head to give her a strong and passionate kiss. 
"Mmm..." 
Joanna struggled for a bit and said with pauses, "Ashton Heath, I, I have to pack my luggage." 
"Don’t worry about it, I’ll help you pack later." The man’s voice became husky, and his arm around her waist grew hotter. Holding her jaw, he kissed her deeply again. 
"No...I have to sleep early tonight..." 
"It’s only seven now, and you’re going to bed at ten. It takes an hour to pack your luggage, so we still have two hours..." 
"But, but... Mmm..." Her lips were sealed again. 
"Baby, you’ll be gone for several months from tomorrow. Aren’t you going to give your husband a proper farewell? Do you want me to starve to death?" 
"I..."
"Shh, baby, we don’t have much time, let’s not waste it on pointless conversations." 
The man picked her up horizontally and carried her out of the dressing room. 
* 
Ashton kept his word, not wasting a minute of the two hours. 
From the moment Joanna was laid on that black bed, her cries lasted a full two hours. 
By the end of it, her voice had become hoarse. 
Her body was soaked with sweat like she’d just been pulled out of the water. 
She had no strength left at all. 
Like being drained by a siren, she lay motionless in the bathtub, allowing Ashton to wash her body. 
After Ashton bathed her and wrapped her in a bath towel, he carried her back to the bed. Soon enough, she fell asleep, exhausted.
###Chapter 643: Chapter 624: Baby, are you still mad at me?
* 
The next morning, when Joanna Lawrence woke up, her body was still incredibly sore. 
"Good morning, wife." 
As soon as she opened her eyes, she saw a stunningly beautiful face that didn’t seem real. 
She had just opened her eyes and saw an enlarged handsome face. 
The man’s facial features were deep and three-dimensional, as if carved by a knife and axe. His thin lips were slightly upturned, and he supported his head with one hand, smiling sexily and charmingly at her. 
His slightly open chest revealed well-defined muscles, with smooth and sexy lines that made people want to touch. 
Early in the morning, as soon as she opened her eyes, she had to face such a beautiful temptation, and Joanna found it hard to resist. 
As soon as a thought appeared in her mind, the fear of last night’s fierceness made the romantic idea that had just emerged from her heart disappear completely. 
She moved her body and immediately felt an uncomfortable sour pain at the root of her thigh. 
It hurt so much that she furrowed her brow slightly. 
She looked at the culprit angrily, not even wanting to greet him. 
This hateful man. 
He usually doted on her and indulged her in everything. 
But in those moments, no matter how she begged him, he wouldn’t be moved. 
When he bullied her severely, Joanna felt so angry that she wanted to divorce him. 
"Baby, are you still mad at me?" Ashton Heath pinched her chin, leaned down to kiss her, and said in a low, hoarse voice, "Sorry, forgive me for not being able to control myself. I admit that I went too far last night. If you’re still mad at me, I’ll let you bite me to vent your anger, okay?" 
He pulled up his robe sleeve, stretched his arm to her mouth, allowing her to do whatever she wanted, and said sincerely, "Bite, you can bite as long as you like." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She was still angry. 
Angry that once he reached that point, he didn’t care about her feelings at all and just kept bullying her. 
Extremely domineering and aggressive. 
But the man’s good attitude in admitting his mistake and seeking punishment made her unable to get angry at him all of a sudden. 
Oh well. 
Thinking about the upcoming months apart, the anger in her heart had been replaced by reluctance to part. 
"Who wants to bite you? Biting people is something dogs do." Joanna bit her lower lip, looked at him charmingly, and gently patted his arm. 
"So, my baby is too tender-hearted to bite her husband?" Ashton chuckled softly and pretended to kiss her again, "You’re such a good wife." 
"No..." 
Just as his kiss was about to land, Joanna quickly raised her hand to block it, and pushed away his approaching face with the other hand, saying, "I haven’t brushed my teeth yet." 
Ashton’s lips landed on the back of her hand. 
He kissed her warm and moist hand, moved his Adam’s apple, and laughed softly, "It’s okay, I don’t mind." 
Joanna Lawrence: "I do!" 
"Alright." He sighed softly, lifting his lips from her hand, brushing the hair from her forehead and planting a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Let’s freshen up first." 
* 
As the two got out of bed together, Ashton carried Joanna to the bathroom. He helped her wash her face, brush her teeth, and even apply skincare products. 
After freshening up, he carried her to the locker room to change her clothes. 
After changing, he carried her down the stairs. 
Once downstairs, 
the maid who was cleaning saw Mr. Ashton carrying Ms. Joanna down, and each of them showed envious expressions on their faces as they wondered why they couldn’t have such good luck. 
A husband like Mr. Ashton who loved and pampered his wife would surely bring happiness to their lives, wouldn’t he?
###Chapter 644: Chapter 643: The Man Beside Her Has No Reaction
Joanna Lawrence’s heartbeat, was instantly thrown into chaos. 
This man, Ashton Heath... was flirting with her again. 
And she just couldn’t resist his flirtatious moves. With just one careless move from him, her heart wouldn’t listen to her anymore. 
One moment it would beat so slowly, the next moment so fast, and in another moment, it seemed as if it wasn’t beating at all. 
It’s really unbelievable to be so flustered by her own husband’s flirting. 
But, is Ashton like an ordinary man? 
Having a husband who is so handsome and skillful at flirting, anyone would be unable to resist. 
"Ahem, okay, no more joking. The Film and TV Studio is not far from Closia. I promise you that as long as I have time, I will come back to see you, okay?" Actually, Joanna also couldn’t bear to be away for so long. 
The two were right in the middle of a romance high, and it was hard for them to be apart for so long at this moment. 
However, as important as love is, career is equally important. 
Actually, after marrying Ashton, Joanna felt a lot of pressure. 
Much more than when she was single. 
This pressure wasn’t financial but stemmed from the gap between her and Ashton. 
The more outstanding he was, the greater the pressure she felt. 
She would feel like she was not good enough for someone as amazing as him. 
That’s why she really hoped to achieve something as soon as possible. Even if those achievements mean nothing in front of him, at least, she could see her own progress. 
She also really wanted to earn enough money through her own efforts to give herself a sense of security. 
The young girl’s soft, tender arms were hanging around his neck, her black watery eyes filled with tender gazes as she looked at him, her voice also very soft and tender. 
Faced with her, how could Ashton say no? 
Although dissatisfied at heart, he sighed and then reluctantly agreed, "Alright." 
"I knew you were the best." 
* 
The next day they woke up. 
"Good morning, my wife." 
As soon as Joanna opened her eyes, she saw a close-up of a handsome face. 
The man’s features were deep and three-dimensional, as if carved by a knife or axe. His thin, crimson lips slightly upturned, he held his head in one hand, smiling at her with a charming and sexy smile. 
Seeing that Joanna was awake, he lowered his head, wanting to kiss her. 
As his lips were about to touch, Joanna quickly stretched out her hand to block him, and pushed his approaching face away with her other hand, "I haven’t brushed my teeth yet." 
Ashton’s lips landed on the back of her hand, and he chuckled, "It’s okay, I don’t mind." 
Joanna: "I mind!" 
"Alright then." He sighed lightly, removed his lips from her hand, and gently brushed her hair from her forehead. Then he kissed her forehead and said, "Let’s wash up first." 
* 
They got up together, and Ashton carried Joanna into the bathroom. Washing her face, brushing her teeth, and even applying skincare products, he helped her with everything. 
After they were done, he carried her to the locker room and helped her change her clothes. 
Once her clothes were changed, he carried her down the stairs. 
Downstairs. 
The maids cleaning the house saw Mr. and Ms. Heath coming down in each other’s arms, and their faces were filled with envy, each of them wondering why they couldn’t have such good luck. 
Having a husband who loves and pampers you like Mr. Ashton surely must be heaven. 
Mr. Ashton is just too doting on Ms. Joanna. 
Even going down the stairs is a carried journey. 
Who would have thought that a man like Mr. Ashton, who appeared so detached from lust and desire, could be so doting when it came to the woman he loved? 
Finding a husband like this is certainly much better than those with rich love histories, right? 
"Ashton, put me down." 
Joanna saw the maids covering their mouths and giggling, her face feeling hot. She wanted to jump down from Ashton’s arms: "I can walk, just put me down." 
Ashton simply ignored her and carried her straight into the dining room. 
Upon reaching the dining room, he did not let her go and sat down with her still in his arms. 
A lavish breakfast was spread out on the table. 
He picked up the warmed milk and fed it to Joanna. 
Several maids were also standing in the dining room. 
Although it was not the first time they had seen Mr. Heath feeding Ms. Joanna, they still felt incredibly envious. 
Mr. Heath really knew how to pamper someone. 
When he truly loved someone, he could spoil them to the skies. 
If they didn’t see it with their own eyes, who would believe that Mr. Heath, who had always been so aloof towards women, would have such a kind-hearted moment? 
"I’ll do it myself..." Joanna felt very embarrassed. She reached out to grab the cup. 
Ashton’s thin lips curled up, and he calmly said, "Baby, do you want to drink it yourself, or do you want a different way to feed you? If you like mouth-to-mouth, I’m pretty happy to oblige." 
Joanna: "...I’ll drink it myself." 
* 
During this breakfast, Joanna hardly moved at all. 
Ashton was basically feeding her all the time. 
After having breakfast, Joanna received a call from Linda. She told Joanna that her assistant had been found. 
She would meet with her at the airport later. 
Linda sent Joanna the assistant’s photo and contact information. She was a cute-looking girl named Nina, two years older than Joanna. 
Joanna called Nina first. Nina’s voice was as cute as her appearance, with a sweet and adorable loli tone. 
They talked for a few minutes, before Joanna hung up the phone. 
"Linda found me an assistant." 
As a small actor who always had to do minor roles, Joanna never dreamed of having an assistant. 
Her film remuneration was barely enough for herself. 
Where could she find the money to support an assistant in addition? 
Suddenly having an assistant, Joanna felt both excited and thrilled. 
She immediately shared her joy with Ashton: "I never thought I’d have an assistant. I just called Nina, and she sounded super cute. Her voice is so sweet, and she looks so sweet too." 
As she spoke, she opened her phone, showing Nina’s picture to Ashton: "Look, this is my assistant. Her name is Nina. Doesn’t she look super cute? Her eyes are so big and round, her nose is small, and her mouth is tiny too." 
"She’s two years older than me, but she looks even younger than me. She has a baby face." 
"With this look, she could have entered the entertainment industry. Being an assistant is a bit of a pity." 
She spoke enthusiastically. 
As she finished speaking, she noticed that the man beside her had no reaction. 
Joanna: "..." 
Her brow furrowed and she poked Ashton’s arm before complaining, "Why aren’t you saying anything? I just told you so much, didn’t you hear anything?" 
Sharing her joy and receiving no response from the other party made her feel quite disheartened.
###Chapter 645: Chapter 644: I Don’t Want to Look at Other Women, I Just Want to Look at You
Ashton Heath looked down at her: "I heard it all, congratulations, you have an assistant now." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Is this his reaction? 
"Did you just look at it?" 
"Look at what?" 
"My assistant." 
Joanna held her phone up to his face again and pointed to the girl on the screen: "This girl is my assistant Nina, what do you think? Isn’t she really cute?" 
Joanna truly thought Nina was very cute. 
Nina had the look of a little "Lolita" with a slightly round face, and little dimples when she smiled. 
Extremely cute. 
If she were a boy, she would definitely like girls like Nina. 
The look would make people feel protective. 
Ashton Heath wasn’t interested in any women other than Joanna Lawrence, let alone paying attention to them. 
But to keep her from being disappointed, he cooperated and took a glance. 
"What do you think? Isn’t she really cute?" Joanna immediately asked him. 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He secretly pondered, could this be his wife testing him? 
Wanting to test if he was interested in other women? 
Upon thinking this, he immediately replied: "Very ordinary, not as cute as my wife." 
He really thought so in his heart too. 
In his eyes, his wife was the cutest in the whole world. 
No one could compare. 
Whether other women were sexy, cute, or pure, they had nothing to do with him. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"What kind of look is that?" She looked at him with some disdain. "Obviously very cute. Isn’t this kind of girl the one that you straight men like the most? You really think she’s just ordinary? Look again." 
"Straight men?" Ashton Heath was a little unfamiliar with the term. 
Joanna Lawrence: "It means normal men." 
Ashton Heath nodded, indicating he understood: "Then I might not be normal." 
Joanna Lawrence: "?" 
Ashton Heath’s deep black eyes looked at her intently, and he said seriously: "It would be the same no matter how many times I look, she’s not as good-looking as my wife. I don’t know what kind of girls straight men like, but I know that you are the type I like." 
As he said these words, his expression was very serious. 
When his ink-inked eyes were focused on her, Joanna’s heart skipped several beats. 
Unintentionally, she was flirted with again. 
"I don’t want to look at other women, I just want to look at you." The man continued to flirt with her, "My wife is the most beautiful woman in the world."
Ashton Heath, can you...?" Joanna’s face became a little hot, and a faint blush appeared on her fair cheeks. 
"Hmm?" 
"Don’t exaggerate when you praise me." 
"Where am I exaggerating?" 
"Just now when you..." She pursed her lips, feeling a little embarrassed to repeat the words praising herself, "said something like being the most beautiful in the world." 
"I wasn’t exaggerating." Ashton Heath said with a straight face, "In my eyes, you are the most beautiful woman in the world." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Mother egg, her heart rate started soaring again. 
Was he really doing it on purpose? 
"Ahem, okay, then." Joanna touched her slightly hot cheeks, bit the corner of her lips, and said softly, "You can say this in private, but don’t ever say it in front of others, okay?" 
"Why?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "What can’t be said?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "... Be low-key, you know?"
###Chapter 646: Chapter 645: I Don’t Want to Keep a Low Profile at All
"But..." 
The man suddenly leaned in, his handsome and deep face magnified several times in front of her eyes. His slender fingers pinched her chin, and his thin, red lips rubbed gently against the corner of her lips, his deep voice saying, "My wife is so good, why should I keep a low profile?" 
"In my eyes, my wife is the most beautiful woman in the world. I wish I could let the whole world know about it, why should I keep a low profile? Baby, I don’t want to keep a low profile at all." 
If it wasn’t for her unwillingness to reveal their relationship just yet. 
He would have already announced their marriage to the world. 
Then he wouldn’t have to worry about other men hitting on her. 
He wished he could immediately put a label on her that read "Ashton Heath’s Wife" in big letters, placed in the most conspicuous place where people could see it at a glance. 
Joanna’s face flushed with heat: "Ashton Heath..." 
She was so... embarrassed by this man’s compliments. 
Ah, why does she have such a flirtatious husband? 
What does it feel like to have your heartbeat go erratic every day because of your own husband’s flirting? 
* 
Arriving at the airport. 
The black Rolls-Royce stopped outside the airport entrance. 
Zack got off the car first, opened the back door, and then went to the trunk to fetch two suitcases. 
Ashton Heath and Joanna also got out of the car. As soon as they got out, Ashton reached out and wrapped his arm around Joanna’s waist, his strong and slender arm possessively wrapped around her waist. 
The moment the two of them appeared, they attracted a lot of attention. 
The handsome man and beautiful woman were a high-profile combination and attracted attention wherever they went.
Ashton wrapped his arm around Joanna and walked into the terminal. Thinking of their upcoming separation, he felt reluctant and worried. As they walked, he told her, "I checked the weather there in advance, and it’s raining today, with a bit of chill. Put on a jacket before you get off the flight." 
"If you feel uncomfortable when you arrive there, be sure to tell me, don’t force yourself." 
"If you’re not used to the accommodation and food in the film crew, let me know so I can arrange something for you early." 
"Also, you’re a newcomer, and there will inevitably be one or two in the crew who look down on newcomers. If you encounter someone like that, just tell me who it is, and I’ll handle it for you." 
"If there’s an emergency and I can’t get there in time to handle it, find Gary White." 
When Joanna heard this, she looked at him in surprise: "You... know Director White?" 
Ashton didn’t want her to think too much, so he lied, "He’s a friend of Grant’s, and I’m... not very familiar with him." 
If she knew that he knew Gary White and that he had spoken to Gary about her role, she would definitely be unhappy, right? 
In fact, she got that role on her own merits. 
Gary White was very satisfied with her. 
Even if he hadn’t spoken to Gary in advance, Gary would still have chosen her. 
"He has a good relationship with Grant, and I’ll ask Grant to say hello to him to look out for you." 
"Did you have anything to do with the audition last time?" 
"No," Ashton lied, his face not changing color at all, "I trust your abilities. You got your role on your own, it has nothing to do with me." 
Joanna breathed a little sigh of relief: "Okay." 
She wasn’t being fussy. 
Having resources to use is, of course, a good thing. 
It can save her a lot of trouble and prevent many detours. 
However, she still preferred that she had gotten this role on her own. 
That way, she would be more confident.
###Chapter 647: Chapter 646: Feeling Uneasy Inside
It was not her being pretentious. 
Having resources to use was, of course, a good thing. 
She could spare a lot of worries and detours. 
However, she still hoped that she could obtain this role by herself. 
That way, she would be more confident. 
"Did you remember what I just told you?" 
Ashton Heath was not at ease at all. 
This was not the first time he had been separated from Joanna Lawrence. 
When she used to stay at school, she would only come home on weekends, so they were apart on weekdays as well 
But he wasn’t as worried back then. 
Even though they were apart, they were still in the same city. 
They were not far from each other. 
If he wanted to see her, he could see her every day. 
Whenever she had any issues, he could rush to her side immediately. 
If she were to go to another city, even though they wouldn’t be far apart, and it only took a three-hour flight to reach her, 
it wouldn’t be so easy for him to see her as he wanted. 
If she had any issues, he couldn’t rush to her side right away. 
The anxiety of not being able to see her every day or be by her side immediately made him very uneasy about her. 
She would be going to another city alone; would she be able to adapt to the weather and environment there? 
She didn’t know anyone in the film crew, and as a newbie with no fame yet with an eye-catching appearance, she could possibly be envied by others. 
Would anyone bully her then? 
The more he thought about it, the more uneasy he felt, and he couldn’t help but want to pack his bags and go with her. 
However, he was still somewhat rational. 
If it wasn’t for just taking over Heath Group and needing to personally deal with many matters that he couldn’t leave behind, he might have really gone with her. 
She really was...not worry-free at all. 
From this moment on, he would be constantly worried until she finished filming the TV series. 
Joanna Lawrence was looking at her phone, answering a bit absentmindedly: "...Uh, I know." 
Ashton Heath was not happy with this. 
He directly snatched her phone away. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...What are you doing? Give me back my phone." 
She was about to call Nina. 
Ashton Heath stopped, locked her phone, and looked down at her, half-squinting, "Baby, did you hear everything I just told you? Is your phone that fun? We’re about to part, shouldn’t you be looking at me more?" 
He sounded a bit sour, as if he was jealous. 
But ... was he even jealous of the phone?! 
"I wasn’t playing with my phone." Joanna Lawrence explained seriously, "I was just sending a message to Nina on Twitter, asking where she was. She didn’t reply to my message, so I was about to call her, but you took my phone away." 
"What’s the hurry?" Ashton Heath’s face still had a hint of dissatisfaction, "She can’t run away, and it doesn’t matter if you contact her later. Did you really remember everything I just told you?" 
"I remember, I remember, I’ve been listening." 
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t thought that Ashton Heath could be so naggy. 
He’d asked the same question several times.
She couldn’t help but mutter softly, "Ah, so naggy." 
Ashton Heath, who heard every word clearly: "..." 
He was actually... nagged about by his wife. 
For the first time in his life, someone had called him naggy. 
And that someone was his wife. 
For a moment, his feelings were a bit indescribable. 
But even if he was nagged at, what could be done? 
This person was his wife. Could he grab her and give her a beating?
###Chapter 648: Chapter 647: There are too many things for me to worry about.
"Baby, I don’t trust leaving you alone." Ashton Heath sighed softly, pulling her into his embrace, his hand patting her head gently, his words filled with undisguised worry. "Please don’t think your husband is nagging, but this is the first time after our marriage that you will be away from home, and away from me for several months. I’m not confident about leaving you alone." 
"I’m afraid that without me by your side, you won’t take good care of yourself." 
"I’m also afraid that when I’m not by your side, you’ll be mistreated or bullied by others..." 
"There’s just too much I need to worry about." 
"So, I want you to promise me. If anyone dares to bully you or treat you unfairly, you mustn’t bear it alone in your heart." 
"Also, if anything happens, don’t hide it from me. I want you to promise me; you can’t keep anything from me." 
Joanna Lawrence lay on his chest, listening to his heartbeat one after another, steady and powerful, vibrating through his chest cavity. 
He was still nagging. 
This was very different from the usual Ashton Heath. 
He had never been so verbose before. 
His abnormal behavior was only because he worried about her and didn’t trust leaving her alone. 
Joanna couldn’t express how she felt. She lightly wrapped her arms around Ashton’s slender waist, her eyes suddenly becoming moist. 
In the past, when she went on location for film shoots, she didn’t feel much of anything. 
The only person she couldn’t bear to leave was her brother Jeremy Lawrence. 
As for David Benington... 
It seemed that she hadn’t felt as reluctant to part from him as she did now. 
Even after they separated for a while and met again, she didn’t feel overjoyed or excited deep down. 
She suddenly realized... 
Maybe she hadn’t liked David Benington that much in the past. 
She liked him a little, but not very deeply. 
That’s why she could quickly recover from the hurt he caused when he cheated and betrayed her. 
If she deeply loved David, there was no way she would fall for another man so soon. 
Although she hadn’t known Ashton for a long time, somehow, he had already occupied a place in her heart, becoming a part of her life. 
She could no longer bear to be apart from him. 
"Hmm, Ashton, I promise you." Listening to his heartbeat, Joanna tightened her arms around him, embracing him more tightly, reassured. "I will take good care of myself, not let myself be mistreated, nor let others bully me." 
"I promise you that I’ll be fine these few months." 
"Don’t worry. I’ve gone on location for film shoots before. I’m not a child anymore; I won’t let myself have a terrible time." 
"Besides, didn’t you say you would ask Director White to look out for me? With Gary White protecting me, what could happen? How about we video chat every day to report the situation, would that reassure you?" 
"With Gary White watching over you, I’ll be much more at ease indeed." Ashton tightened his arms, trying to embed Joanna’s soft body into his bones and blood so he could take her with him wherever he went. 
So they wouldn’t have to separate again. 
"Anyway, don’t hesitate to ask him for help. He still owes Grant a favor, so just go to him if you need anything. He won’t dare not to solve your problems." 
"Okay." 
"Of course, if anything happens, you should come to your husband first. If I can’t help you immediately, then you can go to him." 
Thinking back to the last time Joanna praised Frank’s talents and seemingly admired him, Ashton didn’t want the two to have too much contact.
###Chapter 649: Chapter 648: I Can’t Be Behind Your Career
"Hmm." 
Joanna Lawrence chuckled lightly, knowing that a certain jealous jar was acting out again. 
"I’ll come to see you this weekend. By then, I’ll take you out to enjoy some good food and fun." 
"Okay." 
Whatever he said, she obediently nodded her head in agreement. 
Seeing her behaving so obediently, Ashton Heath found it even harder to let her go. 
His baby was so well-behaved and soft-hearted, he really worried that she would be taken advantage of when he wasn’t around. 
He even had an impulsive thought. 
He wanted to ask Gary White to relocate the shooting base to Closia. 
But this was clearly impractical. 
That Gary White fella was meticulous with high demands for each of his works. He definitely wouldn’t agree to relocate the shooting base. 
And unfortunately, there was hardly anything he could use as blackmail against him. 
He couldn’t impose his will on him. 
"I’ll try my best to find more time to visit you." Ashton Heath reached out to stroke her head, his profound eyes reflecting his reluctance to let go, he sighed lightly, "I really don’t want to let you go." 
He wished to keep her by his side always in his sight. 
Actually, he wanted to ask if she could stop filming. 
He could give her double, triple, quadruple... the amount she earns for filming a TV series. 
Any amount she wanted, he could afford to give. 
But he knew, she didn’t film just for the money, she truly enjoyed being an actress. 
These were not problems he could solve with money. 
He couldn’t deprive her of her hobbies because of his own selfishness. 
Joanna Lawrence also did not want to leave him. 
She held him, rubbing her head gently on his chest, "I don’t want to go either, but I don’t want to be idle at home. I want to go out and work. Ashton, do you mind me working?" 
Because her future daily schedule would most likely be like this. 
Once she started getting busy with work, she would need to travel all over the world frequently. 
The time she spent at home would become less and less. 
Consequently, the time she spent with him would become less and less as well. 
She might not be able to give him a normal family setting. 
Ashton Heath was silent for a moment. He lightly stroked her hair, speaking honestly, "If I said I don’t mind at all, it wouldn’t be possible. Every time you film a TV series, we have to part for several months, how can I not mind?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s heart tightened, and she lifted her head to look at him in a bit of panic, "Then you..." 
She was afraid he would ask her to quit the entertainment industry. 
She knew that the more prestigious the family, the more they despised people in her profession. 
Even though celebrities earn a lot of money now, and first-line or even beyond first-tier artists can make hundreds of millions a year, which is not less than the income of ordinary wealthy families, to upper-class society, no matter how much they earn, artists are still entertainers who provide amusement. 
They are here to entertain people. 
Even ordinary wealthy families are not very willing to marry artists. 
After all, it’s quite common for an artist to be involved with both an uncle and a nephew, and taking one home would inevitably lead to ridicule. 
Let alone top wealthy families. 
For the Heath family, a top wealthy family like this, they shouldn’t be unconcerned about her profession. 
"I will mind, but I will choose to respect you." Ashton Heath looked at her with deep eyes, speaking earnestly, "If filming can make you happy, I won’t stop you. I will try my best to protect you and clear all obstacles in your way." 
"But, you have to promise me one thing." 
"What?" 
"You can’t value filming more than me." The man stated word by word, "I cannot be placed behind your career."
###Chapter 650: Chapter 649: No Scandals with Male Actors Allowed
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t expected she would make such a demand. 
She pursed her lips, holding back a laugh and nodded her head, "Okay, I promise you." 
"Except when you’re working, the rest of your time has to be spent with me." 
"Okay." 
"You are not allowed to have rumours with male actors, and you can’t be interested in any man other than me." 
"...Okay." 
Actually, Joanna wanted to say that she didn’t have control over such rumours. 
Sometimes, the artists themselves don’t want to create any scandals. 
But if the media reporters insist on creating some so-called scandals for traffic, they have no choice. 
However, she’s not famous now, so there’s definitely no chance of scandal. 
No one would be interested in reporting her scandals. 
Reporters aren’t that stupid. 
As they were having a conversation embraced in the lobby, and it was almost boarding time, Joanna hadn’t joined Nina yet, so she called her. 
Barely after the first ring, the other side picked up. 
A voice that sounded quite like a young girl’s rang out: "Joanna, I think I see you. Are you... wearing a white T-shirt with a bear on it and light blue denim shorts, and there’s a very tall man beside you?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Yes. Nina, where are you?" 
"Joanna, I, I’m right behind you." 
The call ended. 
Joanna turned around and saw a girl wearing an oversized black T-shirt, white sneakers, a backpack, and her hair in a ponytail. 
The girl looked almost identical to her photo, even better-looking in person. 
Joanna identified her at a glance. 
"Nina?" 
The moment Joanna turned around, Nina’s eyes lit up. When she looked at Joanna, her eyes went blank and she couldn’t help exclaiming, "Wow, Joanna, you, you’re so beautiful." 
Joanna is one of those people who looks better in person than in photos. 
If she is a fairy in photos, 
Then in person, she is a fairy among fairies. 
Even though Nina is a girl, she was a bit stunned. 
She had seen Joanna’s photos earlier. 
When she learned that she was going to be Joanna’s assistant, she took a well-rounded approach to understanding Joanna. 
When she looked at the photos, she thought Joanna was extremely beautiful. 
She didn’t expect: Joanna in person would look much better than in the photos. 
No wonder, Linda was taking such good care of this newcomer. 
She repeatedly stressed to take good care of Joanna. 
With such good looks, she is bound to be successful in the future. 
"Er..." 
Joanna was somewhat embarrassed by such blunt praise and returned the compliment, "Thank you, you are very beautiful too." 
"No way," Nina shook her head, "Joanna, you’re truly beautiful, I’m at most just not ugly." 
"Who said that? I think you’re very beautiful." 
"Compared to Joanna, I’m just an ugly duckling. You are a great beauty, really, you’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Wow, I’m super excited to be working with someone as beautiful as Joanna." 
"You shouldn’t be so modest. You’re so beautiful, how can you be an ugly duckling? I’m also excited to be working with a pretty girl like you." 
The two started complimenting each other back and forth. 
Ashton Heath from the side: "..." 
Seeing the two of them complimenting each other non-stop and seemingly not able to stop, Ashton Heath decided to interrupt their mutual praises: "Joanna, it’s time to get our boarding passes."
###Chapter 651: Chapter 650: Who Would Bear to Break Up with Such a Handsome Boyfriend?
"Ah, right." 
Having been reminded by Ashton Heath, Joanna Lawrence glanced at the time and only then remembered that she hadn’t yet exchanged her boarding pass. 
She took out her ID, intending to go and change it, but Ashton said, "Give me your ID, I’ll go change it for you." 
"Oh." 
Joanna handed her ID to him. 
Ashton took it, gently touching her head and whispered, "Wait for me here, and don’t wander off." 
"Hmm," Joanna nodded. 
Once Ashton left, 
Nina, unable to suppress the gossip spirit inside her, immediately grabbed Joanna’s hand and excitedly asked, "Joanna, is he, is he your boyfriend?" 
Joanna didn’t hide this matter from Linda, so naturally, she wouldn’t hide it from Nina either. 
Nina was her assistant, and they would be spending a lot of time together in the future. 
Even if Joanna didn’t tell her, Nina would be able to figure it out on her own. 
"Yes," she nodded, "He’s my boyfriend." 
"Wow," Nina’s excited little face flushed red. She twisted her head to look at Ashton, who had already walked away. Staring at that tall figure, she excitedly said, "Joanna, your boyfriend is so handsome, extremely handsome! I swear he’s the highest ranked in looks among all the handsome guys I’ve ever seen." 
"Joanna, is he also a signing artist with the company?" 
Joanna: "...No." 
"Not?" Nina paused, then continued gossiping, "Is he a signing artist with another company then?" 
"...No." 
Seeing that she still wanted to continue gossiping, Joanna couldn’t help but smile and rubbed her forehead, "He’s not an artist. He’s not in the same circle as us." 
"What?!" Nina’s face was full of disbelief, "He’s not an artist? With looks like that, is he not planning to work in the entertainment industry?" 
Joanna shook her head, "He has no such plans." 
"That’s such a pity. I can guarantee that if he wanted to enter the entertainment industry, just by his face alone, he could become very popular. Joanna, now I understand why you’d rather miss a signing opportunity than break up with your boyfriend." 
Joanna: "...Why?" 
Nina’s eyes sparkled, "Having such a handsome boyfriend, who would be willing to break up? Losing a signing opportunity, there will be others in the future, but if you break up with such a handsome boyfriend, you’ll never find one like this again." 
Joanna: "..." 
She suddenly realized that Nina, like Aria Rowlett, is a face-lover. 
* 
Not long after changing the boarding pass, they had to go through ticket inspection. 
Ashton accompanied Joanna to the ticket inspection gate. When he looked down at her, the reluctance in his eyes grew thicker and thicker. 
He reached out to tidy her hair, gently pulled her into his arms, and kissed her gently on the brow, "Baby, take good care of yourself and don’t make me worry." 
"Hmm." 
As they were about to part, Joanna felt an increasing sense of reluctance in her heart. 
She stretched her arms around his waist, pressed her face against his chest: "Take care of yourself too." 
"Okay. After you land, call me right away." 
"Hmm." 
"Wear more clothes before you disembark, it’s cold there; don’t catch a cold." 
"Hmm." 
"If you miss me, you can call me anytime, my phone will be on 24/7." 
"Hmm." 
"Remember, you’re a married woman. Don’t go flirting with young idols." 
"...Hmm." 
"Baby, I’ll miss you every day, you have to miss me every day too." 
"Hmm." 
"Alright, go to the ticket inspection."
###Chapter 652: Chapter 651: He is saying: Baby, I love you.
The man held her face and gently pecked her lips before reluctantly letting her go. 
As Joanna Lawrence walked over to Nina, Nina couldn’t help but exclaim enviously, "Wow, Joanna, you and your boyfriend have such a great relationship! It’s obvious that he loves you so much. Having such a handsome and loving boyfriend, you’re so lucky." 
Ashton Heath was still standing there without leaving. 
Joanna turned to look back at him. 
People came and went in the spacious hall. 
Yet, he stood out as the most eye-catching one. 
Those who passed by him, both men and women, couldn’t help but glance at him. 
Everyone around him was staring at him, but in his eyes, there was only her. 
When she turned her head, he hooked his lip, waved at her, and moved his lips. 
Even though there was some distance between them, Joanna couldn’t hear what he was saying. 
But she understood his lip movements. 
He said: Baby, I love you. 
At that moment, Joanna’s eyes suddenly became moist. 
She truly felt the unwillingness to part. 
There was even an impulse to turn back and run to him. 
"Joanna, are you crying?" Nina noticed Joanna’s reddened eyes and glanced back at Ashton Heath, who was still standing there. Then she asked quietly, "I guess you don’t want to leave your boyfriend, huh? It looks like he doesn’t want to part with you either." 
"Your relationship is really great, I’m so envious."
"Joanna, is this your first time being apart from your boyfriend?" 
"No." Joanna sniffed and forced back her tears. "We had been apart before, but I didn’t go out of town." 
Moreover, they were never apart for such a long period as three months. 
"No wonder." Nina nodded in understanding. "But Frankfurt is not that far from Closia. He can visit you. Is your boyfriend working?" 
"Yes." 
"Then he can visit you on weekends. This way, you two can see each other every week. Hmmm, I guess his income should be enough, right?" 
Joanna: "Yeah, I think it’s enough." 
"Then there’s no problem. He can afford the weekly airfare." 
Joanna: "..." 
Ashton Heath’s income could do more than just afford weekly airfare. 
Even daily airfare wouldn’t be a problem for him. 
"Joanna, what does your boyfriend do?" Nina, being a curious baby, kept asking, "Does he own a company, or does he work for someone else? I think he seems more like a business owner; he doesn’t look like someone who works for others." 
"Well, he owns a small company." 
"A small company?" Nina was stunned, then frowned and said, "I think your boyfriend’s demeanor and aura don’t match that of a small business owner." 
Joanna was amused by her words and couldn’t help but ask, "Then, what does he seem like?" 
"He seems like a super-rich overbearing CEO." Nina thought for a moment and replied seriously, "Maybe the heir to a large financial group or something. Like those in TV series, the young masters from wealthy families." 
Seeing Joanna laughing, she insisted more earnestly, "Really, he looks so much like that! Is it possible that he is actually a wealthy young master or something, and in search of true love, he has been hiding his true identity from you and telling you that he owns a small company?" 
This time, Joanna couldn’t hold back her laughter. 
"Nina, do you like to read overbearing CEO novels in your spare time?"
###Chapter 653: Chapter 652: Your Boyfriend Must Be Madly In Love With You
This imagination, is too rich. 
"Uh, just look at it when you’re bored." Nina scratched her hair sheepishly, "But, Joanna, I really think your boyfriend doesn’t look like a small company boss. I don’t know how to describe it, but just from the first glance, I felt that he has a different aura than ordinary people." 
On this point, Joanna didn’t deny it. 
Ashton Heath indeed had a temperament that was different from ordinary people. 
It was cultivated from growing up in a very privileged environment. 
Ordinary families couldn’t cultivate such a temperament. 
No wonder Nina thought he was a hidden wealthy young master. 
"Wow, Joanna, your boyfriend hasn’t left yet." Nina looked at Ashton Heath, who was still standing in the same spot, and couldn’t help but exclaim, "He has been looking at you all the time, his eyes are so focused. I haven’t seen him look at anyone else except you." 
"Your boyfriend must be crazy in love with you." 
Once Joanna turned around, she saw Ashton Heath standing straight up there, his gaze always looking in her direction, watching her. 
She was about to enter the security checkpoint.
She tried hard to hold back the tears about to fall from her eyes and waved vigorously to him. 
* 
From Closia to Frankfurt, the flight took three hours. 
With Ashton’s reminder, Joanna put on a thin knitted sweater before getting off the plane. 
As soon as she got off the plane, she indeed saw that it was raining outside. 
The climate in Frankfurt was much lower than in Closia, and with the rain, the wind was chilling. 
Thankfully, Joanna had a coat on, so she didn’t feel too cold. 
But Nina, who was wearing a short sleeve T-shirt, couldn’t bear it and huddled up, holding her arms: "Wow, it’s so cold. Why is it raining here? It’s so much colder than Closia!" 
She curiously looked at Joanna wearing a coat and asked, "Joanna, how did you know it was cold outside?" 
After getting off the plane, Joanna took out her phone and called Ashton Heath. 
"My boyfriend checked the weather here before, and he told me to wear an extra coat before getting off the plane." 
Nina was stunned for a few seconds, then almost cried with envy: "Joanna, your boyfriend is really considerate. This is like a fairy tale boyfriend, so enviable." 
With such a good boyfriend, career and other things would definitely take a backseat. 
If she were in Joanna’s shoes, she’d choose her boyfriend first and put her career second! 
Joanna called Ashton Heath, and it took several rings for him to answer. 
"Baby, have you arrived?" The familiar voice came through the phone speaker, deep and teasing, calling her "baby" with a particularly doting tone. 
"Hmm." 
A gust of wind blew by, and Joanna tightened the coat on her body. She followed the crowd onto the airport shuttle bus, "I just arrived, and it’s indeed very cold here. Thanks to your reminder, I wore a coat when I got off the plane, so I didn’t feel too cold." 
"It’s not early anymore, remember to have lunch after you get there." The man’s words were laced with worry, "You must not do anything without eating first, do you hear me?" 
The warmth in Joanna’s heart, she couldn’t help but smile: "Hmm, I got it." 
"President Ashton, the meeting is about to begin." Cody Aberton’s voice came through the phone. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, realizing that Ashton was busy, then immediately said, "You should go to the meeting now. After I arrive at the film crew and report in, I’ll call you again." 
"Baby, I miss you."
###Chapter 654: Chapter 653: It Seems Like She Is Not Well-Received
Instead of hanging up immediately, Ashton Heath let out a deep sigh through the phone: "I’m kind of regretting it now." 
"...What do you regret?" 
The man’s sigh felt like it was being whispered right into her ear. 
"I regret being so understanding. I should have been more selfish, tied you to me, and not let you go anywhere. That way, whenever I miss you, I can see you right away." 
"..." 
"That won’t do." Knowing he was joking, Joanna Lawrence also teased, "That’s illegal confinement, and it’s against the law." 
"I’m willing to break the law for you." 
"..." 
"Uh... President Ashton..." Cody Aberton’s feeble voice sounded again, "Everyone is waiting for you." 
Ashton Heath suddenly let out a cold laugh: "Cody, you’re quite competent as my assistant." 
"Uh, President Ashton, I..." 
"Baby, I’ll go have my meeting first. Be safe on your journey, and let me know when you get there." 
"Alright." 
Knowing that Ashton Heath was busy, Joanna Lawrence didn’t say anything else and quickly hung up the phone. 
* 
After collecting their luggage, Joanna and Nina hailed a taxi to the hotel where the film crew was staying to report. 
An hour later, they arrived at the hotel. 
The so-called reporting process was just a registration, and the official film shooting would start on the second day. 
Joanna Lawrence arrived early. 
She was the first actress in the TV series to register. 
Waiting for the elevator after she had registered, she ran into Maddox Allenson, the lead actor of the crew. 
As the elevator doors opened, and Maddox walked out, she hadn’t even reacted when she heard Nina beside her cover her mouth and let out a shriek. 
"Ms. Joanna, we meet again." 
Maddox Allenson also noticed Joanna standing outside the elevator, and without any superstar airs, he took the initiative to greet her. 
Joanna looked up at Maddox’s fresh and beautiful face, and after a few seconds of stupefaction, she responded, "Tu, Mr. Allenson, hello... " 
Maddox Allenson: "..." 
"Didn’t I tell you not to call me senior? Our age... should be about the same. Calling me senior makes me feel like I’m much older." 
"But calling you by your first name, I feel disrespectful." 
"... " 
"How about I call you Mr. Allenson?" 
Maddox Allenson hesitated for a moment, and then helplessly smiled: "...Whatever." 
"Little Tutu, it’s getting late. You have to meet an advertiser later, so hurry up and register first." Maddox’s agent glanced at Joanna as if she was a thief and then stood in front of Maddox, almost completely shielding him. 
Although Little Tutu said he didn’t like this Joanna girl. 
But still, he must be cautious. 
This girl’s face...is too eye-catching. 
Even if Little Tutu doesn’t like her now, who knows if he might like her in the future. 
Little Tutu’s career is on the rise. 
He can’t be affected by these lovey-dovey things. 
He mustn’t let these overly beautiful women have too much contact with Little Tutu. 
Joanna looked at the agent’s actions and felt somewhat speechless. 
Maddox Allenson’s agent seemed to really dislike her. 
Last time, he was afraid she would use Maddox for publicity, and he guarded her like she was a menace. 
This time it was the same... 
Does she really look like the scheming, attention-seeking woman who loves to take advantage of other people’s fame?
###Chapter 655: Chapter 654: She Never Intended to Deliberately Get Close to Him
However, she soon thought about the many instances where female artists had forcefully shipped themselves with Maddox Allenson recently. 
For example, just a few days ago, she saw an entertainment news story. 
It was about a female artist who had appeared on a variety show with Maddox. During the show, they had some interactions. 
But overall, their interactions were limited. 
Nevertheless, her fans forcibly applied various "romantic filters" and deliberately edited many so-called "sweet interactions." 
Although Maddox did not rise to fame as an Idol, he is one of the most popular young idols in today’s entertainment industry, garnering lots of female fans. 
Naturally, they could not bear the shipping of their beloved Maddox by the female artist’s fans. 
So, a large number of Maddox’s fans went to that female artist’s blog to criticize her. 
They scolded her severely. 
And even got her on the hot search list. 
Unbelievably, she became infamous through this method. 
She made it to the top ten on the hot search list for three consecutive days. 
Even before this, there had been other female artists who had used the same strategy. 
Deliberately shipping themselves with Maddox, trying to gain fame by riding his popularity. 
Even if it meant becoming infamous, as long as they were noticed. 
Having no recognition was worse. 
Perhaps Maddox’s agent had grown wary of these female artists leeching off his client’s popularity. 
So, whenever they saw a female artist get close to Maddox, their instincts told them that she was there to gain fame from their client’s popularity. 
Thinking about this made Joanna feel less resentful. 
Since they had such concerns, she decided to avoid contact with Maddox as much as possible. 
After all, as male artists like Maddox with such high status, they were not on the same level as her. 
She had never intentionally tried to get close to him. 
"Mr. Allenson, since you are busy, we will not interrupt any longer. I have to pack as well. So, we’ll be leaving now. Goodbye." 
Worried that Maddox’s agent would think she was scheming to get attention, Joanna didn’t wait for Maddox to respond and pulled Nina away from him. 
"Joanna, wait a minute..." 
Nina was dragged into the elevator, her eyes still fixated on Maddox outside. She sounded anxious, "Joanna, I want to get an autograph. Don’t rush away, wait for me." 
The elevator was about to close. 
Nina quickly pressed the door open button, and dashed out like a gust of wind once the door opened. 
Joanna saw her run up to Maddox, take off her backpack and rummage around to find a pen and a notebook. Then, blushing, she asked Maddox if he could sign an autograph for her. 
Maddox was taken aback for a few seconds before accepting the pen and notebook with a smile and quickly signing his name. 
After signing, he handed back the notebook to Nina. 
Nina took it, looked at his signature repeatedly, and couldn’t help but smile so wide that her eyes squinted into slits. 
It was clear how happy she was. 
Nina returned triumphantly, still cradling the notebook. 
"Joanna, look, Maddox signed an autograph for me, and even gave me a blessing!" Nina showed off the notebook, "Wow, he’s so friendly and approachable, not conceited at all." 
"And his handwriting is so beautiful, just like him." 
"Now I know why he’s so popular. Handsome, kind, and humble - if someone like this doesn’t make it big, it’s simply an injustice."
###Chapter 656: Chapter 655: Special Care for Her
"I’m going to have this autograph framed and preserved. I’ll take it out and look at it every night before going to bed, and I’m sure it’ll make me sleep especially well." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Joanna, you don’t understand the mentality of us little fans. You don’t know how excited I was when I saw him. My heart almost jumped out of my chest. I really love Maddox Allenson, don’t you think he’s incredibly handsome?" 
"Oh, right, I forgot that your boyfriend is super handsome too. No wonder you didn’t react much to seeing Maddox. You must be immune to good looks from seeing your boyfriend all the time." 
"To be honest, even though I’m a fan of Maddox, I think your boyfriend is a bit more manly. Maddox seems... too much like a young boy." 
"Well, how to put it... Maddox is the type suitable for dating, while your boyfriend is suitable for both dating and marriage."
"However, although Maddox is a nice guy, his agent isn’t that likable. When I went to ask Maddox for an autograph earlier, his agent tried to stop me." 
The elevator doors slowly closed. 
Listening to Nina chatter nonstop in her ear, Joanna thought for a moment and couldn’t help but remind her: "Nina, in the future, don’t go looking for Maddox unless you have to. He probably won’t mind, but his agent definitely won’t like us going to see him." 
"Why?" Nina blinked, "Is normal communication not allowed?" 
Joanna thought for a moment and tactfully said, "I’m still a relatively unknown artist, but he’s already very famous. If I go see him often, people will gossip. Besides, his fans are not to be trifled with, and I don’t want to... cause trouble." 
Nina quickly understood. 
"I got it, Joanna." She nodded, "No wonder his agent tried to stop me. Did he think that we want to ride Maddox’s coattails? Joanna, that’s so not like you." 
"You can’t blame him. There are indeed quite a few female artists trying to ride Maddox’s coattails. He must be afraid. In any case, as long as there’s no particular reason, it’s better to have less contact." 
* 
The film crew arranged for the rooms to be in the hotel where they registered. 
It was a five-star hotel. 
It had to be said, the film crew was quite generous. 
They arranged a business suite for Joanna, a two-room suite, one for her and one for Nina. 
The suite was also very nice. 
Moreover, the hotel was by the sea, and Joanna’s room on the 28th floor had a large floor-to-ceiling window where she could see the sea view not far away. 
"Wow, the room is amazing." Nina exclaimed in surprise as she pushed the door open and walked in, "It’s a suite! Is this room really just for the two of us? This is too luxurious." 
Usually, such a business suite would be reserved for at least Female Lead 2, if not higher. 
For someone like Joanna playing Female Lead 3, her room shouldn’t be this nice. 
Joanna also knew this well. 
Her being able to stay in a business suite must be because Yannick Luther had already talked to Gary White about it. 
This was Gary White’s special treatment for her. 
Joanna didn’t make a fuss about it, refusing the room out of fear that others would say she used her connections. 
A business suite was definitely more comfortable than an ordinary room. 
She still had to shoot the TV series here for three more months. 
Filming was already a tiring job, and if the accommodations were poor, it would be even harder to endure.
###Chapter 657: Chapter 656: It’s Quite Good to Be a Nepotist
She prefers to stay comfortably. 
After all, she’s not staying in the presidential suite. 
Not many people should notice such a thing. 
"Wow, you can see the sea view from here, it’s so amazing." After Nina put her luggage in the room, she started exploring the decorations in the room. 
She plunged onto the soft bed energetically, hugged the pillow, and said with her eyes squinting into lines, "This bed is so big and soft. Great, I’ll be able to sleep well for the next few months. The film crew is really thoughtful and generous, I thought we were going to stay in an ordinary standard room." 
Joanna pursed her lips without saying anything. 
If it weren’t for Gary White’s special concern, she would be in a standard room. 
At times like this, she felt that it was quite good to be nepotistic. 
"Joanna, should we tidy up our stuff first, or should we eat first?" 
Nina rolled around a few times on the bed with her pillow, then slowly sat up. 
Just when Joanna was about to answer her, the notification sound from Twitter rang out. 
When she opened it, it was a message from Ashton Heath: Have you arrived at your place? Have you eaten yet? Remember to eat, don’t starve yourself. 
She stared at the message for a while, couldn’t help but curl her lips upwards. Her heart was sweet as if it has been soaked with honey. 
It feels so good to be remembered by someone. 
After thinking about it, she quickly replied: Just arrived at the hotel room and put the luggage away, about to go out for a meal. And you? 
Ashton Heath replied instantly: I am also going to eat. How’s the environment of the place you are staying, are you satisfied? 
Joanna Lawrence: Very satisfied, the film crew has arranged a business suite for us, next to the sea, we can see the sea view anytime. Did you ask Yannick Luther to arrange it? 
Ashton Heath: Yes, you must stay comfortably whilst travelling. If I am not afraid that arranging too well might negatively impact you, I would have arranged the presidential suite for you. 
Joanna Lawrence: No, this is good enough. 
Ashton Heath: It’s getting late, go for a meal now. 
Joanna Lawrence: Okay, I will go for a meal now. By the way, what are you going to have for lunch? 
Ashton Heath: Not sure yet, what about you? 
Joanna thought for a moment and answered: I don’t know either, will check it out once we reach downstairs. 
Ashton Heath: Okay, before you eat, send me a picture to show me what you’re eating. 
Joanna Lawrence: Sure, and you should also send me a picture, I also want to see what you’re eating. 
Ashton Heath: Okay. 
* 
When she got downstairs. 
Joanna Lawrence and Nina searched around and surprisingly found an Escargot Pasta restaurant. 
They both love Escargot Pasta, so they quickly agreed and decided to have Escargot Pasta for lunch. 
As soon as they stepped into the restaurant, an unpleasant odor wafted over. 
Nina took a deep breath, showing a face of indulgence and said, "I haven’t had Escargot Pasta in a long time, the smell of it makes me drool. Later, I must ask the Boss to add more pickles, I love the pickles in the Escargot Pasta most." 
The two found a place to sit. 
They each ordered a family bucket from the restaurant. 
The family bucket is filled with lots of side dishes. 
All of them were their favorites. 
After a while, the waiter came out with two super big bowls. 
After placing them on the table, Nina immediately couldn’t wait to take a fork, took a bite, and then let out a sigh of satisfaction, "This is the flavor I wanted, it’s so tasty!" 
Joanna remembered the promise she made to Ashton, so she took her phone and took a picture to send it to him.
After a few seconds, Ashton replied: What is this?
###Chapter 658: Chapter 657: President Ashton... Are you sure you want to eat it?
"Joanna Lawrence took a bite of a marinated egg and answered, "Escargot Pasta, it’s incredibly tasty." 
* 
Elsewhere. 
Ashton Heath, who was still waiting for Cody Aberton to bring back the takeout, saw the message Joanna had sent. In a split second, he called Cody. 
"Hello, President Ashton." 
"Cancel the previous takeout order, now go buy some Escargot Pasta, I’m having Escargot Pasta for lunch today." 
If his wife said it’s super delicious, then it surely was delicious. 
On the smartphone, it was unclear whether Cody Aberton hadn’t heard him clearly or was surprised, he didn’t respond for a while. 
Just as Ashton’s patience was wearing thin, Cody’s trembling voice resonated, "President Ashton, did you just say...you want to eat Escargot Pasta?" 
"Is there a problem? Don’t tell me you can’t find it." Ashton’s voice dropped a pitch, indicating evident displeasure. 
"Of course not," Cody hastily replied, "Just, President Ashton, are you sure you want to eat Escargot Pasta? Do you know what that is?" 
"What about it?" 
"Well, it’s just that its flavor might be a bit strange, President Ashton. If you’ve never eaten it before, I fear...you might not like it. And, it will leave an unusual smell in your office for a prolonged period. President Ashton... Are you really sure you want to eat it?" 
Half an hour later. 
Cody brought a bag of Escargot Pasta back. 
He knocked on the door, and upon receiving permission, he walked in. 
Upon entering, he saw his boss engrossed with his phone, staring at the screen intently. 
At first glance... he was chatting with someone. 
As for the person he was chatting with, it could be easily guessed. 
Moreover, he speculated that the sudden and unusual demand from President Ashton to eat Escargot Pasta must have something to do with the person he was chatting with. 
He has been working for President Ashton for many years now. 
He’s never seen President Ashton eat Escargot Pasta before. 
His boss, President Ashton, probably didn’t even know what Escargot Pasta was. 
He is really trying hard to keep up with his wife’s pace. 
He thought, if one day President Ashton asked him to buy blue cheese, he probably wouldn’t... be too surprised. 
"President Ashton, here is the Escargot Pasta you ordered." 
Cody took out the box and placed it on the desk. Just before leaving, he glanced at the Escargot Pasta on the desk, a reluctance to speak clearly showed on his face. 
Should he... remind President Ashton once more? 
As a qualified and responsible assistant, he felt he should offer another reminder. 
Ashton looked up at him, "Whatever you want to say, just say it." 
"Um, President Ashton..." Cody pointed at the box on the desk, and in a rather tactful manner, said, "The moment you open the box, you might smell a rather odd scent, I think... maybe you should..." 
"Get out." 
Before he could finish his sentence, Ashton Heath coldly dismissed him. 
Cody: "..." 
"Alright, President Ashton, I’ll leave then. If you need anything else, just let me know." 
Before Cody left, he glanced one last time at the well-sealed box of Escargot Pasta. 
He started to imagine what kind of expression President Ashton would make once he opens the box. 
Cody had once tasted this Escargot Pasta. 
The taste was nice, very tasty. 
It’s just that the smell was quite strong. 
Last time he cooked a bag at home, a neighbor came knocking on his door asking if he blew up the toilet bowl. 
The most fatal part was, the smell lingered for a long time, even until the next day, it had not completely subsided. 
Cody had initially thought President Ashton wouldn’t enjoy the taste. 
And, surely he wouldn’t get used to that smell.
###Chapter 659: Chapter 658: President Ashton, isn’t this difficult to execute?
After leaving the office, he stood outside without moving. 
He thought that it wouldn’t be long before President Ashton would ask him back in and have him take the bowl of Escargot Pasta out to be thrown away. 
He was already prepared for this. 
But after waiting for more than ten minutes, there was no call from President Ashton. 
Just as Cody Aberton began to doubt his life choices, his phone finally rang. 
He took it out and saw that it was a message from Ashton Heath, asking him to go to the mall and buy a set of clothes. 
* 
Half an hour later, Cody returned with the clothes and knocked on the office door. 
As soon as he walked in, he smelled a familiar sweet stench. 
At the same time. 
The break room door opened, and Ashton Heath came out wrapped in a towel, reaching out a hand to him. 
Cody immediately handed over the bag with the clothes. 
He glanced at the lunchbox on the office desk, and when he saw that only a little Escargot Pasta was left, his whole being was filled with doubt again. 
Did President Ashton actually eat the Escargot Pasta? 
And so much of it! 
Unable to contain his curiosity, he couldn’t help but ask, "President Ashton, did you find the Escargot Pasta tasty?" 
"Well, the taste was not bad," Ashton Heath said as he untied the towel, pulled out a black shirt from the bag, put it on, and buttoned it up one by one with his slender fingers, "it was just a bit too spicy, so next time tell the Boss to put less chili." 
Cody: "" 
He wasn’t giving up: "Don’t you think the taste is weird?" 
"Of course it’s weird." Ashton Heath finished putting on the shirt, looked up, his cold eyes falling on Cody, and narrowed, "So your next task is to get rid of this damn smell in the office." 
Cody: "" 
His lip twitched: "President Ashton, isn’t that difficult to do?" 
Last time, he wanted to get rid of the awful smell at home, but after trying many methods, none of them worked. 
Ashton’s eyes narrowed again: "Oh, really?" 
Cody: "...No, it’s not. I just thought about it, and it might not be that hard. President Ashton, rest assured, I’ll complete the task and ensure a fresh and pleasant environment for your office." 
Ashton Heath changed into his clothes, picked up his phone from the desk, turned around, and walked out, "Move all my files and computer to the room next door." 
He reached the office door, and his phone "dinged." 
He unlocked the screen, and it showed- 
babybaby: How was it? Was it good? 
The man’s sexy thin lips rose slowly, revealing a doting smile. He tapped the screen and typed in three words: Yes, delicious. 
babybaby: You think it’s good too? Really, you’re not lying to me? 
Ashton Heath: I’m not lying to you, I finished it all. 
babybaby: There’s a place in Closia that sells super authentic Escargot Pasta, right behind our school. When I come back, I’ll take you there. 
Ashton Heath: Okay. 
babybaby: It’s a promise then, okay? 
Ashton Heath: Okay. 
* 
On the first night in Frankfurt, Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath chatted all night long. 
When she woke up the next morning, the call duration between the two showed as nine hours. 
Since Ashton was there to comfort her, she didn’t suffer from insomnia due to being in a strange place. She slept soundly all night. 
When she woke up, she was refreshed. 
After getting out of bed, she sent a good morning message to Ashton Heath and then went to the bathroom to freshen up. 
The hotel provided breakfast.
###Chapter 660: Chapter 659: Gary White with a Shaved Beard
Joanna quickly got ready, and after having breakfast with Nina, they followed the other crew members to take the film crew’s car to the shooting base. 
Top-tier artists like Maddox Allenson have their own nanny cars. 
So they don’t have to share a car with them. 
Basically, mid-level artists also have nanny cars. 
Only rookies like Joanna, who don’t have much fame, would ride the same car as crew members. 
Most of the crew members were men. 
Upon seeing such a beautiful young girl in the car, they couldn’t help but take a few more glances, and some young men even blushed. 
Being in this industry, they’ve naturally seen lots of handsome men and beautiful women. 
However, they haven’t seen many young girls with such an ethereal and refreshing look. 
Moreover, this young girl looked completely natural, her face hadn’t been touched by surgery. 
Whenever a face had been altered, it would inevitably appear somewhat unnatural. 
For example, Lisha Alcock, the Female Lead 1 in this production. 
Lisha was beautiful, but her surgically-enhanced face made her seem unnatural, even though she looked fine on-camera. 
In terms of looks, the young girl before them was definitely more beautiful than Lisha. 
However, selecting roles isn’t solely based on appearance, so while looks might be a factor, they’re not the most important one. 
Although Lisha’s face might be somewhat stiff, her acting skills were good, and she was also quite famous. 
An hour later, they arrived at the shooting base. 
The shooting base was located on a beach, and as soon as Joanna got off the car, she saw a nanny car parked in front of them. First, someone holding an umbrella got off, followed by someone else carrying a water bottle and a bag. 
"Joanna, that’s Lisha Alcock!"
Nina looked at the woman who finally stepped out of the car, her eyes shining, and whispered, "Lisha is one of the most popular actresses right now. She’s so young but has already won a Best Actress Award, which is super impressive among her peers." 
"She’s quite beautiful, but her face doesn’t look as natural as it used to." 
"Keep your voice down." 
Joanna was also watching Lisha, and she whispered back, "We mustn’t let them hear us." 
Lisha didn’t look as stunning in person as she did in her photos. 
But she was still quite attractive. 
Her face had the classic features of a beauty, with a tall, slender figure and fair skin. She wore a tight-fitting red dress that accentuated her body. 
Perhaps worried about getting a tan, she wore a silver-grey sun-protective jacket over her red dress. 
She also wore a large sun-protective bucket hat on her head. 
One assistant held an umbrella above her head, shielding her from the glaring sunlight. 
Another assistant opened the water bottle and handed it to her, saying respectfully, "Lisha, have some water." 
Lisha took it and lazily took a sip. 
Perhaps she hadn’t had a good night’s sleep, as she looked a bit sluggish, exuding an air of laziness. 
Suddenly, her eyes lit up, the previously lackluster gaze now filled with excitement, as she looked in a certain direction. 
Joanna and Nina followed her gaze, and upon seeing the man who got out of the black Maybach not far away, they instantly understood why Lisha was suddenly so excited. 
The man who got out of the Maybach was Gary White. 
And it was a clean-shaven Gary White.
###Chapter 661: Chapter 660: Tsk Tsk, Indeed Quite Alluring
Joanna Lawrence almost didn’t recognize him. 
The day of her audition, Gary White hadn’t shaved, and he looked completely different now that he had. 
Without his beard, he looked at least six or seven years younger. 
With the beard, he appeared much more mature. 
Now, he even had a bit of a young idol vibe. 
If she didn’t know his identity, Joanna would think he was an actor the film crew had hired. 
After all, Gary White’s looks were definitely exceptional amongst directors in the entertainment industry. 
He could even debut as an actor himself. 
As soon as Gary White got out of the car, not only did Lisha Alcock’s eyes light up, but Joanna noticed that the eyes of all the female actors and other female staff in the crew did as well. 
Not caring that she would be exposed to the sun, Lisha left the shelter of her umbrella, stepped into a pair of ten-centimeter-tall red high heels, and quickly walked towards Gary White. 
Some female actors who were closer to Gary White wanted to go over and greet him. 
But as soon as they saw Lisha approaching, all the female actors took a step back. 
It was as if they were apprehensive about something. 
Seeing this, Nina’s eyes widened, and she whispered in awe, "Joanna, did you see that? They all seem to be afraid of Lisha. Does she have a bad temper? I thought everyone said she has a great personality, down-to-earth, and no airs about her." 
Joanna saw it too. 
After a few seconds of silence, she speculated, "It’s probably because Lisha has a higher status. This is a kind of...respectful behavior towards seniors?" 
"Really?" Nina looked at Lisha, who had already reached Gary White, thought for a moment, and nodded. "Maybe. But Joanna, is that really Director White? He looks so young and handsome in person." 
"Yes, that’s Director White." 
"He is really young, looking just like a young idol. With those looks, he could be the lead actor of the crew himself." 
Nina stared at Lisha for a few seconds, then suddenly lowered her voice, "No wonder Lisha was so excited. As soon as she saw Director White, she immediately went over. I heard he’s an affluent offspring, his family is very rich, and he’s directing films purely out of interest. He’s the kind of person who’ll be forced to inherit billions in family wealth if his films aren’t successful. And with his good looks..." 
"Sheesh, he’s indeed quite tempting." 
"I bet all the female actors in the entertainment industry want to win him over." 
Joanna: "..." 
She found that Nina and Aria Rowlett were indeed quite similar. 
Not only were they both superficial, but they were also equally gossipy. 
However, Lisha’s reaction just now did seem a bit too obvious. 
Joanna watched Lisha go over to Gary White, smiling beautifully and greeting him. Gary White nodded, and after exchanging a few words, suddenly raised his head and looked directly at Joanna. 
Joanna was watching him and Lisha at the time. 
As soon as Gary White looked up, his gaze met Joanna’s. 
For a brief moment, Joanna stared at him, startled. 
Just as she was hesitating whether or not to go over and greet him, Gary White walked towards her. 
Under the surprised and bewildered stares of those around them, he walked straight to Joanna and took the initiative to greet her: "Did you sleep well last night? Did you come here in the crew’s car today?" 
Joanna’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Nina, standing beside her, was also astonished.
###Chapter 662: Chapter 661: Just a yellow-haired girl, still very tender
People around were even more surprised by his two questions, their jaws almost dropping to the ground. 
Holy shit. 
What’s going on here? 
What kind of relationship does this newcomer have with Director White? 
Not only did he take the initiative to greet her, but those two questions, although they sounded normal and unremarkable, seemed like a conversation between acquaintances. 
And the kind of acquaintance with a good relationship. 
He didn’t even speak so casually to Lisha Alcock just now. 
Originally, since Joanna was a newcomer, not many people paid much attention to her. 
But after Gary White’s greeting, everyone present began to quietly guess the nature of their relationship. 
Many people also started to secretly pay attention to Joanna. 
Not far behind. 
Lisha Alcock first showed a dumbfounded expression, then after a few seconds, her face darkened and she looked at Joanna with a hint of coldness. 
When she saw Joanna’s appearance clearly, she hesitated for several seconds, and her face became even more ugly. 
She bit her lip, pinched her palm with her nails, and then turned her head to ask her assistant who was holding an umbrella for her, "Who is that woman? Is she a friend of Director White’s?" 
She hadn’t noticed it before. 
The assistant glanced at Joanna and then shook his head, whispering, "I don’t know her, but it seems like she has a good relationship with Director White. To be greeted by him voluntarily, she must be a close acquaintance." 
Lisha suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of crisis. 
She bit her lip, furrowed her eyebrows, and turned to look at Joanna again. 
Her gaze fell on that exquisite and beautiful face without a single flaw, and her eyebrows couldn’t help but furrow tighter, the sense of crisis becoming more and more intense.
She asked with a bit of irritation, "What do you think of that woman’s appearance?" 
The assistant had been with Lisha for several years. 
So, naturally, he knew about her thoughts on Gary White. 
When he heard her question, he hesitated for a moment, looked at her face, then carefully replied after a few seconds, "Not bad, she looks pretty good. But compared to you, Lisha, she’s still far off." 
After hearing this, Lisha’s gloomy face eased a little. 
But she still didn’t look very happy. 
Looking at Joanna’s shiny white skin, she couldn’t help but feel a touch of jealousy, "Really? I think she looks pretty good, and it seems like Director White likes her, too." 
"How could that be possible? She looks like an underage girl, with no femininity at all. There’s no way Director White would like that kind of little girl." 
The assistant thought to himself that the young lady was indeed beautiful, dazzlingly so. 
Although she seemed young, she was not the kind of "little girl with no femininity" he had described. 
He had just glanced at her, and his heartbeat still hadn’t settled down. 
That look made him remember his first love. 
A girl he had a crush on in senior high school. 
This girl was much prettier and more innocent than the goddess he secretly loved. 
Absolute straight male’s favorite type. 
But he dared not say that out loud. 
If he said that the girl was beautiful, Lisha would definitely tell him to get lost immediately. 
"You’re right." Lisha’s face finally showed a bit of a smile, as she sneered, "Just a little girl, still very immature." 
She was not worth being her rival at all. 
She didn’t know what was wrong with her just now, actually feeling threatened. 
A man like Gary White would like mature, sexy women.
###Chapter 663: Chapter 662: So He Really Fancies Her, Right?
That kind of naive little girl, even if she was somewhat pretty, was not his type. 
She... had no need to worry at all. 
However, she still needed to figure out the relationship between that little girl and Gary White. 
Otherwise, she would always feel uneasy. 
Joanna was completely unaware that in just a short minute, Lisha Alcock had considered her a potential love rival. 
Then in another minute, she was removed from the list of potential love rivals. 
"Thank you for your concern, Director White. I slept well last night and came here on the crew’s bus today." After a few seconds of dazed silence, Joanna responded, taking a deep breath and trying to ignore the meaningful gazes around her. 
Gary White nodded: "That’s good. But you can take my car here in the future. Just give me a call before you leave, and I’ll take you to the film crew together." 
"Oh, I forgot, you still don’t have my contact information." 
Gary White took out his cell phone, and with the increasingly astonished gazes of the people around him, he said to Joanna, "Give me your phone number, I’ll call you." 
Joanna could hear a gasp of surprise. 
Even she herself stared wide-eyed in amazement. 
Lisha Alcock, who had already relaxed her vigilance towards her and hadn’t taken her seriously, darkened her face the moment she heard Gary White asking for her contact information. 
It was extremely unpleasant to look at. 
Others looked at Joanna with a significant gaze. 
They overturned some of the previous guesses and reevaluated the relationship between the two. 
Apparently, this newcomer didn’t have Director White’s contact information yet. 
So, they were definitely not close friends. 
How could friends not have each other’s contact information? 
If they’re not friends, all of Director White’s actions seemed like he was attracted to this newcomer. 
Greeting her proactively, asking for her contact information... 
It seemed like he was into her. 
Oh my. 
This newcomer was really lucky. 
She was actually noticed by Director White. 
With a top-notch, high-quality man like Director White, he was one of the big shots that many female entertainers wanted to cling to. However, Director White was a man with high standards in feelings, and none of those female entertainers who wanted to cling to him succeeded. 
There were countless female entertainers who knocked on Director White’s door, actively seeking the "hidden rules." 
They were all rejected. 
It is said that even the international actress Miss Purser, who tried to seduce him and only asked for "a one-night stand," was rejected by him. 
She was an extremely attractive beauty. 
So, Director White actually prefers the pure-type female actresses? 
No wonder he rejected Miss Purser. 
Miss Purser was indeed beautiful but belonged to the sexy type, not walking the innocent route. 
Being liked by Gary White meant something that the female actresses in the entertainment industry knew very well. 
It was like hugging a golden thigh that led to Sunny Boulevard. 
The female actresses present were envious and jealous. 
More than that, they were in a mood to watch a good show. 
After all, who didn’t know about Lisha Alcock’s intentions? 
Although she had never openly pursued Gary White, she had hardly concealed her feelings for him. 
Perhaps... 
This newcomer was already being watched by Lisha Alcock. 
She might not have an easy time in the future. 
With Gary White’s status, even if he really liked this newcomer, how long could he continue to like her?
###Chapter 664: Chapter 663: If there’s anything in the future, feel free to call me
Perhaps it’s just a fleeting interest. 
Today they like you; tomorrow, they may not. 
When they lose interest, that newbie will be in trouble. 
Anyone who offends Lisha Alcock will have a hard time. 
"Director White, there’s no need for all this. It’s too much trouble," said Joanna Lawrence, knowing that Gary White was only giving her special treatment because of Yannick Luther. 
But others didn’t understand this. 
Seeing the meaningful gazes of the people around her, Joanna couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable and uneasy. 
"I will just take the crew’s bus." 
Frank raised his eyebrows: "Are you sure?" 
"Yes, I’m sure!" Joanna nodded, "Thank you for your kindness, but I really don’t want to trouble you." 
She deliberately emphasized the "you" in her speech. 
She wanted everyone around her to know that she and Gary White had no special relationship. 
But it seemed to have little effect. 
Those present had already imagined all sorts of connections between her and Gary White. 
They looked at her with suggestive expressions. 
Frank didn’t insist. He tapped his phone screen with his slender fingers and said, "Fine, the crew’s bus is fine too. Just take down my contact information. If you have any problems in the future, you can call me." 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt that Frank’s words somehow made their relationship even more prone to misunderstanding...
But she could refuse his offer to drive her to the film shooting. 
Rejecting to exchange contact details, especially in public, would be just too ungrateful. 
It was also a loss of face for Frank. 
Thinking that they were already misunderstood, and that nothing would make a difference, Joanna reluctantly gave Frank her phone number with a resigned attitude. 
Frank dialed the number she gave him, watched her save the contact, and then left. 
As soon as he left, the quiet scene instantly became bustling. 
Groups of three or five gathered together, looking at Joanna and whispering among themselves. 
"Joanna, you know Director White?" Nina asked curiously, recovering from her shock. 
After saving the phone number, Joanna locked her phone, thought for a moment, and replied, "...Not really." 
She had only met Gary White once during the audition. 
Just that one time. 
They had only met twice in total. 
"But, Director White just now..." Like the others, Nina speculated whether Frank had any romantic interest in Joanna. After all, his actions seemed quite obvious. 
She didn’t know Frank personally, but she had heard things about him. 
A wealthy young master with no interest in inheriting his family’s trillion-dollar industry, he preferred to be a director and attended a college majoring in performance-related studies. 
Because of his prominent family background and talent, he had a meteoric rise in the entertainment industry. 
Many directors had to cater to the investors when making films. 
But not Frank. 
Investors catered to him. 
He was also one of the investors for each film he directed. 
Thus, he was a very proud man. 
He didn’t take just anyone seriously. 
Of course, he wouldn’t give out his contact information easily. 
In fact, very few people had Frank’s contact information. 
For him to proactively give out his phone number was even rarer. 
Especially since Joanna was still a newcomer who couldn’t be any newer.
###Chapter 665: Chapter 664: Ms. Joanna, can I ask you some questions?
Under normal circumstances, Gary White wouldn’t have taken the initiative to speak to her. 
Given all these factors, the most likely possibility is that Gary White fell in love with her at first sight and took a fancy to her. 
Thinking about it, this doesn’t seem strange. 
Joanna Lawrence has such stunning beauty that even she, as a woman, couldn’t help but be amazed. 
In men’s eyes, her beauty probably increases by a few notches. 
"Joanna, do you think Director White has taken a fancy to you?" Nina, who’s quite straightforward, didn’t think too much and just asked, "You’re so beautiful. I think Director White must have fallen in love with you at first sight." 
"Director White is quite a catch, you know? He’s a well-known wealthy bachelor in the industry. Many female celebrities want to sleep with him. However, you already have a boyfriend, and he’s quite outstanding. It seems that Director White is bound to be heartbroken." 
Joanna: "..." 
What the hell? 
Gary White fancied her? 
Smirking at the corner of her mouth, Joanna touched her forehead and laughed, "Don’t overthink it, it’s not like that at all." 
"I’m not overthinking." Nina said seriously, "I think there’s a great possibility. Otherwise, why would he be so proactive in giving you his contact information? I think not only me but also everyone else must be thinking the same." 
"Joanna, what do you plan to do? If he really confesses his love to you, will you reject him directly?" 
"Wouldn’t that make him lose face, and then angrily kick you out of the film crew?" 
"Enough, stop it!" 
Joanna couldn’t take it anymore. She pulled Nina aside and said in a low voice, "My relationship with Director White is not what you think. My boyfriend has a friend who’s pretty close with him. When he found out I was going to be in the TV series, he asked him to take care of me a little." 
"So, don’t overthink it anymore." 
Nina was stunned and then raised her head in surprise, "Joanna, have you never doubted your boyfriend’s true identity?" 
"How could someone who runs a small company have such impressive friends?" 
"I’ve told you before that your boyfriend must be an overbearing boss, but you didn’t believe me." 
"Perhaps the friend your boyfriend mentioned is actually himself. Look at Gary White’s status. If he could be so caring towards you just from a friend’s recommendation, that means they must be very close. But if their backgrounds are too different, how could they be such good friends?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She was clearly explaining her relationship with Gary White. 
But how did it tie in with the overbearing boss again? 
This girl must have read too many novels about overbearing bosses. 
Joanna was about to persuade Nina to read fewer novels like this when a voice suddenly rang out behind her. 
"Ms. Joanna." 
It was a woman’s voice, coquettish and enchanting, giving a very feminine impression. 
Joanna was stunned for a moment, and when she turned her head to see Lisha Alcock, she couldn’t help but be taken aback again. 
She was stunned for a few seconds before she finally reacted, nodded to Lisha Alcock, and greeted, "Miss Alcock, hello." 
As Lisha Alcock was older than her. 
And she’d joined the industry earlier. 
Moreover, Lisha had starred in several critically acclaimed TV series and won a Best Actress Award. 
As a newcomer, it was only right for Joanna to call her a senior. 
Lisha Alcock accepted the title gracefully, her cherry lips slightly hooked as she spoke softly, "Ms. Joanna, may I ask you a few questions?" 
Joanna was startled again, then replied, "Please go ahead, Miss Alcock."
###Chapter 666: Chapter 665: Since You Are Still a Newcomer, You Should Have the Self-awareness of a Newcomer
Lisha Alcock pursed her lips, her long eyeliner slightly upturned, giving her a sharp and imposing look. "Do you know Director White? Are you close to him?" 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned and looked at her in surprise. 
Without waiting for her answer, Lisha continued to bombard her with questions. "Are you an actress in our film crew? You look quite unfamiliar. Are you a newcomer? I heard that on the audition day, Director White chose a Female Lead 3 on the spot. Was that you?" 
"Director White just gave you his contact details. Can you give me his phone number?" 
Lisha’s questions were somewhat aggressive. 
They didn’t sound like ordinary inquiries. 
More like an interrogation.
And it was obvious that she looked down on Joanna, speaking with a condescending tone. 
Women have a strong sixth sense. 
After Lisha finished her series of questions, Joanna immediately sensed that Lisha had an unusual affection for Gary White. 
Considering Lisha’s reaction when she saw Gary, Joanna was almost certain that Lisha had feelings for him. 
Perhaps Gary’s actions earlier made her feel threatened or jealous... 
So, was she here to gather information? 
Although Joanna had never interacted with Lisha before, she could sense that Lisha wasn’t an easy-going woman. 
She wasn’t as affable as she was in public. 
On the contrary, she was likely a strong-willed woman. 
And a woman not to be messed with. 
Joanna didn’t want to offend someone like that. 
She still had to stay in the film crew for three months. 
She wanted a peaceful time without any trouble during this period. 
Besides, she didn’t have much to do with Gary White. 
After some thought, under Lisha’s scrutinizing and hostile gaze, Joanna smiled and replied, "Miss Alcock, I have only met Director White once during the audition, and we are not familiar. During the audition, I was fortunate enough to be chosen by him, and I am deeply honored." 
"Being able to work with such an outstanding senior like you, I am even more overwhelmed." 
"As for Director White’s phone number, I’m sorry, Miss Alcock, but I can’t give it to anyone without his permission." 
Joanna didn’t expect Lisha not to have Gary White’s phone number. 
She thought that Lisha and Gary White had a good relationship. 
Lisha didn’t show any change in her expression at first. 
But after Joanna refused to give her Gary’s phone number, Lisha’s face immediately turned unpleasant. 
Her face darkened, and she stared at Joanna with cold eyes for a while, then suddenly laughed. "Ms. Joanna, do you think you can put on airs in front of me because you got close to Director White?" 
Though she was laughing, there was no joy in her eyes. Her gaze was as sharp as a knife wielding a cold gleam. 
Her malice was almost spilling from her eyes. 
Joanna furrowed her brows in surprise, "Miss Alcock, I think you’ve misunderstood. I didn’t..." 
"Joanna Lawrence, if you think that Director White talking to you and asking for your contact information means he’s interested in you and you’ve successfully clung to his golden thigh, then you’re too naive," Lisha interrupted coldly, her face emotionless, and sneered, "Since you’re still a newcomer, you should have the awareness of being one. Don’t think that with a pretty face, you can take shortcuts."
###Chapter 667: Chapter 666: Do you know Ms. Joanna...?
"Are you trying to ensnare Director White as well? I’m warning you, the business isn’t as easy to navigate as you may envisage. If you want to keep your place here, you’d better keep in check," 
Having said that, Lisha Alcock turned to leave. 
The moment she turned around, she saw someone standing behind her. She was stunned, her face changing ever so slightly, showing an unnatural flicker in her eyes, "Maddox, when did you get here? You startled me by staying silent." 
Maddox Allenson glanced at her, a faint smile on his lips, "Just arrived and saw you chatting with Ms. Joanna, so I thought I’d come over and say hi." 
As he spoke, his deep, bright eyes bypassed Lisha Alcock and his friendly gaze, full of a touch of humor, fell on Joanna Lawrence’s face. He greeted Joanna with a smile, "Ms. Joanna, good morning." 
Joanna Lawrence paused before smiling back, "Mr. Allenson, good morning." 
Lisha Alcock’s expression froze when she saw Maddox Allenson actually initiate a greeting with Joanna Lawrence. 
"Maddox, you and Ms. Joanna... do you know each other?" Lisha Alcock had no idea when Maddox Allenson ended up standing behind her. She didn’t know how many of her words in the conversation with Joanna Lawrence he’d already heard. 
If they knew each other and had a decent relationship... 
As she thought of this, Lisha’s face darkened. 
This newcomer was much more cunning and scheming than she’d initially imagined. 
Simply an actor who does not even qualify as a D-list celebrity. 
However, not only had she caught Gary White’s attention, Maddox Allenson, currently the hottest male artist, also seemed a tad different towards her. 
Even though Maddox Allenson was affable, never putting on airs before anyone. 
That didn’t mean he was warm to everyone. 
Neither did it mean he was willing to approach anyone proactively.
Just now, it was Maddox Allenson who initiated greetings with Joanna Lawrence. 
Being a woman, Lisha could tell from the look in Maddox Allenson’s eyes when he looked at Joanna Lawrence, there was something different from when he looked at other actresses. 
Even though it looked the same on the surface. 
Upon closer inspection, however, it was not. 
The two most popular bachelors in showbiz, Gary White and Maddox Allenson, were both interested in this newcomer. 
Lisha Alcock couldn’t help but feel a pang of jealousy. 
She should be the center of attention of the entire film crew. 
These men ought to be fixated only on her. 
Yet now, all her limelight was stolen by a newcomer. 
Lisha gritted her teeth, her knife-like eyes striking at Joanna Lawrence. 
Her look was so intimidating that even Joanna’s assistant Nina got scared and shrunk back at her side. 
Maddox Allenson naturally also saw the sharp look Lisha just shot at Joanna. He fell silent, his corner of lips lifting up into a soft smile, "Hmm, yes, I know Ms. Joanna. She’s my friend. I was planning to introduce you to her and hoped you would help her out a bit. But it turns out you two know each other already." 
"It seems I won’t need to make that introduction." 
Maddox Allenson’s words left Joanna Lawrence with a look of surprise and astonishment on her face. 
She looked at him, stunned. 
However, Maddox winked at her, signaling her to not give him away. 
Lisha watched the exchange, feeling as if the two of them were communicating in a flirtatious way right in front of her. 
She clenched her fists, feeling frustrated, and gritted her teeth while swearing under her breath that Joanna was a siren. Then she forced a smile, "I hardly know Ms. Joanna as this is our first meeting. Besides, with a famous star like you taking care of her, would she still need me?"
###Chapter 668: Chapter 667: That’s Your Rule, Not Ours
This newcomer is such a siren. 
She only seduces the best men. 
Seducing Gary White wasn’t enough; she even came to seduce Maddox Allenson. 
She can’t tolerate such a scheming b*tch. 
Maddox just smiled faintly, seemingly uninterested in her words, and didn’t ask who the bigger backer was as she anticipated. 
Instead, Lisha Alcock couldn’t help but say, "Now that she has Director White’s support, you can rest assured. Who would mess with a woman favored by Director White?" 
"Miss Alcock, don’t talk nonsense." 
Nina couldn’t bear it anymore and stood up to say, "The relationship between Joanna and Director White is not what you think, please don’t spread false rumors." 
Lisha Alcock, relying on her own status, looked down on Joanna Lawrence, let alone an assistant like Nina. When Nina retorted, her face darkened immediately. 
With a cold face, she said condescendingly, "Who are you? We’re having a conversation here. What are you butting in for? Ms. Joanna, is this your little assistant? She’s too ignorant of the rules. Haven’t you taught her when to speak and when not to speak?" 
Joanna didn’t want to cause trouble as soon as she arrived at the film crew. 
Moreover, Lisha Alcock was the Female Lead 1 in the film crew. 
Offending her has no benefits. 
However, clearly, the other person didn’t think the same way. 
She didn’t want to cause trouble voluntarily, yet the other person kept picking on her. 
She could bear it if they just talked about her. 
But she couldn’t stand them bullying her assistant. 
With anger rushing to her head, she looked up and saw Lisha Alcock’s arrogant face and suddenly curled her lips in a smile. 
Lisha Alcock was stunned by her smile. 
But a few seconds later, she crossed her arms and said arrogantly, "Does Ms. Joanna seem to have something to say?" 
"Yes, I have something to say." 
Joanna took a step forward, pulled Nina to her side, and said with a faint smile, "Miss Alcock, to me, Nina is not only my assistant but also my friend. I won’t set any rules for my friends. She can talk whenever she wants; it’s her freedom." 
"If Miss Alcock has any rules, they are only yours, not ours." 
"Lastly, if Miss Alcock really thinks I’m clinging to Director White’s thigh, I’d advise you to be polite and rational. Aren’t you afraid I’ll complain about you to my golden thigh?" 
"You know what kind of temper Director White has, don’t you?" 
Anyway, she was already misunderstood. 
No matter how she explained it, no one would believe her. 
So, she might as well just admit it. 
Let’s just be the arrogant newcomer with a powerful background. 
Offending someone can’t be avoided either way. 
Admitting that she clung to Gary White’s thigh could at least make people like Lisha Alcock wary. 
After Joanna finished her words, Lisha Alcock’s face looked extremely bad. 
She was so furious that her lips were trembling: "You...!" 
This little b*tch finally admits it. 
She indeed has malicious intentions towards Gary White. 
Now, relying on Gary White’s slight interest in her, she flaunts her triumph in front of her. 
What a b*tch. 
Lisha Alcock was so mad that she raised her hand to slap Joanna. 
But, she still cared about those around her. 
She also fears that Joanna would really go to Gary White and complain. She stretched out her hand, but took it back fiercely.
###Chapter 669: Chapter 668: You can tell me, and I’ll help you solve it
She laughed bitterly, "Very well, Ms. Joanna, I hope that Director White’s interest in you continues to increase and never lessens. Otherwise... Huh..." 
Perhaps out of respect for Maddox Allenson’s presence and for the sake of preserving her own image, she abruptly stopped speaking, huffed coldly, then turned around and left. 
"I’m sorry, Joanna." 
Once Lisha Alcock had left, Nina looked worried, "It’s all my fault. I brought trouble upon you." 
"What are we going to do? Lisha seems really mad. Will she deliberately try to cause trouble for you?" 
"Joanna, I’m really sorry. I can’t believe I got you into such trouble." 
Regret filled Nina’s eyes, and she was on the verge of tears. 
Joanna Lawrence consoled her by lightly patting her shoulder, "It’s not your fault. Even if you hadn’t said those words, she would still try to make things difficult for me."
The root of the problem was Gary White. 
So, whether or not Nina had said those words, the outcome would have remained the same. 
The moment Gary White gave her his phone number in public, it was impossible for Lisha Alcock to let her off. 
"But..." Nina still felt guilty. 
She had been Joanna Lawrence’s assistant for less than a day and had already caused such a huge problem. 
On her first day on the film crew, she had managed to offend the female lead. 
The next three months were undoubtedly going to be tough. 
Even if Lisha Alcock was wary of Director White and her own image, she wasn’t likely to do anything too openly. 
But who knows what kind of tricks she would play behind the scenes. 
With Lisha’s current status, it would be too easy for her to secretly undermine a newcomer. 
"Nina, this really has nothing to do with you." Joanna Lawrence sighed, "Can’t you see? It’s all because of Gary White..." 
As she was speaking, she suddenly noticed that Maddox Allenson hadn’t left. 
He was still standing there, watching her with an ambiguous smile. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Mr. Allenson, why, why are you still here?" 
Maddox Allenson, on seeing her panicked expression, smirked and asked, "Have I upset you by being here? If you want me to stay away, then I will leave now..." 
"Oh no no." 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head, "That’s not what I meant. I thought you had walked away with Miss Alcock." 
Maddox Allenson raised an eyebrow in confusion, "Why would I walk away with her?" 
"Err..." Joanna Lawrence also raised her eyebrows, "Aren’t you two good friends?" 
Maddox Allenson froze for a moment before his eyebrows furrowed, "Who told you that? That I’m good friends with her?" 
"Aren’t you?" 
She had just heard Lisha Alcock addressing him as Maddox, which seemed rather intimate. 
From her tone, it seemed like they had a good relationship. 
But Maddox’s reaction seemed to suggest otherwise. 
"No." Maddox Allenson answered without hesitation. "We previously collaborated on a TV series, so we are acquainted, but we are just friends." 
"Oh." 
She felt that it was unnecessary for Maddox Allenson to explain to her. 
No matter what kind of relationship he had with Lisha Alcock, it had nothing to do with her. 
"Don’t take her words to heart. It’s true that she has some feelings for Director White, so she is quick to suspect every other actress of trying to steal him from her. And what I said to her earlier, it wasn’t all lies." 
Joanna blinked in surprise. 
Maddox Allenson looked at her, his eyes shining like a galaxy, "If she tries to give you a hard time in the future, you can tell me. I’ll help you with it. I’ll look out for you."
###Chapter 670: Chapter 669: What kind of sin have I committed
Joanna Lawrence was stunned, a look of surprise flashed in her eyes. 
Next to her, Nina also appeared deep in thought after hearing Maddox Allenson’s words. 
It took Joanna a few seconds to come back to her senses, and she politely thanked, "Thank you, Mr. Allenson." 
"No need to thank me. Starting from today, you can treat me as a friend. Friends should help each other," Maddox said, laughing. When he laughed, he looked very attractive, exposing eight even, white teeth, giving off an air of youthful vigor and vitality. 
He had a strong youthful vibe. 
For a moment, he reminded one of the boy they first found themselves attracted to. 
Even Joanna felt that Maddox was very good-looking when he smiled. 
Although her husband was also a super handsome guy. 
But Maddox and Ashton Heath were two completely different types. 
One was a mature, elite man. 
The other was a clean and sunny youth. 
The former was the type most popular with women in the workforce. 
The latter was most popular with young girls. 
"Little Tutu, I’ve been looking everywhere for you. So, you’re here with Joanna?" 
"Hey, you’ve been tagging along with this girl again?" 
"You slipped away so quickly, I lost track of you. You didn’t sneak over just to find her, did you?" 
Not far away, Mike hurried over with a worried expression on his face. 
As soon as he reached Maddox, he grabbed him like a protective mother hen and pulled him behind him. 
Then, he glared at Joanna, gritting his teeth, "Why on earth is our little Tutu with you again? Don’t take advantage of your good looks to keep our Little Tutu around! I’m telling you, it’s the peak of his career right now, and I won’t allow him to date!" 
"Cough... Mike, shut up!" Maddox came out from behind Mike with an embarrassed look on his face, covering Mike’s mouth with his hand, and said anxiously, "What nonsense are you talking about? Haven’t I told you I have no plans for a relationship right now?" 
"If you keep acting like this, I’ll find another agent!" 
"Uh... Little Tutu... let go." Mike angrily pried Maddox’s fingers off, stomping his foot in exasperation, "You still say you don’t like this girl, but now you’re talking about finding another agent because of her? What did I do to deserve this? I’ve raised a little ingrate like you!" 
"Thinking about all the hardships I’ve been through to help you go from nobody to an A-List Celebrity, and this is how you repay me? Huh? Now you’re saying you want to replace me? You actually... " 
"Sob... I’m just too heartbroken... too heartbroken." 
"You ungrateful little brat." 
"Supporting you is worse than supporting a piece of barbecued pork." 
Joanna: "..." 
Nina: "..." 
Maddox: "..." 
"Ahem, don’t mind him," Maddox rubbed his temples helplessly, "Mike sometimes goes a little crazy. He’ll be fine in a moment. If he scared you, I apologize on his behalf." 
"You little brat, who are you calling crazy?" Mike exploded again. 
He raised his hand and attempted to hit Maddox. 
Maddox dodged nimbly. 
"Alright, Mike." He took a deep breath, complaining of a headache, "If you have something to say, let’s talk about it in private, okay?"
###Chapter 671: Chapter 670: How Can You Say You Don’t Have Feelings for Her?
Mike said angrily, "Fine, let’s talk on the side. This time, I want to see how you explain it to me." 
Having said that, he turned his head and walked to the side. 
Before leaving, he stared angrily at Joanna Lawrence for a moment. 
Joanna: "..." 
She guessed that she was not compatible with Mike. 
She decided that next time she saw Maddox Allenson, she would avoid him at all costs. 
If not, at least stay away from him. 
Of course, there was no problem with Maddox. 
However, his agent was really... 
Joanna really didn’t want to be labeled as anything messy again. 
Heaven knows, a younger brother type like Maddox Allenson is really not her taste. 
After Mike left, Maddox showed a sorry face and said, "I’m sorry, Ms. Joanna, my agent, he..." 
"I understand." 
Not waiting for him to finish, Joanna said understandingly, "He’s looking out for you. It’s good to be more cautious since many female artists are indeed taking advantage of your popularity." 
"So you don’t mind? You won’t be mad about it?" 
"No." 
Joanna smiled, "He doesn’t mean any harm, and it’s not just me he’s like this with. I guess if he sees any other female artists around you, he’d be like this too, right?" 
Maddox stared at her for a few seconds, seeing that she really wasn’t angry, he breathed a sigh of relief and smiled, nodding, "Yes. As long as I have a woman by my side, he gets really nervous like that. But it’s just at the beginning, once he gets to know them and sees that they have no intentions, he won’t act like that anymore." 
After explaining a few more things, Maddox went to find his agent. 
As he walked away, Nina looked thoughtfully at Maddox’s retreating figure, a guess crossed her mind. 
She kept the guess to herself. 
She couldn’t bring herself to ask about it. 
* 
On the other side. 
Mike walked to a place with fewer people and stood under a big tree, waiting for Maddox. 
After waiting for a while, he saw Maddox coming over, crossed his arms, snorted coldly, and turned his head to the side. 
Maddox approached and said with a smile, "Mike, are you still angry? You should know that I was joking with you earlier." 
Mike sneered, "Huh, who knows if it’s a joke or your true thoughts." 
Maddox: "..." 
"Fine, I apologize." He knew Mike’s temper and that he would be fine after some coaxing, "Even if it was a joke, I shouldn’t have said that in front of others, making you lose face. It’s my fault." 
Mike still didn’t look at him and snorted coldly from his nose. 
But his face looked a little better than before. 
"Don’t be so suspicious all the time. I’ve told you, I have no plans for a relationship now. Can’t you trust me more? You were so rude in front of her just now, it’s not gentlemanly at all." 
"Are you blaming me?" Mike’s anger seemed to be placated for a moment, but when he heard this, he got angry again. He turned his head, put his hands on his hips, and questioned, "Since you’re not interested in her, why do you keep looking for her?" 
"How come I never see you looking for other female artists on the film crew?" 
"You dare to say you’re not interested in her?" 
"Little Tutu, I’ve known you for years now, do you think I don’t know what kind of girl you like? That girl is just your type, and the moment you saw her, your eyes were wide open." 
Maddox: "..." 
"Am I right? Got nothing to say now, huh?"
###Chapter 672: Chapter 671: Being "Taken Care of".
Maddox Allenson pressed his lips together and fell silent for a moment: "Anyway, I won’t be in a relationship now, so you can rest assured." 
Mike was taken aback, lifted his head, and furrowed his brow. 
He didn’t deny it... 
From what he knew about his Little Tutu, not denying meant admitting. 
This little bastard, he really did fall for Joanna.
He knew it, with Joanna looking like that, there’s no way Maddox wouldn’t be moved. 
"Little Tutu, I’m not against you being in a relationship. But it’s not suitable for you to be in one right now. Moreover, even if you’re to be in a relationship, Joanna isn’t suitable for you." After a moment of silence, Mike said earnestly. 
"Why?" Maddox’s eyes flickered. 
"When I first came here, I heard that Gary White is interested in Joanna. You want to snatch someone from Gary White? That’s not someone to mess with and someone we can’t afford to offend." 
Maddox’s brows tightened: "I’ve heard about this too, but I think there’s a misunderstanding." 
"Misunderstanding, what misunderstanding?" Seeing that he still wouldn’t give up, Mike scoffed mockingly, "She’s just a new actress. If it wasn’t for Gary White’s interest in her, would she have gotten this far? Why haven’t we seen Gary White treat other actresses that way?" 
Maddox pursed his lips, and his hands clenched at his side. 
His beautiful, clear eyes dimmed a bit, and a hint of sadness flickered in their depths. 
After all, he had personally raised her in the industry, just like his own child. 
Seeing his sadness, Mike felt a little guilty, sighed softly, and stepped forward to pat his shoulder comfortingly: "Little Tutu, listen to me. At this point, your career is the most important thing. Put everything else aside for now." 
"You both are still young. If there’s a connection, maybe there’ll be a chance in the future." 
Maddox’s gaze shifted elsewhere. 
As it approached noon, the sunlight became somewhat dazzling and caused his eyes to ache a little. 
He squinted, and the black irises of his eyes faintly turned red. 
Is it really over just after it started? 
This is... the first girl he’s ever cared for. 
He really... doesn’t want to give up like this. 
* 
Elsewhere. 
Lisha Alcock returned to the nanny car to touch up her makeup. After finishing, she pinched her lipstick, her eyes sharp as she stared at the logo. 
"Lisha, the film crew is rushing us. They said actors should get ready for makeup and costume changes." The assistant reported cautiously after receiving a call. 
Even though she had been by Lisha’s side for several years. 
Seeing her like this, the assistant was still a little apprehensive. 
Lisha was in a terrible mood right now. 
And those who were closest to her were the easiest targets for her anger. 
Lisha bit her lip and didn’t say anything. After a while, she curled up her bright red lips and sneered, "Notify the film crew to ’take good care of’ the newcomer Joanna. Also, keep it low-key and don’t let Gary White and Maddox Allenson find out." 
* 
Joanna is still a little-known newcomer, so she doesn’t have her own makeup artist. 
She shares a makeup artist with other less famous actresses. 
They also share a Makeup Room. 
When she was notified to go for makeup and change clothes, there was less than half an hour left before filming began. 
And putting on makeup and styling hair would take at least two hours in advance. 
When she arrived at the Makeup Room, she saw that everyone else had already finished their makeup and changed into their costumes.
###Chapter 673: Chapter 672: There’s No Time Left
Putting on makeup and styling hair takes at least two hours in advance. 
When she arrived at the Makeup Room, she saw that everyone had already done their makeup and changed into their costumes. 
She was the only one who hadn’t done anything yet. 
Other female actresses in the Makeup Room all knew what was going on; some looked at her with sympathetic eyes, while others wore expressions of malicious glee that said "serves you right." 
By now, everyone in the film crew knew that Gary White had taken a liking to a newcomer in the crew. 
As someone who was regarded as the most desirable and highly sought-after wealthy bachelor in the entertainment industry, countless women wanted to get close to him. 
Joanna, who had been "chosen" by Gary White, naturally became the common enemy of other female actresses. 
Seeing her in trouble, most people took pleasure in her misfortune. 
"How can this be?" Nina’s face turned red with anger. "We just received the notice. Now they suddenly say we need to start shooting in half an hour. There’s no way we can make it. Joanna hasn’t done her makeup, nor has she styled her hair or changed her clothes." 
"Half an hour is not enough." 
It takes more than half an hour just to style hair alone. 
Joanna expressionlessly looked at the group of female actresses who were already prepared in the Makeup Room, quickly understanding what was going on. 
She had been... sabotaged. 
And who had sabotaged her was clear without thinking too hard about it. 
After a moment of surprise, she quickly returned to normal. 
Since the moment she had provoked Lisha Alcock, she knew that her peaceful days were probably over for the next few months. 
However, she didn’t expect Lisha to make a move on the very first day. 
"So you’re saying that everyone else received the notice two hours in advance, but you just received it now?" A female actress sneered at Joanna, her mouth curling in a mocking smile. "You mean someone’s deliberately messing with you?" 
Nina was taken aback, her face turning green with anger: "I didn’t say that. We did just receive the notice. Otherwise, why would we come this late? As for why we only got the notice now, only the person who sent it knows."
Nina quickly guessed that it was Lisha Alcock’s doing. 
All the other female actresses in the film crew had been notified two hours in advance. 
Only they were notified half an hour before. 
It was too obvious and targeted. 
With a little thought, everyone would know what was going on. 
"So you believe someone is trying to mess with you, huh?" The female actress sneered again, rolling her eyes at Nina and speaking sarcastically, "Who knows why you came so late, maybe you’re deliberately acting like superstars." 
"After all, some people are now clinging to a golden leg. What if they’re late? Just act sweet and say some nice words, and everything will be fine. Not like us, who can’t afford to be late even a minute or a second. After all, we don’t have a golden leg to cling to. If something goes wrong, our jobs will be gone." 
As soon as she finished speaking, several other female actresses around her chimed in sarcastically: "Yeah, we don’t have the luck of others. So we can’t afford to be willful like them." 
"You guys..." Both anxious and angry, Nina’s eyes turned red. 
Seeing time running out, she choked up, "Joanna, what do we do? There’s not enough time." 
Joanna ignored the sarcastic female actresses and quickly scanned the Makeup Room. She walked over to an empty makeup table, "You’ve all finished doing your makeup, right? No one is using this anymore?"
###Chapter 674: Chapter 673: What does this little girl want to do?
Next to her was a woman whose looks weren’t very attractive. 
From her attire, it was apparent that she was a makeup artist. 
She glanced down at Joanna Lawrence, her gaze not very friendly, "What do you want?" 
Joanna also looked up at her, "Excuse me, are you a makeup artist?" 
"I am." Since she had already been contacted by Lisha Alcock’s side, the makeup artist naturally wouldn’t give Joanna a pleasant look. Without waiting for Joanna to say anything, she coldly questioned, "You’re Joanna Lawrence? What’s going on? Why have you only just arrived?" 
"There’s only less than half an hour left. I won’t have time to do your makeup." 
She thought Joanna wanted her to help with her makeup. 
Lisha Alcock had already sent a message, intending to give this girl a hard time. 
She was definitely not going to help. 
Even though the film crew was discussing the newcomer Joanna being favored by Gary White, who knew whether it was just a whim of his. 
Moreover, who knew how long Gary White’s interest would last. 
Just thinking about it, even if Gary White really had taken a fancy to her, it was just for fun. 
Not to mention that she was a newcomer without much fame; considering Gary White’s status, Joanna was not a match for him. 
Let’s not forget the family background and status of the White family - would they allow an actress into their family? 
So, for such a newcomer who could be out of favor at any moment, offending Lisha Alcock was an idiotic move. 
It was only natural to choose to side with Lisha Alcock. 
Joanna looked at her calmly, lowered her gaze, and then looked up at her, smiling faintly, "If you don’t have time to do my makeup, can I at least use the makeup products on that table?" 
The makeup artist was taken aback. 
She stared at Joanna for a few seconds, furrowing her brows slightly. 
What was this girl trying to do? 
With so many people watching and no one else using the makeup products on the table, it was not right for the makeup artist to refuse. If she refused, it would be too obvious. 
Although it was obvious already. 
But if she did refuse, she would inevitably be caught in a trap. 
Gary White was still interested in this girl at the moment; what if she went to complain...? 
Lisha Alcock was the Female Lead 1 in the TV series and a first-class rising starlet, so she was probably safe. 
But she was just a little makeup artist. 
After weighing the situation, the makeup artist nodded and said, "Of course you can use them." 
After asking, Joanna sat down in front of the makeup mirror and opened a bottle of lotion on the table. 
Seeing this, the makeup artist couldn’t help but ask, "You’re going to do your makeup yourself?" 
The other actresses in the Makeup Room also looked at her curiously. 
Women generally knew how to put on makeup. 
However, there was a significant difference between the skills of ordinary people and professional makeup artists. 
The makeup for acting was also very different from daily makeup. 
Otherwise, the film crew wouldn’t have hired specialized makeup artists for the actors. 
Joanna poured out the lotion, rubbed it in her palms, and lightly patted it on her face. 
Her skin was excellent to begin with. Even before applying the lotion, it looked hydrated and supple. A thin layer of lotion on her face was enough for the foundation. 
"Yes." 
She looked at the phone placed in front of the makeup table; time was running out. 
She sped up her movements, quickly applied foundation to her face, and then created a simple makeup look with the cosmetics supplied. 
The entire process took only ten minutes. 
At first, the makeup artist looked indifferent as she watched Joanna apply the makeup to her face.
###Chapter 675: Chapter 674: Joanna, you were so cool just now!
But when Joanna finished her makeup, her face immediately did not look great. 
Because even though it was just a simple makeup, the result was no different from a full makeover. 
Moreover, it was not known whether it was a coincidence, or Joanna’s luck was better. 
The makeup she did was very consistent with Female Lead 3’s in the TV series. 
Joanna did not care about the makeup artist’s reaction. After she finished her makeup, she quickly took the remaining time, picked up the comb on the table, combed her hair, and then thought about the appearance of Female Lead 3 in the original work, and started doing her hairstyle by herself. 
Fortunately, the original work had a relatively simple description of Female Lead 3’s appearance. 
Because the character setting of Female Lead 3 was originally a naturally beautiful woman. 
Usually, she wore a white T-shirt, jeans, white sneakers, and had a bun hairstyle. 
As for making a bun hairstyle, Joanna was most experienced. 
Her usual dressing was almost the same as Female Lead 3 in the original work. 
This included what she wore today to join the film crew: a white T-shirt, jeans, and white canvas shoes. 
It only took her a minute to tie her hair up.
As for changing clothes, she looked at the clothes she was wearing and felt there was no need to change them. 
When she finished everything, it only took her fifteen minutes. 
There were still ten minutes left before filming started. 
Those female artists and makeup artists who were originally waiting to see her be embarrassed had their expressions frozen for several seconds when they saw Joanna stand up. 
Especially the makeup artist. 
She couldn’t hide the ugliness on her face. 
Without her help and not enough time, this newcomer managed to calmly complete the makeup and hairstyle. 
They deliberately informed her only half an hour before filming started. 
It was because they were sure that she would not be able to finish these tasks. 
Who would have thought... 
How could she explain this to Lisha Alcock? 
Joanna looked at the makeup artist’s stiff face, curled her lips, and smiled, "Thank you for your makeup products." 
Makeup artist: "..." 
Did she do it on purpose? 
"Nina, let’s go." 
Nina, who was watching Joanna’s operation, had not recovered her senses yet. It was not until Joanna walked up to her and patted her on the shoulder that she seemed to come back to her senses and was pulled out of the Makeup Room by Joanna. 
* 
After they left. 
Nina couldn’t suppress the excitement in her heart and said excitedly, "Wow, Joanna, you were so cool just now." 
Seeing that makeup artist getting so angry that her face turned green was really satisfying. 
And those female artists who were maliciously rejoicing at her misfortune, seeing them all dumbfounded felt so good inside. 
"Joanna, you’re naturally beautiful, and you look pretty even with just a casual makeup. You didn’t see how bad the makeup artist’s face looked when you finished your makeup. She must not have thought that you could do your makeup so well by yourself." 
Looking at Joanna’s proficiency in doing makeup earlier, even though it might not be as good as a professional makeup artist, it was not much worse. 
Although it was just a simple makeup, the foundation could still be seen. 
"Well, I used to be a Beauty Blogger for a while, so I have a little understanding of makeup. There’s no problem with not complicated makeup." 
Joanna said casually, but Nina listened with wide eyes, exclaiming, "Joanna, you used to be a Beauty Blogger?" 
Joanna thought for a moment and nodded, "Yes, but that Beauty Account hasn’t been updated for a long time now. I can’t even remember the password now."
###Chapter 676: Chapter 675: Really? I must have been overthinking it then.
"Is it an account on Blog?" 
"Yeah." 
"Do you have many followers?" 
"Not that many, just tens of thousands of followers." 
But they were genuine fans. 
Every time she posted on her blog, she would get hundreds of comments. 
Initially, she had thought about growing her blog, but after Jeremy suddenly fell ill and was diagnosed with heart disease, she no longer had the heart for it. 
Her days were filled with thoughts about how to cure Jeremy’s illness. 
"Tens of thousands of followers is not bad," Nina said earnestly, "You can’t compare with those who have millions or tens of millions of followers, but having tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of genuine fans is still very impressive." 
"Joanna, why didn’t you update your blog afterwards?" 
Joanna briefly explained: "Something happened at home, and I didn’t have the time to take care of it." 
"Oh, I see..." 
As the two chatted while walking, they were about to reach the shooting scene when they bumped into Lisha Alcock, who was approaching them. 
Lisha saw them too. 
She stopped, first giving Joanna a cold, head-to-toe stare. Then, her brow furrowed a bit, and her gaze grew colder. 
Joanna returned the frosty look. She had addressed Lisha as Miss Alcock before, but this time she didn’t even say hello. 
Since Lisha already held animosity toward her, no matter what she did, it wouldn’t disappear. 
So, there’s no need for her to keep up appearances anymore. 
Lisha naturally sensed Joanna’s different attitude. 
Lisha stared at her coldly for a while, and suddenly smiled, "Why is Ms. Joanna looking at me like this? As if you have some dissatisfaction with me?" 
Joanna’s lips curved, and she finally replied, "Miss Alcock, you’re overthinking it. You haven’t done anything to hurt me, why would I be dissatisfied with you?" 
Lisha’s face changed slightly, and the smile on her lips froze for a moment. The coldness in her eyes intensified: "Really? It seems I was worrying too much. Ms. Joanna, your makeup is well done; it seems that the makeup artist hired this time is pretty good." 
Joanna could tell she was doubting the makeup artist. 
Without explaining, she returned a faint smile, "Yes, they’re quite good." 
As soon as she finished speaking, Lisha’s face darkened. She turned her head and fixed a fierce stare at her assistant. 
The assistant turned pale with fright and stammered, "Lisha, I have..." 
Just as he spoke a few words, he looked up at Joanna, who was standing opposite him, and his face turned even paler. He immediately shut his mouth tightly. 
Lisha stared more viciously at the assistant, "Idiot!" 
Steve didn’t dare to utter a single word, trembling while holding up an umbrella. 
Lisha retracted her cold gaze from Steve and fixed it on Joanna, gave her a fierce glare, and turned away. 
Steve hurriedly jogged to catch up with her, holding the umbrella steadily over her head. 
"Disgusting woman," Nina spat after Lisha left, finally able to vent her frustration. Gazing at Lisha’s retreating figure, she added, "She pretends to be so nice in front of people, but behind their backs, she’s so horrible."
###Chapter 677: Chapter 676: She is a bit... Fed Up
"No wonder they say celebrities’ personas are not trustworthy, nine out of ten of them are packaged personas." 
"I never imagined that Lisha Alcock would be that kind of person." 
"Oh my God, I used to be her fan for a while, I feel like poking my own eyes out now. What was I seeing!" 
Nina didn’t want to make more trouble for Joanna Lawrence. 
She didn’t dare to confront Lisha Alcock any more. 
"Like you said, she is a packaged persona. You never had personal contact with her before, how could you know what kind of person she really is in her daily life. So you can’t blame yourself." 
"Sigh, Joanna, what are you going to do in the future?" Nina was worried, "She has started to sabotage you now, and there are still several months to go. Do you want to tell Director White about this?" 
"Anyway, Director White said that you can look for him if there’s anything. With Director White’s help, she wouldn’t dare to go too far." 
"Let’s see." 
Joanna Lawrence had her own plans, and didn’t plan to go to Gary White over such a small matter. 
She wanted to solve the problem herself first if she could. 
If not, then consider other solutions. 
Lisha Alcock was definitely not going to let it go.
If she went to Gary White for every little thing, Gary White might find her troublesome. 
* 
Walking to the shooting scene. 
The artists who had a nanny car were all sitting in their own nanny cars with the air conditioning on. 
It was noon, the hottest time of the day. 
It seemed like the ground was radiating heat. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t have a nanny car, so she couldn’t enjoy the air conditioning. She could only grab a small stool and sit under a large tree to enjoy some shade and coolness. 
The first scene was naturally the one with the male lead and Female Lead 1. 
It had nothing to do with her, Female Lead 3. 
So Joanna Lawrence wasn’t in a hurry. 
She let Nina give her the printed script. Before it was her turn to go on stage, she could read the script first and familiarize herself with her lines and plot. 
Though the big tree blocked the sunlight, Joanna Lawrence still felt unbearably hot in the open air. 
After reading the script for a while, perspiration started to bead on her forehead. 
Her mouth also felt very dry. 
Just as she was about to ask Nina for a bottle of water, a bottle of cold mineral water appeared in front of her. 
She was taken aback, took it and unscrewed the cap to take a sip, then turned to Nina with a smile and said, "Nina, we are really in-sync, I was just..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, she paused again when she noticed who was standing beside her. 
Why was it Maddox Allenson... 
She had thought that it was Nina who had given her the bottle of water just now. 
Looking down to meet her gaze, Maddox curled his lips and smiled, "Feeling hot, aren’t you? Do you want me to find a small fan for you?" 
Without waiting for Joanna to reply, he conjured a mini electric fan as if by magic and handed it to Joanna, "Here you go, though it’s small, it can be quite useful." 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a moment as she looked at the small electric fan handed to her. 
She had just decided to keep her distance from Maddox Allenson. 
To avoid Maddox’s agent who was always on guard, suspecting that she might have "ulterior motives" towards Maddox, treating her like a thief. 
She had had enough... 
However, he had good intentions, and Maddox himself hadn’t done anything wrong, Joanna felt that it wasn’t right to reject him outright. 
Maddox Allenson was her senior. 
Moreover, he was currently the hottest male artist.
###Chapter 678: Chapter 677: The Greedy One, Wishing to Spend More Time with Her
Not only did he not put on airs in front of her, but he was also so kind to her. If she refused, would it seem like she didn’t appreciate his kindness? 
After thinking about it, she reached out and took the fan. 
"Mr. Allenson, thank you." She held up the small electric fan and gave him a sweet smile. 
Maddox’s hand that was hanging at his side tightened. His eyes fell on the sweet smile at the corner of her lips, and he couldn’t help but pause for a few seconds. Suddenly, he felt his heart beating faster. 
This was... a feeling he had never experienced before. 
So there were girls whose smiles could be so beautiful. 
When she smiled, it was as if the whole world became more beautiful. 
His heart, as if it had been kissed by sunlight, was warm in a specific spot for an instant. 
For the first time in his life, he felt that girls were an adorable species. 
How could she be so adorable? 
Joanna with her bun hairstyle was just too cute. 
"Are you looking at the script?" Maddox glanced at the script in her hand and showed no signs of leaving. 
Joanna nodded, turning on the small fan to blow on her forehead, finally feeling a little more comfortable. 
"How does it feel? Can you perform your role well?" 
Maddox leaned casually against the trunk of a large tree, seriously asking about work matters while his eyes stayed fixed on Joanna’s bun hairstyle. 
A breeze blew. 
A faint fragrance drifted into his nose. 
He took a breath and smelled a sweet floral scent. 
It smelled really nice. 
The girl sitting in the shade was sweet-looking, had a sweet smile, and even her scent was sweet. 
So sweet... that it made one want to take a bite. 
Maddox knew that it wasn’t good for him to stay here for too long. 
People would notice them. 
Because of Gary White’s previous actions, Joanna had already become the most eye-catching person in the entire film crew. 
If he continued to stay here, he would only draw more attention to her. 
Those who criticized her would only grow in number. 
For her, as well as for him, this was not a good thing. 
Yet, he simply didn’t want to leave. 
He greedily wanted to stay with her a little longer, to look at her a little longer. 
For the first time in his life, he had taken a liking to a girl. 
Feeling excited, nervous, and apprehensive. 
He didn’t know what to do for the best. 
He dared not let his feelings show too obviously in front of her, but he also didn’t want her to think he was only showing concern for her as a senior does for a junior. 
In his hesitation, many people had already noticed him talking to Joanna. 
Those female artists who were already extremely unhappy with Joanna were infuriated upon seeing this scene. 
"Does Maddox know Joanna? Why would he stay with her?" 
"I just saw Maddox bring her water and even gave her a small fan. That fan was what Maddox used himself, right? Oh my god, is it possible that Maddox has taken a fancy to her too?" 
"What? Gary and Maddox are both my heartthrobs. She hooked one of my heartthrobs in the morning, and now she wants to hook the other one? Is she that shameless, trying to get with all the outstanding men in the film crew?" 
"No way, can Joanna even catch Maddox’s eye? She’s not even a D-list celebrity. Even if Maddox wants to find a girlfriend from the same circle, he should at least look for a mid-level talent, right?" 
"Maddox’s career is already so good, perhaps his requirements for a partner aren’t that high? To be honest, Joanna’s face is indeed quite beautiful. Don’t you think her looks are very appealing to men? She looks so fragile and weak, easily stirring up a man’s protective instincts."
###Chapter 679: Chapter 678: President Ashton... What Happened?
"Wow, Director White is coming over, it seems like he can see them. I have a feeling that there will be drama soon." 
"Director White is coming?" 
The voices around turned to look, and indeed, they saw Gary White walking over. 
As he was walking, he lifted his head and looked towards Joanna’s side. 
Then his steps stopped. 
The surrounding crowd, who were all excited and expecting some drama, eagerly anticipated Gary White’s next move. 
Would he, in a fit of jealousy, start an argument? 
Or, would he simply replace the male lead actor? 
At some distance. 
Gary White, his eyes half-closed, watched the beautiful couple under the big tree for a while. A malicious smile flashed in his eyes as he took out his phone, opened Twitter, and replied to the message Ashton Heath just sent. 
Earlier, when Ashton asked what Joanna was doing, he didn’t reply. 
Now, he felt he could reply. 
Gary White: President Ashton, I saw your little baby. Are you sure you want to know what she’s up to? 
After a few seconds, Ashton Heath replied: What do you mean? 
Gary White smirked: Nothing, just that your little baby is quite popular. 
Ashton Heath: What is she doing? Just say it. 
Gary White glanced once more at the tree, the malice in his eyes grew stronger: How about, I take a photo for you? 
This time he didn’t wait for Ashton’s reply, he just picked an angle, took a sneaky photo, and sent it directly to Ashton. 
Then he also sent a message: This is our crew’s lead actor, how do you find him? He’s already won the Best Actor Awards at such a young age, a very hardworking and talented young actor, quite outstanding among his peers. He’s around the same age as your little baby, they probably have a lot to talk about. 
* 
Heath Group Building. 
Inside the CEO’s office. 
When Ashton Heath received the photo from Gary White, he opened it and his expressionless face immediately clouded over. 
The deep, dark eyes stared hard at the man standing next to Joanna. He stared for a full minute, his face becoming increasingly gloomy. 
Just then, Cody Aberton knocked and entered the office. 
"President Ashton, everything is prepared. The meeting can officially begin in ten minutes," Cody Aberton, having just prepared the necessary documents for the meeting, came from the conference room. 
As soon as he entered the office, he felt the atmosphere was a bit off. 
Looking up, he was startled by Ashton’s grim expression. 
What happened to President Ashton? 
Wasn’t he just fine a moment ago? 
How did his mood suddenly change like this, he was angered by someone? 
"Cody Aberton." Ashton Heath gripped his phone, glanced at the photo that made him so angry, and, resisting the urge to throw his phone away, raised his eyes to look at Cody, "Look up the next flight to Frankfurt." 
"Frankfurt?" 
Cody Aberton was confused at first, blurted out, "President Ashton, we don’t have any schedule going to Frankfurt recently." 
As soon as he finished his sentence, he was greeted with a cold stare from Ashton Heath: "Can’t we go without any schedule?" 
"Ah?" 
Only then, Cody Aberton remembered that Mrs. Joanna was shooting in Frankfurt. 
Look at his stupid brain. 
He actually forgot about that. 
He knew it, why would President Ashton suddenly want to go to Frankfurt out of nowhere. 
Mrs. Joanna just left yesterday. 
It’s only been a day, is Mr. Ashton undermining his feelings and wanting to follow her?
###Chapter 680: Chapter 679: Come with me to Frankfurt
In most relationships, it’s usually the woman who clings to the man. 
But with President Ashton, it was the other way around - he clung to Ms. Joanna. 
Who would have thought that someone as aloof as President Ashton would become like this in a relationship? 
Cody Aberton quickly checked the flight information on his phone and said, "President Ashton, the earliest flight is at 1:30 pm, which is in an hour. There are also flights at 4 pm and 8 pm." 
As he spoke, he brought up the 8 pm flight, ready to book it.
But before he could tap on it, Ashton Heath said, "Book the 1:30 pm flight." 
"What?" 
Cody looked up in surprise, "President Ashton, the 1:30 pm flight? But there’s an important meeting soon and you also have an appointment in the afternoon..." 
Before he could finish his sentence, he saw Ashton Heath close his laptop on the desk, grabbed a stack of files and put them on the laptop, then said, "Book the flight immediately and bring the laptop and files with us to Frankfurt." 
"Also, notify the Vice President to handle all matters from now on." 
After speaking, Ashton Heath turned and walked out of the office. 
He hadn’t planned on going to Frankfurt so soon. 
He was thinking of going there on the weekend. 
But that photo... 
Thinking of that photo, his face darkened again. 
It was only the second day at the film crew. 
And there was already a man with malicious intentions around her. 
He really couldn’t let her go out alone. 
It was far too worrying. 
He knew that many men would like his Baby. 
She was so wonderful that she bewitched him, let alone other men. 
As soon as she went out and met more people who saw her goodness, there would be more and more people who liked her. 
With this thought, Ashton Heath immediately felt a deep sense of crisis. 
He desperately wanted to hide Joanna Lawrence away, in a place where only he could see her. 
So that no one else could discover her. 
That way, there wouldn’t be so many people coveting her. 
And he wouldn’t have to worry like he did now. 
* 
After sending the message, Gary White didn’t get a reply from Ashton Heath. 
He didn’t send another message. 
Knowing Ashton Heath well, he figured that he wouldn’t be able to help himself and would show up today. 
Then, he could take the opportunity to discuss investment issues for their next TV series. 
* 
Joanna’s scenes were scheduled for the evening. 
In the afternoon, it was all Maddox Allenson and Lisha Alcock’s opposing scenes. Joanna read the script while watching their performance. 
After watching for two hours, she had to admit that Lisha’s acting skills were truly impeccable, regardless of her character. 
Absolute seasoned actor. 
Among the young actresses, Lisha Alcock had the best acting skills. 
She was a rare combination of beauty and talent. 
No wonder she was so popular. 
Once in her acting mode, Lisha became highly professional, and many scenes were passed on the first take. 
Gary White also complimented her for her excellent performance. 
Although Maddox Allenson was seen as a heartthrob actor, he was far from being just a pretty face. After all, he had won Best Actor Awards, so there was no doubt about his acting skills. 
When he and Lisha Alcock played opposing scenes, it was like a showdown between masters. 
Because both of them performed so well, the shooting went much faster than expected. 
Joanna’s scenes, which were originally scheduled for the evening, ended up being earlier.
###Chapter 681: Chapter 680: Will They Help Joanna Lawrence Get out of This Situation?
As a result, it was her turn several hours earlier, in the afternoon. 
She only had one scene today. 
It was a scene with Lisha Alcock. 
It wasn’t a long scene, just one shot. 
In this scene, her character and the female lead played by Lisha Alcock would have a misunderstanding and argue. This argument had just three lines for each of them, and it would only take a few minutes to perform. 
"How’s it going? Are you ready?" Gary White was in a good mood today after making great progress on the first day. As Joanna Lawrence’s turn came up, he walked over to her, ignoring all the looks from the people around them, and asked her with a smile. 
Joanna got up and nodded, "Yes, I’m ready."
"Good luck," Gary White encouraged her, "Try to get it right on the first take too." 
"Thanks, Director White. I’ll do my best." 
Joanna took a deep breath, clenched her fists, and silently cheered herself on in her heart. 
After witnessing Lisha Alcock and Maddox Allenson’s acting skills, she felt some pressure. 
Now she just hoped that she wouldn’t hold back the film crew. 
Even if she couldn’t make it in one take, she hoped she wouldn’t have too many NGs (No Good takes). 
Right now, everyone knew that she was the Female Lead 3 that Gary White had personally chosen during the audition. 
If her performance was too bad, not only would she embarrass herself, but she would also embarrass Gary White. 
"I believe in you. After all, my judgment is never wrong." Gary White glanced at the time and turned to leave. "Get ready to go on set; we’ll start filming in five minutes." 
* 
Originally, a scene that could have been completed in a few minutes took more than ten minutes and still hadn’t passed smoothly. 
After another NG, Gary White’s face darkened a bit behind the camera, "Lisha, what’s going on? Didn’t I tell you that the push was accidental, not intentional? Why do you make it look intentional every time?" 
"I’m sorry, Director White." 
Lisha Alcock quickly turned around, her face full of apology, and looked very distressed. She apologized very sincerely, "I don’t know what happened just now. It seems like I’m not in the right state of mind. I’ll definitely pay attention next time." 
Gary White squinted his eyes, and a hint of darkness flashed in the depths of them. 
He didn’t say anything more but looked over at Joanna Lawrence, who was slowly getting up from the sandy beach. 
In this scene, due to the argument between the two, Lisha Alcock’s character would accidentally push Joanna to the ground. 
Then, she would turn and run away. 
For Lisha Alcock, there was no difficulty in shooting a scene like this. 
There were no problems with Joanna’s performance either. 
In theory, this should have been a scene that passed on the first try. 
But because Lisha Alcock made frequent mistakes in the final shot, they had already gone through three NGs in a row. 
In the final push, the scene should have looked like it was an accident. 
But she deliberately performed it that way, so they had to reshoot it again. 
It would have been understandable if a newcomer had acted like that. 
After all, they had no acting experience. 
But for a seasoned actor, such a performance was just barely passable. 
It simply didn’t resemble her normal performance. 
Many people on set could see that Lisha Alcock was doing this on purpose. 
For someone who had won the Best Actress Award, it was impossible to be so bad at such a simple performance. 
Since they could see this, the director should be able to see it too, right? 
For a moment, everyone looked at Gary White and Joanna Lawrence with the interest of watching a good show. 
They all wondered if Gary White would stand up for Joanna Lawrence. 
They could also test just how interested he was in this little newcomer through this incident.
###Chapter 682: Chapter 681: Not Giving Her Any Face at All
Upon seeing Joanna Lawrence stand up, Gary White also slowly rose to his feet. 
"Joanna, are you alright?" He took out a cigarette from his bag, lit it, took a puff and asked in a relatively calm voice. 
The sand on the beach was soft. 
It shouldn’t be a big problem for Joanna after those falls. 
However, her hair and body were all covered in sand. 
She looked quite disheveled. 
Gary certainly knew that Lisha Alcock did it on purpose. 
He realized that at the first take. 
The reason he didn’t stop her on the second and third attempts was because he wanted to see how Joanna would react to this situation. 
He had told her to come to him if anything happened. 
If she really spoke up, he would definitely help her get even. 
She was Ashton Heath’s woman. 
He had to give her that much respect, no matter what. 
However, if Joanna came to him just because of this, he might think that she was not much better than any other woman. 
Couldn’t take a little hardship. 
These things are normal for a newcomer. 
Who could walk this path smoothly if they didn’t have a strong enough background from the get-go? 
Who wouldn’t endure some difficulties? 
He was always quite appreciative of the artists who could put up with tough times. 
Although Joanna already had a powerful background, she didn’t need to endure any hardships to get what she wanted. 
But Gary didn’t want her to be like those women artist who cling to rich men, relying on them to avoid any effort and treating her career with an attitude of just getting by. 
He didn’t want to be mistaken. 
"I’m fine, Director White. As long as Miss Alcock is ready, I can restart anytime." Joanna patted the sand off her body, turned her head, and smiled at Gary, showing no signs of anger or rage. 
She seemed quite peaceful. 
After exchanging glances with her for a few seconds, Gary smiled and nodded, "Alright, get ready, and we’ll shoot again." 
There’s no doubt that Joanna’s performance satisfied Gary. 
With his approval, he was now willing to help her out of his own accord. 
Turning back to the camera, Gary hooked his lips, smiled faintly, and said to Lisha, "Lisha, as a senior, you shouldn’t be outperformed by someone younger. It makes me wonder if I chose the wrong female lead." 
"For such a simple shot, if you have to NG five or six times in a row, you need to reflect on whether your acting skills have regressed." 
Upon hearing these words, Lisha’s face immediately changed. 
Gary didn’t give her any face at all. 
He called her acting skills regressed in public. 
Especially that line, "The unqualified female lead," it scared her so much her heart almost stopped. 
Although she was an A-list actress, with a good level of fame, 
securing the role of Female Lead 1 didn’t come without effort. 
The entertainment industry is never short of beautiful and competent actresses. 
She wasn’t the only one. 
Other A-list actresses had also aimed for this role at the beginning. 
Even though she had already signed a contract with the film crew, if they breached it, she could get a lot of compensation. 
But who didn’t know that Gary had a lot of money? 
He wouldn’t mind the cost of breaking the contract at all. 
If he thought there was a problem with the female lead and wanted to change it, he would certainly do it. 
Although Gary didn’t openly support Joanna, everyone could tell that the words he just said were meant to back her up.
###Chapter 683: Chapter 682: They Cannot Affront Her Anymore
Openly criticizing Lisha Alcock. 
This support... 
Well, it seems like Gary White is really taking a liking to this newcomer. 
For the sake of this newcomer, he is not giving Lisha Alcock any face at all. 
It seems like they should learn their lesson. 
Until Gary loses interest in this newcomer, they can’t afford to offend her. 
Lisha Alcock, a rising starlet who has won the Best Actress award, was openly criticized by Gary White for her acting skills. For a moment, she felt completely humiliated, her face turning green and pale, looking very ugly. 
When Gary White criticized her, she didn’t dare to say anything and just had to endure it. 
"Yes, Director White. This time I will definitely find my form, act well, and try to pass at once." She knew that Gary White was helping Joanna express her anger. She was so mad inside but had to be respectful on the surface. 
No matter how much of a rising starlet she is, in front of a director of Gary White’s level, she needs to be polite and respectful. 
When Gary White chastises her, she has to humbly accept the criticism. 
"It’s not about trying to pass, it’s about having to pass." Gary White sat down in front of the shooting lens, his tone still light and breezy, "If you can’t pass again, I’ll give you a vacation. You can go back and take a long break, and slowly adjust your form." 
Suddenly, a sound of gasping echoed around. 
Lisha Alcock’s face stiffened, and her face turned pale instantly. 
Does Gary White imply that he wants to replace her? 
Just because she made Joanna go NG a few times earlier, he actually said such words. 
He’s actually... openly supporting Joanna like this. 
Could it be that he has really fallen for Joanna? 
* 
The fourth film shooting went very smoothly. 
It passed in one go. 
Lisha Alcock’s condition suddenly returned, performing much better than any previous attempt.
No matter what kind of feelings Gary White has for Joanna, Lisha Alcock doesn’t dare to risk her future anymore. 
Because she knows Gary White’s character very well. 
Rich and whimsical. 
He doesn’t hesitate to offend any artist that other directors might be afraid of. 
No matter how big the star is, it doesn’t mean much to him. 
He has the White family behind him, allowing him to be as arrogant and domineering as he pleases. 
Even if his film shooting fails, it doesn’t affect him. 
At most, he could just go home and inherit the White Group. 
So, for this kind of top-tier wealth heir director, no one can afford to offend him. 
If it were any other director, considering Lisha Alcock’s status and the huge penalty fee, they would never dare to replace her. 
But Gary White dares. 
So, during the fourth film shooting, Lisha Alcock didn’t dare to use any underhanded tactics. 
After the smooth film shooting, Joanna returned to the resting area, and Nina immediately came to her side and helped her pat the sand off her body. 
Then she handed her a bottle of water: "Joanna, have some water." 
Joanna took it and took a couple of sips, wiped the sweat off her forehead, and then took the small electric fan and blew it on her face. 
The previous scene was shot in the sun. 
It made her sweat all over. 
She just wanted to dive into the sea water right now. 
"Miss Joanna, Miss Nina, this is the mung bean soup that Maddox treated the film crew. Have some." Maddox Allenson’s assistant brought over a bag and took out two well-sealed bowls of mung bean soup, handing them to them. 
Nina glanced at it and her eyes lit up instantly. She immediately reached out to take it, "Crave Hub’s mung bean soup! I was just craving for it. Maddox actually had someone buy it and bring it back. Thanks to him."
###Chapter 684: Chapter 683: Somehow, Something Feels Strange
"No problem, you guys dig in quickly before the ice melts. I’ve got to deliver these to others too, so I’ll go ahead." says the assistant. 
After the assistant finishes speaking, she goes towards others carrying the drinks in bags. 
A bowl of chilled mung bean broth during summer is incredibly refreshing. 
Joanna sees everyone else with their own portion, realizing it wasn’t bought specifically for her, so she gladly opens the box and starts eating. 
As she is enjoying her meal, she didn’t notice a black Bentley stopped not far away, under a large tree. 
The car window is rolled down halfway. 
The man sitting inside the car is handsome and noble-looking. His sharp gaze falls on the man, who is walking toward Joanna. The coldness in his eyes deepens, and an uncomfortable chill fills the air around him. 
He takes out his cell phone and makes a call. 
* 
"Is it delicious?" 
A voice drops from above as Joanna enjoys her meal. 
It’s a clear and pleasant young man’s voice. 
She looks up, shaking the almost finished mung bean broth, smiles, and nods, "Hmm, it’s delicious. Mr. Allenson, thank you for the mung bean broth." 
"You’re welcome." 
Maddox Allenson looks at the bright smile on her lips, and after a few seconds of trance, he returns to normal. 
"How did your first day on the film crew go?" 
"Not bad," Joanna scoops a spoonful of mung beans into her mouth, seemingly in a good mood, "I learned a lot today; it’s excellent." 
"Hmm?" This answer surprises Maddox. 
Anyone can tell that Lisha Alcock’s acting mistakes and NGs were deliberate. 
"You weren’t angry?" Maddox lowers his gaze to her lips, red from eating mung bean soup, and his heart beats faster after a few seconds. 
"Angry? Why would I be angry?"
"Because..." 
Just as Maddox begins to speak, a crew member approaches them. 
"Ms. Joanna, Director White has something to discuss with you; please come with me." 
"Director White has something for me?" Joanna looks around and notices Gary White is not at the shooting scene anymore. 
"Yes," the crew member says, "Director White is waiting for you, Ms. Joanna, let’s go." 
"Alright then." 
Joanna drinks the last spoon of mung bean soup, then stands up and says, "Mr. Allenson, I have to go now." 
"I’ll treat you to mung bean soup another time." 
After saying that, she leaves with the crew member. 
Maddox stands still, watching her and the crew member walk further away. A hint of hesitation and conflict flashes in his eyes; eventually, the step he had taken hesitates and stops. 
If Gary White is indeed interested in her. 
Can he... compete? 
What would be the result of competing with Gary White for a woman? 
He doesn’t have as illustrious a family background as Gary White. 
He has worked hard to get where he is today, each step taken with great difficulty. 
His hard-earned achievements sometimes make him feel like splurging, but he has to weigh the consequences. 
He likes Joanna. 
But if this liking requires him to exchange his career prospects for it, he... cannot afford it. 
* 
Joanna follows the crew member to an indoor rest area. 
When they reach the door outside the lounge, the crew member leaves. 
She’s told Gary White is inside. 
Joanna stands outside the door for a while, a trace of doubt in her eyes. 
She has a strange feeling. 
This place...seems a little too secluded, doesn’t it? 
Would Gary White choose a place like this to discuss something with her? 
She stands at the door for a moment. After hesitating for almost a full minute, she extends her hand and knocks on the door. 
With a "click," the door is opened from inside.
###Chapter 685: Chapter 684: Thought I Didn’t Have It, Huh?
A hand reached out from inside. 
Joanna Lawrence instinctively took a step back. 
But that outstretched hand still firmly grabbed her. 
She screamed in surprise as she was forcefully pulled into the room. 
At the same time, the door closed with a "bang," and she found herself pinned against it by someone. 
The figure before her was tall and imposing, clad in black. Before Joanna could see who had dragged her in, her chin was grabbed, and a man’s domineering, scorching kiss followed. He kissed her deeply and forcefully. 
Her eyes widened in fear: "Uh ..." 
Just as she was about to struggle, a familiar scent filled her nostrils. 
Her pitch-black, watery eyes changed from fear to surprise. 
This scent... 
It was Ashton Heath. 
How could he be here?
Her confusion lasted only a few seconds before she was overwhelmed by the man’s increasingly passionate kiss. Her oxygen supply began to wane, her gaze growing more and more hazy... 
When she felt as if she could no longer stand, the man gently lifted her by her waist and pressed her forcefully against his chest. 
This was a punishing kiss. 
Extremely deep and lingering. 
Joanna was pressed against the door for more than ten minutes, her body on the verge of collapsing like a puddle of water. Just as she was about to pass out from lack of oxygen, Ashton gasped for breath and let her go. 
His deep, dark eyes surged with intense desire. His burning gaze fell upon the girl’s tantalizing, swollen lips. His eyes darkened further, the lust within them deepening. 
He truly wanted to... devour her in one bite. 
Heaven knows that they had only been apart for a day. 
But his longing for her had already deepened this much. 
Joanna rested on his chest for a long while, panting for breath, before gradually recovering. 
Her eyes appeared misty as she looked up at him with her soft, black gaze, feeling as if she were dreaming. "Ashton, Ashton Heath, how did you get here? Weren’t you..." 
Weren’t you at work? 
Today wasn’t the weekend either. 
How did he find the time to come to her? 
In addition, why didn’t he inform her beforehand that he would be visiting? 
When he had pulled her into the room earlier, she had been frightened to death. 
"Baby, I missed you." 
Ashton hugged her tightly and couldn’t resist giving her another quick kiss. Holding her lips, he whispered softly, "Did you miss me? Hmm?" 
Joanna, whose lips were tingling from his kiss, spoke in a soft and slightly raspy voice, "But weren’t you at work? What about the company affairs that you left behind?" 
He had only just taken over the Heath Group. 
She knew that for at least a year, he would be extremely busy. 
Usually, he would continue working in the study when he came home. 
Did he not care about the company affairs if he came on a non-weekend? 
"What, aren’t you happy to see me?" Ashton looked down at the woman in his arms. He didn’t see any expressions of surprise or joy on her face, causing his brows to furrow in discontent. 
He recalled the photo that Gary White had sent him. 
In the photo, she and the male lead seemed to be chatting happily, their smiles sweet and radiant. 
But she had never smiled like that when she saw him. 
The jealousy in his heart began to ferment, gradually becoming stronger, under this contrast. 
White had said that the male lead and her were of the same age... 
Being of equal age and in the same circle, they would undoubtedly have a lot to discuss.
###Chapter 686: Chapter 685: Suddenly Feeling a Crisis in Terms of Age
A hand reached out from inside. 
Joanna Lawrence instinctively took a step back. 
But that outstretched hand still firmly grabbed her. 
She cried out in surprise as she was violently pulled into the room. 
At the same time, with a "bang," the door closed, and she was held against it. 
The tall figure in front of her was clad in black. Before Joanna could see who had grabbed her, her jaw was pinched, and a man’s domineering, hot breath surrounded her as he held her in his arms. 
Her eyes widened in fear, and just as she was about to struggle, a familiar scent filled her nostrils. 
The terror in her deep, black eyes transformed into surprise. 
This scent... 
It was Ashton Heath. 
How could he be here? 
Joanna raised her misty black eyes to the man in front of her, feeling as if she was dreaming, "Ashton Heath, how did you get here? Weren’t you..." 
Wasn’t he at work? 
Today wasn’t a weekend, either. 
How did he have time to come see her? 
And why didn’t he give her a heads-up? 
When he had pulled her into the room earlier, she had almost been scared to death. 
"Baby, I missed you, so I came to see you," Ashton Heath hugged her tightly, "Do you miss me, huh?" 
"But, weren’t you at work? What about the company’s business if you leave?" 
He had only just taken over the Heath Group. 
She knew that he would be very busy for at least a year. 
Usually, he would go to the study to work overtime after returning home. 
On a non-weekend, did he not care about the company’s affairs? 
"What, aren’t you happy to see me?" Ashton Heath looked down at the little woman in his arms, not seeing any surprise or joy on her face, and frowned unsatisfied. 
He thought of the photo Gary White had sent him. 
In the photo, she and the male lead seemed to be chatting happily, with sweet smiles on their faces. 
But she never smiled like that when she saw him. 
The jealousy in his heart began to ferment under such comparison and became more and more intense. 
Gary White had said that the male lead was around her age... 
They were around the same age and in the same circle, so they must have had a lot to talk about. 
That’s why she could chat so happily with him. 
But him... 
He was a full five years older than her. 
At 25, men should still be considered young. 
He shouldn’t feel insecure. 
But at this moment, he suddenly felt a sense of age crisis. 
He and she were not of the same age group. 
They were not even in the same circle. 
He had no experience in love either. 
Would she find it boring to be with him? 
Although she had never said so, she had never said that she was happy with him either. 
His heart sank further, and the desire in his eyes slowly faded. He squinted, his gaze turning sharp. 
Joanna was a sensitive person. 
She immediately noticed the change in Ashton Heath’s mood. 
Upon meeting his sharp gaze, she hesitated, feeling slightly nervous, "Ashton Heath, what... what’s wrong?" 
"You haven’t answered my question just now." Ashton Heath tried his best to suppress the sour feeling in his heart, took a deep breath, and repeated the question, "Aren’t you happy to see me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Of course not." 
Although she didn’t know why the man in front of her suddenly became unhappy, she was still pleased to see him at this time. 
She reached out, hooked her arms around his neck, looked up, and smiled, "I’m very happy. When I first saw you, I thought I was dreaming." 
The smile on the young girl’s lips was so sweet that it made his heart skip a beat. 
Ashton Heath was instantly healed. 
All his displeasure disappeared when she took the initiative to get closer to him. 
"So, do you miss me?" One moment the man was radiating coldness, and the next moment, the ice around him melted. He smiled, his thin lips curving tenderly as he asked. 
Joanna pursed her lips, her face showing a hint of shyness. Under his tender, affectionate gaze, she gently nodded her head. 
The two were in the honeymoon phase of their relationship. 
They wished they could stick together all the time. 
Being suddenly separated, they both felt somewhat unaccustomed. 
Although they had only been apart for a day, she... missed him quite a bit. 
Hearing her answer, the man’s smile deepened, and his eyes became even more tender. 
Ashton Heath reached out and touched her hair, then gently adjusted her bun hairstyle, carrying her horizontally in his arms and sitting down on a sofa nearby. 
The man’s strong arms encircled her, drawing her petite figure a little deeper into his embrace. His chin rested on the top of her head and he gently rubbed it against her: "Was today’s film shooting successful? Have you experienced any discomforts since you arrived?" 
Joanna obediently leaned on him, grabbed his hand, and played with his slender, pale fingers, "It went smoothly, and I’m adapting well to the environment and climate here. So far, there’s nothing I’m not used to." 
Frankfurt and Closia had similar climates. 
The only difference was that the nights were cooler, and the humidity was heavier at night. 
As for the food, the taste was quite similar. 
"That’s good." When Ashton saw her pinching his fingers playfully as if holding a toy, he indulgently smiled, touched her ear, and said, "Let me know if there’s anything you’re not used to." 
"Mm." 
"How do you get along with the others in the film crew? Has anyone been bullying you?" 
Joanna Lawrence fell silent for a moment, then shook her head, "No."
###Chapter 687: Chapter 686: Husband, I’ll Take You There Now
The moment she fell silent, Ashton Heath grew suspicious. He squinted, lowering his head, his eyes filled with curiosity as he looked down at the woman gently cradled in his arms. "Are you sure there’s nothing?" 
"...Yes, absolutely nothing." 
She didn’t want to tell him even this little thing. 
After all, it was almost settled. 
She didn’t want to say it, to make him worry for her. 
Ashton Heath gazed at her thoughtfully for a while before deciding not to probe further. He nodded in responce and said, "Well, if that’s the case. If anyone bullies you or worries you, just let me know." 
"I’ll make them pay." 
The air conditioner in the resting room was running full blast. 
Joanna Lawrence snuggled inside Ashton Heath’s embrace, chatting with him intermittently. Perhaps it was the coziness owing to the air conditioner or his chest that she leaned against, but she felt her eyelids growing heavy as she spoke. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence woke up, she found herself moved into Ashton Heath’s car. 
But she was still in his arms. 
Her head rested on his thighs, her face tucked against his stomach, and her hands firmly wrapped around his waist. 
A dark thin blanket covers her. 
Inside the car, only single light was turned on which dimly lit the interiors. 
Outside the window, streetlights were already illuminating and the sky was pitch black. 
Joanna Lawrence blinking her eyes, stunned for a moment before she managed to regain her senses. 
"Baby, you’re awake." A deep and gentle voice echoed from above her. The man reached out to brush the hair away from her face and lightly caressed her eyes, "Are you hungry? Shall we go for dinner?" 
Joanna Lawrence blinked her eyes, propped herself up to sit on his thighs. 
She raised a hand to her forehead before turning her gaze towards the night view outside the window, blinking with surprise, "Is it already dark? How long have I been asleep?" 
Ashton Heath lifted his wrist and checked his watch, "Around three hours." 
"Three hours?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes grew wider, "I can’t believe I slept for so long! What about... the film crew..." 
"It’s taken care of. I’ve informed them." 
Ashton Heath gently pulled her back into his arms, "The director said that you’ve completed all your scenes for today and you can leave early." 
"Is that so?" Joanna looked at him skeptically, "You’ve really spoken to the director? He said I could leave early?" 
Ashton Heath laughed, "Why would I lie to you?" 
"Was the director upset?" 
On her first day, she left early... 
This left her feeling a little jittery. 
"No." Ashton Heath recalled Gary White’s initial reaction. 
He seemed delighted? 
Well, he had many reasons to be. 
He’d successfully secured the lead actress and funding for his next series. 
If that were him, he’d be just as overjoyed. 
At that, Joanna gave a sigh of relief. 
She patted her stomach, finally in the mood to eat. 
"Ashton Heath, I’m hungry." She spoke in a soft, cooing voice, "Let’s go and eat." 
In response, Ashton Heath tenderly pinched her face, "Sure, what do you fancy? I’ll take you there right away." 
By then, Joanna Lawrence was really starving. 
It was already past nine in the evening. 
She had just a boxed meal for lunch. 
"Anything is fine." She patted her flat and empty tummy, her voice faint with exhaustion. 
* 
Ashton Heath quickly found a nearby restaurant. 
Joanna, who was famished, immediately opened her appetite as soon as the dishes were served. 
In front of Ashton Heath, she didn’t care about her image and ate without any inhibitions. 
Earlier, Ashton Heath didn’t have much of an appetite but on watching her heartily enjoy herself, he ended up eating a fair amount anyway. 
Upon completion of the meal, they paid the bill and exited the restaurant hand in hand.
###Chapter 688: Chapter 687: I Insist on Sticking to You
"Are you not going home today?" Joanna Lawrence glanced at the time and then at the deepening night outside, asking softly. 
Ashton Heath stopped in his tracks. 
He turned around, his thin lips curving into a faint arc. His gaze fell on her, half-smiling, half-serious, "Baby, do you want me to go home?" 
"Me?" 
Joanna lifted her head, meeting his deep, charming eyes. Her heartbeat skipped a few beats. After a moment of silence, she timidly said, nibbling on the corner of her lips, "Of course, I hope you can stay. But, don’t you have a lot of work at the company?" 
"Isn’t it not very good if you don’t go home?" 
A deep, seductive laugh came from the man above. 
Joanna blinked, glaring at him, "What are you laughing at?" 
Ashton rubbed her head affectionately, "Baby, you just need to tell me if you want me to stay. If you want me to, I will stay. If you want me to go back, then I’ll go back." 
"I’ll listen to you." 
"As for other things, you don’t need to worry about them." 
Joanna hesitated for a moment before deciding to follow her heart, "Well... you should stay then." 
Anyway, since he said that he wasn’t worried about his company, why should she fuss over it? 
It’s not like she forced him to stay. 
As soon as she finished speaking, she heard Ashton chuckle lowly. His hand, which was holding her fingers, intertwined with hers, their hands tightly clasped, "Good, I’ll stay as my baby has asked." 
Joanna couldn’t help but smile, she moved her fingers to grip his tightly, "This is what you said yourself, I’m not forcing you. If staying here with me delays your company’s business, I won’t take responsibility." 
"Don’t blame me then." 
"Hmm, I won’t blame you." Ashton responded gently, "I am the one insistently clinging to you, you are helpless." 
"Hmm, as long as you’re aware." Joanna suppressed a smile, "Yes, exactly, you are the one clinging to me." 
The night was deep. 
The night in Frankfurt was a bit cool. 
Joanna did not want to return to the hotel just yet. She led Ashton down the stairs. When he took out his car keys and unlocked the car, preparing to get in, she gently tugged on his arm. 
Ashton turned around, his brows raising slightly, "Hmm?" 
Joanna pressed her lips together, then said, "I’m really full after dinner. Let’s take a walk." 
Truth be told, she didn’t want to go back with Ashton right now. On the one hand, she felt that it would be too boring to return to the hotel right after dinner. 
He came all the way to Frankfurt. 
She wanted to wander around with him.
On the other hand, she was a bit scared... 
Scared that the moment they returned, Ashton would pounce on her. 
On the night before leaving Closia, he had done it with her nearly nonstop for two whole hours. Every time she remembered it, her legs felt weak. 
If they went back too early, she was afraid this man might... 
She did not want to be trembling during the film shooting tomorrow. 
"You want to take a walk?" Ashton stopped. 
Joanna nodded, "Yeah, we just had dinner, let’s walk. Don’t you think the moonlight is beautiful tonight?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
There was no moon out tonight. 
Oh well, he wouldn’t expose her. 
If she wanted to take a walk, he would accompany her. 
"Okay, I’ll go on a walk with you. Wait a minute." Ashton let go of her hand, walked to the back seat of the car, opened the door, and took out a black jacket.
###Chapter 689: Chapter 688: Now as soon as she sees him, she gets weak in the knees...
He draped his coat over Joanna’s body: "It’s a bit chilly tonight, wear this." 
His coat looked particularly large on her. 
When Joanna put it on, it was like a kid wearing an adult’s clothes. 
However, she felt a lot warmer as soon as she put on the coat. 
The familiar and utterly masculine scent of Ashton Heath lingered in the air around her, providing a great sense of comfort. 
"What about you?" She looked up at him. 
But she saw Ashton Heath staring at her in a very odd way. 
It seemed like there was a flickering glow in his eyes, a bit gloomy, a bit deep, a bit... 
Joanna felt her heartbeat quickening under his gaze and she was beginning to feel uneasy. 
She pulled up the overly long sleeves of the coat, revealing her soft white hands, blinked, and asked, "What’s wrong? Is there something out of place?" 
Ashton Heath’s gaze was a bit frightening. 
Joanna felt a fear, as if she was being watched by a beast. 
She suddenly remembered the night before she had arrived in Frankfurt, when Ashton Heath had pinned her to the bed with this same look. 
But that night, his gaze was not as intense, and the flame in his eyes was not as heated. 
Joanna’s legs suddenly felt weak. 
"Um, I think there’s a lake ahead. Let’s go for a walk by the lake!" 
As soon as she finished speaking, she quickly walked away, her pace swift and frantic, as if some hulking creature was chasing after her. 
Whimper. 
She was scared. 
She decided to take a two-hour walk before returning! 
This man, Ashton Heath... was too scary. 
Every time she saw him now, her legs would go weak... 
Behind her. 
The man, who still stood where she had left him, watched the petite figure fleeing in panic. His thin lips slightly hooked up, and a gleam of resolution flashed in his eyes. 
His baby was really cute.
Thinking that she could escape just by running away. 
Just now, watching her put on his coat, an idea suddenly came to his mind. 
He decided to put it into action tonight. 
Thinking about it, he was becoming somewhat impatient. 
* 
Joanna braved the chilly evening wind and walked by the lake for more than an hour. 
Only when her stomach began to ache from the walking did she stop. 
Ashton Heath, who had been following her, stopped as well. Suppressing the amusement in his eyes, he looked down at her, "Baby, do you want to keep walking? You have to report to the film crew early in the morning, and it’s getting late. Shouldn’t we head back?" 
Joanna had wanted to keep struggling. 
But considering that she had to get up early the next day, and she probably wouldn’t sleep well if she kept walking, she decided to stop. 
Besides, her feet were feeling sore and weak, and she didn’t want to keep walking anymore. 
She pulled out her phone and checked the time, deciding that it was safe enough by this time. 
Ashton Heath knew she had to get up early the next day, so he probably wouldn’t have the heart to keep her up too late, right? 
With that in mind, she settled down and nodded, "Yeah, let’s head back." 
"You’ve been walking for so long, are your feet sore?" Ashton Heath looked at her lackluster figure and ruffled her hair. 
Joanna tilted her head back, her gaze pitifully pleading, "Yes, they hurt a bit." 
"And you still walked all this way?" Ashton Heath let out a half-sigh half-laugh, ruffling her hair again, he spoke in a tone of tender indulgence, "Baby, are you that scared of me? You’ve walked around the lake for so long, even tiring yourself out, just to keep me from touching you. Is that really necessary?"
###Chapter 690: Chapter 689: I’ll Carry You Back
"What, you... "Joanna Lawrence’s eyes widened in astonishment. 
"How did I know?" Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows, helping her finish her unfinished sentence. 
Joanna Lawrence: "... Yeah." 
Is she being too obvious? 
"Because I am your husband and the person who knows you best in this world." Ashton Heath turned around, crouched down in front of her, and said to Joanna, who was still standing there with a surprised face, "What are you waiting for? Get on my back. I’ll carry you back." 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a moment: "You’re going to carry me?" 
"Isn’t your foot hurting?" Ashton Heath glanced at her, "Get on." 
Joanna Lawrence’s foot did hurt a little. 
But it wasn’t so bad that she couldn’t walk. 
She looked down at the man crouching in front of her, feeling a rush of sweetness in her heart. She walked over and gently placed her hands on his shoulders. 
Ashton Heath slowly lifted her up as she leaned on his back. 
Joanna Lawrence leaned against his back, her hands hooked around his neck, and happily said, "Ashton Heath, can I ask you a question?" 
"Hmm, go ahead." 
Ashton Heath slowly walked back with her on his back. 
It was late at night, and there were hardly any people on the streets. 
All around was quiet. 
The steady sound of the man’s footsteps resonated through the night, like a constant beat on Joanna’s heart. 
At this moment, Joanna Lawrence’s heart was incredibly soft. 
She pursed her lips and casually asked, "Have you ever carried anyone else before?" 
After asking, she eagerly awaited his answer. 
"Never." Ashton Heath answered without hesitation, "You’re the first one." 
"Oh..." A smile crept onto Joanna Lawrence’s lips, and she pursed her lips again to casually ask, "If someone asked you to carry them in the future, would you do it?" 
"Hmm? Baby, who are you talking about?" 
"Like your friends or something..." 
"Are you talking about the opposite sex?" 
"Err..." Joanna Lawrence was too embarrassed to admit it. 
Ashton Heath curled his lips: "Don’t worry, besides you, I won’t let any other woman touch my body. Baby, only you can touch and enjoy my body." 
The word "enjoy" made his voice lower and huskier. 
Joanna Lawrence’s face instantly turned red, and she didn’t speak anymore. 
Ashton Heath, this hooligan! 
* 
Half an hour later, Ashton Heath carried Joanna Lawrence back to the hotel. 
After getting in the car, Joanna Lawrence closed her eyes and pretended to sleep. 
At first, she intended to avoid Ashton Heath’s advances by pretending to sleep, but then she genuinely fell asleep. 
Upon arriving at the hotel, Ashton Heath parked the car and saw her sleeping peacefully. 
He gently called out, "Baby." 
Joanna Lawrence kept her eyes closed, not responding. 
Ashton Heath couldn’t bear to wake her up. He thought for a moment, unbuckled her seatbelt, and carried her out of the car. 
He had already checked into the presidential suite at Joanna Lawrence’s hotel when he arrived. 
The elevator went directly to the 38th floor presidential suite. When they reached the 38th floor, Ashton Heath walked out of the elevator carrying Joanna Lawrence. 
The elevator on the other side also stopped. 
The elevator doors opened, and Maddox Allenson and his agent, Mike, who had just finished having a late-night snack, walked out. 
They encountered Ashton Heath carrying Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence was still wearing Ashton Heath’s oversized suit jacket. Her face was buried in his chest, her long hair draping down, covering half of her exposed face. 
At first, Maddox Allenson didn’t notice Ashton Heath.
###Chapter 691: Chapter 690: Joanna Lawrence is my girlfriend
But Ashton Heath quickly noticed him. 
When he saw clearly that the man walking towards him was the one chatting happily with Joanna in the photo, his eyes darkened. As they passed by each other, he spoke out, "Mr. Allenson?" 
Maddox Allenson was obviously taken aback, stopped in his tracks, and turned to look at him. 
"Sir, are you...calling me?" 
Ashton Heath stared at him with his cold and deep eyes for a moment, squinted, and a hint of hostility appeared in his eyes, "Besides you, is there anyone else with the surname of Allenson here?" 
Maddox Allenson was also sizing him up. 
Although he didn’t know Ashton Heath’s identity yet, he was in the entertainment industry, after all. He had managed to climb the ladder from a nobody to his current position, so his ability to read people and situations was naturally excellent. 
Maddox Allenson could tell that Ashton Heath was no ordinary person. 
The man standing in front of him had an incredibly good-looking face, but he appeared unfamiliar, indicating that he was not someone from their circle. 
Moreover, his aura was extremely powerful - a power that artists in the entertainment industry could not possibly possess. 
Maddox Allenson felt a great sense of oppression under those cold eyes. 
"What’s with your tone? There’s no respect at all." Mike glared at Ashton Heath discontentedly, "Do you know who our Little Tutu is? Speaking to him like this." 
"Mike." 
Maddox Allenson signaled him to stop talking and not to say anything more. 
Mike snorted coldly from his nose, looking very reluctant, but didn’t say anything more. 
"Sir, do you need something from me?" Maddox Allenson looked at Ashton Heath and asked politely. 
Ashton Heath looked indifferent, "Nothing in particular, I just wanted to say thank you to Mr. Allenson." 
"Say thank you to me?" Maddox Allenson was taken aback, and asked with confusion in his eyes, "Why? It seems we don’t know each other." 
"We don’t know each other. This thank you is on behalf of my girlfriend." 
"Sir, I don’t understand..." Maddox Allenson furrowed his brows. 
"Joanna Lawrence is my girlfriend. She told me that you’ve taken good care of her, so I want to thank you on her behalf." 
"It’s getting late, and I need to take her back for rest. Mr. Allenson, let’s talk some other time." 
After leaving those words, Ashton Heath carried Joanna away. 
Maddox Allenson was left standing there, dumbfounded. 
It wasn’t until Ashton Heath had walked far away that he seemed to come back to his senses and remembered what he had just said. 
He also remembered that Ashton Heath had been holding a woman just now. 
He hadn’t paid any attention to her face. 
But now, thinking back on it, he gradually felt a sense of familiarity. 
Even though the woman’s face was covered by her hair, the other exposed parts clearly showed that it was Joanna Lawrence. 
At this moment, Maddox Allenson felt his heart being scratched hard by something. 
An indescribable pain slowly spread from the tip of his heart. 
Joanna... had a boyfriend? 
He had never thought about this issue before. 
He thought she was still single... 
"Little Tutu, did you just hear it with your own ears and see it with your own eyes? Can you give up now?" 
Mike looked at his dispirited appearance, shook his head, and sighed, "That girl already has a boyfriend. And just now, that man was no ordinary person. The things he said to you just now were all calculated. He must have found out something, so he reminded you in that manner." 
"Don’t be foolish anymore." 
"While your feelings are still not deep, stop thinking about her."
###Chapter 692: Chapter 691: Not Even a Chance to Fight For
Maddox Allenson seemed not to hear what he was saying. 
He was still looking in the direction Ashton Heath had left, letting Mike chatter in his ear, remaining silent the whole time, not saying a word. 
"Little Tutu, did you hear what I just said to you?!" Seeing that he didn’t respond, Mike stomped his foot, annoyed, "Stop thinking about that girl! Nothing will happen between you two! You better collect your thoughts and focus on your career." 
"Once your career is stable, it won’t be a problem if you want to date or even get married! But for now, don’t think about those things and collect your thoughts. Do you understand?" 
"Mike..." 
After a long while, Maddox finally spoke up. 
He slowly withdrew his gaze, with an indecipherable expression on his face. Turning his head to look at Mike calmly, he said, "Did you know?" 
Mike frowned, puzzled, "Know what?" 
Maddox smiled, but without reaching his eyes, "This is the first time I’ve ever liked someone." 
Mike: "..." 
"This is the first time my heart has been moved by a girl. I know you might think that I just met her and my feelings for her aren’t deep enough, so I could quickly let her go. I thought that too." 
"Little Tutu, what are you trying to say?" 
Maddox smiled faintly, "I just can’t help feeling regretful. After waiting for so many years, I finally met someone I like, but it must end before it even begins." 
"I’m being forced to give up without even having the chance to fight for her." 
"Mike, do you know how terrible this feeling is? It’s been a long, long time since I’ve experienced such a terrible feeling." 
Mike furrowed his brow in silence, letting out a soft sigh, "Little Tutu, I’ve been young too; I’ve liked people too. So I can understand your feelings right now. But as you can see, she has a boyfriend." 
"Her boyfriend is clearly an excellent man, well-suited for her." 
"You can’t possibly be thinking of sticking your foot in their relationship." 
"I’ve never thought about it like that." 
"That’s right. So, what other option do you have besides giving up? It just means you two are fated to meet but not fated to be together. If you really can’t let her go, I won’t force you to; if you still want to like her, go ahead and like her." 
Maddox raised his eyes in surprise, "Mike, you..." 
"Your heart belongs to you, and if you insist on liking her, what can I do about it? But you should have a clear understanding in your own heart: keep your love buried inside, and don’t let it show anymore." 
Maddox pursed his lips, a faint melancholy covering his beautiful, delicate face, falling silent for a long time without uttering a word. 
Mike didn’t say anything else and just quietly accompanied him. 
After a long while, his clenched fist at his side slowly loosened. The lowered eyelashes gently trembled, "Mm, I understand." 
Mike stared at him, "Have you thought it through?" 
"Mm." 
"That’s good." Mike stepped forward to pat his shoulder, "Let’s go. It’s getting late, let’s go back and rest. We need to get up early tomorrow." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence slept soundly. 
Ashton Heath carried her into the room and gently laid her onto the bed; throughout the process, she showed no signs of waking up. 
Seeing her sleep so peacefully, he didn’t have the heart to wake her. He went to his suitcase and found a shirt, carefully removing her clothing and replacing it with the shirt.
###Chapter 693: Chapter 692: Do You Want to Make One Up for Me Too?
As she undressed, on the big bed, the girl’s crystal-clear, snow-white skin faintly glowed with a layer of white light. Ashton Heath’s gaze slowly moved down from her exquisite and gorgeous face, his burning eyes fell on her smooth, fair neck, and on her silky, tender chest... 
The further down, the hotter the fire in his ink-black eyes became. 
What was even more deadly... 
Her enticing fragrance kept drilling into his nose. 
Those lustful thoughts he had suppressed were gradually being stirred up again. 
As he helped her fasten the buttons of her shirt, Ashton’s eyes were dark, and he looked at the girl who had put on his shirt. His breathing became rapid. 
Earlier outside, when he saw her put on his suit jacket, he had thought that if she was wearing the same clothes and lying on his bed, he would lose control and press her down on the bed to have her fiercely. 
Now, he was thinking the same thing. 
However... 
Looking at the sleeping girl, all he could do was take a deep breath and forcefully suppress the agitation in his body. 
No matter what he thought, he couldn’t wake her up while she was asleep. 
She had to get up early tomorrow. 
"Sigh." Ashton Heath sighed helplessly, quickly buttoned up the last few buttons, and pulled the thin quilt from the side to cover her. 
She was sleeping soundly. 
But he was feeling restless. 
After helping her change her clothes, he was covered in sweat. He turned around and went to the bathroom to take a half-hour cold shower, not coming out until he had completely extinguished the restlessness in his body. 
Back on the bed. 
He reached for the girl wrapped in the quilt, pulling her into his embrace, his arm possessively around her waist, holding her tightly. 
Her sweet scent filled his senses, and the faint fragrance on the girl made him feel incredibly comfortable. 
He hadn’t told her that the night she was away, he had suffered from insomnia. 
Lying alone on the big bed, he hugged the pillow she had slept on, desperately breathing in the scent she had left behind. 
That night, he missed her terribly. 
In the two hours he slept before dawn, his dreams were filled with her. 
But now, it was not a dream. 
The girl he held in his arms was very real. 
He thought he would have no trouble sleeping tonight. 
"Baby, goodnight." 
Ashton Heath lowered his head and gently kissed her forehead, burying his head in her hair. Knowing she couldn’t hear him, he still whispered in her ear: "Baby, I love you, and I will always love you." 
* 
Early the next morning. 
Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence, who were both taking the earliest flight back to Closia, got up early. 
After they washed up, they had breakfast downstairs, and Ashton Heath then drove Joanna to the film crew’s location. 
In the car. 
Ashton opened his laptop, using the half-hour journey to deal with the documents he hadn’t finished processing yesterday. 
Joanna took out her phone, making the most of the time to browse some entertainment apps. 
After processing two documents, Ashton rubbed his eyebrows and turned to look at her. Seeing her intently staring at her phone, he glanced at it too. 
He saw her watching a video on her phone. 
It appeared to be related to jewelry. 
As Joanna watched, she spoke enviously, "Wow, how romantic." 
Ashton’s gaze, which he was about to withdraw, fell back on her phone screen. After watching the video with her, he thought for a moment, grabbed her soft little hand and gently held it in his palm: "Do you want to make one for me as well?"
###Chapter 694: Chapter 693: I’m not afraid of a never-ending catastrophe
* 
Early the next morning. 
Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence, who were both catching the earliest flight back to Closia, got up early as well. 
After washing up and eating breakfast downstairs, Ashton Heath drove Joanna Lawrence to the film crew. 
Inside the car. 
Ashton Heath opened his laptop and took advantage of the half-hour drive to finish handling files from yesterday. 
Meanwhile, Joanna Lawrence pulled out her phone and seized every available minute to browse some entertainment Apps. 
Ashton Heath finished processing two files, rubbed his eyebrows, and turned to look at her. He saw her focusing intently on her phone, so he lowered his head to glance at it as well. 
"Do you want me to make one with you now?" 
Joanna Lawrence lifted her head: "Did you see that video just now?" 
"Yes." Ashton Heath nodded slightly and smiled, "Do you think that’s romantic? Should we make a couple of those as well?" 
The video that Joanna just found so romantic was a popular video on a particular App recently. 
It’s a video of making bracelets. 
In the video, a girl cuts a strand of her hair, weaves it into a red string, and then puts the finished red-string bracelet on her other half’s wrist. 
Wearing this bracelet with the girl’s hair, if the man betrays the girl, it will result in a never-ending catastrophe for him. 
Many young couples, wanting to prove their love for each other, have made such bracelets and posted videos of it. 
Joanna Lawrence just opened the App and came across several similar ones. 
She genuinely thought it was romantic, which was why she exclaimed like that. 
Unexpectedly, Ashton Heath heard it. 
"Ashton Heath, do you know the special meaning behind that bracelet?" 
Ashton Heath shook his head: "I don’t know. Baby, tell me." 
Joanna Lawrence looked into his eyes and said seriously, "It’s a bracelet with a girl’s hair. If you wear such a bracelet, and one day you let down the other person, you’ll suffer a never-ending catastrophe." 
"Now, do you want to make that bracelet?" 
"A never-ending catastrophe?" Ashton Heath seemed to find it rather interesting and repeated the phrase with raised eyebrows. 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Yes, a never-ending catastrophe." 
He chuckled, pinched her chin, and gently rubbed it, "What, are you scared?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
What did she have to be afraid of? 
If there’s a never-ending catastrophe, it would be his never-ending catastrophe. 
After all, the bracelet is meant to be worn by the man. 
Her lips moved, "I’m worried about you..." 
"I’m not afraid." Before she could finish speaking, Ashton Heath lowered his head and gently bit her lip, his voice low and seductive, "I have confidence in myself, and a never-ending catastrophe won’t happen to me." 
"So, baby, would you make one for me, please? I want a bracelet like that too, so even when you’re not with me, I’ll still have something from you to keep me company." 
"But is there enough time?" 
Joanna Lawrence checked the time, "Aren’t you going to the airport soon?"
"Then I’ll change the flight time." 
In the driver’s seat. 
When Cody Aberton heard his boss say he wanted to change the flight time, he held back and held back, then finally mustered up the courage to remind him, "Ahem, President Ashton... It’s not easy to change the flight time, right? The next flight isn’t for another two hours." 
"Then make it two hours later." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
That’s not what he meant, okay? 
He took a deep breath and gathered his courage once more, "President Ashton, there are foreign partners coming over today. If you’re not around... is that a good idea?" 
Ashton Heath frowned. 
He had actually forgotten about that. 
If it were the usual partners, it wouldn’t be a big issue if he weren’t there. 
But this time it’s a foreign company... 
Seeing his dilemma, Joanna Lawrence took the initiative and said, "The company’s matters are important. You should go back on time." 
"What about the bracelet then?" 
He really wanted to wear it right away. 
"There’s no bracelet for now, but... how about I give you this instead?" Joanna Lawrence took off a leather bracelet she was wearing on her wrist, pulled his hand over and put it on him.
###Chapter 695: Chapter 694: Symbolizing that You Are a Person with a Master
It was a pink elastic band with a ribbon bow. 
From a glance, it was clearly an item women used. 
Joanna Lawrence lifted his wrist and looked at it, nodding her head repeatedly, "Wearing this symbolizes that you’re taken. No other woman would dare try to make a pass at you, you shouldn’t take it off, okay?" 
Ashton Heath looked down at the pink bracelet on his wrist, his sensual thin lips curving up slightly in pleasure at her words, ’You’re taken’: "Okay, I’ll wear it always." 
Did she make him wear this bracelet out of fear that other women might approach him when she’s not around? 
So, did that mean she had started caring for him? 
Was he no longer insignificant to her? 
This realization suddenly filled him with joy. 
In the driver’s seat. 
Cody Aberton heaved a sigh of relief. 
Thankfully, Ms. Joanna didn’t act spoiled and force President Ashton to accompany her without considering the circumstances. If she did, President Ashton would certainly have agreed. 
The situation at the company... would be terrible then. 
Cody Aberton glanced in the rearview mirror and saw the pink leather bracelet on Ashton Heath’s wrist. His mouth twitched. He felt like his views were collapsing. 
President Ashton... actually agreed to wear it willingly? 
Plus, judging by his satisfied expression, not only did he agree willingly, he seemed truly happy. 
But it’s a pink elastic band! 
Would such a cold and lofty man as President Ashton really feel okay wearing a woman’s bracelet on his wrist? 
Was this really the President Ashton he knew? 
Now he doubted more and more if the real President Ashton had somehow travelled to another world. 
And the soul within this President Ashton now seemed also to be from another world. 
Otherwise, how could they be so different? 
The President Ashton he used to know was not like this! 
* 
Upon arriving at the filming location, Joanna Lawrence was kissed by Ashton Heath inside the car for nearly ten minutes before he let her get out. 
When she got out of the car, her legs were somewhat weak. 
Her face was embarrassingly red, as were her lips. 
At first glance, she looked as if she had just been passionately loved. 
She stood by the roadside, waiting for Ashton Heath’s car to drive away before turning and walking down another road. 
With only a few steps taken, a black Ferrari drove past her and then slowly stopped beside her. 
The car door opened. 
A familiar face got out. 
Joanna Lawrence looked over and greeted him, "Good morning, Mr. Allenson." 
The person who got out was Maddox Allenson. 
When he saw Joanna, he paused. He looked at her flushed swollen lips and paused again. A hint of melancholy then flickered in his eyes. 
Yesterday, he had been wondering whether or not to recklessly fall in love. 
But today, he didn’t even have the chance to do so. 
Looking at the young girl in front of him, he still had his heart moved.
But he had to suppress his feelings, reminding himself over and over again that she was taken. 
No matter how much he liked her, he had to restrain his emotions and not show them in front of her. 
He didn’t want her to know. 
He didn’t want to trouble her. 
But this was really hard. 
To like someone, yet force oneself to act as if one’s heart was not moved was much harder than acting. 
"Good Morning." Maddox Allenson, struggling with the bitterness in his heart, hesitated before he asked casually as if starting a small talk, "Ms. Joanna, is that man from last night... your boyfriend?"
###Chapter 696: Chapter 695: I Don’t Want Too Many People to Know About Him
Joanna Lawrence looked at him in surprise, "How did you..." 
Maddox Allenson thought of the events from last night, a hint of bitterness bubbling up in his heart. His voice was a bit hoarse and muffled, "When you guys returned to the hotel last night, I saw it. You must have been asleep at that time, so you didn’t know." 
"Your boyfriend...is quite handsome and matches well with you," he added. 
Joanna paused for a few seconds, recalling that she had fallen asleep soon after getting in the car last night. 
When she woke up, it was already the next day. 
She had no idea what had happened after she fell asleep last night. 
Turns out, Maddox had actually encountered Ashton Heath? 
"Uh, thank you. The man last night is indeed my boyfriend; he came to visit me on set." Although Joanna wouldn’t actively publicize the fact that she has a boyfriend, if someone saw them, she didn’t want to hide or deny it. 
"Oh, I see." 
Maddox didn’t know why he asked Joanna again. 
He already knew the answer. 
He had witnessed everything with his own eyes last night. 
But he couldn’t help but hold on to a sliver of hope, thinking that maybe that man was lying. 
Or perhaps, it was a misunderstanding. 
It wasn’t until he personally confirmed it with her, experienced the heartache once more, that he finally accepted the truth. 
"Ms. Joanna’s boyfriend doesn’t seem to be an insider?" He didn’t know why he wanted to continue asking, but he couldn’t help it. 
He wanted to know, what sort of person was that fortunate man who had captured her heart? 
He must be outstanding. 
With such demeanor and poise, he was clearly extraordinary. 
"Yes, he is not part of the entertainment circle." 
"Is he a businessman?" 
"You could say that." 
"Do you know what industry Ms. Joanna’s boyfriend works in?"
Hearing him ask more detailed questions, Joanna looked at him curiously, "Mr. Allenson, you seem very interested in my boyfriend?" 
Maddox Allenson: "..." 
How could he feel that her words sounded strange? 
"No, Ms. Joanna, I am just..." 
"Mr. Allenson, I’m sorry, but I can’t reveal too much about my boyfriend’s personal matters. He’s an outsider, and I don’t want too many people to know about him, or it could cause him trouble." 
Although she thought Maddox was a bit weird, Joanna didn’t dwell on it and simply politely declined to answer his more in-depth questions. 
A hint of embarrassment appeared on Maddox’s face, but he quickly returned to normal and smiled at her, "It’s okay, I was being too nosy. I was just curious because your boyfriend seemed quite extraordinary last night. I thought he must have an impressive background, so I asked a few more questions." 
"Ahem, Little Tutu," Mike silently walked over and glanced at Maddox Allenson resentfully. Then, pushing up his glasses, he whispered, "Be careful, there may be reporters secretly taking photos. You know how they are. If they capture you alone with a female artist, they’ll start fabricating stories." 
After finishing, he sternly looked at Joanna with a dissatisfied expression, "Ms. Joanna, if you don’t want to be cursed to death by Little Tutu’s fans, I suggest you stay as far away from our Little Tutu as possible. Otherwise, if his female fans discover you, they’ll be like rabid dogs that won’t let go of you." 
"I’m telling you this for your own good. You have no foundation right now, and offending these fans won’t do you any favors."
###Chapter 697: Chapter 696: They Don’t Have That Kind of Intention Towards You
"Mike, you..." 
Hearing what Mike had said, Maddox Allenson frowned and held back his anger, "What are you talking about? You’ll scare her like this." 
"I’m talking nonsense?" Mike sneered, angrily turned his head, and stared at him, "Where am I talking nonsense? What your fans are like, don’t you know? They’re so damn crazy that they can dig up everything about your ancestors for eighteen generations." 
"I told her to stay away from you for her own good." 
"If you think I’ve said too much and shouldn’t have told her these things, fine. I won’t say it again in the future." 
After he finished speaking, Mike turned his head away with a sulky expression. 
Maddox furrowed his brows, "Mike, I didn’t mean to blame you." 
"Um, Mr. Allenson..." Joanna Lawrence witnessed the unpleasantness between the two men because of her, and couldn’t help feeling guilty in her heart, deciding that it’s better to leave right away, "Actually, I think what your agent said is not wrong. He is indeed doing it for my own good, and for yours as well." 
"I don’t want to be seen by your fans as a newcomer who deliberately seeks your popularity, and I’m pretty scared of them digging up my information if they misunderstand. So, um...I’ll leave first." 
After she finished speaking, Joanna turned around and quickly ran away. 
She ran so fast that her figure almost disappeared in the blink of an eye. 
It was as if she was very afraid of having any association with him at all.
Watching her rapidly disappearing figure, Maddox pursed his lips, his face looking slightly ugly. 
Other female artists always tried every means to take advantage of his popularity. 
But she was avoiding him as if he were the plague. 
Was it because of her boyfriend that she was so afraid of having anything to do with him? 
Did she not want her boyfriend to see the gossip and get angry? 
She... loved her boyfriend a lot, right? 
He had to admit that he felt envious and jealous. 
"Little Tutu, you see, she doesn’t have that kind of thought towards you." Mike seemed not to notice Maddox’s darkened face and continued to fan the flames, "Her relationship with her boyfriend is great." 
"Shut up." 
"No, I won’t. I just want you to see the reality." Mike sneered, "I said so much to you last night, but I don’t think you heard much of it. Humph, just keep wishful thinking like this, she won’t give you any attention." 
"You’re suffering from unrequited love every day, but she’s living sweetly and happily with her boyfriend." 
"Mike, I told you to shut up!" 
"Fine, if you have the courage to let go, I won’t say it again in the future. But, can you do it?" Mike thought of how much he had said last night, and yet Maddox had agreed to forget her, but today he couldn’t control himself and went to her again. Mike was so angry he could die. 
Spineless. 
Too spineless. 
How could he have raised such a spineless artist. 
He had been in the entertainment industry for so many years and was already an old fox, but he had actually fallen in love at first sight with a young girl. 
And he even felt sorry and sad for her. 
It was such a disgrace to him. 
If it weren’t for the fact that he had personally raised this kid for so many years and had grown attached to him, he really wouldn’t want to deal with him anymore. 
Maddox’s loosened fist clenched again, his lips pressed tightly, and he fell silent. 
Take it or leave it... 
He used to be such a person. 
But now, could he really take it or leave it, saying he didn’t like her and then really not like her? 
It seemed... he couldn’t. 
Last night, he thought he could.
###Chapter 698: Chapter 697: It’s normal for you, a single man, not to know.
But the moment he saw her just now, he knew he probably wouldn’t be able to. 
* 
Somewhere else. 
At the airport. 
Upon getting off the car, Ashton Heath’s remarkable appearance and sturdy physique gathered quite a few stares. 
The man was dressed entirely in black. His looks were utmost handsome, he had a frosty aura, and his entire being exuded a strong sense of discipline. 
Even from several meters away, you could feel the aloofness emanating from him, making others keep their distance. 
Yet such a forbiddingly cold man had a pink leather bracelet tied around the exposed part of his wrist. 
A pink leather bracelet with a ribbon bow, at that. 
At a glance, it seemed to be something a girl would use. 
But now, it was tied around a man’s wrist. 
What this represented was clear without saying. 
The girls who were secretly taking pictures of Ashton Heath with their mobile phones felt a sting when they noticed the pink leather bracelet. 
Such a top-notch handsome guy, surprisingly already taken. 
They really wanted to know what his girlfriend looked like. 
To be able to get such an aloof man under her control. 
And to willingly let him wear a leather bracelet on his wrist. 
This man must really like his girlfriend, right? 
While others were looking at the leather bracelet on Ashton’s wrist, Cody Aberton was also looking at it. 
Suddenly feeling something was off, he looked up to find President Ashton looking at him expressionlessly. 
Cody Aberton instantly recoiled, quickly retracting his gaze: "Ahem, President Ashton, this bracelet Ms. Joanna gave you...it’s quite pretty." 
He was simply looking for a conversation starter. 
But surprisingly, upon hearing his words, Ashton Heath pursed his lips, nodded, and said, "It’s a gift from my wife, of course it’s pretty. Do you know what this bracelet represents?" 
Cody Aberton looked dumbfounded and shook his head. 
How would he know... 
He had never worn one. 
And besides, there’s no chance he would ever wear such a feminine accessory. 
Of course, he only dared to think this stuff, he didn’t dare voice it out loud. 
No matter how feminine the accessory, it was still a gift from Ms. Joanna to President Ashton. 
Looking at how happy President Ashton was, if he dared to say anything bad about it, President Ashton would surely banish him to Fronterra to work in a coal mine. 
The thought alone was terrifying. 
Ashton Heath looked at him somewhat disdainfully: "You being a single man and not knowing is normal." 
Cody Aberton: "" 
Meow, meow, meow. 
How did his lifestyle become a target out of nowhere? 
What’s wrong with being a single man? 
Does being single mean one has to be ridiculed, sneered at, laughed at, and looked down upon by others? 
It’s not like he can’t get a girlfriend. 
He just hasn’t found a woman he likes yet. 
This is called being selective! 
"President Ashton, since I am single and don’t know, could you please tell me what this bracelet represents?" Thinking of his hefty monthly salary and the work benefits that made his peers drool, Cody Aberton grumbled in his heart for a while, but his face was full of smiles. 
"Possession." 
Ashton Heath smiled, a trace of triumph in his eyes: "This bracelet is her mark on me. Wearing this bracelet, no other woman will covet me. She must care about me very much, and fear that other women may tempt me, which is why she made me wear this bracelet." 
"Cody Aberton, don’t you think that Ms. Joanna really likes me? Is she so insecure because of that?" 
Cody Aberton: "..."
###Chapter 699: Chapter 698: Having a woman by your side is actually quite nice.
Ashton Heath was quite satisfied with this answer, the corners of his lips curling up in a pleasant arc: "I thought so. But she’s actually overthinking it. What does she have to worry about? I won’t have any other women in my life besides her." 
"Even if it wasn’t for this little bracelet, she doesn’t need to worry about anything." 
"Yes, yes, yes. President Ashton never even glances at other women besides Ms. Joanna. His heart only has her in it, she doesn’t need to worry at all." Cody Aberton skillfully flattered. 
"If she’s worried, I’ll just wear this. That way, she’ll be much more at ease." Ashton Heath looked down at the pink leather bracelet on his wrist, the more he looked at it, the more he liked it. 
He decided to wear it all the time. 
Cody Aberton’s fake smile on his face had become slightly stiff: "Yes, this should make Ms. Joanna feel more secure." 
"Cody, how old are you this year?" Ashton Heath suddenly changed the subject. 
Cody Aberton was a bit stumped by this sudden change in topic, and it took him a while to respond with a confused look: "President Ashton, I’m 26 this year." 
Why was President Ashton suddenly asking his age? 
"26?" Ashton Heath paused his steps and turned to look at him with a meaningful gaze. 
"Yes, President Ashton, is there any problem?" 
Ashton Heath half-squinted his eyes and was silent for a few seconds, then said to him with a serious tone: "At this age, it’s not too young to consider finding a girlfriend. If you meet someone suitable, you could give it a try." 
Ashton Heath spoke with the tone of someone who had been there before, not knowing what he was thinking, he slightly smiled and said, "It’s actually quite nice to have a woman by your side." 
Cody Aberton: "!!" 
Oh my god, he must have heard wrong. 
President Ashton, who would never interfere in anyone else’s affairs unless it was related to himself, was actually advising him to find a girlfriend. 
Isn’t this something that only the older generation like his mom would love to do? 
How did his wise and invincible President Ashton turn into an old lady from the neighborhood committee? 
He started to worry about his emotional affairs. 
This side of President Ashton felt so unfamiliar and frightening. 
"President Ashton, you... are you serious?" Cody Aberton gulped. 
Ashton Heath half-squinted his eyes at him: "When have I ever joked with you? Let me know what type of woman you like, you’re my assistant, I won’t let you down. Later, I’ll arrange for you to meet several high-quality women to choose from." 
Cody Aberton: "...President Ashton, I don’t want to be in a relationship for now. I just want to do my job well, as for my emotional affairs, I’ll think about them in a few years."
If falling in love would make a person change completely... 
Then he’d better not fall in love for now. 
He found this kind of love quite scary. 
Having witnessed all sorts of changes in President Ashton firsthand, he had no interest in falling in love at all. 
"It’s up to you." Ashton Heath didn’t say anything more, nodding and saying, "Let me know when you’re ready and I’ll find someone to introduce you." 
"...Thank you, President Ashton!" 
* 
The day’s film shooting went smoothly. 
Perhaps it was because Gary White had publicly stood up for Joanna Lawrence the day before, but during her opposing scenes with Lisha Alcock, Lisha didn’t deliberately perform poorly anymore. 
Although Joanna was a newcomer, she had a certain talent for acting, 
Even if her acting was still a bit raw, her entire being was full of spirit when she acted.
###Chapter 700: Chapter 699: After a few days of contact, they will probably lose interest.
Many experienced actors don’t have this aura. 
Even if her acting was still raw and not as skilled as Lisha Alcock’s, the aura she exuded during her performance was already very attractive. 
Watching her acting, Gary White seemed a bit excited. 
On the audition day, he instantly took notice of Joanna’s appearance and her rare aura. 
He felt her appearance and the setting of Female Lead 3 in the series matched perfectly. 
Therefore, without even seeing her acting abilities, he decided on her. 
He trusted his instincts. 
Some people are born to act and make a living from it. 
From the first moment he laid eyes on Joanna, Gary had this feeling. 
As it turned out, he wasn’t wrong. 
The scenes of Joanna’s Female Lead 3 couldn’t be considered few, but definitely not many. 
Once her scenes were filmed, Gary White went to find the scriptwriter of the crew and asked him to write more scenes for Joanna. 
Lisha Alcock soon learned about this. 
Inside the nanny car. 
Lisha was so angry that she pushed away the fruit platter her assistant was holding and slammed her phone to the ground with a "crash". 
Her deep red nails dug into her palm as she clenched her teeth and vented, "That siren, Director White has never done such a thing for any female artist, and now he’s doing this for her..." 
"Why her?" 
"Is he trying to promote her from Female Lead 3 to Female Lead 1, pushing her to fame?" 
Actually, during the opposing scenes with Joanna yesterday, Lisha had already felt threatened. 
It was just a few minutes of acting.
Although the difficulty of that scene was not high, 
Joanna, as a newcomer, managed to get through it in one take, which was quite telling. 
Gary White was a demanding person. 
Even a simple scene wouldn’t be simple with him. 
Under normal circumstances, Joanna should have had at least three NGs. 
Today’s opposing scenes would be more challenging and take longer. 
During the scenes with Joanna, Lisha was able to grasp her acting skills more clearly. 
To her, Joanna’s acting was not particularly good, and there were several mistakes today, unlike yesterday’s one-take success. 
However, Lisha still felt a sense of crisis. 
Joanna was still a newcomer. 
Mistakes and immaturity in acting were normal. 
But seeing the aura of acting in a newcomer was not normal. 
Lisha knew all too well what that aura meant. 
"Lisha, calm down. No matter how many scenes Director White gives her, she can’t possibly surpass you. Most likely, she used some siren tricks to grind on, and Director White has no choice but to give her more scenes," said the assistant. 
"Men would get tired of women like her in a few days. Then, Lisha, you can deal with her however you want." 
Lisha looked up at her assistant, "In a few days, Director White will be tired of her?" 
"He definitely will." The assistant quickly said with a smile, "Think about it, how many men can like a woman who asks for things this way? She’s just got a pretty face that caught Director White’s eye." 
"But how long can a pretty face keep a man interested? Especially a picky man like him, after a few days, they’ll lose interest."
###Chapter 701: Chapter 700: What does she have left besides that face?
The assistant’s words made Lisha Alcock feel much better. 
That’s right, Gary White is a very picky man. 
Otherwise, how could there be no successful starlet among all those actresses who wanted to hook him in the entertainment circle? 
It’s said that he’s the most difficult man in the circle to deal with. 
To this day, no woman has been able to get him. 
Even if they wanted a brief fling with him, he wouldn’t give them a chance. 
That Joanna Lawrence just has a siren-like face, which is admittedly, quite seductive to men. 
But apart from that face, what else does she have left? 
Even if she hooks up with Gary White because of her appearance, for this kind of woman with no other shining qualities on her besides her face, Gary White wouldn’t be interested for too long. 
He would get bored soon. 
With these thoughts, Lisha Alcock’s heart became increasingly at ease and the stuffiness that had been stuck in her chest was relieved. 
For now, she’d let the siren have her way for a few more days. 
When Gary White gets tired of the little siren, she would clean her up properly! 
She would show her the outcome of competing with her, Lisha Alcock, for a man. 
Meanwhile, on the other side. 
Without a nanny car, Joanna Lawrence could only hide under a large tree to cool off. Her scenes today were almost all finished, but Lisha Alcock and Maddox Allenson still had a few scenes left. The supporting roles couldn’t leave until the main actors were done. 
"Joanna, you just acted wonderfully! Although Lisha Alcock is a veteran in the industry and has even won the Best Actress Award, you didn’t lose to her at all when you practiced acting together just now." 
"After you guys finished, I saw that her face looked pretty bad." 
"She probably thought she could win you over with her acting skills, but you performed so well. So, she must be feeling uncomfortable inside." 
Nina handed a bottle of water to Joanna Lawrence, and then handed her a tissue to wipe the sweat from her face. 
Joanna took the water, unscrewed the cap, and took a big gulp. 
She used the tissue to remove the sweat stains from her face one by one. 
As she wiped her sweat, Nina sat beside her, propped her head on her hands, and stared at her intently. 
Joanna felt uneasy being watched like this. She looked at Nina, touched her face, and blinked. "Did my makeup smudge?" 
"No," Nina shook her head. 
"Then what are you looking at?" Joanna touched her face again, took out her phone and looked at the screen, but saw nothing on her face. 
Nina’s eyes stared straight at her, admiring her with envy and astonishment. "Joanna, until now I finally understand what inherent beauty means. Joanna, you’re so beautiful, even I, a woman, am almost falling for you." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Joanna, why is your skin so good?" Nina was extremely envious. 
Most female stars in the entertainment industry tend to have good skin. 
Originally, anyone who is in this line of work has an above-average appearance, whether in terms of figure, looks, or skin quality. 
But Joanna Lawrence is definitely the one with the best skin among all the female artists Nina has seen. 
She’s also the one with the most delicate and beautiful features. 
Upon close observation, her skin was as delicate as a peeled egg, with no visible pores. 
It was as if her entire body had been polished. 
And her skin was very fair. 
This fair and tender skin was what Nina had always dreamt of. 
Seeing this creamy, fair skin, Nina even felt the urge to touch it, not to mention those men.
###Chapter 702: Chapter 701: Were you not injured by the crash?
Nina thought about this and couldn’t help but say, "Joanna, your boyfriend must be extremely happy." 
Joanna took a moment to react and asked curiously, "Why?" 
Nina’s gaze landed directly on her fair bosom: "You’re so thin, yet you have a C Cup, and your skin is smooth and soft. If I were your man, I would want to stay in bed with you every day..." 
"..." 
Joanna’s face flushed with embarrassment and annoyance: "Nina, you perverted woman!" 
"I’m telling the truth." Nina made an innocent expression, "Joanna, you’re so beautiful, even I, a woman, want to sleep with you, let alone your man. I guarantee your boyfriend wants to spend every day in bed with you, not letting you get up." 
Sadly, despite having the skills to seduce girls, she had been born as a woman. 
As Nina became more explicit in her remarks, Joanna threatened to hit her: "You think about these things all day, Nina!" 
"Joanna, I’m telling the truth!" 
Nina playfully dodged: "Can you really say your boyfriend doesn’t think like this? If he doesn’t, he’s not a normal man. However, you definitely know best whether he’s normal or not. Hehehe..." 
"Stop running, Nina!" 
Joanna angrily stood up to chase Nina. 
Nina dodged with a giggle. 
As one ran and one chased, Joanna suddenly bumped into someone. 
Her head collided with the person’s chest, causing her nose to hit their firm chest, and her eyes immediately reddened from the pain. 
"Hmm." 
She covered her sore nose and took a step back before she raised her head to apologize, only to hear a familiar voice from above: "Ms. Joanna, are you alright?" 
It was Maddox Allenson... 
Joanna frowned, lifted her head while covering her nose. 
And standing in front of her was none other than Maddox Allenson. 
Seeing her painful look and her hand covering her nose, Maddox’s face revealed concern: "Ms. Joanna, does it hurt a lot? Did anything get hurt?" 
"..." 
Joanna had purposely avoided Maddox today. 
On one hand, she was genuinely scared of his agent. 
On the other hand, she was also afraid of his female fans. 
When Maddox’s fans start arguing, things can get quite scary. 
As a newcomer with no fame, she would definitely be questioned about her self-worth. 
Although his agent didn’t speak nicely, Joanna did listen to some of her words. 
She should...keep her distance from Maddox. 
So today, other than their inevitable contact during their opposing scenes, Joanna didn’t interact with him at all. 
Neither with eye contact nor words. 
She didn’t expect that even after avoiding him so much, she would collide with Maddox again. 
"I’m fine." Joanna had decided to maintain distance, so she didn’t want to have any more exchanges with him. She rubbed her nose, took a step back, and said, "I’m sorry, Mr. Allenson, for bumping into you just now." 
Her deliberate estrangement was noticed by Maddox. 
A trace of loss flashed in his eyes, and his heart felt like it had been stabbed, but his face maintained a smile, "It’s okay. You’re not hurt anywhere, are you?" 
Joanna shook her head, "I’m fine too."
###Chapter 703: Chapter 702: Ms. Joanna, are you alright?
She glanced past him, pretending to look for someone. Upon seeing Nina ahead, she quickened her pace towards her, as if seeing a savior. 
Perhaps she was too hurried, she didn’t notice the stone under her foot and slipped... 
Just as Joanna was about to fall to the ground, Maddox quickly stepped forward to hold her. 
Due to momentum, Joanna’s head bumped into his chest again. 
Maddox instinctively held her waist. 
Under normal circumstances, he should have let go after Joanna had steadied herself. 
But at the instant of releasing her, he felt somewhat reluctant to do so. 
The young girl’s soft and fragrant body leaned against him, sending sweet scents straight into his nostrils. 
He didn’t dare exert too much force when holding her, fearing that her delicate waist might break. 
She was so petite. 
Such a small figure in his arms, reaching just above his chest. 
His one arm could completely wrap her up in his embrace. 
Maddox’s ideal girlfriend was this petite and delicate type of girl, who seemed to need his protection. 
Joanna’s appearance, height, and figure were all to his liking. 
Even the sweet scent emanating from her was one he found appealing. 
His fingers trembled uncontrollably upon touching her soft, slender waist. His heartbeat raced. 
How could such a perfect girl exist? 
She seemed tailored to his preferences in every aspect. 
He had never believed in love at first sight before. 
But now, he did. 
It turned out there really were people you would fall for just by seeing them once. 
And then you’d start to like them more and more. 
Until you couldn’t stop thinking about them day and night. 
Every moment, you couldn’t help but think of her. 
But why would God send such a person to him, only to let her belong to someone else? 
"Mr. Allenson, let go of me..." 
Bumping into Maddox’s embrace again, Joanna’s head struck against his firm chest, leaving her momentarily dazed. 
It took a while for her to recover. 
When she realized his hand still lingered on her waist, she felt a strange sensation deep in her heart and pushed him away. 
That push brought Maddox back to his senses, his rationality restored. 
"I’m sorry, Ms. Joanna. Are you alright?" 
Maddox immediately let go and took a step back. He clasped the hand that had embraced Joanna’s waist, pressed his lips together, took a deep breath, and forcefully suppressed the emotions about to surface in his eyes. 
He knew he had just lost control. 
He had done something ungentlemanly. 
He couldn’t believe he had taken advantage of someone else. 
Suppressing that strange feeling deep in her heart, Joanna shook her head. 
"That’s good," Maddox realized his emotions were becoming increasingly uncontrollable, causing him panic, a feeling of fear and confusion that many things were slipping out of his control and could no longer be reined in. 
This feeling made him want to escape. 
"Since Ms. Joanna is fine, I’ll leave first." After hurriedly saying this, Maddox swiftly turned and left. 
"Joanna, are you alright?" 
Nina came back and looked at Maddox, who had already left. She frowned, and some long-forgotten speculations resurfaced from the depths of her heart.
###Chapter 704: Chapter 703: I want this video. How much money do you want?
She really felt that Maddox Allenson’s attitude towards Joanna Lawrence was different from how he treated others. 
Although he had a good temper and was popular among the film crew, Nina noticed that Maddox Allenson never actively approached any female artist. 
Even with Lisha Alcock, the Female Lead 1, they were only ordinary friends. 
But Maddox Allenson had approached Joanna Lawrence more than once, unprovoked. 
And just now... 
Thinking about that scene, Nina became even more convinced of her suspicions. 
At first, she thought that she might be overthinking it. 
But she didn’t feel too surprised at heart. 
Even she, as a woman, thought Joanna was extremely beautiful—let alone men. 
It’s only normal for men to be attracted to such gorgeous girls. 
Although Maddox Allenson was a popular star, he was also an ordinary man. 
When encountering a beautiful woman, there’s a possibility his heart would waver. 
However, Joanna already had a boyfriend, and she was in love with him. If Maddox Allenson truly liked her, he was destined for disappointment. 
Not far away. 
After capturing the scene of Maddox Allenson helping Joanna on his cellphone, the man quietly walked towards a nanny car parked behind him.
Once inside the car, 
The man took out his phone and said to Lisha Alcock, who was touching up her makeup, "Lisha, I just captured something really interesting on my way to the restroom. I think you’ll be very interested in it." 
Lisha applied her lipstick, glanced at him nonchalantly and said, "Oh? What is it? You’re that sure I will be interested?" 
"You’ll know once you see, Lisha." 
The man confidently handed over his phone and said, "I guarantee you’ll be interested." 
Lisha looked at him for a few seconds before taking the phone and, without much expectation, opened the video. As soon as she saw the two people in the video, her face changed instantly. 
She stared intently at the video. 
It was very short, only about a minute long. 
Soon, Lisha finished watching it. 
She gripped the phone tightly and looked up at the man, "I want this video. How much do you want for it?" 
The man laughed, "Lisha, you’re so straightforward." 
* 
When the news broke, Joanna and Nina were still unaware. 
The first person to find out was Maddox Allenson. 
Once the last scene was filmed, Maddox was about to go to the locker room to change when Mike stormed off the car, furious. 
"Maddox, look at what you’ve done!" said Mike, shoving his phone into Maddox’s hand, his face turning a livid shade. "I’ve told you so many times to keep your distance from her, but you never listen." 
"Now look what has happened, she’s getting torn apart by your fans." 
"If you really like her, this isn’t love, you’re destroying her!" 
Maddox quickly lifted his head. 
"Mike, what happened?" 
"See for yourself." Mike was too angry to speak, "You were with her today, and someone secretly filmed you. It’s such an intimate video too. I just checked your blog, and your female fans are all clamoring to tear her apart." 
"I guess her blog must have blown up by now. Maddox, I’m telling you, you’ve really hurt her this time." 
Maddox’s face changed slightly as he hurriedly looked down and opened his phone. 
After checking his blog, his face gradually darkened.
###Chapter 705: Chapter 704: She Got Involved Because of Me
The sky had darkened, and the coldness of the night cast a chilling shadow over his handsome face, his fingers tightening as he pressed a clear fingerprint on the phone screen. 
"Did you finish reading?" Mike looked at his expression, the anger seemingly subsided, and asked calmly. 
Maddox pressed his lips together, looked up, and glared at him angrily. 
"When did this happen?" 
"Half an hour ago." 
"Did you find out who took the video?" 
"Hmph, no way it’s been found out that quickly." Mike said dismissively, "It’s not surprising that someone filmed this. I told you so many times, and you always turned a deaf ear. Your self-control is so weak, it’s totally normal for people to capture this." 
"The actresses who tried to ride your coattails before were just making up things. Your fans are smart, they knew all those women were just making up stories and didn’t bother much with them. But it’s different this time - your fans seem pretty angry, and I guess they saw something." 
"Little Tutu, your fans love you and won’t harm you. But Joanna is in deep trouble now." Mike said calmly, stating a fact, "She doesn’t have any fan base, and when your fans tear her apart, there won’t be anyone to defend her or speak for her." 
"Her career might just start looking up with this TV series. With a little more luck, she could even get a little famous. But after this, do you think she still has a chance?" 
Maddox’s face grew uglier, "I know all of that, you don’t have to say any more." 
Mike said coldly, "That girl probably doesn’t even know about this yet. Once she finds out and sees how your fans are cursing her on the blog, what do you think she’ll feel?" 
Maddox clenched his fist. 
"Mike." He was silent for a moment, turned his head, and said coldly, "This happened because of me, and she got involved because of me. You need to find someone to remove the related hot search as soon as possible, and later, I’ll make a clarification on the blog." 
"Are you out of your mind?" 
Mike’s eyes widened in disbelief, "You’re going to clarify on the blog? If your fans see that, they’ll have even more reason to tear her apart. Have you ever stood up for any female artist before? No, right? And how do you think she’ll feel being the first one you defend?" 
"So what should we do?" 
Maddox slammed his fist on the car door, "You know she’s still a newcomer, and her signing agency might not help her sort this out. If we don’t help her, who will?" 
"Mike, I have to help her." 
At this moment, Maddox’s guilt was beyond measure. 
If he hadn’t lost control and kept approaching her, if he hadn’t succumbed to temptation today and yearned to spend more time with her, even if someone deliberately wanted to create a scandal about him, they wouldn’t have had the opportunity. 
This scandal was caused by him. 
If Joanna suffered attacks and insults from his fans, or even if her career was affected because of him, his conscience would never be at ease for the rest of his life. 
Since all this began because of him 
He should be the one to put an end to it. 
"Of course, the company will step forward and make a clarification about this scandal for you. Like I said, this won’t affect you much, but it’ll definitely impact her. Even if the company steps in and clarifies, there were indeed some intimate acts between you and her in the video. It’s normal for your female fans not to accept it."
###Chapter 706: Chapter 705: I Don’t Want to......Hurt Her
"In your fans’ eyes, it must not be that you initiated it. So it could only be that she deliberately pretended to fall and seduce you." 
Maddox Allenson’s face grew colder and colder. His lips moved slightly, wanting to say something, but he couldn’t utter a single word. 
Because he knew that what Mike had said was true. 
This matter wouldn’t affect him much. 
Everyone would think that Joanna Lawrence was intentionally trying to gain attention from him. 
Even her fall would be considered deliberate by others. 
She would be labeled as a scheming woman who wanted to become famous through a scandal with him. 
"I’ll be more careful in the future." 
After a long silence, Maddox looked at Mike pleadingly, "Mike, we must help her this time. She’s still young, and her career has just begun. It can’t be ruined because of me. I beg you, please help her, okay?" 
"From now on, I won’t take the initiative to find her anymore. I’ll keep my distance from her." 
Mike had been waiting for him to say those words. 
In fact, it was unlikely that Joanna’s problem couldn’t be solved. 
If he couldn’t handle such a small matter, his job as an agent would have been taken away long ago. 
He made this situation seem so serious just to force Maddox to say those words. 
To make him voluntarily maintain a distance from Joanna. 
No amount of preaching would help. 
Only by showing Maddox the consequences of being involved in a scandal with Joanna could his restless heart finally settle down.
"Will you really keep your distance from her and not seek her out anymore?" 
"Yes." Maddox lowered his eyes, covering the bitterness at the bottom of his eyes, and smiled bitterly, "I wouldn’t dare to seek her out anymore. I don’t want to... harm her." 
If his affection could only bring her trouble, what else could he do besides giving up? 
He couldn’t bear to let others hurt her, let alone hurt her himself. 
"Alright, remember that." Mike stared at him, saying word by word, "You said it yourself. I’ll help you handle this trouble this time. But if it happens again, don’t bother finding me." 
* 
Joanna learned about the scandal involving her and Maddox Allenson from a phone call with Linda. 
When she received the call from Linda informing her that the scandal between her and Maddox had caused a stir on the Blog, she was quite surprised for a while. 
"Linda, you mean I’m having a scandal with Maddox?" 
After getting a positive response from Linda, she still hadn’t quite understood, "But, what kind of scandal can there be between me and him? We... don’t have anything scandalous, do we?" 
She had already tried her best to stay away from Maddox. 
When they weren’t working together, there was no interaction between them. 
Even when they were interacting, it was never just the two of them alone—there were always other people around. 
"Of course I know that you and Maddox can’t possibly be involved in a real scandal. But the situation is getting out of hand now. His fans are accusing you of deliberately playing tricks to get attention from him, and there’s no response from his side yet." 
"In short, the current situation is very unfavorable for you. The company will send out public relations to make a clarification for you, but as for the effectiveness, I don’t know. As you know, his female fans are not easy to deal with. They now believe that you’re deliberately trying to seduce Maddox. Even if we clarify it on our side, they probably won’t believe it." 
"For now, don’t make any responses. Just wait and see how Maddox’s side responds."
###Chapter 707: Chapter 706: Is it... that terrifying?
"Joanna, stay away from this guy in the future. His fans are not something you want to mess with. You better go talk to him, his fans tend to listen to him." 
"If he’s willing to help you, this issue could be resolved relatively easily. If he doesn’t speak up for you, it’s definitely going to affect you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..."
She suddenly felt like crying. 
She thought of herself as trouble incarnate. 
Ever since Linda signed her, she had caused two scandals already. 
The first was a scandal with David Benington. 
Now, there’s scandal with Maddox Allenson. 
Although Linda didn’t reproach her, she didn’t know what to say because of her guilt. 
If she had signed such a trouble-causing artist, she would have regretted it for sure. 
Probably, Linda already regretted signing her by now. 
She didn’t bring any profit to the company yet, but she did cause a lot of troubles. 
No company would want an artist like her. 
"I’m sorry, Linda," said Joanna Lawrence, filled with self-blame. "I’ve caused trouble for you again. I know just saying sorry is useless, but I really mean it." 
"It’s not something you can control." Linda spoke calmly, "Maddox Allenson is very popular now. Any female artist who gets slightly close to him would be accused of using him for popularity." 
"Unless, that person has more fame than him." 
"You’re not the first female artist to be accused of riding on his popularity." 
"When I found out that he was the male lead for this series, I guessed that something like this might happen. I just didn’t expect it to happen so fast." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She would rather have Linda lash out at her. 
At least she would feel better that way. 
"For now, do not respond to anything. Let’s see how Maddox Allenson’s PR Team handles this. I’ll be keeping an eye on them too. I’ll call you to discuss what to do next when the time comes." 
"Also, are you still on set? Be careful when you leave, I’m afraid his fans might harass you." 
Joanna Lawrence was startled: "His fans... would actually come to harass me?" 
She thought, at most, they would just curse her online. 
Linda spoke gravely, "Of course they will. A female artist once angered his fans by forcefully creating a love team with him to gain popularity. She got cornered and had many stinky eggs thrown at her. She was scared out of her wits. She later developed a phobia because of the incident and ended up quitting the industry." 
Joanna Lawrence was dumbfounded: "..." 
Was it really... that horrifying? 
"Anyway, be careful. Better safe than sorry." 
"I know." In the middle of summer, Joanna Lawrence broke out in a cold sweat from fear. 
She wiped the sweat off her forehead, ready to hang up the call, when Linda asked another question, "What’s going on between you and Gary White? I heard rumors from the drama crew that he likes you?" 
"That’s not true at all," Joanna Lawrence hurriedly explained. "He’s a friend of a friend of my boyfriend. Before I came here, they had given Gary White a heads up, that’s why he pays me special attention." 
"That’s good then. Since you have a boyfriend and you’re serious about him, you have to watch yourself when interacting with other men. Otherwise, when your relationship gets revealed, all these things will become black marks for you."
###Chapter 708: Chapter 707: Are You Desperate to Ride on the Coattails of This Hype?
"I know, Linda. I will be careful." 
After saying a few more words, Linda hung up the phone. 
As soon as Linda hung up, Joanna heard Nina’s surprised voice: "Joanna, I was just on the blog, and I saw you..." 
"I already know." 
Before she could finish, Joanna frowned: "Linda just called me and told me everything." 
"So now what?" Nina glanced at Joanna’s expression, cautiously saying, "Maddox’s fans are attacking you crazily in the comments. Joanna, they are really scary." 
"I saw someone saying they want to form a group and come to the film crew to teach you a lesson." 
Joanna: "..." 
They want to form a team and come to teach her a lesson? 
Oh my, Linda just warned her to be careful about Maddox’s fans coming over to confront her, but she felt it was an unrealistic situation. 
Are people really planning to come and confront her? 
This is too terrifying. 
What kind of terrifying existence are these female fans of Maddox? 
"Joanna, these female fans seem to be young and have a weak sense of the law. They might really come here and cause trouble. We should leave as soon as possible." Nina sounded a bit scared. 
Young female fans can be really terrifying. 
They can go to any extremes. 
Joanna couldn’t help but pull out her phone to check the blog. She found that a post she had made a while ago had already received over ten thousand comments.
There were also several thousand comments mentioning her. 
Knowing that there wouldn’t be anything good in the comments, she hesitated for a moment but still decided to check. 
As soon as she clicked in, she saw that the hot comments were all insulting her. 
All of them were obscene words that were unpleasant to look at. 
All those who insulted her were fans of Maddox, occupying her comments section. 
Maddox’s Devotee: Damn, you shameless woman, trying to rub off the popularity of our brother, you’re not even worthy? You even deliberately feigned a fall to let our brother help you up, it’s disgusting! How can you be so shameless? 
Maddox’s Adorer: Slut! Disgusting! Obsessed with popularity huh, did you even think whose popularity you are trying to steal! Do you believe that our army of Maddox’s fans will tear your plastic surgery face apart! 
Joanna Rest in Hell: Joanna is so disgusting. Every time I think about my brother carrying this Bitch Joanna, I feel disgusted for my brother a thousand and ten thousand times. My brother is kind-hearted and feared she would fall, that’s why he helped her, but she took advantage of him. How can there be such a shameless slut, go to hell, go to hell, go to hell! 
Curse on Joanna: Stinking bitch, how dare you rely on our brother’s arms? If you deliberately fell, you must die tonight! 
Group against Bitch Joanna: Ah, I was so angry watching that video, I was about to be pissed off. Is anyone willing to go with me to teach that stinking bitch a lesson? I really want to tear apart her disgusting plastic face right now. 
The air around Joanna was heavy with violent demands and curses. 
Joanna only looked at it for less than a minute before she turned pale and left the comments area. 
She simply couldn’t believe it. 
Those violent curses and demands were issued by a group of underage girls. 
She checked their blog accounts just now, they were all fifteen or sixteen-year-old girls. 
However, the comments they made really made her, an adult, shiver with dread. 
No wonder people say that it’s not easy to mess with Maddox’s female fans. 
This isn’t just hard to provoke, it’s better not to provoke at all. 
If she had known his fans were this terrifying from the beginning, she would have stayed away from Maddox no matter what.
###Chapter 709: Chapter 708: For your safety, please don’t go out temporarily
Even if it would offend him. 
Offending him alone was much better than offending his multitude of female fans. 
"Joanna, did you just check out the comments?" Upon seeing Joanna’s expression, Nina guessed that she must have seen those comments. 
Those comments were really scary. 
She was frightened by them just now. 
"Yes." Joanna exited the blog and didn’t want to look at those comments anymore, "Are the fans of male artists all this crazy and scary now?" 
"Not all of them." 
Thinking for a moment, Nina said, "Female fans have always been quite terrifying, it’s just that Maddox Allenson’s fans are many times more terrifying than those of other male artists. Although he isn’t in the idol category, his appearance drives young girls crazy." 
Reminded of those horrible comments, Joanna still had lingering fears. 
Now, she thought what Linda said about the "stinky eggs" was comparatively mild. 
When she saw how crazy those fans were, it was far beyond throwing stinky eggs. 
They were probably capable of committing murder and arson. 
At first, when Joanna heard Linda talking about the fans’ craziness, she was already a bit scared. 
After she saw those malicious comments, her timid heart was even more on the verge of crying. 
What kind of trouble had she gotten herself into? 
This was much worse than David Benington’s incident. 
Annie Lawrence’s fans were not as terrifying as Maddox Allenson’s female fans. 
"Ms. Joanna, Maddox wanted me to come to tell you that you shouldn’t leave the film crew right now." A person came towards them, it was Max, Maddox Allenson’s assistant. 
Joanna was scared by Maddox’s fans. 
So much so that when she saw anyone related to Maddox, she was a little afraid. 
Looking at Max, she immediately looked behind him, and when she saw no one else following, she let out a slight sigh of relief. 
She roughly guessed what was going on. 
Fear and anxiety filled her heart, yet she had to pretend to be calm, "Why? Are there people waiting for me outside?" 
Max nodded, "Yes. I presume Ms. Joanna has already seen the rumor about you and Maddox. Those people waiting for you outside are Maddox’s fans; they are very agitated right now and may do something unpredictable." 
"For your safety, don’t leave the studio for now." 
Her fear was coming true. 
Joanna’s face turned pale, "Are there many people?" 
Max nodded again, "About a dozen. The staff are holding them back, so they can’t get in. And Director White has already called the police, who will come and take them away shortly. But before that, you must not go out." 
"Okay, I understand." 
There’s no way Joanna would dare to go out now. 
Nina angrily spoke out against Max, "Maddox’s fans are way too terrifying! Joanna clearly has nothing to do with him. He just helped Joanna, and they say that she deliberately seduced him and tried to take advantage of his fame." 
"Now, those fans are coming to find Joanna." 
Max scratched his nose with an innocent face, "You can’t blame Maddox for that. He didn’t ask someone to make up the rumors. He’s even blaming himself for this incident now, thinking that he got Ms. Joanna into trouble." 
"By the way, Ms. Joanna," Max turned to Joanna and said, "Maddox asked me to relay a message to you. He said that he is sorry because this incident was caused by him,
###Chapter 710: Chapter 709: Can you still prepare in advance when someone wants to deal with you?
"He must apologize to you. But... with what happened today, he’s not in a good position to come and see you again." 
"Otherwise, someone with ulterior motives might take more sneaky photos." 
"He also asked me to tell you that he’ll handle this matter well, so you don’t have to worry." 
Joanna nodded, indicating that she understood, "Yeah, I know. Actually, he doesn’t need to apologize to me. He’s a victim in this incident too. It’s the sneaky photographer’s fault." 
"It’s great that Ms. Joanna thinks this way," Max said with a smile, "Maddox feels terrible about it, and I can tell his mood is quite bad. I’ll convey Ms. Joanna’s words to him when I go back, I believe it will make him feel better." 
"If there’s nothing else, I’ll be on my way." 
Not long after Max had left, a staff member from the film crew approached. 
Joanna had been on the set for two days and recognized the staff member as someone from Gary White’s team. 
The staff member came up to her, stopped, and politely said, "Ms. Joanna, Director White said the situation outside is not very good, so he wants you to leave in his car. Miss Nina can go with us." 
Joanna didn’t give it much thought and nodded, "Alright." 
She didn’t know when those fans would leave. 
At the moment, leaving in Gary White’s car seemed to be the best choice. 
She knew that once she got into Gary White’s car, the film crew would start gossiping about her relationship with him again. 
But she couldn’t care less now. 
Anyway, are there few people who misunderstand her and Gary White now? 
Since they’ve already misunderstood, it doesn’t matter whether she goes in Gary White’s car or not. 
"Then, Ms. Joanna, please come with me. Director White is waiting for you in the car." 
* 
Gary White’s car was a black Maybach. 
After following the staff member over, Joanna saw that the car window was open, and Gary White was sitting in the driver’s seat, smoking a cigarette, and his half-closed eyes were gazing at something. 
"Director White, Ms. Joanna is here," the staff member reminded him. 
Gary White then turned his head, glanced at Joanna with his half-closed eyes, and pressed a button next to him, opening the car door. 
He crushed the half-remaining cigarette in the ashtray and motioned Joanna with his chin, "Get in." 
Joanna opened the door and sat down in the front passenger seat. 
Gary White motioned toward her again, "Buckle up." 
Joanna obediently fastened her seatbelt. 
"Are you scared?" Gary White asked her. 
"...Yeah, a little," Joanna thought for a moment, then turned to him and said, "Director White, I’m sorry for causing trouble for the crew." 
Gary White pulled up a corner of his lips, "Why are you saying sorry to me? It’s not like you’re the one who called those people." 
"Besides, the scandal between you and Maddox Allenson wasn’t something you wanted to cause, right?" 
Joanna bit her lip and fell silent for a while before nodding. 
"So, you don’t need to apologize to anyone," Gary White didn’t blame her at all, but rather seemed to be comforting her, "You’re a newcomer with little to no fame. If someone wants to bring you down, can you really be prepared for it in advance?" 
Joanna suddenly turned her head. 
Just now, it seemed like she caught something from Gary White’s words. 
"Director White, are you saying that the scandal between Maddox and me was mainly targeted at me?" 
She had thought that it was a journalist lurking in the crew who had taken the photos. 
Just like how other scandals involving Maddox were exposed before, all for the sake of getting attention and increasing traffic.
###Chapter 711: Chapter 710: What’s the matter, why are you staring at me like that?
She never even considered that it would be targeting her. 
But Gary White’s meaning... it seemed like this scandal was targeting her? 
Gary White looked at her and raised his lips: "What do you think, that this is just an ordinary scandal?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..."
That was exactly what she thought. 
Isn’t it? 
"Director White, did you find anything out?" Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a moment, then asked in a low voice. 
"It’s just a small matter." Gary White said indifferently, "It’s easy to find out who took the video. Do you think I wouldn’t know about these kind of scheming things happening on my turf?" 
"So, can you tell me who took the video?" Joanna Lawrence asked. 
Joanna Lawrence probably had already guessed who it was. 
Among the film crew, the person who had the most conflict with her could only be that person. 
Even if others had opinions about her, they haven’t reached the point of wanting to put her to death. 
"You’re so smart, I believe you already know." Gary White glanced at the car window beside her, which was still open, and reminded her, "Roll up the window, so people won’t see you." 
Joanna Lawrence thought about the terrifying female fans waiting outside and immediately rolled up all the windows. 
Not leaving even a single gap. 
She also tapped the car window lightly, then turned her head and asked seriously, "Director White, your car is so good, is the window strong? If people throw things like stinky eggs, they won’t break the window, right?" 
She wasn’t afraid of those female fans throwing eggs at her. 
She was more afraid of them throwing bricks or something. 
Gary White: "..." 
He couldn’t help but laugh: "You little girl, you’re already in my car, and you’re still worried about someone bullying you?" 
"Am I, Gary White, so useless that I can’t even protect a little girl?" 
Gary White laughed, and his whole demeanor suddenly became warm. 
The cold and distant aura around him was instantly gone. 
While filming, he was very serious, no matter who it was, as long as they didn’t meet his requirements, he could scold them until they were covered in dog blood. 
Even if their status was great, he wouldn’t give them face. 
During work, Joanna Lawrence was a bit afraid of Gary White. 
But at this moment, she stared blankly at the warm and clean smile of the man in front of her, feeling the distance between them suddenly reduced, and inexplicably felt a sense of closeness. 
She didn’t even know where this closeness came from. 
It just felt like the Gary White in front of her was different from the one she knew before. 
He seemed to have a bit of a mentor vibe. 
"What’s wrong, just staring at me like that?" Gary White’s handsome face suddenly moved closer to her, and he jokingly said with a smile, "Did you suddenly find me good-looking and got your heart moved?" 
"Ahem, ahem." Joanna Lawrence was startled when he moved closer and leaned her head back. 
Although she knew Gary White was joking, she was still alarmed by what he said just now. 
Because she never thought that someone like Gary White would make such a joke with her. 
He usually looked very serious. 
Not at all like a man who would make ambiguous jokes. 
"Ahem, Director White, I have a boyfriend already." 
Joanna Lawrence wasn’t worried that Gary White would take a fancy to her at all. She thought it was impossible. 
There was no such meaning in Gary White’s gaze at her.
###Chapter 712: Chapter 711: Clearly Beyond the Normal Range
Women’s intuition can be quite accurate in certain aspects. 
She could sense that Gary White had no romantic feelings for her. 
So, she boldly said, "In my eyes, my boyfriend is the most handsome person. Other men are all the same to me. And I only have feelings for my boyfriend." 
"If Director White has any thoughts about me, I think you better dismiss them as soon as possible. Because my boyfriend and I have a great relationship, and I won’t break up with him for any other man." 
After saying that, Joanna Lawrence felt a bit regretful. 
Ah, what did she just say? 
She must have been deceived by Gary White’s smile, which led her to think he had a good temper and would be fine with a joking nature. 
So, she dared to joke with him. 
But as soon as she finished speaking, her mind cleared up. 
She was now extremely regretful. 
What if Gary White got angry? 
What if he wanted to recast Female Lead 3 out of anger? 
He was definitely capable of doing that. 
"Director White ..." 
Just as she was filled with regret and wanted to apologize, she suddenly heard a low laugh from the man beside her. 
The laughter sounded ... quite pleasant. 
Huh? 
Joanna raised her head in confusion, meeting Gary White’s eyes filled with an amused smile. 
He didn’t seem angry at all. 
Not only was he not angry, but he also appeared to be in a good mood. 
Joanna was stunned and cautiously asked, "Director White, are you not angry?" 
White raised his eyebrows and looked at her, "Why would I be angry?" 
"Uh, because I just ... said that. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it, I was just joking with you. If you don’t like it, I won’t ever ..." 
Before she could finish, a large hand on her head startled her, and she widened her eyes in shock. 
It was a natural movement for Gary White to rub her head. While Joanna was still recovering from the shock, he withdrew his hand and said, "Since it’s a joke, there’s no reason for me to be angry. You, a little girl, are not my type." 
"To me, there’s no difference between you and a little sister." 
Joanna slowly regained her senses, looking at the man beside her who had resumed a serious expression, feeling an odd sensation in her heart. 
Just now, Gary’s gesture had clearly crossed the line. 
By rights, she should be angry. 
Even if she wasn’t angry, she should have slapped his hand away immediately to set her boundaries. 
Because that gesture was ... too intimate. 
Except for Ashton Heath and her scumbag ex, David Benington, no other man had ever done that to her. 
She should have been very resistant. 
But her first reaction was one of surprise. After that, she didn’t think about pushing him away. 
There was no sign of repulsion at all. 
Instead, there was an inexplicable sense of familiarity. 
Oh my god. 
Joanna’s face changed as she considered a possibility, and her composure disappeared in an instant. 
Could it be that ... she had some feelings for Gary White? 
That was why she didn’t resist his gesture just now. 
Moreover, she even found it familiar. 
She couldn’t think of any other reason except for having feelings for someone. 
After considering this possibility, Joanna hurriedly averted her gaze, not daring to look at Gary White again.
###Chapter 713: Chapter 712: She’s Not That Bad of a Woman
Her heart was in turmoil, and she felt lost and helpless. 
She also had a sense of guilt for betraying Ashton Heath, feeling that she owed him an apology. 
How could she fall in love with another man? 
Ashton Heath treated her so well; if she fell for someone else, she would be too much. 
But she’s not such a terrible woman! 
She didn’t think she had fallen for Gary White. 
Looking at Gary White, she felt no flutter in her heart. 
How could it be love without her heart being moved? 
But if there is no affection, how could one explain her thoughts just now? 
For a moment, Joanna Lawrence was entangled in various knots and blockages in her heart. 
At one moment, she felt she might have some feelings for Gary White, but at the next, she thought she didn’t. 
For a moment, she felt she owed Ashton Heath an apology. At the next moment, she felt that her love belonged to only Ashton, and she couldn’t possibly betray him. 
She remained conflicted until the car left the filming location. It wasn’t until she saw the group of crazy fans that she came to her senses. 
Through the car window, she saw more than ten young girls standing by the road. 
The oldest among them was estimated to be about seventeen or eighteen years old. 
The others appeared even younger. 
These girls all carried bags, the contents of which Joanna could not see. Still, she guessed they must be carrying items to throw at her. 
The group seemed emotionally charged and appeared to be arguing with the film crew’s security guards, even pushing and shoving them. 
The security guards were holding them back and not letting them enter the shooting base. 
There were more of them than Joanna had imagined. 
She didn’t dare to imagine what would happen if she left without prior notice. 
The black Maybach drove past the group of crazed female fans. 
Those inside the car could see people outside, but those outside couldn’t see the people inside. 
The female fans had no idea that the person they were desperately waiting for was right there in the car. 
It wasn’t until the Maybach had gone far away, and there was no more threat, that Joanna finally let go of her hand on her chest and let out a long sigh. 
"How terrifying." 
Although the threat was temporarily over, she still felt anxious, "I wonder what they have in their bags. Do you think there could be hammers and bricks inside?" 
"These fans are so young. How can they do such crazy things?" 
"What if they keep stalking me?" 
The car stopped at a red light ahead. 
Gary White looked at the vibrating phone, pulled his lips, and said, "I think what you should be worried about now is not this. Little girl, ever thought about how your boyfriend would feel seeing the rumors about you and another man?" 
"Shouldn’t this be your primary concern now?" 
Someone must be furious at this moment. 
It could be felt from the messages he sent. 
He was already a person with an intense possessiveness. 
Now, seeing his woman entangled with another man in rumors, probably... 
Joanna was startled. 
She turned to look at Gary White and slowly widened her eyes. 
She actually... forgot about Ashton Heath. 
She didn’t even consider that Ashton would see those rumors too. 
How possessive and jealous that man could be, she wasn’t unaware of it. 
He was even jealous of Aria Rowlett. If he saw those rumors...
###Chapter 714: Chapter 713: Refusing to Answer Her Calls
Regardless of whether it’s true or not, he would definitely mind. 
Gary White turned his head to look at her: "Has your boyfriend contacted you?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...No." 
She felt that Ashton Heath probably hadn’t seen the gossip yet. 
Otherwise, with his personality, he wouldn’t be able to keep calm and not call or message her to ask about it. 
Gary White looked at her with a slightly sympathetic gaze: "The gossip is all over the place, it’s impossible for him not to know. If he knows but hasn’t contacted you, what do you think is going on?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
If he knew but still hadn’t contacted her, then...it would be terrifying. 
He must be so angry that he couldn’t stand it. 
Thinking about it, Joanna Lawrence’s heart suddenly became uneasy. 
She immediately took out her phone and dialed Ashton Heath’s number. 
It connected quickly. 
In the past, whenever she called Ashton Heath, he would answer within half a ring or a ring. 
But this time, it rang for a long time and Ashton Heath didn’t answer. 
This was the first time Joanna Lawrence had called him and he didn’t answer. 
Encountering such a situation for the first time, Joanna Lawrence felt a little panicked. 
She was also at a loss. 
Gary White glanced at her: "Did you call your boyfriend? So, he didn’t answer?" 
Joanna Lawrence bit her lip, feeling very anxious: "Yes." 
"Has he ever not answered your calls before?" 
Joanna Lawrence, increasingly panicked by his question, shook her head: "No. Whenever I call him, he always answers quickly." 
"Is it possible that he’s busy or his phone isn’t with him?" Gary White already knew that Ashton Heath had deliberately not answered, as he had just received a Twitter message from him. 
So the situation of not having a phone with him didn’t exist. 
He estimated that that guy was angry, acted proud, and ignored his girlfriend. 
But the angrier he was, the more it meant he cared. 
He probably wouldn’t act proud for long. 
"No, he always has his phone with him. When I called him before, he would answer quickly. He said that he has his phone by his side 24 hours a day, and it’s always on. I can find him anytime when I need him." 
Joanna Lawrence hung up the phone and called again. 
Just like before, it rang for a long time, and there was no answer on the other end. 
As the voice of "The user is busy, please call again later" came from her phone, her face collapsed bit by bit, and her eyes became sour in an instant. 
Ashton Heath refused to answer her call. 
He must be angry. 
He saw the gossip about her and Maddox Allenson and got jealous. 
Moreover, he must be really angry this time, so he didn’t even answer the phone. 
Joanna Lawrence suddenly felt wronged. 
Ashton Heath always treated her with the utmost care and wouldn’t bear to say harsh words to her, let alone neglect her. 
He cherished her like a treasure. 
When she called him, he answered in a second. 
When she sent a message to him, he replied in a second. 
But now, she had called him twice in a row, and he still wouldn’t answer. 
She had never been wronged like this by him before. 
Suddenly, she felt very sad, very wronged. 
And she really wanted to cry. 
Could this be her fault?
She didn’t want to be involved in a scandal with Maddox Allenson either. 
Moreover, in the video, Maddox Allenson only helped her out of gentlemanly manners, and they did not do anything that crossed their relationship boundaries.
###Chapter 715: Chapter 714: He Likes This Girl
Even if he’s angry and feeling jealous, he should be rational about it, right? 
"Still not answering?" Gary White looked at the girl beside him with red-rimmed eyes, as if she would cry at any moment. Somehow, he felt a little heartache for her. 
This heartache had nothing to do with love. 
And it had nothing to do with friendship either. 
He couldn’t say that he and Joanna Lawrence had any friendship to speak of yet. 
But he could feel that he liked this girl. 
Being around her felt relaxing and pleasing. 
He couldn’t help but have the urge to do some intimate gestures towards her. 
For example, now he wanted to reach out and touch her head to comfort her. 
Gary had always been a man of action. As soon as he had this thought, his hand fell on Joanna’s head, gently rubbing it: "There’s nothing to be sad about. If your boyfriend isn’t answering your calls because he’s angry, it shows that he cares about you." 
"That’s why he’s jealous." 
"It’s just a normal reaction. If he’s not angry at all and doesn’t care, then you would really have a reason to feel sad. Once he gets over his anger, he’ll naturally take the initiative to contact you. We’re all adults here, so don’t cry so easily, okay?" 
"If he doesn’t answer your calls, stop calling him. When he wants to find you, he will naturally contact you." 
Gary White was inexplicably annoyed with Ashton Heath. 
What kind of man is he, being angry with his woman over trivial matters? 
Hadn’t he thought about how sad his actions would make her? 
Gary decided immediately that he should teach Ashton a lesson. 
Make him less arrogant. 
He couldn’t stand to see women cry. 
Especially when the girl beside him had teary eyes, he suddenly felt very uncomfortable. 
Joanna was still thinking of calling him again. However, after listening to Gary’s words, she blinked her tear-filled eyes and asked with half conviction and half doubt: "Will this work? He must be angry at me now, waiting for me to appease him. If I ignore him, will he be even angrier?" 
"No." 
Gary replied confidently: "I am a man, I know better than you what men are thinking. Listen to me, from now on, don’t bother him, don’t call him, and don’t send him messages. If he contacts you, don’t respond." 
"If you give him the cold shoulder for a while, he won’t dare to treat you like this again." 
"If he contacts me, I’ll ignore him too? Isn’t that a bit too much?" 
"There’s nothing wrong with that." Gary White appeared confident, "Men are masochistic. The less you care about him, the more he will care about you. If you show that you are overly concerned about him, he will become arrogant." 
"Listen to me, go cold on him for at least one night. If he contacts you tomorrow, you can talk to him again." 
"If he really cares about you, he won’t stop contacting you just because you ignored him for one night." 
"Think of this as a test for him." 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt that Gary White’s words made some sense. 
Moreover, he had no reason to deceive her. 
Men do indeed understand men better. 
However, should she really do this? 
She was worried that if she did this, Ashton would be even angrier. 
"Why, don’t you believe me?" Gary White saw her hesitation and raised his eyebrows. 
"No." Joanna shook her head quickly, "It’s just that I think my boyfriend is different from ordinary men. I’m afraid if I do this, he will be even angrier."
###Chapter 716: Chapter 715: You Can’t Blackmail Me!
Ashton Heath is easy to appease. 
But when he’s angry, it’s not so easy to calm him down. 
"Just trust me this time." His phone vibrated again, Gary White glanced down at the message someone sent via Twitter. His lips curled slightly - his desire to tease Ashton Heath solidified. "Doing this will only strengthen your relationship with your boyfriend." 
"If you think a whole night is too long, at least give him the cold shoulder for four or five hours. Can’t you bear that? If you can’t even tolerate this, you will always be the one to back down first in a real argument." 
"Do you want it to be like that?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought about it seriously, and shook her head. 
With a satisfied look, Gary White stroked her head again. His actions were as natural as if he had done them countless times before. 
"Then listen to me." He said, "From now on, stop worrying about your boyfriend." 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a while, deciding to trust her director this time, she nodded and asked, "If he calls me now, should I not pick up?" 
"Don’t pick up. During this time, ignore him if he tries to contact you." 
"...All right." 
"Mm, good girl." Gary White couldn’t resist. He reached out and stroked Joanna Lawrence’s head again. 
The girl had soft and smooth hair, it felt great. 
It was a bit like the long-haired Persian cat he had at home. 
Her appearance too, was as cute and adorable as a kitten. 
At first, Joanna Lawrence hadn’t noticed these actions. When she became aware of them, she restrained herself for a while, but finally couldn’t resist asking, "Director White, can I ask you a question?" 
"Hmm?" 
"Do you treat all your female actors this way?" 
If it were anyone else, Joanna Lawrence would definitely think that person’s behavior was flippant and that they were taking advantage of her, she would feel repugnant. 
But if it’s Gary White... 
She didn’t think it was like that at all. 
She was just puzzled about why he would act this way. 
"Hmm?" Gary White raised his eyebrows again. 
A few seconds later, Joanna Lawrence took a deep breath and said directly, "It’s just, you just touched my head..." 
And, she had just now realized that he had touched it a few times already. 
Gary White was stunned, as if he was stumped by Joanna Lawrence’s question. He hesitated for quite a while. 
He suddenly realized that he had been too affectionate toward Joanna Lawrence. 
The times he had just stroked her head, he didn’t think much of it, but now, considering their relationship, it was indeed a bit inappropriate. 
Moreover, Joanna Lawrence already had a boyfriend. 
What he was doing to a girl who has a boyfriend was indeed inappropriate. 
But he clearly understood that he had no such intentions towards Joanna Lawrence. 
He just thought the girl beside him was really cute, like a girl-next-door type. 
"Director White, I...I have a boyfriend." Joanna Lawrence took another deep breath, turned her head, and emphasized seriously to the man beside her, "I love my boyfriend very much. I plan to marry him in the future. For me, although my career is important, he is more important than my career." 
"I will not sacrifice him for my career." 
So, don’t think of propositioning me! 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t speak the last sentence aloud. 
But she thought that Gary White, being an intelligent man, must have understood her intentions. 
Originally, she didn’t think that Gary White had any ulterior motives towards her. 
After all, she could usually feel if a man had such intentions towards her. 
With Gary White, she didn’t feel anything like that.
###Chapter 717: Chapter 716: I’ve Always Wanted a Little Sister Since I Was Young
But those few "head pats" from Gary White made her uncertain again. 
Generally speaking, men would only "pat" the heads of the women they liked. 
If Gary White didn’t like her, how would he explain his actions just now? 
If he did like her, she would have to clarify early on. 
She was a married woman. 
She wouldn’t entertain flirtations with other men, much less pretend to be single to give others a chance. 
Although there were no shortage of such people in the industry who would hide their partners for the sake of their careers, she wouldn’t be one of them. 
Moreover, if she dared to do so, she didn’t know how Ashton Heath would deal with her. 
"And, my husband is a very narrow-minded person. If he finds out about other men... he will get very angry. Director White should know that my husband and the young master of the Luther family are good friends. You are also good friends with the young master of the Luther family. So, doing this... wouldn’t it be bad?" 
At first, Gary White felt confused. 
After listening for a while, he finally understood. 
When he realized that the young girl beside him actually thought he wanted to take advantage of her, he first found it incredible, then couldn’t help but laugh. 
Probably, Joanna Lawrence was the first actress to worry about being taken advantage of by him. 
Others were mostly those who actively wanted to be taken advantage of. 
This was the first time encountering such a situation. Apart from being amusing, he felt it was quite interesting. 
Well, it’s good. 
Finally, there was an actress worried about being taken advantage of by him. 
Instead of him worrying about being taken advantage of by those actresses himself. 
"Joanna Lawrence," Gary White smiled, then put away the smile on his face and said seriously, "Do you think I have ill intentions towards you and want to take advantage of you?" 
Joanna Lawrence bit her lip, mustered up the courage, and nodded: "I think Director White’s actions just now were a bit unusual. I can’t think of any other possibilities besides this one." 
"Well, it’s normal for you to have doubts." 
There was no hint of anger in Gary White’s voice: "I’m actually quite strange too. You just asked me if I would do this to other actresses, and my answer was, no." 
"As for why I would do it to you... I think it’s probably because I’m being controlled by my inner impulse to be a big brother." 
This answer left Joanna Lawrence looking confused. 
What does "the desire to be a big brother" mean? 
White seemed to notice her confusion and explained, "I’ve always wanted a younger sister since I was a child, but my mom has never been willing to have more children. She said that I originally had a sister, but due to some special circumstances, we lost contact with her." 
"My mom said she already had a daughter in her life and didn’t plan to have another." 
"Thus, the inability to grow up with a sister has always been a regret of mine. Maybe it’s because you give me the feeling of being a big brother, so I would unconsciously make actions like the ones just now." 
"That is an expression of a brother loving a sister." 
"You don’t have to worry that I’ll... try to take advantage of you. I, Gary White, am not such a despicable person, and I wouldn’t try to take advantage of a woman who already has someone." 
After hearing his explanation, Joanna Lawrence immediately believed him. 
Because she could feel that Gary White wasn’t lying. 
Because... she had a similar feeling. 
Now she finally understood why she didn’t mind Gary White’s touch. 
It’s because when Gary White patted her head, it felt like a brother patting his sister’s head.
###Chapter 718: Chapter 717: We Have Been Searching for Her All Along
She didn’t feel repulsed or disgusted. 
Instead, she felt a sense of warmth. 
Although she didn’t have a brother, that was how she felt at that moment. 
After hearing Gary White’s explanation, she felt as if a burden had been lifted. 
After all, Gary White was a director she admired. 
She didn’t want to distance herself from him because of some matters. 
"Director White..." 
"If you don’t mind, you can call me Mr. White in private." Gary White looked at the girl beside him with a warm gaze, "I’ll be happier if you call me that." 
As Joanna met his gaze, her heart warmed again, and she hesitated before calling out softly, "Mr...White?" 
There was a joyful expression in Gary White’s eyes, "Hearing you call me that makes me feel like I have a sister. If my sister hadn’t been separated from us, she would be about your age right now." 
With a hint of regret in his eyes, Gary White continued, "I don’t know how she’s doing now, whether she’s living a happy life or not. How the adoptive family treats her, and if she’s been growing up happily. I would feel a lot better if she were living happily. If she’s not..." 
"Don’t worry, Mr. White. I’m sure she’s living a happy life," Joanna said, comforting him, "Maybe one day, you’ll be able to see her again." 
"I hope so," Gary White sighed softly, "In fact, we’ve been searching for her all these years. But it seems that the adoptive family has changed their names and no longer lives where they used to." 
"We’ve searched for many years, but we still haven’t found her."
"But no matter how long it takes, we will never give up. I have a feeling that my sister will come home one day. Our family will definitely be reunited." 
"Yes, definitely." 
Joanna was actually very curious about how the sister got separated from them. 
But after some thought, it was impossible for the family to be forced to separate under normal circumstances. 
So, there must be a reason that couldn’t be disclosed. 
At least, it couldn’t be disclosed to her, an outsider. 
No matter how curious she was, it wasn’t right for her to ask. 
"I have a photo of my sister when she was young," Gary White squinted, as if recalling something, "She had just been born, and my mom took a picture of her. You know, you look a bit like my sister." 
Joanna was taken aback: "I look like your sister?" 
White Gary looked at her and nodded, "Yes, your eyes are similar, and so are your noses." 
"My sister has been a beauty since she was young, and my mom said she was very pretty. There are big age gaps between you two, so even if you are alike, there are many differences. But I feel that when she grows up, she will look a lot like you." 
"Mr. White, I believe your family will definitely be reunited!" 
"I hope so." 
Gary White looked out the window, "If we can’t meet again, I hope she’ll have a happy life. Whether she lives rich or poor, as long as she’s happy." 
Just as Gary White finished speaking, he felt his cellphone vibrate again. 
He glanced down, thought for a moment, and finally picked up the phone to reply with a message. 
The other side responded immediately: How is she? Did you manage to safely send her back to the hotel? 
Gary White really wanted to roll his eyes at the person on the other end.
###Chapter 719: Chapter 718: Remember my words, you shouldn’t contact him either!
Can’t he go and ask his woman himself, instead of always messaging me? 
He’s obviously very concerned, but he pretends he doesn’t want to pick up my calls. Such a tsundere! 
How did this kind of man manage to get a girlfriend? 
It must be because of his good looks. 
With a stern face, he replied: Why do you always ask me about your woman? Don’t you have her contact information? Stop messaging me, I don’t want to reply, it’s annoying! 
After this message was sent, there was silence for a while. After a few minutes, another message came: Don’t forget about our cooperation, take care of her. If she gets hurt in any way, don’t blame me for turning against you. 
This message almost made Gary White throw his phone away. 
"This damn guy!" He couldn’t help cursing. 
Joanna Lawrence jumped in scare: "Mr. White, what’s wrong?" 
Gary White let out a cold laugh, turned his head, and looked at her with a smile but not a smile on his face: "Little girl, has your boyfriend contacted you?" 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned, then her small face fell: "...no." 
"Remember what I said, never contact him! Such a petty man, you should ignore him for a few days, dismissing him after a few hours is being too easy on him!" 
* 
Under the protection of Gary White, Joanna Lawrence safely returned to the hotel. 
She received a Twitter message from Aria Rowlett, asking her what’s up with the rumors between her and Maddox Allenson. 
Joanna Lawrence replied, then opened Twitter and looked at Ashton Heath’s profile picture. She had to resist hard against the urge to send him a message. 
Gary White had said, if she couldn’t even endure this for a short amount of time, any conflicts that arise in the future, she’d be the one to back down first. 
So, she must restrain herself. 
She indeed felt Ashton Heath was being petty. 
And really unreasonable too. 
Could there be anyone like him? 
Despite knowing that she could never betray him, and despite knowing that the media made up the rumors, he was still angry with her. 
He was even ignoring her. 
How could there be such a petty man? 
When Gary White said he was petty, he was definitely right. 
Such an incident happened, she was being slandered by the entire internet, didn’t he see that? 
Shouldn’t he have called her first to comfort her? 
Just when she needed his care and comfort the most, he was throwing a tantrum at her. 
What Gary White said was right. 
She must ignore him. 
If he is ignoring her, then she will ignore him too. 
If he’s capable, then he can ignore her forever. 
The more Joanna Lawrence thought, the angrier she got. She almost wanted to turn off her phone, but thinking that Linda might still want to call her, she had to abandon this idea. 
She threw her phone onto the bed angrily, took her pyjamas, and went to the bathroom to take a bath. 
She didn’t expect that in the ten minutes she was taking a bath, another event that caused a heated discussion among netizens occurred on the Blog and it was also related to her. 
This resulted in her being pushed into the limelight again, and the affair between her and Maddox Allenson was once again the number one topic on the hot search list. 
After Joanna Lawrence finished her bath, she was drying her hair and walking towards the bed. Seeing her phone blinking non-stop on the bed, she quickened her steps, picked up her phone and took a look. 
The moment she opened it, she saw over a dozen Twitter messages from Aria Rowlett. 
Her call log also showed that Linda had called her twice. 
Joanna Lawrence quickly read the Twitter messages from Aria Rowlett. After reading them, she was taken aback and immediately logged into Blog.
###Chapter 720: Chapter 719: The Intention to Protect Is Particularly Obvious
She followed Maddox Allenson. 
So when she logged onto her Blog, she saw Maddox’s most recent post. 
Maddox had actually posted a blog criticizing his fans. 
In the post, he scolded his fans with a very rude and serious tone. 
More accurately, he was criticizing those female fans who had blocked her at the film crew’s location. 
Maddox had always seemed to be a big brother who favored his fans excessively. 
In fact, he really did favor his fans and treated them well. 
This was one of the reasons why he had so many die-hard fans. 
However, in this most recent post, he was very rude to those fans who had waited at the film crew’s location, directly scolding them and saying they were breaking the law, and asking them not to do such illegal and disorderly things in the name of liking him. 
His fans were gentle and kind fairies. 
Those girls who claimed to like him but ruined his reputation were his anti-fans. 
He despised such fans. 
All in all, this must have been the first time Maddox had ever been angry on his blog. 
His fans must have been shocked. 
Many fans in the comment section asked if he was speaking up for Joanna Lawrence. 
After all, female artists had been bundled with him in shipping scandals before, and they had been besieged by his female fans. 
At that time, he didn’t seem to get angry about it. 
Even less likely would he post a long blog criticizing those fans. 
But this time... 
This newcomer named Joanna Lawrence clearly intended to use him for her own hype, yet he wasn’t mad but instead spoke up for her. 
The blog he posted, not only criticized some fans. 
But also, made a clarification about that rumor, saying he and Joanna were in the same TV series, and he knew exactly what kind of person Joanna was, and all the calculated scheming that people were speculating about was nonsense. 
The protection was quite apparent. 
Even passers-by could see it. 
But his fans didn’t want to admit it and insisted that their Brennan was just being kind-hearted, and that he would protect any woman as a gentleman. 
This was just an act of chivalry. 
At such times, his fans seemed to collectively forget the previous female artists who had used Maddox for their own hype. 
Back then, their big brother hadn’t been so "kind-hearted" as to protect anyone. 
A passer-by commented that Maddox might be worried that the woman he likes would be hurt by his fans, so he hurriedly posted such a blog. 
This passer-by’s comment made it to the hot comments section. 
Maddox’s fans were not happy, and they replied to the hot comment, asking the passer-by not to spread rumors. 
They said that Maddox was still young and only focused on advancing his career, with no interest in dating. 
These fans were mostly female fans who saw Maddox as their own boyfriend or husband, so they couldn’t tolerate such comments. 
The passer-by received over 10,000 replies scolding him. 
Within a few minutes, Joanna saw that the passer-by’s comment had disappeared. 
It seemed that he couldn’t handle the pressure of being scolded and deleted it himself. 
Maddox’s fans were mostly die-hard fans who were very obedient to him. 
As soon as he posted this blog, both his studio and fan club reposted it at the same time, calling for a rational approach to idol gossip and not to do things they shouldn’t do. 
In the comment section, fans were also attacking the group of people who had waited at the film crew’s location.
###Chapter 721: Chapter 720: Don’t Touch This Man
Let other fans not do things that would affect Maddox Allenson’s reputation anymore. 
In short, Maddox Allenson’s blog post had its pros and cons. 
The advantage is that it can make some fans listen and stop more fans from doing crazy things. 
The disadvantage is that once he posted the blog, their scandal was indeed confirmed. 
Many people were guessing if he liked her. 
After all, so many women had leeched onto his popularity, but why did he only speak up for her? 
Joanna looked at the blog for a while, frowning, thinking if Ashton Heath saw these, he would be even more upset. 
Maddox had already made a clarification. 
Next, it was Joanna’s turn to speak. 
Just as she was thinking about how to write the blog post, Linda called again. 
Joanna immediately answered. 
"Why didn’t you answer my call just now? What were you doing? Maddox Allenson made a response. Did you see it? Did you go to talk to him?" 
As soon as they connected, Linda asked several questions. 
Joanna threw the wet towel onto the bedside table, got up to find the hairdryer, and walked while saying, "Linda, I just took a shower. I saw Maddox’s response. I’m thinking about how to write my blog." 
Linda asked, "Did you go to talk to him? Is that why he helped you?" 
"...no." 
"You didn’t talk to him?" Linda seemed a little surprised, "He volunteered to help you?" 
Joanna became silent for a moment and lightly replied, "Hmm." 
Linda also stayed silent for a few seconds before saying, "I’ve never seen him say anything when other women had scandals with him. He wouldn’t be... really attracted to you, right?" 
"Linda, I... " 
"Whether he truly likes you or not, you should stay away from him," Linda’s tone suddenly became serious, "You can’t afford to offend his fans. If they knew that Maddox liked you, you wouldn’t need to mix in the entertainment industry anymore." 
After this experience, Joanna already knew how terrifying Maddox’s female fans could be. 
Not to mention that she already has a husband. 
Even if she was single, she wouldn’t dare to have any thoughts about Maddox. 
It’s just... she couldn’t afford to mess with his female fans. 
"Linda, rest assured, I have no feelings for him. In the future, I’ll try to stay away from him." 
Life is more important. 
She originally thought it would be nice to become ordinary friends with Maddox. 
Now it seems that they can’t even be ordinary friends. 
"Since he has responded, you can just post a blog thanking him. Make the tone casual, keep this thing simple, and ordinary. After posting the blog, don’t worry about anything else. This matter will only last one or two days, after that, it’ll be over." 
"Hmm." 
"Speaking of which, although you unintentionally leached off his popularity, you indeed did. Have you seen your blog followers?" 
Joanna paused, "I haven’t." 
"You can go and check it now. Now I understand why many female artists risk being torn apart by his female fans just to leach off his popularity." 
"...alright, I’ll take a look shortly." 
Joanna hung up the phone and logged in the blog again. 
When she entered her account and saw the rapidly increasing blog followers, she was a little stunned.
###Chapter 722: Chapter 721: This Increase, It’s Too Astonishing
Before, because of her scandal with David, she gained quite a few fans. 
All together now, she had almost three hundred thousand followers. 
But now, she saw that her Blog followers had actually increased to one million! 
It hadn’t even been three hours since her scandal with Maddox Allenson broke out. 
She’d gained more than 700,000 followers in that time. 
This increase was too astonishing. 
She finally understood why those female artists liked to ride on Maddox’s coattails for popularity. 
Riding his coattails made their fan base grow much faster than depending on their own works. 
But this wave of popularity wasn’t something Joanna wanted for herself. 
With this kind of popularity, she didn’t dare to have it. 
She saw that her number of followers continued to rise at an alarming rate. 
Maybe because Maddox had just posted that blog, her popularity rose once again. 
As Joanna was lost in thought, her follower count increased by another ten thousand. 
She: "..." 
Looking at the rapidly increasing number of followers, she felt indescribable mixed emotions. 
Most of these followers were probably anti-fans. 
Gaining this type of fans was worse than not gaining any at all. 
She didn’t want to have her comment section filled with people cursing her out every time she posted on her blog. 
She couldn’t handle it mentally. 
She didn’t want to become an infamous artist at all. 
After holding her phone and standing by the window for a few minutes, she carefully composed the message she wanted to post and sent it out after making sure every word was well thought out. 
JoannaV: About that scandal, since Mr. Allenson has already explained the cause and effect, I won’t repeat it. I have only one thing to say: It’s all made up, and in my eyes, Mr. Allenson is just a senior worthy of my respect and learning. Also, thank you, Mr. Allenson, for your righteousness. You are truly a good senior, and I can’t help but feel grateful as a junior. 
After sending out the blog, Joanna immediately exited the app without bothering to deal with the netizens’ responses. 
* 
On the other side. 
Maddox Allenson saw Joanna’s Blog and read it word by word. After a while, he picked up his phone and responded in her comments section. 
MaddoxV: You’re welcome. 
His response was quickly drowned out in the comment section. 
But soon, netizens fished it out again. 
When someone realized the account replying was the real person and not a fake one, they boiled over: "Holy shit, it’s the real Maddox Allenson. I believe he might actually be interested in Joanna now." 
At that time, Maddox’s reply was bumped to the top of the hot comments within a minute. Mike burst into the room, angrily walked over to him. 
"What’s wrong with you?" Mike was so angry that he didn’t even call him Little Tutu anymore, directly saying his full name, "Maddox Allenson, are you out of your mind? What did I tell you? I said the company would handle it for you, and you shouldn’t respond yet. Why did you post it on your own, huh?" 
"Who did you learn this from, to say one thing to my face and another behind my back?" 
"Are you upset or something? Tell me, what are you trying to do!" 
"Do you want the whole world to know that you’re interested in Joanna?!" 
Maddox Allenson had known this would be Mike’s reaction, so his gaze was calm when he looked at him: "If I don’t speak up, fans will go after her. Mike, she’s someone I like, and I can’t let her get hurt in any way." 
"If she’s hurt by my fans, then I would be the one to blame."
###Chapter 723: Chapter 722: Impossible to Watch the Woman I Like Be Bullied
"But have you ever considered..." 
"I have. By doing this, I’m putting her in the line of fire, and many people will speculate about my relationship with her. But it doesn’t matter, even the hottest news will fade after a few days." 
"At least, by doing this, there won’t be any more fans hurting her." 
"For me, that’s enough." 
"But..." 
"Don’t worry, whatever I’ve promised you, I’ll definitely do. In the future, I’ll keep my distance from her. Mike, if I want to protect her and let her stay in this circle, I can’t be too close to her, can I?" 
Maddox Allenson’s lips curved into a bitter smile: "I know all that. You don’t need to remind me." 
Mike frowned, his gaze deeply focused on him for a while, then he sighed, "Alright. As long as you don’t say one thing and do another. I’ll arrange some online trolls to control the comments, and you’d better not respond to anything anymore." 
Maddox: "She just posted on her Blog."
Mike glared at him: "So what?" 
"I commented on it." 
"..." 
"A trivial comment, don’t worry too much." 
"..." 
"By the way, how’s the investigation I asked you to do? Did you find out who secretly took the video?" 
"Yes," Mike nodded, "I found out." 
"Who is it?" 
"The person who took the video is a staff member of the film crew. However, this staff member has a good relationship with Lisha Alcock. Someone has seen him getting into her car." 
Maddox frowned slightly and his expression darkened: "So, the video was targeting Joanna Lawrence?" 
"It should be. Lisha Alcock likes Gary White, and Gary White has taken an interest in Joanna. Tsk, a woman’s jealousy is really terrifying." 
Maddox tightened his fingers. 
"Little Tutu, what are you trying to do?" Mike watched him warily and immediately warned, "You better not mess around. This matter was originally aimed at that girl, and it doesn’t really affect you. It’s almost over now, so just pretend you don’t know anything." 
"I’ve heard that Lisha Alcock’s sugar daddy is not simple. There’s no need for us to offend her." 
Maddox sneered: "Just because her sugar daddy is not simple, are we supposed to fear her?" 
"Of course we don’t have to fear her, but why would we offend someone when it’s not necessary?" Mike frowned, "Having an extra enemy is not a good thing." 
"What do you mean it’s not necessary to offend? She’s already done this to the woman I love, and I’m still supposed to tolerate her? You’re still telling me to pretend I don’t know anything." Maddox stood up abruptly, his eyes piercing as he looked at Mike, "No man could possibly watch the woman he loves being bullied and remain indifferent. Unless, that man is a waste." 
"Hey, Maddox Allenson, what do you want to do!" 
"Lisha Alcock has plenty of scandals, yet she dares to touch the woman I love." Maddox’s lips curved upward, but his eyes were cold, "Get all her scandals together and send them to her right away." 
"Little Tutu, you..." 
"Tell her if she ever dares to target Joanna again, her scandals will be appearing on the trending posts regularly." 
"..." 
"I want to see if she thinks her own future is more important or ruining her romantic rival is more important." 
* 
Heath Villa.
###Chapter 724: Chapter 723: He Must Divorce That Woman!
Lady Octavia’s face darkened as she looked at the gossip on her mobile phone. She knocked over the bowl of Chicken Rice Soup with Bird’s Nest which the maid had handed her. 
The porcelain bowl fell onto the carpet, but it did not break. Instead, the soup inside spilled all over the floor. 
"I’m sorry, ma’am." 
The maid immediately apologized, knelt on the floor, and hurriedly cleaned the soiled carpet. She quickly replaced it with a new one. 
"Lady Octavia, don’t let this bad news harm your health." Rebecca sat beside Lady Octavia, gently rubbing her chest with one hand while softly whispering, "It’s not worth it to damage your health over these matters." 
"Let me get you another bowl of soup." 
"What’s the point of having soup now?" Lady Octavia’s face turned pale, "I’m already full from anger. How long has it been, and she’s already involved with another man in some scandalous affair. Sometimes it’s her ex-fiance, other times it’s some male actor from the film crew." 
"What kind of woman is Joanna? She’s already married into the Heath family, yet she still can’t settle down." 
"She can’t seem to keep herself away from so many men." 
"Is such a woman worthy of marrying into the Heath family?" 
Rebecca’s eyes briefly flashed with a gleeful smile, but she maintained a gentle and magnanimous expression on her face: "Lady Octavia, could there be some kind of misunderstanding in all of this? I think, Joanna shouldn’t be that kind of person." 
"Ashton loves her so much, and both you and Madam Heath have been treating her very well. What more could she ask for? If it were me, I’d be overjoyed to marry into such a family. I would definitely devote my whole life to the family, and I wouldn’t have an entangled relationship with other men in the outside world." 
"I think there must be some kind of misunderstanding. Joanna couldn’t be that frivolous." 
"She’s not a frivolous woman?" Lady Octavia sneered, "Women in the entertainment industry can’t be any good. If she were a good woman, would she coax Ashton into secretly getting their marriage certificate? I knew all along that she was no good, but I didn’t expect her to be so shameless." 
"This woman must not be allowed to stay in the Heath family any longer." 
"Otherwise, sooner or later, she will bring dishonor to the Heath family." 
Rebecca’s eyes flashed for a moment, and she lowered them to conceal the excitement that had surfaced. 
"However, despite everything, Ashton is still very fond of her." She said softly, "Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gotten the marriage certificate so quickly. Even if... you don’t agree with them being together, it’s still useless." 
"Ashton is very decisive, and he... doesn’t listen to others easily." 
"That’s why, Rebecca, Lady Octavia needs your help." Lady Octavia turned around and grabbed Rebecca’s hand, "I absolutely cannot tolerate this woman`s presence in the Heath family any longer. Rebecca, will you be my daughter-in-law?" 
Rebecca frowned, looking troubled: "But, Lady Octavia, Ashton won’t divorce her. I may love Ashton, but I can’t destroy his family. That would make me the other woman." 
"Lady Octavia will never put you through such hardship." Lady Octavia fell silent for a moment and gritted her teeth, "Whether Ashton wants to or not, he must divorce that woman!" 
"Lady Octavia, what would you like me to do?" Rebecca hesitated, feigning distress. "Although I like Ashton very much, I also believe that a forced relationship is not a happy one. If Ashton doesn’t like me and I persist in pursuing him, he might dislike me even more."
###Chapter 725: Chapter 724: Do You Really... Not Want to Fight for It Again?
"Lady Octavia, I think it’s better to let it go. Ashton is already married, and he really likes Joanna. If I keep pestering him... it wouldn’t be right." 
Upon hearing this, Lady Octavia’s face changes, "Rebecca, are you... are you giving up? You don’t want to fight for Ashton anymore?" 
Thinking of Frank Parker, Lady Octavia becomes increasingly anxious. 
Rebecca is the daughter-in-law she favors most. 
Only Rebecca is worthy of her son. 
If Rebecca falls for another man, where would she find such a good and suitable daughter-in-law again? 
Rebecca sighs, her eyes downcast, filled with sorrow. "Lady Octavia, it’s not that I want to give up. But Ashton is married, what can I do? I can’t possibly become the other woman who breaks up his family." 
"I’m a Kelloway. I have my own pride and dignity. If I act this way, it won’t just be a disgrace to myself, but to the Kelloway family as well. Lady Octavia, I’ve accepted it now. It’s just not meant to be between Ashton and me." 
"Actually, Joanna’s not bad either. Although I’ve only met her a few times, I think she’s genuine and seems to be a very innocent girl. All those rumors, I think there must be some misunderstanding." 
"Didn’t the male lead of their TV series made a clarification?" 
"Lady Octavia, if you try to understand and accept her, maybe you will..." 
"Never, it will never happen." 
Before Rebecca could finish her sentence, Lady Octavia interrupts her emotionally, "I could never accept her as my daughter-in-law." 
"But she already is your daughter-in-law." 
"She is not." Lady Octavia’s eyes are filled with contempt, and she grits her teeth, "I will make Ashton divorce her. The wife of the second son of the Heath family can’t possibly be an actress, let alone such a disgraceful woman who attracts men everywhere." 
Rebecca sighs, "Ashton probably won’t agree to divorce her." 
"Whether he agrees or not, he has to." 
Lady Octavia is worried Rebecca might actually give up, so she takes Rebecca’s hand, softening her tone, "Rebecca, you’re the best for Ashton. He’s just blinded by that shameless woman now." 
"Once he comes to his senses, he will know who’s truly right for him. He’s only confused now, but I can’t let him continue to be. Would you give him another chance?" 
"You’ve liked Ashton for so many years, are you really ready to just give up on him?" 
"Do you really...not want to fight for him anymore?" 
"Of course, I don’t mean to force you. I just think it’s a pity to give up so easily when it’s hard to meet the one you love in your lifetime." 
Rebecca remains silent with downcast eyes. 
Seeing her like this, Lady Octavia’s face brightens, her voice becomes even gentler, "Rebecca, give Ashton another chance, and give yourself one, too." 
After a long silence, Rebecca looks up, her eyes filled with confusion, "But, Lady Octavia, even if I’m willing to give him another chance, he won’t accept me. The one he likes is..." 
"That’s why I asked if you’re willing to fight for it." Lady Octavia spread her hands tenderly, caressing Rebecca’s hair, "Rebecca, I’ve thought of a way for you and Ashton to be together."
###Chapter 726: Chapter 725: I Am Willing... To Give It a Try
"Just, it might wrong you a little. If you’re unwilling, Lady Octavia won’t force you." 
"But if you are willing, this could be a chance for you and Ashton." 
Rebecca’s eyes flashed with a glimmer of light, but her expression remained confused, "Lady Octavia, your method is..." 
Lady Octavia glanced at the maids gathered in the hall, waved them away, and then whispered in Rebecca’s ear, "I’ll call Ashton in a while and ask him to come back. You first... " 
As she listened, Rebecca’s eyes widened, and a blush crept onto her fair, radiant face. 
When Lady Octavia finished speaking, Rebecca covered her face and bashfully said, "Lady Octavia, this is not right..." 
"When Ashton wakes up, he’ll be angry." 
"Let him be angry." Seeing her reaction, Lady Octavia knew that Rebecca was likely to agree and continued to persuade her gently, "You know his temperament, and he’ll be angry if we use tricks on him. But anger aside, he’ll still have to take responsibility, won’t he?" 
"Once you’re together, won’t there be plenty of opportunities for him to calm down?" 
"Rebecca, this is the best way under the circumstances. This method is the fastest and most effective for you to be with Ashton. I know that it’s unfair for a well-bred lady like you to do such a thing, but once you marry into the Heath family, Lady Octavia will make it up to you." 
"Could you... bear with it, just for a while?" 
Rebecca bit her lip, hesitation and conflict in her eyes. She stayed silent. 
Lady Octavia remained patient and waited. 
After a while, Rebecca, blushing, whispered, "Lady Octavia, what if... it fails?" 
"It won’t fail." Lady Octavia saw that Rebecca had agreed and joy filled her face. She hurriedly assured her, "Lady Octavia promises you, it won’t fail. Rebecca, have you made up your mind? Will you promise me?" 
"I... I really do like Ashton." Rebecca took a deep breath, as if making up her mind, "So, I’m willing... to try." 
"Good girl." 
Lady Octavia hugged her, saying happily, "Lady Octavia promises you, you won’t regret it. I’ll call Ashton now and ask him to come home." 
* 
Heath Group. 
Cody Aberton pushed open the door and saw President Ashton sitting in front of his desk, staring at his phone. 
There were still heaps of documents on the table. 
Cody glanced at them - there were quite a few documents left. 
This... didn’t seem like President Ashton’s usual work efficiency. 
On a normal day, there wouldn’t be many documents on the table. 
But this time, Cody could understand. 
Seeing his wife linked to another man in a gossip story, how could President Ashton focus on work? 
It seemed that, since President Ashton had seen the gossip about his wife and the male star, he hadn’t touched the documents on his desk.
Cody had entered and exited the office several times. 
President Ashton maintained the same posture during each visit, holding his phone and looking at it. 
Most likely, he was looking at Ms. Joanna’s gossip story. 
Actually, Cody had seen that gossip too, and he thought it wasn’t so bad. 
In the video, there were no overly suggestive actions. 
It was just that Ms. Joanna nearly stumbled, and the male star reached out to steady her. 
Wasn’t that a normal gesture? 
If he were in that situation and a beautiful woman nearby was about to fall, he’d reach out to help too.
###Chapter 727: Chapter 726: The Man with Faint Green Light Emitting from His Head
So, would they just stand idly by and watch a beautiful woman fall to the ground without doing anything? 
That would be so inhuman. 
However, that male celebrity’s hand was on Ms. Joanna’s waist for a bit too long. 
President Ashton is probably angry about that.
"Ahem, President Ashton." 
Cody Aberton knew that Ashton Heath’s mood was not good at the moment, so he spoke cautiously, "I’ve investigated the matter you asked me to look into. It turns out that this issue was instigated by a female actress from Ms. Joanna’s film crew. Her name is Lisha Alcock, and she’s the Female Lead 1 of the TV series. I heard that she likes Gary White." 
"She misunderstood that Gary White likes Ms. Joanna, so she regarded Ms. Joanna as a love rival. Hence, she wanted to use this scandal to have Maddox Allenson’s fans attack Ms. Joanna. Oh, also, there’s news on the matter you asked me to investigate before." 
Ashton Heath slowly raised his head. 
Cody Aberton only made eye contact with him for a second before he quickly averted his gaze in fear. 
My God, President Ashton’s gaze was just too terrifying. 
It was so cold, without any warmth. 
Just one glance, and he almost felt frozen. 
However, facing a man with a faint green glow over his head, he could understand President Ashton’s feelings at the moment. 
"Ahem, President Ashton, we found out the mastermind behind the release of the scandal between Ms. Joanna and David Benington last time and hiring the online trolls to attack Ms. Joanna. The investigation shows that the matter... might be related to Ms. Kelloway." Cody Aberton paused briefly, sneaked a glance at Ashton Heath’s expression, and continued cautiously, "We have caught several key people from that company. They said they were hired by a female client, and a virtual number was used to contact them. When we cracked the virtual number, we found that the location was at the Kelloway family’s residence." 
"No one else from the Kelloway family knows Ms. Joanna, only Ms. Kelloway..." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes flashed a hint of coldness: "Investigate that female artist named Lisha Alcock, and dig up all her past scandals. Then have the Public Relations Department handle it well, and increase her popularity." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
"But..." 
Cody Aberton suddenly thought of a problem. "If her scandals are exposed, won’t it be difficult to explain to Gary White’s side? Since she’s currently his Female Lead 1." 
Once the scandals are revealed, it will definitely have a significant impact on the artists involved. 
Especially considering that Ashton Heath plans to have Heath Group’s Public Relations Department manipulate the scandals. 
Which means he is preparing to completely ruin Lisha Alcock. 
Thinking about it, Lisha Alcock is quite unlucky. 
If she had bullied just some ordinary newcomer, it would be no big deal. 
Such things have happened quite often in the entertainment industry. 
It’s not easy for a newcomer to rise through the ranks without connections or a powerful backstage, right? 
Lisha Alcock probably thought Ms. Joanna was a beginner with no background, someone she could pick on at will. 
She thought Ms. Joanna was stealing her man, so she wanted to teach Ms. Joanna a lesson. 
But who would’ve thought... 
She picked the wrong target this time. 
Not only did she bully a newcomer with a strong background, but it was also a background she could never have imagined. 
As a result, she unknowingly brought about her own downfall. 
He could see that President Ashton had no intention of giving Lisha Alcock any chance to survive.
###Chapter 728: Chapter 727: His advantages seem to be getting fewer and fewer
What does it matter if she’s one of the A-list actresses? For President Ashton, getting rid of someone is as easy as saying it. 
"Gary White?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "I helped him replace an unqualified Female Lead 1, he should thank me. Besides, even if I don’t do it, he would find a replacement." 
As long-time friends, they naturally knew each other well. 
With such a situation happening, there was no way Gary White would ignore the scheming among the film crew members. 
He’s not the kind of person who would tolerate any trouble. 
Speaking of being willful, Gary White has had his fair share of it. 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
Alright, he was overthinking it. 
"Then President Ashton, about Ms. Kelloway’s side..." 
"I’ll handle it myself." Ashton squinted, the coldness in his eyes deepening along with his voice, sending a shiver down one’s spine, "You arrange for some people to keep an eye on her, report to me if there’s any suspicious behavior." 
"Yes, President Ashton, then I’ll go handle the matter you’ve ordered." 
Cody Aberton turned around and left the office. 
Ashton lowered his head to look at the phone on his desk, which remained silent. He frowned and couldn’t help but open Twitter. 
He had set Joanna Lawrence’s chat window as a pinned chat. 
So when he opened Twitter, he found her profile picture at the top of the list. He clicked on it, hesitated for a moment, and sent her a message: ? 
Earlier, Joanna had called him twice. 
He was still angry at the time, so he didn’t pick up. 
He thought if she called him for the third time, he would definitely pick up. 
But he waited for a long time and never got the third call. 
She didn’t call again after the two earlier calls. 
She didn’t send him any messages either. 
He was waiting, waiting for over an hour, but nothing came. 
He was somewhat angry. 
He knew the rumor was sensationalized by the journalists. 
And he also knew that she couldn’t possibly do anything to betray him. 
It’s just... 
He still hoped that she would coax him a little. 
Even if he knew everything, even if he never doubted her, seeing the rumors about her and another man still made him feel uncomfortable. 
He believed she has no intention towards Maddox Allenson. 
But what about Maddox? 
As a man himself, he could tell that Maddox was interested in Joanna from the brief one-minute video. 
When a man is attracted to a woman, his eyes change. 
That is what truly bothered him. 
It’s ridiculous, but after seeing the rumor, he even began to feel insecure. 
She will be on the film crew for three months. 
For these three months, she will spend day and night with Maddox Allenson. They are of similar age, share the same profession, and both are attractive. Furthermore, he has read the script, and they have some romantic scenes coming up. 
He dared not even imagine. 
What would happen after three months like this? 
Could they... fall in love while filming? 
Such occurrences are not unusual in the entertainment industry. 
Love born from acting is quite common, 
He, on the other hand... will have to be apart from her for three whole months, right after their marriage. 
After so much effort in developing their relationship, their bond might fade even further due to this separation. 
His advantages seemed to be waning. 
An increasing number of worries and a decreasing sense of security made it impossible for him to remain calm. An hour of restraint had reached his limit.
###Chapter 729: Chapter 728: What kind of wife have you actually found?
Once he hit his limits, he couldn’t bear it anymore. 
After sending the message on Twitter, he had thought Joanna would reply to him quickly. 
But after waiting for several minutes, the chat box still hadn’t changed. 
The latest tweet was still the ’?’ he had sent earlier. 
He became increasingly restless, thought about it, and sent another tweet: ’’ 
After another few minutes of waiting, still no response came. 
Ashton Heath was completely unsettled. 
His brows were tightly knit, his eyes tightly focused on the phone screen, as if he wanted to burn a hole in it. 
Could it be that she hadn’t seen his messages? 
Or maybe she didn’t have her phone with her? 
Or perhaps the signal where she was at wasn’t very good, so she didn’t see his tweets? 
Otherwise, he had already sent her two tweets in succession, why hadn’t she responded at all? 
Ashton Heath waited a bit longer, his mind filled with an uncontrollable anxiety and panic. 
At this time, he didn’t care about appearances anymore. 
Just as he was about to call Joanna, his phone screen lit up, Caller ID showed that Lady Octavia was calling him. 
After hesitating for a few seconds, he decided to answer the call first. 
"Mom." 
"You need to come back right away." Lady Octavia’s tone wasn’t very pleasant. 
Ashton Heath was stunned, then furrowed his brows: "Mom, what’s the matter?" 
Right now, he was still worried about Joanna not replying to him. 
"Of course there is a matter. Do you know that your wife is involved in another scandal? Ashton, just tell me how long it has been, first she had a scandal with her former fiancé, and now with another male actor. What kind of wife have you found?" 
Noticing the anger in Lady Octavia’s words, Ashton quickly explained, "Mom, it’s not what you think, there has been a misunderstanding." 
"I don’t care whether it’s a misunderstanding or not, you come home right now. Your Grandma is so upset she can barely function. Whatever you need to say, you can say it to her in person when you get home." 
After speaking, Lady Octavia hung up the phone. 
When Ashton called back, he was rejected. 
His brows furrowed tightly. 
After hesitating for a few seconds, he closed his computer on the office desk, got up, and left the office. 
Before entering the elevator, he dialed Joanna’s number and waited for a long time, but she didn’t pick up. 
A horrible premonition slowly began to rise inside Ashton, making him suddenly fearful. 
This was the first time he had contacted her and couldn’t reach her. 
It was not late at night now, so it was impossible for her to be asleep this early. 
When he had just dialed the number, it had gone through so there was no issue of the phone being off or out of battery. 
So why didn’t she answer his call? 
Was it because she had encountered something bad and couldn’t answer? 
Once this thought came up, many terrifying ideas also appeared at the same time. 
He remembered the news he had seen on the Blog, where Joanna was stalked by Maddox Allenson’s fans. 
Although Gary White had said he had safely escorted her off the film set, who knew if those crazy fans might still be lurking somewhere else? 
He knew all too well just how far fans could go once they became obsessed with their star. 
Some fans were even willing to commit suicide for their idols. 
The more Ashton thought, the more alarmed he became. As soon as the elevator arrived, he went in and pressed the button for the basement. 
While he dialed Gary White’s number, his fingers trembled on the phone screen. As soon as the call was answered, he immediately asked, "Did you take her back to the hotel?"
###Chapter 730: Chapter 729: I’m worried, I’ll go see her
Frank’s voice came across lazily: "Didn’t I tell you that she arrived safely?" 
"But I can’t contact her." Ashton Heath anxiously took a deep breath, "I sent her a Twitter message, but she didn’t reply. I just called her, but she didn’t answer. I’m worried something happened to her." 
"Did you leave after you took her to the hotel? You didn’t take her to her room?" 
"You didn’t say I had to do that." Frank spoke carelessly, "There’s nothing to worry about. I saw her get on the elevator, the hotel’s security work is pretty good, you can rest assured." 
"How can I rest assured?" Ashton was already very worried. When he heard Frank’s words, he was almost furious, "I can’t contact her now, and you still want me to rest assured? Do you know how worried I am?" 
"I don’t know..." 
"Frank." Ashton gritted his teeth. 
Frank sounded innocent: "I really don’t know. I’ve never been in a relationship, so I don’t know what you guys’ thoughts are. If you’re so worried about her, why don’t you go and check on her yourself to make sure she’s safe." 
"I was planning to." 
As Ashton watched the slow dropping numbers on the elevator, he found himself more and more anxious. 
Why hasn’t it reached the basement yet! 
He tried his best to maintain his calm and composure as his anxiety grew, "I’m going to the airport right away and taking the next flight over. But even if I go now, it’ll still be three hours before I reach Frankfurt." 
At this moment, he felt a deep sense of powerlessness. 
Even the most powerful person couldn’t be by her side immediately. 
His anxiety and worry couldn’t change this fact. 
"I can’t reach her now, and I don’t know what’s happening with her. I’m...a little scared. Frank, can you help me check on her right away, I need to make sure she’s safe as soon as possible." 
There was silence on the other end. 
Ashton, without the patience to wait any longer, urged, "Frank, did you hear what I said? I need you to go right now —" 
"Alright, alright, I heard you." Frank yawned lazily, "I’ll go check for you right away, okay. Maybe she’s taking a shower, or maybe she was so tired that she fell asleep. It’s only been a short while since you lost contact with her, why are you so anxious already? When she first called you, you were playing hard to get, now that she’s not talking to you, you’re like this. Ashton Heath, what are you thinking?" 
"That’s none of your business." 
Ashton replied coldly with a straight face, "This is between her and me, it has nothing to do with you. Now stop talking nonsense and go find her." 
Finally, with a "ding" sound, the elevator reached the basement. 
Ashton hung up and headed straight for his parking spot after stepping off the elevator. 
After getting into the car, he drove out of the garage and headed for the airport as fast as he could. 
* 
An hour later, he was on the plane to Frankfurt. 
Lady Octavia called again. 
Ashton picked up the phone, not waiting for Lady Octavia to speak, he took the initiative to say, "Mom, I can’t go back today. I’m on a plane." 
"What? You’re on a plane?" Lady Octavia seemed stunned. After a while, she said, "Where are you going? Weren’t you asked to return home?" 
Ashton turned silent, then turned his head to look outside the window and replied, "Frankfurt. Joanna ran into some trouble, and I’m worried about her, so I’m going there to check on her."
###Chapter 731: Chapter 730: Are You Really Bewitched?
"You’re going to Frankfurt to find Joanna Lawrence?" This sentence seemed to infuriate Lady Octavia. Her voice suddenly raised, and she angrily said, "Why are you still looking for her? She’s made headlines with other men. Don’t you trust her already?" 
"Ashton, have you lost your mind? Why are you still obsessed with such a fickle woman? Get back here right now! I forbid you to go find her!" 
Ashton Heath’s expression darkened instantly: "Mom, what are you talking about? She’s not a fickle woman. I’ve told you those were just misunderstandings. When I come back, I’ll explain everything to you. I know my wife best." 
Lady Octavia seemed about to explode with anger: "Misunderstandings? Where there’s smoke, there’s fire. How come others don’t have so many misunderstandings, but she has so many? Isn’t it because she’s unstable and attracts one man after another?" 
"As her husband, aren’t you angry when you see these reports? Also, since she married into the Heath family, she should automatically quit the entertainment industry. How could our daughter-in-law be a low-status entertainer?" 
"And yet, you actually support her in continuing to be an entertainer? Ashton, have you really been bewitched by a third-rate entertainer, and lost all your senses? Don’t you even know what you’re doing anymore?" 
When Ashton heard the word ’entertainer’, his anger instantly flared up: "I’ll say it one last time, Mom. I love you, respect you, and consider you a very important family member because you not only gave birth to me but also raised me."
"But that doesn’t mean you can insult my wife at will." Ashton’s expression had completely darkened, and he clenched his fists, trying to contain his anger, "Because you’re my mom, I’ll tolerate you one last time. If you continue to act like this, don’t blame me for doing some unfilial things." 
Lady Octavia was practically roaring, "Are you threatening me? Ashton, you’re actually threatening your own mother! Everything I’ve said and done is for your benefit. You’ve been blinded now and don’t even know what you’re doing." 
"Mom, if you insist on talking like this, then we probably can’t communicate anymore. The plane is about to take off, that’s it, don’t call again." 
After he finished speaking, Ashton hung up the phone amid Lady Octavia’s angry screams. 
Soon, Lady Octavia called again. 
Ashton glanced down at his phone and hung up directly. 
In less than three seconds, Lady Octavia called again. 
This time, Ashton not only hung up the phone but also blocked her number. 
"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to..." 
The flight attendant’s sweet voice rang out, and an attendant walked over to Ashton and blushed, looking down at him: "Mister, the plane will take off soon. Please turn off your electronic communication." 
Ashton looked down at the Twitter message that Gary White had sent him forty minutes ago. After reading it word by word, he turned off his phone. 
Gary White said that Joanna Lawrence was safe and sound in her room. 
Nothing happened. 
As for why she didn’t reply to his messages or answer his calls, he should ask her himself. 
At the moment he knew Joanna Lawrence was safe, the tense string in Ashton Heath’s head finally relaxed. 
All his anxiety, panic, and fear disappeared.
###Chapter 732: Chapter 731: Of course, I have to... go and coax her personally.
When he received Gary White’s Twitter message, he hadn’t arrived at the airport yet. 
He could have turned back halfway. 
But he still boarded the plane. 
Since his wife was safe and sound and not having any problems, there was only one reason why she was ignoring him. 
That was because she didn’t want to speak to him. 
Ashton Heath suddenly realized that his wife was mad. 
She was angry with him because he hadn’t answered her calls before. 
So, she was ignoring him too. 
What to do when his wife was mad and didn’t want to talk to him? 
Of course... he had to go and coax her in person. 
* 
Meanwhile, at Heath Villa. 
When Lady Octavia tried to call again and found out she had been blocked, she was so angry that she almost smashed her phone. 
"It must be witchcraft. He must be bewitched to block my calls. This unfilial son! He would actually treat his own biological mother like this just for that actress. Has he gone mad?" 
"What kind of love potion has that siren Joanna given him?" 
"How did he become like this!" 
For the first time in her life, Lady Octavia encountered being blocked by her own son. She was so angry that the veins on her forehead were visible. 
There was none of her usual elegance and dignity. 
When Rebecca Kelloway found out that Ashton Heath had blocked Lady Octavia’s call, her face turned sour. But she still had to pretend to be gentle and understanding, and said softly: "Lady Octavia, Ashton... blocked you? What’s going on?" 
"Unfilial son!" Lady Octavia was so angry that her chest heaved, "I just said a few words about that siren, and he got mad at me. He even said that if I say anything about his wife again, don’t blame him for being unfilial." 
"Rebecca, do you hear what he’s saying? Is this something a son should say? He’s threatening his own mother." 
"In the past, Ashton listened to me. He never went against me like this. But now..." Lady Octavia clenched her fists, her heart filled with anger and sorrow, and her eyes reddened as she spoke, "I feel like he’s become a completely different person. I can’t control him at all now." 
"In his heart, that siren is the most important. If one day I have a direct conflict with her, I’m sure he’ll side with her. What do I need a son like this for?" 
"Now I finally understand why there’s a saying ’once married, a son forgets his mother’. Isn’t my own son the best example?" 
Lady Octavia’s words made her sadder and sadder, and she couldn’t help but cry. 
She felt incredibly wronged and heartbroken. 
After all, she and her son were the closest of kin. 
But now, the most important woman in her son’s heart had become someone else. 
As his mother, she had been pushed to the back. 
Thinking about the hardships of pregnancy and the near-death experience during childbirth, she became even more sorrowful and wept. 
"Lady Octavia, don’t cry." 
Rebecca was extremely annoyed inside. She had thought that tonight, she would be able to accomplish her mission and soon marry Ashton Heath, becoming the woman who could accompany him for life. 
Who would have thought... 
Ashton Heath had suddenly flown to Frankfurt. 
He was worried about that wretched woman, so anxious that he didn’t care about his day’s exhaustion and immediately flew to find her after work. 
She had thought that a cold and aloof man like him wouldn’t understand love, nor would he ever fall in love with someone.
###Chapter 733: Chapter 732 Ashton’s future wife will only be you
Who would have known that once such a man truly falls in love with a woman, he could passionately and madly go to such an extent? 
It turns out that within the depths of even the iciest iceberg lies a burning hot fire. 
This fire, only when it meets the person they want to ignite for, will set ablaze vigorously. 
How envious and jealous she was... 
If she were the woman Ashton Heath loved, how happy she would be. 
She would be the happiest woman in the world. 
But his love was so abundant, yet he was not willing to spare even the slightest bit for her. 
All of his love was given to the woman named Joanna Lawrence. 
She really... couldn’t accept it.
The sobbing Lady Octavia beside her made her feel annoyed, she really wanted to get up and leave directly, but thinking about all the things Lady Octavia would need to help with in the future, once she marries into the Heath family, Lady Octavia would be her mother-in-law. No matter what, she must appease Lady Octavia. 
So even though she was impatient in her heart, she still patiently coaxed softly: "Lady Octavia, you’ve also said that Ashton wasn’t like this before. I think he might have really been bewitched for a while. Actually, this can’t be blamed on him." 
Rebecca Kelloway took out a handkerchief, wiped Lady Octavia’s tears while sighing, "Otherwise, why has there been the saying, ’heroes have a weakness for the charms of a beautiful woman’ since ancient times? I think Ashton must still value you in his heart, it’s just that... " 
"It’s all that siren’s fault." Lady Octavia is now extremely dissatisfied with Joanna Lawrence, "Of course I know what my own son is like. It’s only after Ashton got together with her that he became like this. It’s hateful that the siren has bewitched my son so much. What did our Heath family owe her in our past life to let Ashton meet her in this life?" 
"They just got married not long ago, and Ashton already changed like this. As time goes on, will she make Ashton turn against me?" 
Rebecca Kelloway frowned, "Speaking of what shouldn’t be said, Ashton treating Madam White like this today. Maybe she always... " 
"Always trying to sow discord between my son and me?" Anger flares up in Lady Octavia’s eyes, she gritted her teeth, "That’s definitely it. I don’t know how she has been slandering me to Ashton. No, I absolutely cannot let this siren stay in the Heath family." 
With that said, Lady Octavia suddenly stood up. 
Rebecca Kelloway was taken aback and also stood up, "Lady Octavia, you... " 
Lady Octavia said resentfully, "Rebecca, I’m afraid you’ll have to wait a few more days. When Ashton comes back, I’ll arrange another opportunity. Rest assured, I won’t let that siren leave the Heath family. In the future, you’ll be Ashton’s wife." 
"I’ll go to see Madam Heath now. I don’t believe that after she learns about these things, she won’t mind at all and continue to favor that siren." 
Rebecca Kelloway knew she wouldn’t have a chance today. 
However, coming here today wasn’t without its gains. 
That phone call just now made Lady Octavia even more dissatisfied with Joanna Lawrence. 
Now it looks like Lady Octavia is determined to have Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath divorce. 
With such powerful support as Lady Octavia on her side, her chances of success increased by half. 
Moreover, Joanna Lawrence brought about her own downfall by creating two scandals one after another. Even if she didn’t have any substantial ambiguous behavior with those men, such actions were enough to tarnish her image in the eyes of Lady Octavia and Madam Heath.
###Chapter 734: Chapter 733: Do You Know You Almost Drove Me Crazy?
Even Madam Heath, who has always been defending her, could not possibly ignore such a matter. 
If Madam Heath were further dissatisfied with Joanna Lawrence, her position as the young lady of the Heath family would be extremely precarious. 
Thinking of this, a satisfied smile curled at the corners of Rebecca Kelloway’s mouth. 
She would temporarily concede the position of Young Lady of the Heath family to Joanna Lawrence for a while longer. 
After all, that position would eventually be hers anyway. 
Besides, she relished the sight of her enemies tumbling from the skies. 
That moment would definitely be extraordinarily spectacular. 
"Lady Octavia, it’s alright, my own matters aren’t a big deal. The most important thing is for you not to damage your health due to upset," Rebecca was even more intent on showing her gentle, considerate side in critical times like these. "You’ve always been like my real mother. If you get upset and hurt yourself, I’d feel heartache too." 
"That’s my good-girl Rebecca. She always knows to put me first," Lady Octavia, holding Rebecca’s hand, was increasingly satisfied with her chosen daughter-in-law. She couldn’t wait for Ashton to divorce Joanna and marry Rebecca immediately. 
"Lady Octavia, since you’re going to visit Madam Heath, I won’t disturb you any longer. I’ll come to visit you again tomorrow. Hopefully, my frequent visits aren’t burdensome to you." 
"Of course not. I wish you would just stay here with us at the Heath residence and never leave," Lady Octavia paused briefly then laughed. "But you’ll be here soon enough. Your destiny is to be my daughter-in-law." 
"Lady Octavia..." Rebecca let out a shy whimper. 
Lady Octavia narrowed her eyes, a ruthless glimmer in them," That siren, I am determined to banish her from the Heath family." 
* 
When Gary White went to see Joanna, he didn’t tell her that Ashton Heath was aboard a plane flying to Frankfurt. 
Therefore, when Nina heard a knock on the door, and opened it to see a man standing outside, she couldn’t help but scream in surprise. 
And then she shouted loudly: "Joanna! Joanna..." 
In another room. 
Joanna rushed from her room, alarmed by Nina’s outcry, thinking that something had happened. 
She dashed out of the bedroom, only to see Nina, frozen in the doorway. 
She paused for a moment, walked over with curiosity: "Nina, what are you doing?" 
Just as she moved closer, Nina stepped aside, and a tall, dark figure entered the room. 
As the man’s handsome and deep face became clearer and clearer in her sight, Joanna found herself rooted to the ground, wide-eyed. 
Not until he was standing still, right in front of her. 
"Why didn’t you reply to my messages?" 
"Why didn’t you answer my calls?" 
"Do you have any idea how worried I was about you?" 
"Do you realize how scared I was not being able to get a hold of you?" 
"Do you know the fear I felt thinking that you might be in danger, I felt like my heart had stopped." 
"Joanna Lawrence, did you know that you nearly drove me insane?" 
Facing the man’s barrage of questions, Joanna opened her mouth to speak, but before she could, she was enveloped in his embrace. 
The man’s forceful arms wrapped tightly around her waist, pulling her against his chest.
His heartbeat was not as calm as usual. 
It was fast and strong, with each beat, his chest shuddered. 
It was a testament to how disturbed his state of mind was at this moment. 
Things she wanted to say seemed to be stuck in her throat. 
She hesitated, before extending her hand and gently reciprocating his hold. 
--
###Chapter 735: Chapter 734: The Vinegar Jar
The moment she hugged him, she could feel Ashton Heath’s body stiffen. Then, the arm wrapped around her waist gradually tightened, hugging her more forcefully. 
"*cough cough cough*." 
His strength was too much, and Joanna Lawrence felt a little short of breath. 
She reached out and pushed him: "Ashton Heath, don’t hold so tight. I can hardly breathe." 
It’s not like they haven’t seen each other in a long time. 
It wasn’t a life-or-death separation. 
They had just parted this morning, after all. 
It wasn’t even a day yet, and he acted as if they hadn’t seen each other for a long time. 
Seeing the two hugging each other, little Nina blushed and stealthily slipped past them, returning to her own room.
Ashton Heath slightly loosened his grip but still held onto her, his eyes lingering greedily on her face as if he wanted to etch her image into his mind. Staring at her, he asked, "You still haven’t answered me, why did you ignore me?" 
"You came all the way here just to ask me that?" 
Joanna knew about the phone call he had made to Gary White earlier. 
She knew he was worried. 
But she didn’t expect him to rush over directly by flying here. 
He had just flown back from here this morning, and now he had flown back again. 
Flying twice in one day, isn’t he tired? 
However, when she saw him, her heart was still very happy. 
She also deeply felt that when Ashton Heath cared about someone, he would really put that person wholeheartedly in his heart, cherishing and loving them. 
No ordinary man could do this. 
He already knew from Gary that she was fine, yet he still rushed over. 
When she was with David Benington before, he was also good to her. 
But she dared to say that if she hadn’t broken up with David, he wouldn’t have done this much. 
Only after meeting Ashton Heath did she truly understand the meaning of the word "like." 
He showed her, bit by bit, through his actions, what it was like to truly like someone. 
"Of course not." Ashton Heath reluctantly let go of her, picked her up horizontally, carried her a few steps forward, and then pointed his chin at the open door of the room. "Baby, is that your room?" 
After Joanna nodded, he carried her into the room. 
He carried Joanna to the bed and put her down. 
"Ashton Heath, you..." Joanna had just touched the bed and was about to sit up when the man reached out and pulled her into his embrace, his strong arm circling her waist dominantly. 
The man’s fair, slender fingers pinched her chin, the pads of his fingers gently rubbing along the curve of her jawline. After rubbing for a moment, he opened his mouth, his voice low: "Baby, if I didn’t come, I’m afraid you’d be abducted." 
"It was hard enough for me to marry my wife. If she were kidnapped, where would I find another one who suits my taste so well?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She felt both speechless and amused: 
"Your wife is right here. Who could abduct her from you?" 
Thinking about how he had actually refused her calls earlier and hadn’t even sent her a reassuring text message, she got angry and pushed him a little. "If I leave, it’s because you made me angry, hmph!" 
Hmph, such a jealous jar. 
There was no man more jealous than him. 
Ashton Heath, of course, knew that she was angry with him. 
His trip here was to appease his wife.
###Chapter 736: Chapter 735: Stay Away from Him in the Future
By the way, I’m warning a certain someone again, if he dares to covet my wife, I wouldn’t mind making him vanish from the entertainment circle. 
For me, that’s just a simple thing. 
"Baby, I’m sorry." Ashton Heath leaned down to kiss his girl’s soft pink lips, his voice growing increasingly deep, appeasing her, "I was wrong, I shouldn’t have ignored your calls. Next time you call, I’ll answer straight away alright?" 
"Hmph." Joanna Lawrence was in fact, no longer mad. 
When Gary White came to see her and told her Ashton was worried sick about her, thinking something had happened to her, she was no longer mad. 
The moment she saw him walk in just now, all her anger dissipated. 
She knows how busy he is with work. 
He did not call or text her immediately after the scandal to console her. 
But, he came to see her in person. 
This is better than any comfort. 
"I admit, I was jealous." Ashton Heath admitted his mistake, "When I saw the rumors about you and that effeminate man, I felt uncomfortable. So, I wanted to give you the cold shoulder." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Effeminate man. 
Is he referring to Maddox Allenson? 
How is Maddox effeminate? 
Because of his jealousy, he attacked Maddox’s physical appearance, is that really okay? 
"But, as you know, I only lasted an hour." The man said with a touch of resentment, "Didn’t I come looking for you afterwards? If I had known the result would have been me getting the cold shoulder, I wouldn’t have ever started..." 
As expected, he really isn’t suited for a cold war. 
Giving her the cold shoulder only makes him feel worse. 
It’s more like punishing himself than punishing her. 
He doesn’t want to do something so foolish ever again. 
Ashton Heath, those rumors are all exaggerated. The situation at that time was..." Joanna Lawrence felt that she needed to explain. 
"You don’t need to say anything." Ashton Heath covered her mouth with his hand, gazing deeply at her, "I never doubted you, I know there’s nothing going on between you two." 
"...Still, you were jealous." 
"Yes, I was jealous." The man nodded directly, "Even knowing that there’s nothing between you two, I still feel jealous." 
She has no feelings for him. 
But his feelings for her aren’t the same. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Baby, haven’t you realized it?" Ashton Heath felt it was necessary to remind his sweet little wife. 
Never let your guard down. 
Lest she continue being clueless. 
Joanna Lawrence blinked: "Realized what?" 
First, Ashton Heath frowned, then he said with a cold voice: "That effeminate little brat has ulterior motives for you. Keep away from him moving forward." 
"You mean Mr. Allenson?" Joanna Lawrence opened her eyes wide in surprise, "How could he have feelings for me..." 
"Why couldn’t he?" Ashton Heath scoffed, "That little brat has malicious intentions, taking advantage of the opportunity to touch you. I even want to chop off his hand and feed it to the dogs. Anyway, I am a man, I will not read him wrong, his feelings for you are not pure." 
Joanna Lawrence wanted to retort. 
But she also remembered the situation at the time. 
Back then, Maddox Allenson did seem a little off. 
She pursed her lips and fell silent. 
"Baby, listen to me, keep away from him in future, okay?"
###Chapter 737: Chapter 736: Can You Stop Messing Around?
Ashton Heath paused for a moment before continuing with a somewhat sour tone, "If I were to ask you not to take this TV series, would you be unwilling?" 
But the thought of her spending three months with that little brat Maddox made him extremely uneasy. 
Extremely uneasy. 
That little brat was coveting his wife, after all. 
How could he be at ease? 
"But I really like this TV series." Joanna Lawrence touched the handsome, deeply-contoured face of the man beside her, softening her voice as she sweetly said, "Ashton Heath, I really like my current role and want to complete this series properly." 
"I promise you, other than work-related matters, I won’t have any contact with him privately. Is that okay? Besides, after seeing how terrifying his fans can be this time, I wouldn’t dare to have any contact with him either." 
She knew that Ashton was just jealous and didn’t want her to be in the same film crew as Maddox Allenson. 
But Joanna genuinely loved this role. 
Moreover, being able to work on a TV series with Gary White was a great opportunity. 
She couldn’t give it up just because someone was jealous. 
Ashton Heath knew she wouldn’t agree. 
But when she really refused, he still felt a little upset. 
Pretending to be serious, he asked, "Am I not as important to you as your work?" 
"Er, it’s not the same," Joanna replied, somewhat headache-ridden, "Ashton Heath, can you stop making a fuss? There’s really nothing between Maddox Allenson and me, and from now on, we’ll just have work-related interactions. You know how easy it is for rumors to spread in my line of work." 
"Reporters like to write nonsense, and there’s nothing we can do about it." 
"But as long as you know that I haven’t done anything to betray you, that’s enough." 
"I’m aware of my status. While we’re still husband and wife, I won’t do anything I shouldn’t be doing." 
Joanna thought that with Ashton’s jealous temperament, he would probably be jealous more often in the future. 
She wasn’t famous yet, and if it weren’t for Lisha Alcock’s deliberate sabotage, there wouldn’t have been any rumors about her. 
However, once she gradually built up her career and gained popularity, there would undoubtedly be more rumors about her. 
As Ashton listened, his expression gradually changed. 
Suddenly, he rolled over and lay beside her. 
Joanna quickly sensed his change of mood, shifted her body slightly, and turned to look at him, "Are you unhappy? Why?" 
Was it because of what she had just said? 
But she didn’t think she said anything wrong. 
Ashton’s eyes darkened, his gaze deep as he looked at her. His eyes no longer held their previous warmth and seemed somewhat cold: "Even now, are you still thinking about our divorce?" 
Joanna blinked, "Divorce? I, I don’t... " 
The man smirked, but there was no hint of amusement in his eyes: "No? Did I hear you wrong just now?" 
"I... " 
Joanna felt completely lost. She was about to ask him what he meant when she suddenly realized what was bothering him. 
After thinking for a moment, she hesitated and said, "Is it because of... my last sentence? So you think I’m still thinking about divorce?" 
Upon reflection, it seemed that only her last sentence held any implications about divorce. 
It indeed seemed like he changed his expression only after she said that last sentence. 
Ashton Heath’s lips tightened. His deep, handsome face remained serious, not saying a word.
###Chapter 738: Chapter 737: So you’re saying, you never thought about divorcing me?
So, that’s what she meant by default. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Did he really misunderstand the meaning of her last sentence? 
She felt that it wasn’t her who always thought about getting a divorce; it was him. 
Otherwise, why would he be so sensitive about it? 
Upon figuring out the reason, she couldn’t help but laugh and stretched her hand to pinch his face, "Ashton Heath, can you trust me more? Why did you think of divorce? I was just expressing my attitude." 
The man allowed her to pinch his face freely, still looking serious, but his eyes weren’t as cold, "Are you sure you don’t mean that? Then what do you mean? When we’re still husband and wife, you won’t do anything dishonest to me. Does that mean after we divorce, you will?" 
"You’re still saying you haven’t thought about divorcing me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
My God, how could this man think like this? 
"No, I..."
"You have thought about it, haven’t you?" Ashton Heath’s dark eyes narrowed, seeming a bit aggressive, "You don’t have confidence in our marriage, you think we won’t last. You think we’ll eventually divorce." 
"Even if our relationship is good now, and we’re getting along well. But such harmony and peace are temporary, and everything will change over time, right?" 
"No, I..." 
"Because we’re husband and wife, you’ll stick to the moral bottom line and not do anything against that. Is that the only reason?" 
"No, Ashton Heath, can you listen to me for a moment?" Joanna Lawrence didn’t want to be interrupted again, so she covered his mouth and spoke first, "Listen to me, at the very beginning of our marriage, I did think about divorcing you." 
"You know why we ended up together. Under that circumstance, anyone would think that this marriage wouldn’t last long. But later on, as I got to know you, you treated me so well, and treated Jeremy so well too..." 
"And then, I gradually became hopeful for our marriage, I felt that marrying you wasn’t so bad after all, and started to think about staying with you for the long run." 
"I did think about divorce at first, but later on, I never thought about it again." 
"Also, I can rephrase what I said earlier." She looked into the man’s dark eyes and spoke earnestly, "Ashton Heath, you’re my husband, the man I’m going to spend the rest of my life with. My heart isn’t that big, and I don’t have room for many people in it." 
"Once some places are occupied, there’s no room left for others." 
"So, can you trust me a little more?" 
"Can you have more confidence in yourself? Do you think that after having such an excellent and perfect husband, I’d still be interested in other men? Which man could be even better than you and attract me more?" 
The frost in the man’s eyes melted bit by bit. 
Joanna Lawrence felt the coldness on him gradually lessen, and she couldn’t help but sigh in relief. 
It seemed like he was about to be appeased. 
"Ashton Heath..." She made her voice even softer, sweeter, and more coquettish, knowing he liked such demeanor, she held his face and kissed him proactively, "Stop being angry, okay? Have you had dinner yet? Are you hungry? I haven’t eaten either, let me order some takeout and we’ll eat together, alright?"
###Chapter 739: Chapter 738: Call me hubby, and I won’t be mad anymore.
She guessed he must not have eaten. 
He flew straight here after work. 
She knew how picky this man was. 
Even if there was a meal on the plane, and he would have had a nice first-class meal, he wouldn’t eat it. 
He had high demands for the ingredients. 
If it wasn’t the freshest ingredients, he wouldn’t even give it a second glance. 
Ashton Heath had no reason to be mad anymore. 
The girl’s soft, sweet voice was delicate, her lips soft and moist with the just bestowed kiss, carrying a candy-like sweetness. 
His heart melted with that kiss. 
A part of him softened completely. 
Especially since she just called him hubby.
Although it wasn’t directly, that delicate, soft "hubby" could make him surrender in an instant. 
"Baby, you just called me hubby." 
Ashton Heath put his arm around the girl beside him, lowered his head to bury it in her hair, took a deep breath, and whispered, "Call me that again, and I won’t be mad anymore." 
Not only would he not be angry. 
He would give her his life. 
Joanna Lawrence usually felt embarrassed to call him that. 
She always found it awkward. 
Still not used to... calling him that. 
Even though this man had long been her husband in both name and reality. 
But it seemed she had never formally called him hubby. 
Ashton Heath had asked several times. 
She was too embarrassed, so she refused. 
Now, she was focusing on appeasing this man and not thinking too much about it. 
As long as she could make him feel better quickly, she would do anything he asked. 
Just one ’hubby’. 
No difficulty at all! 
"So if I call you that, you won’t be mad anymore?" Her dark, soft, and shiny eyes blinked, looking at him with an adorable expression, and after asking, she gently bit the corner of her lip. 
She probably didn’t even know how enticing that action was. 
Ashton Heath’s adam’s apple moved, his dark gaze fell on her tender, delectable pink lips, darkening as a surge of heat arose in his body. 
There was a sudden urge to press her beneath him and bully her mercilessly. 
But he managed to suppress that urge. 
The arm around her waist tightened, his voice husky, "Mmm, call me hubby, and I won’t be mad anymore." 
Ashton Heath knew that if he missed this opportunity, he wouldn’t know when he would have another chance to hear her call him "hubby" again. 
His little wife was shy. 
Despite his previous requests, she had never given in. 
This time was an excellent opportunity. 
If she wanted to appease him, as long as his request wasn’t too excessive, she would certainly agree. 
He wouldn’t miss such a good opportunity. 
"Mmm, then... fine." 
Joanna looked up, her cheeks slightly flushed as she gazed at his handsome, deep-set face, and then into his dark, narrow eyes, and, after a moment, struggled through her discomfort to whisper softly, "Hubby..." 
Oh my. 
It was really embarrassing. 
After saying it, her face felt even hotter, as if every pore on her face was emitting heat. 
The arm around her waist tightened even more, the hot breath and slightly rapid breathing of the man above her head, her own pressed to his chest, she could hear his heartbeat speed up in that instant. 
"Baby, say it again." Ashton held her tightly, his voice even huskier than before, restrained and rough, "Be good, say it again."
###Chapter 740: Chapter 739: She’s Not in a Hurry at All!
Joanna Lawrence shyly said, "Didn’t I just call you that?" 
"Too quiet." Ashton Heath lied, "I didn’t hear clearly, doesn’t count. Call me again, okay?" 
Actually, he had heard very clearly earlier. 
The girl’s voice was delicate, soft and slender, like that of a kitten’s meow. 
That "husband" she had called him had made his bones soften. 
At that moment, he had only one thought in his mind. 
That is, while teasing her, let her keep calling him "husband" in that little kitten-like voice again and again. 
Until her voice becomes hoarse. 
Joanna thought he really hadn’t heard and pursed her lips, calling out again while suppressing her shyness. 
This time, the volume was a bit louder. 
But it was still soft and delicate, like a kitten’s meow. 
After she called out, she felt the breath on her head become warmer and more hurried. 
But the man didn’t make a sound. 
She blinked and looked up with wonder, just as her face was held by the man’s big hand and his handsome face that made it difficult for her to breathe suddenly came closer. Before she could react, her lips were sealed. 
His hot, moist lips pressed down hard... 
In no time, Joanna was kissed to the point of oxygen deprivation, finding it difficult to breathe. 
Her body became more and more limp. 
She didn’t know when she was again pressed under him. 
The man hovering above her was like a demon that could suck away someone’s energy. Joanna had no strength left in her body under his manipulation, and her hand, which she had extended to stop him, was forcefully and domineeringly held down by him. 
"Baby, I’m hungry." 
Ashton Heath looked down at the flushed girl beneath him, her eyes hazy, her body emanating a faint pink, and his eyes were so dark and terrifying, filled with aggression: "Baby, I want you." 
"No..." 
Joanna had just opened her mouth to speak when her lips were sealed again. 
She was once again kissed until her body was soft, her mind went blank, unable to think. 
Just when she was completely overwhelmed and had no power to resist him, the burning hot body of the man suddenly withdrew. 
He pulled away from her, along with his strong aggression. 
Joanna opened her eyes in confusion, the water-like haze in her eyes fixed on the man beside her. 
Ashton Heath, his clothes disheveled, rolled over and got out of bed. His breathing was still a bit rapid, and in the quiet room, she could hear his equally rapid panting. 
He got out of bed barefoot and turned around to walk toward the bathroom. 
After two steps, he stopped, turned back and looked at Joanna. As those questioning black eyes met his, his sexy, thin lips were slightly raised, and his voice was hoarse: "Baby, wait for me. I’m going to get something." 
Joanna blinked her eyes. 
Get something? 
At such a critical moment, what was he going to get? 
At first, she had rejected him. 
But later, her emotions were stirred by the man. 
When he suddenly pulled away, she felt a little uncomfortable... 
As if sensing what she was thinking, Ashton Heath gently hooked the corner of his lips again, whispering in an even sexier, hoarser voice: "I’m getting a condom. Don’t worry, your husband will be right back." 
Having said that, he turned and walked into the bathroom. 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
For a moment, her face turned beet red. 
What does he mean by "don’t worry"? 
She wasn’t worried at all! 
* 
One hour later. 
Having not eaten dinner and being forced to do more than an hour of "aerobic exercise" on an empty stomach, Joanna Lawrence lay limp and drained on the bed.
###Chapter 741: Chapter 740: You Do It for Me!
She guessed he must have not eaten. 
He flew straight here after work. 
She knew how picky this man was. 
Even if there was a meal on the plane, and he definitely had a nice first-class meal, he wouldn’t eat it. 
He had high demands for the ingredients. 
If it’s not the freshest ingredient, he wouldn’t even give it a second glance. 
Ashton Heath couldn’t be angry anymore. 
Deep down, he had already softened completely. 
Especially since she had just called him "husband." 
Even if she didn’t say it directly, once she softly called him "husband," he immediately raised the white flag and surrendered. 
"Baby, you just called me husband." 
Ashton Heath reached out to embrace the girl beside him, buried his head in her hair and took a deep breath, his voice low and hoarse, "Call me that again, and I won’t be angry." 
He wouldn’t just not be angry. 
He would give her his life. 
Joanna Lawrence usually had a hard time saying it. 
She always felt awkward. 
She wasn’t used to... calling him like that. 
Even though this man was already her husband in name and in reality. 
But it seems she had never formally called him husband once. 
Ashton Heath had requested it several times. 
She felt embarrassed, and refused. 
Now, her only thought was to appease this man, and she didn’t think too much about it. 
As long as she could please him quickly, she would do anything for him. 
It was just calling him husband. 
There was no difficulty in that. 
"If I call you that, you won’t be angry?" She blinked her black, soft and shiny eyes, and looked at him with a tender expression. 
She probably didn’t realize how tempting her gesture was. 
"Hmm, call me husband, and I won’t be angry." 
If he missed this chance, he didn’t know when he would get her to call him husband again. 
Her cheeks were thin-skinned. 
He had asked her so many times before and couldn’t make her say it. 
This time was a perfect opportunity. 
She wanted to please him, and as long as the request he made was not too outrageous, she would surely agree. 
He would not miss such a good opportunity. 
"Hmm, well... all right." 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head, her cheeks slightly red as she looked at his handsome, deep face, and then into his narrow, black eyes. After a moment of eye contact, she stifled the uneasiness and whispered, "Husband ..." 
* 
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. 
One hour later. 
Joanna Lawrence flipped over weakly, stared at the man beside her with a hint of resentment in her eyes, and spoke with a hoarse voice, "Ashton Heath, I’m hungry." 
"Mmm, baby, what do you want to eat?" 
"Anything I want to eat is fine?" 
"Mmm, of course." 
The man, satisfied in a certain way, had a pleasant smile on his eyebrows and eyes, gently stroking her face, his voice extremely tender. 
To say Ashton Heath was very satisfied would not be accurate. 
He felt that he would never have enough of Joanna Lawrence. 
His satisfaction came more from a sense of fulfillment in his heart than physically. 
Every time he wanted her, he enjoyed the feeling of completely possessing her. 
At that moment, he could feel that she belonged to him completely and utterly. 
Joanna Lawrence thought of how hard he had just bullied her and glared at him with resentment, saying unhappily, "I don’t want to eat takeout." 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips and nodded, "Alright, no takeout." 
"I don’t want to go out to eat either." 
"Alright, let’s not go out to eat." 
"You cook for me!" She knew he couldn’t cook and was deliberately making things difficult for him. "I want to eat Barbecue Pork Ribs." 
Ashton Heath was silent for a moment. 
Joanna Lawrence immediately slapped his hand away and pretended to be angry, "Forget it, I knew it would be like this. I was just kidding just now. What can you, a young master who’s been pampered since childhood, cook?" 
"I’ll just order takeout." 
She reached out to grab the phone on the bedside table and found the takeout App. 
Just as she opened it, she heard the man behind her say hesitantly and nervously, "Do you really... want to eat my cooking? I’ve never made Barbecue Pork Ribs before, but if you really want to eat it, I can learn now." 
Only then did Joanna Lawrence turn her head to look at him, "Are you really willing to cook?" 
Ashton Heath nodded, somewhat helplessly, but his eyes were filled with deep indulgence, "If you want to eat it, I’ll cook. Baby, there’s nothing I can’t do for you, as long as you’re happy. But, when the time comes, don’t complain it’s not delicious."
He didn’t have much confidence in his culinary skills. 
Except for the time he brewed sweat tea for her, he had only cooked once. 
Other times, he never set foot in the kitchen. 
But if she really wanted to eat his cooking, he would learn for her. 
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t expected Ashton Heath to agree in the first place. 
She had just been feeling resentful, so she deliberately made things difficult for him. 
What could he cook? 
He probably couldn’t even make a decent Tomato and Egg Stir-Fry, let alone Barbecue Pork Ribs. 
But when he really agreed to do it, she suddenly became interested. 
She stared at him for a while, then blinked her eyes, frowning slightly, "But, there’s no kitchen here, nor ingredients." 
"None of these are problems." 
Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds before rolling over and picking up his phone to make a call. 
Joanna Lawrence heard him lower his voice and say in a restrained tone, "I need a set of housing, and prepare the ingredients for making Barbecue Pork Ribs. Yes, buy some other things, too, something girls would like to eat."
###Chapter 742: Chapter 741: She is just...hungry.
"Don’t go too far, I am now... preferably somewhere near here." 
"Okay, I’ll get on it right away." 
A minute later, he ended the call, randomly threw his phone aside, then rolled over and pulled Joanna Lawrence into his arms. 
"Baby, it’s sorted. Shall we pack up and go now?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"What did you ask someone to do over the phone?" 
"Find a house, buy ingredients, all these are no problem. I’ve got it all sorted." 
"..." 
"You really asked someone to find a house?" 
"Otherwise?" The man raised his eyebrows, pinched her chin, leaned down and pecked her lips, saying indulgently, "Didn’t you say there’s no place to cook here, and no ingredients? If you want me to cook for you, we have to get the basic facilities ready." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t expect him to work so efficiently. 
Just one phone call, and the house was found instantly. 
This is... too easy. 
Indeed, the world of the rich is different from that of ordinary people. 
Money and power are really great things. 
Everything can be done so easily. 
When Ashton Heath got everything ready and was truly prepared to cook for her, Joanna Lawrence started to hesitate, "How about some other day? Let’s order takeout." 
She was quite hungry now. 
She imagined that by the time Ashton Heath finishes preparing the "Barbecue Pork Ribs" she wants, she’ll probably faint from hunger. 
"You want to eat my Barbecue Pork Ribs, don’t you?" Ashton Heath picks her up and carries her to the bathroom, "I promised to cook for you and I will. I’ve asked someone to prepare everything, just wait until we’re done tidying up and everything should be ready." 
"I’ve also asked someone to buy other food, if you’re hungry, you can eat something else first to fill your stomach." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Is he really set on cooking? 
She kind of regretted it now. 
She shouldn’t have made such a request at this time. 
Isn’t she digging her own grave? 
Why can’t she just order a full meal and then bother him? 
"Ashton Heath, does it have to be today?" Joanna Lawrence wanted to negotiate, "It’s getting late, I think..." 
"Baby, you want to eat now, right?" 
"I want to eat now, but..." 
"Then we cook today." Ashton Heath kicks open the bathroom door, carries her in, and turns on the shower head with one free hand. "Baby, it’s no trouble for you. You’ve fed me, it’s my turn to feed you." 
Joanna Lawrence’s lips twitched. 
Wasn’t she suggesting to do it another day because she didn’t want to trouble him? 
She was just... hungry. 
So hungry. 
Whimpering internally, she yearned for a hearty, hot meal. 
* 
In the end, they ordered takeout. 
When Ashton Heath carried Joanna Lawrence out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel and exhausted, she was too tired to lift a finger. 
Ashton Heath carried her to the bed and wiped her hair with a towel. After a while, he fetched a hairdryer to dry it bit by bit. 
Throughout the process Joanna Lawrence lay motionless on the bed, allowing the man beside her to care for her gently and attentively. 
Once Ashton Heath had dried her hair, he cradled her in his arms, inhaling the sweet scent coming from her. He couldn’t resist lightly pecking her lips and murmured softly, "I’ve ordered takeout, all your favorite dishes. Just wait a little longer, you’ll be able to eat soon."
###Chapter 743: Chapter 742: Guard against Fire, Theft, and Brothers
Joanna Lawrence closed her eyes and leaned into his embrace without even bothering to respond to him. 
She didn’t have the strength to respond to him now. 
Ashton Heath was an absolute beast in human skin! 
A complete beast! 
He wasn’t even human! 
They had agreed to take a bath, but he started getting handsy while washing her. 
Juxtaposing her against the bathroom wall, Ashton pressed himself on her twice. Although the duration wasn’t long, the man had tried many different styles on her. Joanna cried from the torment. 
However, the more she cried, the more excited the beast became. 
He used even more shameful techniques on her. 
Now she wanted a divorce, but she didn’t know if it was too late. 
Ignoring her, Ashton didn’t say anything. He gently kissed her forehead and stroked her cheeks, saying, "I’ll ask for a day off for you. You don’t have to go to the film crew so early tomorrow." 
"Get a good night’s sleep and go when you have rested enough." 
Joanna, who had been ignoring Ashton the whole time, suddenly opened her eyes. Seeing that he was already taking out his phone, Joanna quickly reached out to stop him, "No, Ashton, don’t ask for a day off for me." 
About to send a Twitter message to Gary White, Ashton raised his eyebrows at her words, "Really? You don’t want to sleep in?" 
Joanna bit the corner of her lip, "Taking a leave of absence after just a few days in the crew wouldn’t look good. I can crawl out of bed tomorrow morning. Anyway, don’t ask for a day off for me. I don’t want to leave a bad impression on Mr. White." 
"What’s the big deal?" Ashton dismissed, "If I ask for a day off for you, he won’t say anything." 
"No." Joanna firmly refused, "Even if Yannick Luther and Mr. White have a good relationship and Yannick asked Mr. White to take care of me, I can’t take advantage of this connection to ask for special treatment." 
"I must leave a good impression on Mr. White." 
Ashton hooked his lips and listened to her talk. 
Listening to her, the smile on his lips froze. 
As Joanna finished, he sneered, "Mr. White?" 
When did his wife and the man surnamed White have such a close relationship? 
Calling him "Mr. White" now? 
Maddox’s issue wasn’t resolved yet, and now there was another one, Gary White? 
If Maddox’s threat level was five out of ten, 
Then Gary White’s would be seven. 
Joanna once said she admired Gary White. 
And women were often most attracted to men they admired. 
Thinking about this, his face turned completely dark. 
Joanna hadn’t noticed that the jealousy in the man beside her had escalated yet again. She was still earnestly telling him, "Yes, Mr. White. I always thought he was aloof and hard to approach, but it’s not like that at all." 
Talking about Gary White, there was a sweet smile on her lips, "He’s quite serious when he’s working, like my former head teacher. However, in private, he’s very gentle, like a friendly neighbor." 
She didn’t notice that the man’s face next to her was getting darker. 
Ashton tightly pursed his lips, his deep eyes narrowed slightly, and the chill around him was overwhelming. 
Gary White was gentle? 
Like a friendly neighbor? 
Was she sure she was talking about Gary White? 
He had been friends with Gary White for so many years, but hadn’t seen his gentle side? 
Perhaps he was gentle only to her. 
Guard against fire, guard against theft, and guard against friends. Ashton never thought that among those coveting his wife, there would be his friend.
###Chapter 744: Chapter 743: I’m Sure He’s Up to No Good
At this moment, he wanted to kill Gary White. 
"You know what, Mr. White told me today..." Joanna Lawrence rambled on, and as she spoke, she suddenly realized something was off. 
From the beginning to the end, the man beside her seemed to have never responded to her. 
Moreover, she suddenly felt a chill blowing at her. The temperature in the room was set just right, and she was still wrapped in a towel, but when that cold air touched her skin, she shivered all over. 
She turned her head in confusion, only to meet a face as dark as a Fondue Base. 
The man’s deep eyebrows were draped in a layer of coldness, and his tightly pursed thin lips were also shaped in a cold arc, once again transforming him into the "Keep Away" vinegar pot. 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback for a few seconds before quickly guessing why he was angry again. 
She couldn’t help but laugh and cry at the same time. 
Her heart felt a little tired. 
If she were to say that Ashton Heath was the most jealous man in the world, no one would argue, right? 
She had just appeased him not too long ago, and now he was upset again. 
He was really... more jealous than a woman. 
But, what could she do when she was married to a jealous man other than find ways to appease him? 
Returning him was completely out of the question, for once mentioned, he might throw a tantrum for days and nights. 
"Ashton, did you know that Mr. White has a younger sister? She was separated from them when she was young. He always wanted to have another younger sister, but his mom wouldn’t have any more children." 
"So, not having a sister to accompany him in his growth has always been his regret." 
Ashton was aware of this matter. 
This wasn’t a secret among some of the well-connected big families. 
Everyone knew that the White family had a daughter who was left outside, who had to be separated from them due to some special reasons years ago. 
After the White family resolved the crisis, they tried to find that daughter again but lost contact with the family who had taken her in. 
And they never found her again. 
However, the White family has not given up and is still searching. 
He didn’t know why Joanna suddenly brought up this matter to him. 
But it made him even more upset. 
Gary White had actually told Joanna about this. 
Although this matter was no longer a secret among them because of their good friendship, what kind of friendship did Joanna have with him? 
They had only known each other for a few days. 
Their relationship hadn’t reached that level yet, had it? 
He even told her about his family’s affairs. What did he want? 
Was he trying to steal her away? 
For a moment, an intense sense of jealousy made Ashton restless. 
He really wanted to confront Gary White right away. 
Ask that damn guy what he was up to. 
There’s an old saying that you don’t mess with your friend’s wife, but if a man covets his own brother’s woman, is he still human? 
"So?" he tried to suppress his sour feelings and listened for a while, but he couldn’t help it anymore, speaking sourly, "Did he tell you that seeing you is like seeing his sister and that he can’t help but want to be close to you? Was it his idea for you to call him Mr. White?" 
"Eh..." 
Joanna Lawrence widened her eyes a little, staring at him in surprise. 
Ashton glanced at her: "How would I know? We’re all men, wouldn’t I know a man’s thoughts? Only you would be gullible enough to believe his words. I bet he has ulterior motives."
###Chapter 745: Chapter 744: This man, really too much.
"...Ashton Heath, can’t you just stop being jealous for no reason?"
Joanna Lawrence rubs her forehead, feeling a headache coming on: "Mr. White is not interested in women like me, he has no romantic feelings towards me. He really just treats me like a sister, and I think of him as a big brother. Our relationship is pure and innocent." 
"Please don’t always assume that other men have ulterior motives towards me." 
Joanna still trusts her instincts. 
She can feel that Gary White does not have any romantic feelings for her. 
But the jealous man beside her seems to think she’s irresistible to everyone." 
However, she’s not a dollar; how could it be possible that everyone likes her? 
"Sister, brother?" Ashton Heath sneers with a cold expression, sarcastically saying, "You might not have any feelings for him, but what about his feelings for you? Baby, I’ve told you I’m a man, and only men truly understand what men think and feel." 
"Damn Gary White for daring to covet my woman." 
Ashton Heath’s anger reaches its peak, and he can’t take it anymore – he picks up his phone to call Gary White. 
After a few seconds, the call connects, and a lazy, indifferent voice comes through: "President Ashton, what’s wrong? You’re calling me again late at night. Is it because Joanna won’t let you in, and you can’t find a place to spend the night, so you want me to take you in?" 
Ashton Heath hears him say "Joanna" and suddenly can’t suppress his anger any longer. 
He narrows his eyes, the depths of which roil with terrible rage, but the corners of his lips curl up ever so slightly. Grinding his teeth, he says word by word, "Gary White, do you want to fucking die or something?" 
When Joanna realizes he’s actually calling Gary White, she jumps up from the bed. 
She’s furious and tries to snatch his phone away: "Ashton Heath, what the hell are you doing? Have you lost your mind?" 
As she tries to take his phone, Ashton’s expression darkens even more. He dodges her and threatens Gary White on the other end: "I trusted you with her because of our friendship, thinking that at least you wouldn’t let her be mistreated." 
"I trusted you enough to leave my woman in your care." 
"But what’s the result? You’ve developed dirty thoughts about her? Do you want to bet I can make you fail in the entertainment industry right now?" 
Joanna is so angry at his actions that she feels faint. 
She knows he’s a jealous person. 
She knows how small-minded and possessive he can be in matters of love, always getting jealous over the most absurd things." 
But in the past, even when he was jealous, he had never done something so unreasonable. 
She never thought that just because she had called Gary White "Mr. White," he would take that as proof that Gary had malicious intentions towards her and would actually call him up and curse him out. 
Could he even consider her perspective when doing this? 
When his temper flares up, he only cares about whether he can vent his frustrations, no matter the consequences. 
He doesn’t care about how his actions might affect others.’ 
Suddenly, she feels wronged and wants to cry. 
This man is really too much. 
His possessiveness towards her has reached a pathological level. 
She can’t establish even a slightly good relationship with any other man; once she does, in his eyes, it’s proof of malicious intentions." 
With this mindset, he wants to make all the men in the industry fear her and keep their distance RTWF
###Chapter 746: Chapter 745: I Apologize, I Was Wrong
He didn’t allow any woman to come near her even a little, but what about himself? 
Didn’t he also have female friends? 
Even a childhood sweetheart he had known for over twenty years. 
Was he justifying himself to have double standards? 
The more Joanna Lawrence thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt and tears began to flow uncontrollably. 
Gary White was such a proud man. 
Arbitrarily scolded by him, and it was because of her he scolded, tomorrow, she probably didn’t need to go to the film crew anymore. 
Feeling disillusioned, she pulled back the hand that was about to snatch his phone, wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, turned around, not wanting to deal with him anymore. 
Whatever he wants to do, let him do it. 
After all, she couldn’t stop him. 
But thinking about the role she had luckily got which suddenly vanished, which was caused by his inexplicable jealousy, she felt extremely wronged and sad. 
At this moment, she really... hated Ashton Heath to death. 
Ashton Heath was threatening Gary White, but suddenly heard a sob behind him. He turned around to see Joanna Lawrence sitting on the bed wiping her tears, her eyes swollen from crying. He was stunned and immediately panicked. 
He didn’t care about making any threats anymore, tossed his phone away, and immediately turned around and walked over. 
"Baby..." 
As soon as he opened his mouth, Joanna Lawrence choked up and said, "Ashton Heath, do you wish that there wouldn’t be a man by my side? Only then will you feel at ease with me? Do you wish I stay at home and not go anywhere, so you would be satisfied?" 
"I..." 
The girl’s voice was no longer as sweet as before, nor as affectionate. 
Ashton Heath heard a hint of indifference and distance in her words. 
He clenched his fist, his heart becoming increasingly flustered: "I didn’t mean it that way." 
Why did she start crying? 
When did she start crying? 
In the bathroom earlier, when he was pushing her too far, she cried. 
But at that time, her tears only excited and thrilled him, making him want to tease her more. 
Her tears now, however, filled him with panic. 
Large droplets of tears slid from her eyes and splashed onto her porcelain-white, baby-soft face. 
Ashton Heath reached out to wipe her tears, but she turned her head away to avoid his hand, not giving him a look. 
Her intent to distance herself was very clear. 
"Baby..." Ashton Heath’s hand froze halfway, and after a while, he slowly withdrew it. His voice was strained as he said, "I’m sorry, I was wrong. Don’t cry anymore. Let me call him right now to explain that it was all a misunderstanding, okay?" 
"Actually, you don’t need to worry. I’ve known Gary White for many years. He won’t... take my words just now seriously, and he won’t take it out on you because of it. You like this TV series, I promise that you can smoothly finish shooting it, okay?"
"I was blindsided by jealousy. I admit that I wasn’t rational, and I got a bit carried away. However, precisely because I understand Gary White, I feel that he towards you..." He stopped here. 
She was angry at the moment. 
He was afraid that if he said those words, she would get even more angry. 
"In any case, making you cry is my fault." Ashton Heath turned around, picked up the phone he had thrown on the table, and then slowly walked back to her. 
"What can I do to make you stop being angry? Can I call him again and apologize to him?"
###Chapter 747: Chapter 746: So Jealous that It’s Overwhelming
As long as she stops crying, he can do anything. 
Her tears are like shards of glass, stabbing his heart, making him unbearably upset. 
Joanna Lawrence raises her red, swollen eyes and finally looks at him directly, but her gaze is still cold and distant: "Ashton Heath, do you think I am angry with you about this?" 
Ashton Heath is taken aback: "Is it not because of this? Then what is it?" 
Joanna Lawrence takes a deep breath and wipes away her tears. After thinking for a while, she says, "It’s related to this, but it’s not entirely because of this. Ashton Heath, do you know how tiring it is to be with someone who lives too selfishly, not caring about others’ feelings?" 
Ashton Heath purses his lips. 
"So, you think being with me makes you tired?" He asks with a hoarse voice after a moment of silence. 
Joanna shakes her head: "Not really. During the time I’ve been with you, I’ve been very happy." 
The man’s deep eyes flash with surprise as he stares at her for a few seconds: "But you just said you would be tired." 
"Yes, I did say that," Joanna nods, "I meant that after being together for a long time, it would be tiring. Your need for control and possessiveness are too strong. It’s impossible for me not to have any interactions with the opposite sex." 
"Moreover, my current social circle and profession mean I am bound to have contact with many men in the future. Ashton Heath, I cannot abandon all my male friends once I am married to you."
"It’s not realistic." 
"If it were you, could you do it?" 
"Of course, I can..." Ashton Heath opens his mouth, but stops halfway through his sentence. 
Actually, he really wants to say he can. 
With just one word from her, he can do anything for her. 
With her, he doesn’t need any other female friends. 
His world is enough with her in it. 
But he knows she doesn’t want to hear that answer. 
It would only make her think he’s even more abnormal. 
And how would a woman feel about a man who’s not normal? 
She would want to escape. 
"You can’t do it either, can you?" Joanna Lawrence misunderstands his meaning, "If you can’t do it, why do you expect me to?" 
Ashton Heath stares at her intently and can’t help blurting out, "What if... I could do it?" 
Joanna is startled, then shakes her head, "Then I still can’t. As long as I’m a normal person, I’ll have a normal social circle. I can only promise I won’t think of them beyond friendship, but I can’t completely cut off all contact between friends of the opposite sex." 
Regardless of profession, there are always members of the opposite sex. 
Completely avoiding interaction is impossible. 
Ashton Heath notices her mood slowly calming down, so he hesitantly reaches out again. When he feels her not flinching away, his slender, slightly cold fingers gently and cautiously wipe away the tear stains at the corners of her eyes. 
"I didn’t mean for you to stop interacting with the opposite sex." He says as he wipes away her tears and approaches her, "I never intended to demand that of you. Joanna Lawrence, do you really think I am such a paranoid and unreasonable person in your heart?" 
Joanna looks at him, not speaking. 
He has never made such a request. 
Instead, his jealousy flares up. 
Jealous of the lead actor of the crew, and of the director of the crew...
###Chapter 748: Chapter 747: I Will Change All the Things I Don’t Like
What’s the difference even if he asks or not? 
Ashton Heath seemed to have thought of these two things as well, and there was a moment of uneasiness on his face. He coughed lightly, covering his mouth, "That Maddox guy, indeed, has malicious intentions. It’s right for you to stay away from him." 
"Alright, I think I understand what you mean. From now on, I’ll gradually change, okay? Joanna, I know there are many things about me that aren’t very likable. If you don’t like them, I’ll change, but just give me some time." 
"I’ll change, any part you don’t like, I’ll change them all." 
At his core, Ashton Heath is a man with particularly strong possessiveness and controlling desires. 
In front of Joanna, he has already been quite restrained. 
If he reveals his true side to her, he might scare her away. 
Just the pressure shown now has already made her feel tired. 
How could he dare to let her know that he has actually restrained himself a lot already? 
The man was almost begging her in a low and humble tone. 
Joanna raised her head, looking at his cautious yet apprehensive expression, and her heart was instantly moved. 
This was Ashton Heath. 
He grew up with a golden spoon in his mouth, always having others cater to him, never needing or wanting to ask anyone for anything. 
But now... 
He lowered his stance, asking and pleading with her. 
When had he ever begged like this to someone before? 
She disliked his overbearing and possessive nature. 
But if he didn’t care about her that much, he probably wouldn’t even spare her a glance when he was being cold. 
Is it wrong to care about someone? 
When you like someone, can you really control yourself? 
Facing Ashton like this, Joanna’s heart softened all at once. 
Yes, when she first met him, she knew what kind of person he was. 
His personality was formed since childhood. 
With a character like this for over twenty years, it wouldn’t be possible for him to change overnight. 
She should give him some time. 
And also give herself some time. 
"Alright, I promise you." 
She looked at him, the indifference and alienation in her eyes fading bit by bit. She extended her hand, signaling for him to lower his head a little. 
Ashton Heath immediately followed suit. 
Joanna then stretched out her hand again, her soft touch falling on his handsome and profound face, stroking the distinct angles of his eyes, the prominent bridge of his nose, and finally landing on his warm, soft thin lips. 
She raised her little face, locked eyes with him, and after several seconds of silence, she spoke softly, "Ashton Heath, can you promise me something too?" 
The man’s gaze was very deep, focused on her, and he nodded gently, "Sure, tell me." 
No matter what she asked. 
He would promise her. 
If she asked for the stars in the sky, he would find a way to pick them for her. 
"From now on, don’t be so impulsive." Joanna frowned slightly, thinking of his earlier behavior, and couldn’t help but sigh, "Ashton Heath, since I married you, I am your wife, and the only person I will ever like from now on is you." 
"I can’t guarantee other people’s thoughts, but I can guarantee my own." 
Upon hearing her say the word "like", the man’s inky eyes lit up for a moment. 
"So, don’t always worry about someone stealing me away. Do you have so little confidence in yourself? Do you think you’re such an unattractive man that any man could overshadow you?"
###Chapter 749: Chapter 748: Have you started to like me now?
"No." Ashton Heath’s eyes slowly filled with a smile. 
Of course not. 
She didn’t know that he wasn’t a person who lacked confidence. 
In fact, it was only when he encountered things related to her that he would feel a sense of losing control and become insecure. 
Because he thought she was too good, way too good. 
Head to toe, she was full of virtues. 
Being so wonderful, it was only natural that everyone would like her. 
The more people who liked her, the more threatened he felt. 
"In my eyes, my husband is the best and first in the world. No one can compare to him." Joanna Lawrence decided to say some sweet words to give someone a dose of reassurance, to steady him, and to boost his confidence. 
So that he wouldn’t keep doubting this and that. 
She rolled her eyes, searching her mind for various sweet nothings, and after finding them, she poured them all out at him: "Other men... can’t even compare to a single strand of your hair; how could I ever be interested in them?" 
As she spoke, she felt the gaze on her face become scorching. Looking up, she met a pair of fiery, dark, and deep eyes. 
She was all too familiar with this stare. 
She subconsciously tightened the towel around her body, the aching sensation at the base of her thighs making her fearfully say, "Ashton Heath, I have to get up early tomorrow, I am really tired now..." 
"I know." 
The man’s Adam’s apple bobbed, and he said in a hoarse voice, "Baby, I haven’t thought about doing anything. Don’t worry, I won’t touch you again today." 
Joanna looked at him with a mixture of doubt and belief. 
Every time he said this, the result was... 
Ashton Heath sat down beside her, tenderly wrapping his arm around her and pulling her into his embrace. His hand stroked gently on top of her head, whispering into her ear, "Were the things you just said from your heart?" 
The man’s body was also burning hot. 
But the hand around her waist was very well-behaved and didn’t wander. 
Joanna felt slightly more at ease, moving closer to him and resting her head on his chest. Listening to his heartbeat, she answered: "Yes, they were from my heart." 
"You just said that you would only like me from now on?" 
"Yes." 
"So..." Ashton Heath took a deep breath, his hand stroking her hair gradually moving to her chin. He pinched her chin and raised it slightly, looking deeply into her eyes, "Can I understand it as you have already started to like me?" 
Joanna’s gaze unswervingly met his, and under his slightly nervous anticipation, she gently nodded: "Yes, you can understand it that way." 
She, in fact, had fallen for him long ago. 
When did it all begin? 
She couldn’t remember, but perhaps it was from the moment he earnestly promised, in front of her and Jeremy Lawrence, that he would take care of the two of them and be their rock. 
That warmth touched her heart. 
And then... 
His many actions began occupying more and more space in her heart. 
She was just an ordinary girl. 
Having met such an excellent man who treated her so well, unless her heart was made of stone, how could she possibly not be moved? 
At the moment she nodded, the man’s handsome face magnified in front of her eyes. His warm, moist lips landed softly and gently kissed her. 
This kiss was neither intense nor lasting. 
He just gently sucked on her lips for a moment before pulling away.
###Chapter 750: Chapter 749: The Whole World, It’s All You
"How much do you like me?" He pressed against her forehead, his breath spilling onto her cheeks, intimately nuzzling her. There was unrestrained joy in his deep voice. "Hmm? Tell me, how much do you like me?" 
Even if her affection for him was only half of his for her, it would be enough. 
He would use the rest of his life to slowly make up for the other half of her love. 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh, "I like you a lot, a whole lot, okay?" 
"Hmm, okay." Ashton Heath’s lips curved upward, and his brows also lifted. "But I am greedy. I want more of your love. Baby, can you try to like me even more?" 
"More love?" 
"Yeah, just indulge my greed." 
Before she had confessed her feelings to him, just a tiny bit of her affection was enough for him. 
But now, it was not enough anymore. 
He wanted more... 
He wanted her eyes to see only him. 
He wanted to be the one she firmly chose. 
"But I might need some time to warm up; I am not the type to like someone that quickly." 
"It’s alright." Ashton Heath licked his lips, "I can wait." 
"You can wait for however long it takes?" 
"Hmm, I can wait for however long it takes. But I still hope it won’t take too long." There was deep affection in the man’s eyes as he couldn’t help but kiss her lips again, whispering, "Baby, I’ll try my hardest to make you like me more." 
Joanna couldn’t help but ask, "What about you?" 
"Hmm?" 
"You want me to like you more, but what about you...?" 
Before she could finish, Ashton Heath pressed her hand to his heart, "Baby, this place has long been filled by you. You are everywhere inside." 
In that instant, Joanna’s heartbeat accelerated. 
Her ears filled with his words. 
He said, this place has long been filled by you. 
He said, you are everywhere inside... 
"Ashton Heath..." 
"Joanna, I like you." The man’s husky voice was dripping with affection, his dark eyes filled with her reflection, whisper after whisper, "I like you so, so much." 
My heart, filled with you.
My mind, filled with you too. 
The whole world, all about you. 
Madly in love. 
Their cool, minty lips gently met, and Joanna couldn’t help but wrap her arms around his neck, her eyelashes trembling as she closed her eyes. 
The temperature around them quickly rose, and gradually, both became a little impassioned. 
At the last moment where they were almost consumed by desire, Ashton Heath regained his senses first. 
He took a deep breath, quickly got off the bed, and covered her body with the thin quilt. He then got up and headed towards the bathroom, his voice hoarse, "Baby, I’m going to take a shower. If the delivery arrives, you eat first." 
Not long after, Joanna heard the splashing of water in the bathroom. 
They had just taken a bath. 
She could guess why he was showering again so quickly. 
He must be taking a cold shower this time. 
She actually didn’t expect him to be able to control himself. 
He didn’t touch her at all. 
Not long after Ashton Heath went to the bathroom, his phone rang. 
Joanna walked over, saw the Caller ID, and was surprised to see that it was Rebecca Kelloway. 
Her brows furrowed involuntarily. After a few seconds of hesitation, she picked up the call.
###Chapter 751: Chapter 750: How did Ashton’s phone end up in your hands?
"How much?" He pressed against her forehead, his breath falling on her cheek, rubbing affectionately, his deep voice filled with unabashed joy. "Hmm? Tell me, how much do you like me?" 
Even if her affection for him were only half, it would be enough. 
The remaining half, he could exchange with her for the rest of his life. 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh, "I like you a lot, is that enough?" 
"Mhm, good." Ashton Heath’s lips curved up slightly, his eyebrows raising. "But I’m greedy. I want even more of your love. Baby, can you try to like me even more?" 
"Even more love?" 
"Yes, call me greedy." 
Before she had confessed her feelings to him, he thought even a little bit of her affection was enough. 
But now, he didn’t think it was enough. 
He wanted more... 
He wanted to be the only one in her eyes. 
He wanted to be the one she chose resolutely. 
"But I might be a slow burn. I won’t fall for anyone too quickly," she said. 
"That’s fine." Ashton Heath touched his lips. "I can wait." 
"How long are you willing to wait?" 
"I can wait as long as it takes. But I still hope I won’t have to wait too long." The man’s eyes were filled with affection, and he murmured softly, "Baby, I’ll work hard, I’ll make you like me even more." 
Joanna couldn’t help but ask, "And you?" 
"Hmm?" 
"If I like you more, then you...?" 
Before she had finished speaking, Ashton put her hand on his heart: "Baby, you’ve already filled this place to the brim. All of it is you." 
In an instant, Joanna’s heart beat faster. 
His words kept echoing in her ears. 
He said, "This place has long been filled by you." 
He said, "It’s all you inside..." 
"Ashton Heath..." 
"Joanna, I like you." The man’s low voice overflowed with affection, his dark pupils were filled with her figure, and he whispered tenderly, "I love you so much." 
You fill my heart. 
You fill my mind. 
You fill the entire world. 
Madly in love. 
Cool mint-scented lips gently touched hers, and Joanna couldn’t help but wrap her arms around his neck, closing her eyes as her eyelashes trembled. 
After a moment. 
Ashton got up and walked toward the bathroom. "Baby, I’m going to take a shower. If the takeaway arrives, you can start eating first." 
It didn’t take long for Joanna to hear the sound of water running in the bathroom. 
Not long after Ashton had gone to the bathroom, his phone rang. 
Joanna walked over and saw that the Caller ID was showing Rebecca Kelloway. 
Her eyebrows couldn’t help but frown, and after hesitating for a few seconds, she picked it up and pressed the call button. 
"Ashton, did I disturb your rest?" Rebecca’s voice came through, it sounded very gentle, especially the way she said "Ashton," which seemed very lingering. 
Joanna pinched the phone, not saying a word. 
Rebecca wasn’t aware that it was Joanna who’d answered the phone. Joanna remained silent, but Rebecca didn’t seem to mind, and spoke softly with a laugh, "You’re in Frankfurt now, right? I heard from Lady Octavia that Joanna had some issues, and you went to find her because you were worried about her. How is she now? Is she emotionally stable? What exactly happened with those scandals? Did she explain it to you?" 
"Actually, I watched the video myself. I think it must have been hyped up by the unscrupulous media because there wasn’t anything ambiguous in it. Besides, Joanna is married to you, so why would she need to get close to a male actor for popularity? Ashton, you spoil her so much. As long as she asks you, who wouldn’t want to be Female Lead 1 in any TV series? However, Ashton, are you aware that Lady Octavia doesn’t really approve of Joanna acting? She talked to me today about it. She thinks it’s not appropriate for the young lady of the Heath family, with its current power and status, to be an actress." 
"I know it’s a family matter and I shouldn’t be saying too much. But I also think being an actress isn’t the best career choice. You might be subject to gossip. Have you thought about asking Joanna to leave the entertainment industry?" 
Joanna listened silently, wanting to know what Rebecca was getting at. 
By now, it was clear enough.
Rebecca was advocating for Lady Octavia, trying to get Ashton to persuade Joanna to leave the entertainment industry. 
"Ashton, are you listening to what I’m saying? I know you spoil Joanna, so you let her do whatever she wants. But is this really good for her? The entertainment industry is a sprawling melting pot. Do you really feel comfortable letting her stay in it?" 
Joanna couldn’t help but sneer, "Miss Kelloway, you’re really good at meddling in other people’s affairs. I heard what you said earlier, loud and clear. First of all, thank you for your concern. However, since you know this is a family matter, it’s better for you, an outsider, not to interfere. Whether or not the entertainment industry is suitable for me is none of your business. My husband didn’t say anything when I became an actress, but you, an outsider, are constantly talking about how it’s not good and how there’ll be gossip. You seem to care about me more than my own husband." 
"Joanna?!" Hearing her voice, Rebecca sounded shocked, "How is Ashton’s phone in your hands? Where is he?" 
"Are you talking about my husband?" 
Joanna glanced in the direction of the bathroom, curved her lips, and walked towards it. Arriving at the door, she knocked gently. 
A deep, sexy voice came from the bathroom, "Baby, what’s up?"
###Chapter 752: Chapter 751: Do You Dare to Tell Him About This Matter?
Once she said it, she couldn’t help but get goosebumps all over her.
She felt so embarrassed. 
The bathroom was quiet for a while. 
Quiet enough that Joanna Lawrence began to wonder if Ashton Heath hadn’t heard her cringe-worthy words. 
Or if he’d heard her, but was so put off by the cheesy words that he didn’t want to talk. 
Just as she was about to knock and ask him again, the sound of water stopped, and the man’s deep and husky voice rang out again: "Alright, hubby’s coming out to sleep with you." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
Sleep! 
Ashton Heath actually said "sleep" to her. 
For the first time, she heard such a childish repetitive phrase from him, and she was a bit surprised. 
So much so that she forgot she was on the phone with Rebecca Kelloway. 
She stood at the bathroom door in a daze for a while before remembering the call. 
She originally thought that Rebecca would have hung up in anger. 
But when she picked up her phone, she found they were still connected. 
At this point, she couldn’t help but admire Rebecca’s inner strength. 
Rebecca must have heard her conversation with Ashton Heath. 
Especially hers, as she had deliberately raised her volume for Rebecca to hear. 
If it were anyone else, they would have hung up after hearing such flirtatious conversation. 
But Rebecca Kelloway was no ordinary person. 
Ms. Rebecca, the young lady of the Kelloway family, was indeed different from ordinary people. 
Joanna Lawrence thought about it and put the phone up to her ear: "Ms. Kelloway, you must have heard everything. My husband and I are going to bed, so if you have nothing else to say, I’ll hang up." 
"Joanna Lawrence, you picked up his call without Ashton’s permission. Does he know you did that? You think your words just now can provoke me? Huh, laughable. Don’t you think your little tricks are childish and hilarious?" 
"True affection doesn’t need to be flaunted. The more you lack something, the more you want to show it off." 
"I’m telling you, I’m not envious at all. Your little tricks don’t work on me." 
Hearing Rebecca Kelloway’s gritted voice, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh: "Oh, really? Since you’re not provoked, Ms. Kelloway, why are you so worked up? Besides, I picked up your call without my husband’s permission, but I don’t think he would mind." 
"Ashton hates it when people touch his stuff without asking," Rebecca Kelloway gritted her teeth, "You dare to tell him about this?" 
"Are you sure?" Joanna Lawrence chuckled, "Ms. Kelloway, let me remind you, I’m his wife, not just anyone. He might be angry if others touch his stuff, but I can touch anything of his without him getting mad at me." 
"I’ve known Ashton for over twenty years, and I don’t need you to remind me what kind of person he is." Rebecca Kelloway seemed to be provoked by Joanna Lawrence’s words, and her tone became much sharper. "Joanna Lawrence, even if you’re his wife, you have no right to touch his things without asking." 
"So, Ms. Kelloway, you want me to prove it to you personally?" 
Joanna Lawrence really found this amusing. 
A woman claiming in front of her how well she knew her husband... 
And there was obvious provocation in her words. 
Clearly, she had no respect for her, the supposed young lady of the Heath family. 
Joanna Lawrence was not one to compete with people. 
So, when she first noticed that Rebecca Kelloway had feelings for Ashton Heath, she didn’t take it too seriously.
###Chapter 753: Chapter 752: My people are all yours, is there anything you can’t touch?
But, her not taking it seriously doesn’t mean that others think the same way. 
If they provoke her directly, and she doesn’t fight back, they would think she’s easy to bully. 
Especially when the person provoking her is Rebecca Kelloway. 
Joanna has been patient with Rebecca for a long time. 
"Alright." On the other end of the phone, Rebecca sneered, "You show me your proof, and make sure you don’t secretly delete the call history." 
"Of course I won’t delete it." Joanna glanced into the bathroom and smiled, "My husband is about to come out. I’ll ask him if I can answer his phone." 
Just as she finished speaking, the bathroom door opened with a "click." 
Having just taken a cold shower, the man walked out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel, and slightly damp all over. 
Water still dripped from his wet, short hair. 
Water droplets slid from his forehead, flowing down the cool, deep lines of his face, and lastly, falling onto his sensual, thin lips. 
The towel barely covered the lower half of his body. 
Chest muscles exposed, even an enticing set of abs. 
There were water droplets on his body that were not wiped dry. As he moved, the droplets slid from his chest down and rolled into the sexy V-lines below his abs. 
Further down... 
Joanna watched the enticing scene of a "beautiful man stepping out of the bath," swallowing her saliva, feeling a bit parched. 
Although she had just "deeply" experienced the beauty of this alluring male body not too long ago, each time she saw such a scene, she couldn’t help but be tempted. 
Ashton Heath... this man had an amazing body. 
Every time she saw it, she was tempted. 
"Baby?" 
Upon seeing her standing at the door, Ashton paused and then quickly walked over, holding her tenderly, "Why are you still standing here, didn’t you say you were tired?" 
"Oh." 
Joanna finally came back to her senses, waving the phone at him, and then saying, "Ms. Kelloway called while you were in the shower, and I answered for you. Oh right, the phone is still connected, do you want it?" 
"Rebecca called?" Ashton glanced at the still-connected phone screen. 
"Yeah." Joanna nodded, handing him the phone, "I answered Ms. Kelloway’s call without your permission, you don’t mind, right?" 
Ashton took the phone, looking at the still-connected call, furrowing his brows, "Why would I mind, what’s there to mind?" 
"Really? You don’t mind?" Joanna raised the corner of her lips, raising her voice, "But, Ms. Kelloway said you hate it when people touch your stuff without permission, and said you’ll definitely be angry. So, I’ve been waiting outside, afraid you would be mad." 
Ashton lowered his head to look at her, quickly understanding her words were directed at Rebecca, so he raised his voice in cooperation, softly saying, "You’re my wife, not to mention my things, even you have the right to touch them, what’s there you can’t touch?" 
Joanna was very satisfied with his cooperation and performance. 
So, she didn’t mind rewarding him a bit. 
She stood on her tiptoes and gently kissed him on the lips, blinked her playful eyes, glanced at the still-connected phone screen, and then giggled, "When did your lips get so sweet, my dear husband?" 
Hearing her soft, sweet term of endearment, Ashton’s Adam’s apple moved, his arm around her shoulders tightened, "Hmm? Don’t like it?"
###Chapter 754: Chapter 753: I am doing this voluntarily
But just because she didn’t care doesn’t mean others thought the same way. 
Since she was being provoked directly, if she didn’t strike back, they’d think she was easy to bully. 
Moreover, the one provoking her was Rebecca Kelloway. 
Joanna had already tolerated Rebecca for a long time. 
"Fine." On the other end of the phone, Rebecca chuckled coldly, "Show me the proof then, if you dare not to secretly delete the call history." 
"I won’t delete it." Joanna glanced into the bathroom and smirked, "My husband is coming out soon. I’m going to ask him if I can answer his calls." 
Just as she finished speaking, there was a "click" sound as the bathroom door opened. 
Ashton Heath, who had just taken a cold shower, was wrapped in a towel and carried a damp chill as he stepped out of the bathroom. 
Water droplets were still dripping from his damp short hair. 
Droplets slid down from his forehead, following the cold and deep contours of his face, and eventually landed upon his sexy thin lips. 
"Baby?" 
Seeing her standing at the door, Ashton paused and then quickly walked over to her, wrapping his arms around her gently, "Why are you still standing here? Weren’t you sleepy?" 
"Oh." 
Joanna regained her composure, waving the phone in front of him and saying, "Ms. Kelloway called while you were showering, and I helped you answer it. By the way, the call is still going on, do you want to take it?" 
"Rebecca called?" Ashton cast a glance at the phone screen, which showed the call was still going on. 
"Yeah." Joanna nodded and handed him the phone, "I answered her call without your permission. You don’t mind, do you?" 
Ashton took the phone, looked at the still ongoing call, and frowned: "Of course not, I have nothing to mind." 
"Really? You don’t mind?" Joanna’s lips curled up slightly, raising her voice and saying, "But, Ms. Kelloway said you hate it when others touch your things, and she said you’d definitely be angry. So I’ve been waiting outside, afraid you’d be mad." 
Ashton looked down at her, quickly understanding that she was saying these words for Rebecca to hear, and then cooperatively raised his voice too, softly saying, "You’re my wife, not to mention my things, even my person is yours. What’s there that you can’t touch?" 
Joanna was very satisfied with his cooperation and performance. 
So, she didn’t mind giving him a small reward. 
She tiptoed up and kissed his thin lips, blinked her playful eyes, looked at the call screen still going on, and then grinned, "Honey, when did your mouth become so sweet?" 
Hearing her coquettish voice calling him "honey", Ashton’s Adam’s apple rolled, and the arm around her shoulders tightened, "Hmm? You don’t like it?" 
"I do." Joanna glanced at the still ongoing call and suddenly felt a little sorry for Rebecca. 
Was this her last bit of stubbornness? 
Not hanging up even now? 
After all, if it were her, she wouldn’t be able to stand hearing the person she liked being intimate with another woman. 
"Honey, Ms. Kelloway still hasn’t hung up," Joanna kindly reminded him, "You should ask her what she needs. I think there must be some important matter since she called so late." 
Ashton seemed to just remember he was supposed to answer the call. 
Looking at Joanna, he raised his eyebrows slightly and asked in a normal volume without deliberately lowering his voice, "You don’t mind?" 
"Why would I mind?" Joanna looked magnanimous, "You’re just friends with Ms. Kelloway. It’s normal to call your friends, so go ahead." 
"Really don’t mind?" 
"Of course not. You’re not flirting with another woman behind my back. I have nothing to be worried about." Joanna urged him with her eyes, "Don’t keep Ms. Kelloway waiting, hurry up and answer." 
Seeing that she really didn’t mind, Ashton finally picked up the phone. 
"What do you want so late?" His voice was cold. 
On the other end of the phone, Rebecca’s voice trembled slightly, obviously suppressing something, "Ashton, does Joanna really control you so strictly now? You have to get her permission to answer other people’s calls? I thought you hated people meddling in your affairs. How could you now..." 
Before she could finish, Ashton interrupted her coldly, "You misunderstood. She has never controlled me nor made such demands." 
"Then you..." 
"I do it willingly. What’s the matter with you?" 
"I, I heard from Lady Octavia that you’ve blocked her number, and she’s very angry. Ashton, I just wanted to advise you..." 
"You called just because of this?" Ashton interrupted her impatiently. 
"Ashton, I..." 
"If it’s just because of this, then there’s nothing to talk about. It’s late, Joanna’s sleepy, and I have to sleep with her. That’s it." 
Ashton hung up the phone first. 
After hanging up, he casually put the phone on a nearby cabinet. 
He held Joanna, walked to the table, and glanced at the untouched food on the table, frowning slightly: "Why didn’t you eat it? Does it not suit your taste?" 
"No, I wanted to wait for you." 
"Didn’t you say you were hungry a long time ago?" Ashton rubbed her head, sat down with her, picked up a fork and picked up a shrimp to taste it. After confirming it was still warm, he then picked up another one and fed it to her. 
Furrowing his brows but with a deep tender look in his eyes, he said, "You were so hungry, and still, you waited for me. Are you silly?" 
Joanna obediently opened her mouth and ate the shrimp he fed her. 
The take-out he ordered was naturally the best dishes delivered from the finest hotel. 
The taste was top-notch.
The dishes were stored in an insulation container, so they hadn’t cooled off. 
The shrimp was tender and delicious, immediately arousing her appetite. After eating one, her stomach growled with hunger. 
Ashton picked up another forkful of food, fed it to her and said, "You’re so hungry and yet still waiting for me. Are you silly?" 
Joanna obediently opened her mouth and swallowed the food in her mouth in a few bites, then picked up a fork too, scooping up some food to feed him.
###Chapter 755: Chapter 754: I Only Care Whether My Wife is Angry or Not
"There’s more fun in eating together. What did Ms. Kelloway say to you earlier? You seemed rather impatient," she asked, her mouth full. 
Ashton Heath swallowed the piece of rib she had fed him before speaking. "Nothing important. You two seemed to have chatted for a while before I came. What did she say to you?" 
"Nothing much." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t want to tell him about it. 
If she told him that Lady Octavia ed to her continuing to act and wanted her to quit showbiz, she might well become the one stirring up their mother-son relationship. 
"Nothing?" Ashton clearly did not believe her, his deep black eyes fixed on her, probing. "Really nothing? Baby, I hope you’re not hiding anything from me. If she has upset you, tell me." 
"Really, it’s nothing." 
Joanna Lawrence took another rib and fed him, "Am I the type of person who would suffer in silence? On the contrary, you were so curt with her, would she be angry about that?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her, "I only care whether my wife is angry." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
That answer was simply perfect. 
She felt like giving him a badge. 
Then, she rewarded him with another rib. 
* 
On the other side. 
Rebecca Kelloway listened to the dial tone on her phone, her long fingernails scratching out a sharp and piercing sound on the screen. 
Tears welled up in her eyes and dripped onto her face. 
Joanna Lawrence. 
She really hated this woman. 
She wished that she could immediately vanish from this world. 
Ashton Heath had never been so indifferent to her before. 
But everything changed after Joanna Lawrence appeared. 
He fell deeply in love with that woman. 
He was completely infatuated and could see no one else but her. 
She remembered their sweet conversation, the man she was deeply in love with spoke to another woman with a gentle and loving tone. The sweet nothings he said were beyond her wildest dreams. 
She never knew that he could say such sweet and gentle words to a woman. 
She always thought that a man with his character could never have such a side. 
The Ashton Heath she knew would never speak sweet nothings to any woman. 
But, she heard it all with her own ears. 
Every word was clear. 
Every sentence was like a sharp knife, stabbing into her heart over and over again. 
Each stabbing left her heart bleeding.
Even if she was hurt, even if she was bleeding, even if she was in unbearable pain. 
He wouldn’t show her any mercy because of that. 
His soul was completely taken away by the woman beside him. 
Rebecca Kelloway always firmly believed, no matter whom Ashton Heath marries now, no matter how good he treats Joanna Lawrence now, the woman who would eventually stay by Ashton Heath’s side would be her. 
Joanna Lawrence was just a passerby. 
So, she could tolerate it, she could wait. 
As long as the final result was good. 
But now, she was not so sure, she suddenly became afraid. 
A sense of panic that she had never felt before surged up from her heart. 
She was not as confident as before. 
The reality was that she had started to see Joanna Lawrence as a threat. 
She suddenly realized that if she did not take action soon, the matter would increasingly get out of her control.
###Chapter 756: Chapter 755: Many Little Strawberries on the Neck
"No, only I can be Ashton’s wife. I’m the one who will ultimately stand by his side. It’s me, not Joanna Lawrence!" 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna Lawrence left her room after tidying up, bumping into Nina who had just stepped out of another room. 
When Nina saw her, her face reddened instantly, and she greeted her somewhat awkwardly, "Uh, Good morning, Joanna." 
"Good morning." 
Joanna hadn’t noticed Nina’s unease. She covered her mouth and yawned, languidly saying, "I’m going down for breakfast, want to join us?" 
"No, I’ll grab something later, don’t want to be a third wheel and disturb you and your boyfriend". Nina glanced at several new red marks on Joanna’s neck, with a face full of words to say but holding back, "uh, Joanna..." 
"Hmm?" Joanna gave her a look. 
"Er..." Nina glanced again at her neck, then quickly walked up to her, leaned in, and said in a low voice, "You should hide the hickeys on your neck with something. It’s not good if people see it." 
After all, she was an actress. 
Going out with a neck full of hickeys was too noticeable, too ostentatious. 
And, the outside world didn’t know that she had a boyfriend yet. 
The company also wanted her to keep it quiet for now, not to go public. 
These hickeys...couldn’t be seen by anyone else. 
"What?" Joanna paused. 
Nina pointed at her neck, "Joanna, there are a lot of strawberries on your neck. These... should all be strawberries, right?" 
Although as a single woman who even had her first kiss preserved, she had no experience in these matters. 
But she also knew a thing or two without actually experiencing it. 
And, last night... she heard some strange noises. 
So yes, it was undoubtedly hickeys, 
"Strawberries?" Joanna froze again for a few seconds, took out her phone, and used the camera to look at them. 
When she saw the numerous hickeys on her neck, her pale face immediately blushed. 
She hadn’t noticed when she washed up this morning. 
She had no idea she had so many hickeys on her neck. 
That brute, Ashton Heath! 
Last night, she was so distracted by him that she forgot to mention these things, but even if she forgot, he should have known on his own. 
Knowing she had to film today, he still gave her so many hickeys on her neck. 
If it was winter, she could hide them with a scarf. 
But now it was summer. 
What was she supposed to do? 
Joanna noticed a prominent red mark on her neck, the more she watched, the angrier she got. 
"Baby, I’m all set, we can go out now." 
As she was fuming, she saw the perpetrator casually walk out of the room. 
He was dressed in all black from head to toe, exuding a strong sense of restraint. His straight, long legs wrapped in black trousers as he slowly walked towards her with an elegant stride. 
He kept his head down, fastening the buttons on his shirt cuffs. 
After a few, he reached his hand towards her after reaching her side, his voice low and sexy, "Baby, help me with this." 
Joanna thought about the hickeys, and stared at him displeased, motionless. 
"Hmm?" Ashton Heath quirked his eyebrow as if confused, "What’s wrong?" 
Joanna didn’t answer, just kept staring at him. 
Ashton Heath was even more bewildered, "Baby, what’s wrong? Who made you upset?"
###Chapter 757: Chapter 756: Baby, what does it have to do with me?
He turned his head, looking at Nina standing behind him. 
"It’s not me." Nina shook her head immediately. 
"Ashton Heath, it’s all your fault." Joanna Lawrence, annoyed, lightly kicked the man in front of her. 
"My fault?" 
Ashton Heath retracted his gaze, looking innocent: "Baby, what does that have to do with me?" 
He carefully recalled and realized he hadn’t done anything to make her angry this morning. 
So how could it be his fault? 
Joanna wished she could kick him again, glaring at him angrily, "Of course it’s your fault! How could you..." 
The words she almost blurted out were stopped by the sight of Nina still standing behind them. She bit her lip, and glared at him again, "Anyway, it’s your fault. You’re so annoying." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
The mind of a woman is as fathomless as the ocean floor. 
He genuinely couldn’t figure out what he had done wrong. 
Was it because of the kiss just now? 
But didn’t she respond to him? That means she likes it, right? 
"Ahem, Joanna, Mr. Ashton, I’m going to have breakfast first. Joanna, I’ll come to find you when we get to the film crew." Nina quickly glanced at Ashton Heath, her already blushing cheeks turned even redder, like they were about to drip blood. 
Mr. Ashton, he’s so handsome. 
And his legs are so long that they seem against the rules. 
At a glance, he exudes a strong sense of abstinence, as if he’s on the verge of breaking. 
No matter how you look at it, he seems to embody an extreme of aloofness. 
But last night... 
She could hear him driving Joanna to tears. 
And not just once. 
Each time lasted quite a while. 
Although she didn’t count, there must have been at least three times. 
She really couldn’t tell that a man who looks so abstinent would be like this in bed... so wild. 
Not abstinent at all. 
Instead, it’s clearly lustful. 
Could it be that men who appear abstinent on the surface and don’t get close to women are actually full of secrets deep down... 
Suddenly, an image of a tall and lean man appeared in Nina’s mind. 
That person always seemed indifferent and detached from desires, like someone who had already seen through the world and cut off all earthly connections, becoming a person devoid of feelings and desires. 
Suddenly, she wondered what this person would be like if he found a woman he liked. 
Would his abstinence and avoidance of women only apply to those he didn’t like? 
Deep down, would he also be like Mr. Ashton, actually very passionate and initiative? 
What would he be like when he was passionate? 
As she thought about it, Nina’s face grew hotter and hotter, and her heartbeat couldn’t help but speed up. 
* 
"Ashton Heath, look at what you’ve done." 
After Nina left, Joanna pointed to the love bites on her neck and complained, "You left so many on my neck... How can I go out like this?" 
Ashton Heath finally realized the love bites on her neck were the reason for her anger. 
He thought about it for a moment and then seriously suggested, "Why not just skip the film crew today? I’ll call Gary White and ask for leave for you." 
The serious suggestion made Joanna’s face look even worse, "How many days do you plan to ask for?" 
Ashton Heath, thought again and very seriously said, "One day might not be enough, so how about three? Just consider it a break for yourself. Come back with me today, and next time I’ll bring you here."
In fact, he did it on purpose. 
Of course, he knew he shouldn’t leave love bites on her neck.
###Chapter 758: Chapter 757: He Has His Own Ulterior Motives
But he still left them. 
And he left many of them. 
He had his own selfish reasons. 
These marks were the brand he had left on her. 
He had chosen the most visible spot to plant these exclusive marks. 
He wanted all the men who coveted her to see them. 
This woman was already taken and if they had any ideas, they should dismiss them. 
"Three days?" Joanna felt like she was going to explode. "I’ve only been with the film crew for a few days, and you’re making me take three days off. Ashton Heath, are you doing this on purpose?" 
She was seriously doubting that this man did it on purpose.
Knowing that she still had filming to do, he had left so many marks on her neck. 
And they were all in very conspicuous places. 
She couldn’t even cover them up with her hair. 
Thinking about it made her want to die of anger. 
"Baby, don’t be angry." 
Ashton, of course, would not admit that he did it on purpose. He reached out and hugged the girl with round eyes and puffy cheeks, who was staring at him angrily, and softened his voice to coax her. "I’m sorry, I couldn’t help myself last night. I’ll be more careful in the future." 
"If you don’t want to take a leave, what do you want to do?" 
Joanna didn’t really want to get angry with him. 
Who could she blame for this situation? 
He wasn’t careful. 
But last night, didn’t she forget to remind him too? 
Speaking of which, she didn’t completely resist his temptation and didn’t refuse him thoroughly, otherwise, he wouldn’t have succeeded. 
"Ashton Heath, how can you be so annoying?" 
Although it wasn’t entirely his fault, it was mostly his fault. 
Joanna still felt aggrieved and punched him twice in the chest. Her fist pounded on his solid muscles, "You’re so annoying." 
As she vented her anger, Ashton continued to coax her gently. "Okay, okay, I’m annoying. It’s my fault. I didn’t think things through. Baby, you can vent your anger however you like. You can hit me or scold me as much as you want, just don’t hurt your body." 
"Otherwise, I would feel heartbroken." 
The more gentle he was, the more Joanna felt like making a fuss. She knocked him a few more times on the chest, gritted her teeth, and said, "Why are your muscles so hard? Did you stuff them with rocks? My hand hurts now." 
"Did baby’s hand get hurt?" 
Ashton lifted the corner of his mouth and caught her little hand. He raised it to his lips and gently exhaled, "Let me blow on it for you." 
His warm breath was like a gentle breeze, blowing on Joanna’s hand. 
As the man blew on her hand, he gently massaged the reddish area on her hand. 
After blowing and rubbing for a while, he looked at her with adoring eyes, "Does it still hurt?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Who could resist such a tender attack? 
No matter how much anger she had in her heart, it disappeared like smoke. 
It had to be said that Ashton Heath really knew how to please women. 
Each time she surrendered to his gentle attack, whatever anger she had towards him quickly vanished. 
"Hmph, don’t think I’ll forgive you just because you’re being so attentive." She was still trying to act tough verbally. 
She didn’t want him to think that it was too easy to please her. 
"Baby, how can you call this being attentive?" Ashton let out a low, pleasant chuckle in his throat, lowered his head, and gently rubbed her head. "I’m doing this because I love you."
###Chapter 759: Chapter 758: What’s going on between you and your mom?
"Don’t be upset by this anymore." He thought for a while in silence and looked at the conspicuous red marks on her neck, earnestly suggesting this time, "Is there any makeup product that can cover these marks? If not, just go straight to the shooting scene and finish your filming first. Then let the post-production handle it for you." 
"It should be possible to cover up." 
Joanna thought about it and nodded helplessly, "I’ll give it a try." 
These traces would not disappear that quickly. 
Having thought it through, these were the only two options. 
She planned to use concealer to cover the marks, and if that didn’t work, she would have to rely on the post-production to deal with it. 
In fact, post-production could indeed erase these marks. 
She wasn’t angry because she worried about her filming being affected. 
She didn’t want to show up with these love bites on the film crew. 
She felt embarrassed by others seeing these love bites, and as a consequence, the whole crew would know what she was doing last night. 
Thinking about it made her feel shy and awkward! 
* 
After struggling for almost half an hour, Joanna finally left the house. 
She applied a thick layer of concealer on her neck and let her hair down. 
It almost covered all the love bites. 
As long as people didn’t stare closely at her neck, they basically wouldn’t notice them. 
After breakfast, Ashton took her to the film crew. 
At a red light intersection, he had just stopped the car when the phone rang at the same time. 
His phone was next to the car seat. When the screen lit up, Joanna glanced at it casually and saw that it was Madam Heath who called. 
Ashton saw that it was Madam Heath and immediately answered the phone, smiling and saying, "Grandma." 
Madam Heath’s voice, full of humor, came over: "Ashton, are you busy right now?" 
"Not busy." Ashton turned his head to look at Joanna, reached out to hold her hand, and gently pinched her palm, "I’m with Joanna, taking her to the shooting scene." 
On the other end, Madam Heath was silent for a few seconds before she opened her mouth to speak again, laughing, "Oh, really? Are you still in Frankfurt? When do you plan to return? Is it okay to leave your company like that?" 
"It’s just a day or two. There wouldn’t be any problem. I’ve made all necessary arrangements. Grandma, don’t worry, I know what I’m doing. I’ll go back once I have settled everything here." 
"Hmm, as long as you know what you’re doing. You’ve been a sensible child since you were young, so I don’t have to worry about you. I trust you." 
Ashton knew that Madam Heath’s call was not just to ask about these matters. 
Yesterday, he and Lady Octavia had an unpleasant quarrel. 
Today Madam Heath called. 
Perhaps, Madam Heath’s call was meant for Lady Octavia. 
After thinking about it, he proactively asked, "Grandma, are you calling me just to ask these things, or is there something else? " 
Madam Heath, being straightforward, didn’t beat around the bush: "What’s going on between you and your Mom? How did you block her phone? She came and told me about it, crying." 
"How has it become so serious?" 
Ashton pursed his lips, remained silent for a moment, and then said in a bland tone, "It’s not really that serious. You know how her personality is, spoiled by Dad. She has already come to see you? What did she say to Grandma?" 
"Yes, your Mom came to see me." Madam Heath sighed, "She cried to me pitifully. She said that now you’ve grown up, she can’t control you anymore and you don’t take her seriously."
###Chapter 760: Chapter 759: What do you really think about Joanna’s work?
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but sneer, "Listening to everything she says without any personal opinions, isn’t that taking her too seriously? If she wants a puppet as her son, then I’m indeed not the son she wants." 
"Ashton, your Mom said... You two argued because of Joanna’s work problems? She hopes Joanna can quit the entertainment industry and stay at home, taking care of the family and being a good wife and mother. But you don’t agree with her." 
Madam Heath paused for a few seconds before asking again, "What are your thoughts on Joanna’s work?" 
Ashton Heath furrowed his brows and kept silent. 
Perhaps Madam Heath’s main purpose for making this phone call was to discuss this matter. 
When he brought Joanna back to the family, he didn’t specifically mention her job to Madam Heath. 
But he believed Madam Heath would definitely investigate it thoroughly. 
Since Madam Heath hadn’t asked about it yet, it meant she didn’t mind. 
Or perhaps, even if she minded it internally, she was willing to respect Joanna and not interfere with her work. 
But now she suddenly asked about it... 
Perhaps Madam Heath’s thoughts had changed. 
And the reason for this sudden change was likely related to the two recent scandals involving Joanna. 
Madam Heath had always been a very traditional woman. 
She could accept her granddaughter-in-law being involved in film shooting, but she absolutely couldn’t accept her being frequently involved in scandals with other men. 
For a powerful family like the Heath family, reputation and face were more important than anything else. 
If it affected the family’s reputation, Madam Heath wouldn’t just sit idly by. 
Thinking of this, Ashton’s frown deepened. 
Madam Heath was an elder he highly respected. 
He could be strong-willed with Lady Octavia, but when it came to Madam Heath... 
While pondering, he heard Madam Heath’s voice again, "What’s really going on between her and that male actor? Ashton, I’m not an elder who likes to interfere in the younger generation’s affairs. You are no longer children and have your own opinions. You know what you should and shouldn’t do. So, as long as you don’t do anything outrageous and it doesn’t affect the Heath family’s reputation, I wouldn’t bother to meddle." 
"You and your brother Gary have indeed brought honor to the Heath family. I don’t need to worry about you two. I didn’t want to interfere in Joanna’s work either. She loves shooting films, so let her do it. Even though the entertainment industry is a sprawling melting pot, with the Heath family shielding her, no one dares to do anything to her. I’m not worried about whether the circle is chaotic or not. However, what on earth is going on with her frequent scandals with other men?" 
"I believe she hasn’t done anything outrageous, but too many scandals aren’t good either, right?" 
There was no blame in Madam Heath’s words, but rather a calm tone explaining her point of view. 
She truly didn’t mean to blame Joanna. 
Ashton also understood that, so he listened patiently before saying calmly, "Grandma, when I go back, I’ll explain everything to you." 
"I’m not a fool; I have my own judgment for everything." 
"Alright," Madam Heath was reasonable and didn’t continue to ask further, "Let’s wait for your return to discuss. Is your mom still on your blacklist? If you don’t unblock her, she’ll come to cry to me again."
###Chapter 761: Chapter 760: Don’t you feel upset now?
"Alright, I’ll let her out in a bit." 
"She is still your mother after all, and you two are mother and son, the closest people in the world. No matter what she did, her original intention was for your benefit. Maybe the way she went about it was wrong, but it wasn’t ill-intentioned." 
"Grandma, I know." 
"Anyway, let’s talk about everything after you come back." 
After hanging up the phone, Ashton Heath looked down at the screen for a moment, then locked it and put it back in its place. 
By his side. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at his frowning face and hesitated before asking softly, "Did Grandma call you because of my scandal?" 
She didn’t hear exactly what Ashton had talked about with Madam Heath. 
But she could guess a little bit. 
It must be about her. 
And she just recently stirred up a scandal. 
So, Madam Heath must have called mainly because she saw her scandal and wanted to inquire about it. 
"Grandma believes in you." Ashton, afraid she might start to worry, immediately said, "She just wants to know what’s really going on. When I go back, I’ll explain it all to her slowly." 
Joanna knew very well how much Madam Heath cared for her. 
She also knew that Madam Heath wouldn’t blindly believe her scandal. 
But having made this call, even if Madam Heath believed her, she couldn’t help but have some thoughts in her heart. 
Joanna’s heart sank a little, and she felt a bit sad. 
If Lady Octavia and her ilk had some thoughts about her, or if they were dissatisfied with her, she wouldn’t be too hurt. 
After all, she knew from the beginning that Lady Octavia didn’t like her. 
But as for Madam Heath... 
Madam Heath was so kind to her before, loving her as much as her own granddaughter. If one day Madam Heath didn’t like her anymore, she’d definitely be upset. 
"Don’t think too much." Noticing her mood becoming low, Ashton reached out and ruffled her hair, "You know how much grandma likes you. She won’t have any opinions about you because of such a small matter." 
"She wouldn’t doubt you because of some rumors online. Grandma is very smart, and she’ll have her own judgment." 
"Is that so?" 
Joanna looked at him uncertainly, "Grandma really doesn’t have any opinions about me?" 
"Really nothing." Ashton smoothed her hair and tucked a strand behind her ear, "You think grandma would easily like someone? She’s also very discerning. Since she likes you, it means you’re someone great in her eyes." 
"She wouldn’t doubt her own judgment so easily." 
Thanks to his comforting words, Joanna’s mood lightened up gradually. 
She no longer felt that sad. 
A trace of a smile appeared on her face, "Alright, your words make sense. I believe you." 
Ashton couldn’t help but chuckle, gently scraping her nose with his slender fingers, "Feeling better now?" 
"Mhmm, a little better." 
"Don’t overthink it." he went silent for a moment, then said, "After I take you to the film crew later, I’ll have to leave. I’ve arranged two bodyguards for you. When I’m not here, having them protect you makes me feel at ease." 
"These two people have been with me for many years, and they are very skilled. They’ll absolutely guarantee your safety." 
Although the fans who had stalked her yesterday had been taken away by the police. 
But who could guarantee that there would not be other fans waiting for her in the future.
###Chapter 762: Chapter 761: Don’t move, let me hug you once more
Arranging someone by her side made him feel at ease. 
Joanna Lawrence was aware of his concerns as well. 
So, she didn’t refuse his arrangements. 
Moreover, she didn’t want him to worry either. 
She nodded, "Alright, but since you’re assigning your bodyguards to me, what about you...?" 
"Of course, I don’t just have those two bodyguards." 
Knowing she was worried about him, Ashton Heath felt his heart warm, and a softness filled his deep eyes, "You don’t need to worry about me. Even for your sake, I’ll protect myself." 
Looking into his eyes, Joanna couldn’t help but be captivated by the tender emotion they held. 
* 
Arriving at the film crew. 
Joanna was kissed by Ashton Heath in the car for a while before being let out. 
She had just gotten out of the car and hadn’t walked far when she heard footsteps approaching from behind, and as soon as she turned around, she was pulled into the arms of the person behind her. 
Noticing the familiar scent, she looked up in confusion, "Ashton Heath, how come..." 
"Mmm..." 
Before she could finish, the man gripped her jaw and kissed her aggressively and domineeringly. 
Her lips were still swollen. 
She had just been kissed so fiercely her tongue had gone numb while being held in the car. 
As the man kissed her intensely once again, she couldn’t help but clutch his shirt collar and stiffen her jaw, a soft moan escaping from between their lips. 
Ashton Heath kissed her deeply and forcefully. 
He pushed past her lips and teeth, entwining her soft tongue with his in a tumultuous embrace. 
This kiss was even more intense than the one in the car. 
Joanna struggled to withstand his advances, putting her hands on his chest, trying to push him away. 
This was the entrance and exit for the film crew. 
There could be people walking by at any time. 
She didn’t want to be seen kissing a man here. 
But the more she tried to push him away, the tighter his arm wrapped around her waist. 
"Mmm, Ashton Heath..." 
Joanna began to struggle. 
What was wrong with this man? 
Why, all of a sudden...? 
She could feel that something was off with Ashton Heath at this moment. 
This kiss was too strange. 
But the more she tried to break free of his embrace, the tighter he held her. 
He even bit her lip with a hint of a punishment. 
Joanna flinched in pain and furrowed her brows, her heart racing with panic. 
A sudden screeching noise came from behind them as a car braked hard. 
The sound of the wheels grinding against the ground was sharp and fierce. 
Someone was coming? 
Joanna felt even more panicked, opening her eyes and forcefully pushing the seemingly out-of-control man in front of her. 
She was getting a little angry, and in her urgency, she bit him hard on the lip. 
Ashton Heath let out a muffled groan in pain, and his arm around her waist finally loosened a little. 
Joanna immediately pushed him away. 
She covered her burning lips with her hand, glaring angrily at the man with equally swollen lips, exasperated, "Ashton Heath, what are you doing? What’s wrong with you?" 
The man didn’t say a word. 
Instead, he walked over, pulling her into his arms again. 
As Joanna began to struggle, he bit her ear and whispered domineeringly, "Don’t move, let me hold you for a little longer." 
"Ashton Heath, you..." 
Just as Joanna was about to ask what was wrong with him, she looked past him and saw Maddox Allenson standing not too far away. She froze, swallowing her words. 
So she thought, that’s why he was acting so strangely. 
It must be because... 
He must have seen Maddox Allenson early on.
###Chapter 763: Chapter 762: Today, They Are So Scared That They Didn’t Dare to Come to the Film Crew
Not arranging someone for her, he couldn’t be at ease. 
He worried about the things that Joanna Lawrence thought of as well. 
Therefore, she didn’t refuse his arrangement. 
Moreover, she didn’t want to worry him either. 
She nodded and said, "Okay. But since you’re giving me your bodyguard, what about yours..." 
"Of course, I won’t have only those two bodyguards." 
Knowing that she was worried about him, Ashton Heath’s heart warmed up, and his deep eyes overflowed with tenderness: "Don’t worry about me. Even for your sake, I will protect myself." 
Looking into his eyes, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but become immersed in the tender water color at the bottom of his eyes. 
* 
Arriving at the film crew. 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence got out of the car, she hadn’t walked a few steps when she heard footsteps approaching from behind. She turned her head and was pulled into the arms of the person behind her. 
Smelling the familiar scent, she looked up in confusion: "Ashton Heath, why..." 
Joanna Lawrence’s first reaction was to push him away. 
This place was the entrance and exit of the film crew. 
People could pass by at any time. 
But the more she wanted to push him away, the tighter the man’s arm encircled her waist. 
"Um, Ashton Heath..." 
Joanna Lawrence struggled. 
What’s wrong with this man? 
Why would he suddenly... 
She could feel that Ashton Heath was a bit off at the moment. 
But the more she wanted to break free from his arms, the more securely he imprisoned her. 
He even pinched her waist with a bit of a punishing nature. 
Joanna Lawrence frowned in pain and couldn’t help but feel panicked. 
With a "screech" sound, the sound of an emergency brake came from behind. 
The wheels rubbed against the ground, making a sharp noise. 
Someone’s coming? 
Joanna Lawrence became even more panicked, opened her eyes, and forcefully pushed the seemingly out-of-control man. 
She was getting a bit angry now, and in her haste, she grabbed his other hand, bent down, and bit the back of his hand. 
Ashton Heath let out a muffled groan in pain and finally loosened the grip on her waist a little. 
Joanna Lawrence immediately pushed him away. 
She glared at him, both angry and annoyed: "Ashton Heath, what are you doing? What’s wrong with you?" 
The man didn’t speak. 
He just walked up to her and stretched out his hand to hug her into his arms again. 
Joanna Lawrence had just struggled when her jaw was grabbed by him, and the man whispered domineeringly in her ear: "Don’t move." 
"Ashton Heath, you..." 
Joanna Lawrence was just about to ask him what was wrong when her gaze crossed over him and saw Maddox Allenson standing not far behind. She hesitated for a moment and swallowed back the words she was about to say. 
She thought, why did he suddenly become so strange? 
It turned out to be because... 
He must have seen Maddox Allenson earlier on, right? 
So, with his jealousy ignited, he made those unusual moves just now. 
Was he doing it on purpose for Maddox Allenson to see? 
Joanna Lawrence found his way of declaring sovereignty hilarious. 
Ashton Heath, such a childish man. 
Could he be even more childish? 
After knowing why he had those abnormal moves, Joanna Lawrence quieted down and leaned obediently against his chest. 
Realizing that Maddox Allenson had intentions for her, she felt that this was a good opportunity. 
Although this method was childish. 
But... if Maddox Allenson really had any thoughts about her, seeing this scene, he should have dispelled his intentions, right? 
As Joanna Lawrence saw Maddox Allenson behind her, his gaze also fell on her. 
Their eyes collided in mid-air, and after a few seconds of staring, Maddox Allenson’s usually gentle and friendly handsome face darkened, his lips tightened, and a layer of coldness shrouded his eyes. 
He pursed his lips and stood motionless on the spot, his brown eyes seemed to be filled with something tumultuous, but after a while, those emotions in his eyes gradually calmed down. 
Then he turned around and went back into the car. 
One minute later. 
The black Bentley with all its windows up slowly drove past Joanna Lawrence, gradually moving away until it disappeared around the corner. 
Ashton Heath slowly loosened his grip. 
He raised his head and looked in the direction where the black Bentley had just driven past. His deep black eyes squinted for a few seconds before slowly returning his gaze. 
With his deep, dark eyes half-lowered, he looked at the girl whose lips he had kissed swollen in front of him. His slender, fair fingers slowly stroked her tender, red lips, revealing an intense desire for possession in his eyes. 
This woman was his. 
In this life, she belonged only to him. 
Others shouldn’t think about having half a thought about her. 
"Baby, I have to go. Remember my words, stay away from that man with the surname Maddox." 
* 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence entered the film crew, she saw Nina excitedly running towards her. 
When she got to her side, Nina grabbed her hand and said excitedly, "Joanna, have you heard yet?" 
Joanna Lawrence was confused and blinked, asking, "Heard what?" 
"It’s about Lisha Alcock." 
"Lisha Alcock?" Joanna Lawrence paused again, "What happened?" 
"You don’t know yet?" Nina looked at her in surprise. After a few seconds of silence, her expression became even more excited as she whispered, "It’s about Lisha Alcock being exposed with scandals. They say that before she debuted, she worked as a hostess at a high-end club." 
"And there are pictures and witnesses. They even posted a lot of photos of her working at that club." 
"Not only that, but they also exposed how she relied on unspoken rules to rise to the top, sleeping with producers and investors. And again, with pictures and witnesses, naming those investors and producers clearly." 
"Do you know that most of the producers and investors she slept with are married? And there are even a few investors who still maintain that kind of relationship with her. I heard that when the news broke, those investors’ wives went to find her, saying they’d teach her a lesson." 
"Lisha Alcock was so scared that she didn’t even dare to come to the film crew today." 
"Now it’s a big mess on the Blog. Lisha Alcock ’s brokerage company engaged in public relations as soon as possible."
###Chapter 764: Chapter 763: I think that person is so awesome!
They claimed it was slander, intending to sue the account that made the reveal. However, the account stood its ground, and right after Lisha’s agency sent the lawyer’s letter, some more scandals about her emerged." 
"It seems they are not going to quit until Lisha is completely ruined." 
"Also, the moment Lisha’s side spent money to get her name off the trending list, she shot back up in popularity. Even the online trolls they hired in the comment section were completely overrun by another wave of trolls. It seems like even her agency is out of options now, just watching as her scandals are making the headlines." 
"Joanna, who do you think is the one exposing her scandals? I think they are amazing." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna Lawrence was stunned momentarily before realizing what had happened. 
Lisha... her scandals are exposed? 
As for the scandals, anyone determined enough could dig something out.
Which celebrity doesn’t have a so-called scandal? 
But at Lisha’s level, the most average reporters could uncover were minor scandals. 
The most explosive scoops on her were nearly impossible to find. 
Moreover, the scandals from many years ago didn’t have enough evidence anymore. 
Even if someone revealed them, they’d be dismissed as rumours. 
However, according to what Nina said, the account not only managed to find many of Lisha’s real scandals, but they also presented binding evidence, a feat deserving admiration. 
This situation has now involved many investors and producers. 
Ordinary people, even if they had the information, wouldn’t dare to leak it. 
If discovered later, they would be skinned alive, if not killed. 
The person who leaked the information probably knows these consequences. 
But they still released Lisha’s scandals suggesting they’re not afraid at all. 
This usually indicates two possibilities. 
The first is that the whistleblower has a deep grudge against Lisha and aims for mutual destruction. 
The second scenario is that the whistleblower is very powerful and doesn’t fear investors and producers. 
Joanna Lawrence thought carefully and felt the latter was more likely. 
Moreover, she almost realized who was the mastermind behind the revelatory account. 
"What are we going to do today?" Joanna Lawrence unlocked her phone, opened Twitter, located Ashton Heath’s avatar, opened the conversation window, and sent him a message. 
Fluffy Cutie: Did you order someone to dig out and expose Lisha’s scandals? 
After sending the message, Ashton Heath didn’t reply right away. 
She wasn’t in a hurry. After sending it, she exited Twitter, logged into her Blog to watch the entertainment news. 
As Nina said, the moment she opened her Blog, she could see people discussing Lisha’s scandals everywhere. 
Entertainment Official Blogs were forwarded everywhere, not to mention others. 
The moment she clicked on the trending post, everyone seemed to be discussing it. 
This was far more exciting than the romance rumors between her and Maddox Allenson. 
After all, those rumors between her and Maddox Allenson were just illusions. 
In essence, it was just a very normal video. 
Only Maddox Allenson’s female fans were overbearing, not allowing him to have any physical contact with other actresses, so they exploded, which stimulated the popularity of that affair. 
However, baseless rumors were just transitory popularity. 
It was only because she was rumored with Maddox Allenson that brought attention to the scandal.
###Chapter 765: Chapter 764: Today It’s Lisha Alcock’s Turn
"Lisha Alcock was different. 
She was the most popular A-list actress in the entertainment industry at the moment, and had always maintained a positive public image, presenting herself as a female artist overflowing with positive energy. 
Yet, such a female artist was exposed for being involved in multiple affairs with married men. 
Her carefully built public image collapsed in an instant. 
A few of Lisha’s die-hard fans were still struggling, insisting that the pictures and videos in the revelation were Photoshopped, and weren’t real. 
They claimed their faith in Lisha’s character. 
Some fans argued that the woman in the footage was not Lisha, but someone who merely looked like her. 
In any case, it was obvious to any bystander at first glance that it was indeed Lisha. 
Only her fans remained in denial and were unwilling to admit the truth. 
Lisha’s blog remained silent on the matter. 
Only her studio issued a lawyer’s letter. 
Popcorn eaters and fans flocked to the studio’s page to leave comments. Seeing the mounting number of comments and shares, the studio simply shut down the comment section. 
On the other hand. 
The account that exposed Lisha’s scandal openly challenged Lisha’s studio, daring them to sue. The account holder even claimed to have more dirt on Lisha. 
Netizens ran to leave comments on that account, asking if there were any more juicy tidbits to be unveiled today. 
The whistle-blowing account was named "Mystery person". 
He replied to netizens: "Don’t binge on the gossips, it may cause digestive problems! Wait patiently for each scoop." 
A netizen asked: "Do you have a personal vendetta against Lisha?" 
He replied to the comment: "I don’t have anything against her, but my lady boss does." 
His reply immediately sparked lively discussions among the netizens. 
Everyone was trying to guess the identity of the lady boss he mentioned. 
Any woman who had anything remotely to do with Lisha was analyzed by netizens for a hint. 
Joanna Lawrence just watched silently as the netizens let their imaginations run wild. After a while, she felt a gaze on her and looked up to see Nina staring intently in her direction. 
Joanna: "..." 
Feeling uncomfortable under Nina’s intense gaze, she casually touched her cheek: "What’s up? What are you looking at?" 
"Joanna, do you think it’s your boyfriend who’s behind all this?" 
Joanna was taken aback, revealing a hint of surprise in her eyes. 
Just as she was about to ask why Nina would think that, Nina leaned in with a conspiratorial whisper, "Your boyfriend must have seen the scandals about you yesterday, looked into it, and found out it was Lisha’s doing. Then, in true overbearing CEO fashion, he retaliated by digging up and exposing all of Lisha’s secrets for you. Wow, what an impressive, manly move, a hundred points for our overbearing boss!" 
Joanna: "..." 
It seemed that she had overestimated Nina. 
She thought that Nina had guessed something. 
It turned out that Nina was just overthinking because of reading too many overbearing CEO novels. 
Nina had just let her imagination run wild. 
"Joanna, have you ever thought that your boyfriend might have another identity? The more I think about it, the more I believe he’s not as simple as he seems. He can’t just be the boss of a small company. Otherwise, how could this be such a coincidence? You were exposed yesterday, and it’s Lisha’s turn today." 
"There have been attempts to uncover Lisha’s scandals before, but those scandals aren’t even comparable to the ones we’ve seen today.
###Chapter 766: Chapter 765: Honey, are you happy?
These scandals today are ruthless, they can directly put her in a desperate situation. And the person who leaked the information seems to have a strong background, not afraid at all."
"I think, your boyfriend’s real identity must be truly amazing." 
"I’ve heard that Lisha Alcock’s sugar daddy is quite powerful, he’s the young master of the Luther family, ranked third among the four great families of Closia. I just don’t know how exactly the young master of the Luther family treats her and if he’ll help her out. If young master of the Luther family is willing to step in, then he can probably settle the matter." 
"Ahem, ahem ahem..." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna Lawrence coughed violently. 
Lisha Alcock’s sugar daddy is Yannick Luther? 
Is this true? 
"Joanna, are you alright? You okay?" Seeing her cough so badly, Nina gently patted her on the back. 
"I’m fine." Joanna Lawrence took a breath, waved her hand at her, and with her tearful eyes from coughing, looked at her, "Did you just say her sugar daddy is the young master of the Luther family? Is his name Yannick Luther?" 
"Yes." 
Nina nodded: "It’s the young master of the Luther family. The Luther family is extremely powerful, and if he wanted to help Lisha Alcock, he could definitely settle this matter. However, I’ve heard that the young master of the Luther family is quite fickle, and Lisha Alcock isn’t his only lover. So, whether or not he’ll step in can’t be said for sure. Unless, Lisha Alcock is specially favored by him." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
If the one who leaked the information was done by Ashton Heath’s instructions, 
then Yannick Luther will definitely not interfere. 
As soon as she thought of this, her phone vibrated. She lowered her head to see that Ashton Heath had replied to her on Twitter. 
He replied: "Hmm, wife, are you happy?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
It really was him. 
She was... quite happy, actually. 
When Lisha Alcock made people hype up her affair with Maddox Allenson, she wanted to put Joanna in a desperate situation too. 
If she was a newcomer with no backing and had such a scandal with Maddox Allenson, what would her outcome be if Maddox Allenson did not speak up for her? 
She would have been forced to withdraw from the circle by Maddox Allenson’s fans. 
Now that someone is taking revenge for her, how could she not be happy? 
After reading Ashton Heath’s reply, the corners of her lips lifted, picked up the phone and sent him a message: "Hmm, happy." 
Ashton Heath responded right away: "Then call me ’husband’." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Ashton Heath: "Wife, I want to hear it." 
There’s no need to be shy about communicating through a screen, as they had already faced each other before while speaking. 
He has been showing such good behavior, Joanna Lawrence didn’t mind giving him a little reward. 
She typed the two characters as he wished and sent them to him: "Husband." 
Ashton Heath replied quickly: "Baby, I want it in a voice message. Can you send me a voice message? I want to hear Baby call me husband." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
This man, pushing his luck. 
She looked at Nina standing nearby, her lips pursed, her cheeks slightly hot, and sent back another message: "I’m on set, there are people around." 
Ashton Heath: "Then let’s video call when you get back, you can call me ’husband’ in the video, okay? Baby, when I’m not there with you, you must take good care of yourself. Remember, no matter what happens, your husband will always be your backbone. If anyone dares to bully you, I will give it back to them tenfold, a hundredfold." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at the message he sent back, and felt a warmth in her heart. 
That’s right, she’s not alone anymore. 
She has a family, a husband, someone she can rely on.
###Chapter 767: Chapter 766: I’m Really Sorry About What Happened Last Night
She no longer had to bear everything on her own like she used to. 
She had to be strong in the past because she could only rely on herself. 
But now, things are different. 
She has someone to rely on, so she can occasionally be vulnerable and no longer needs to pretend to be strong at all times. 
Playing the same role for a long time can be tiring. 
She lowered her head and looked at the message he had sent. She hooked her lip and gently typed a word: Okay. 
As soon as she finished replying, she saw Gary White’s assistant walking towards her. Seeing her, the assistant greeted her politely, "Ms. Joanna, good morning." 
The assistant’s last name is Kelsey, and his name is Maxwell Kelsey. 
Although Maxwell Kelsey is Gary White’s assistant, everyone in the film crew treats him with respect, even Lisha Alcock and others would put down their airs when they see him. 
Joanna greeted him politely as well, "Mr. Kelsey, good morning." 
Maxwell Kelsey nodded and said, "Ms. Joanna, Director White has something to discuss with you." 
* 
This morning, Joanna could feel that everyone in the film crew had a slightly different attitude towards her. 
As if they were treating her with more respect. 
Although there was no one who had put on airs in front of her before, they had not been particularly polite to her either. 
In short, it was an attitude of indifference. 
As she followed Maxwell Kelsey to find Gary White, she encountered several crew members and actors along the way. Seeing her, they all took the initiative to greet her, with much more enthusiasm than before. 
Moreover, they were all very polite. 
In this politeness, there seemed to be a hint of apprehension. 
Joanna felt a little puzzled but didn’t think too much about it. When she found Gary White with Maxwell Kelsey, Gary was fiddling with his camera, pointing to a stool beside him without lifting his head, "Sit first, I will adjust the lens." 
"Oh." 
Joanna obediently sat down. 
Gary White continued adjusting his camera lens. 
Joanna waited for almost ten minutes before he stopped and slowly stood up. Then, he turned around and looked down at her. 
"Director White..." Joanna wanted to stand up when she saw him standing. 
There’s no reason for a director to stand while she sits. 
"You keep sitting, don’t be polite, and don’t feel constrained. Also, I’ve said that in private, when no one is around, you can call me Mr. White." Gary White went to the side, took another stool, and sat down across from her. 
Joanna looked at him uneasily. 
She felt that she should apologize to Gary White. 
Last night, Ashton Heath had gone too far. 
She didn’t know if Gary White was looking for her because of what happened last night. 
Anyway, no matter what, she had to apologize and show her sincerity. 
"Mr. White, I’m really sorry about last night." Seeing that there were no other people around, Joanna changed her tone, her eyes full of remorse, "My boyfriend... he misunderstood something, so he called you and said some really unpleasant things." 
"I apologize on his behalf for the trouble and impacts he has caused you. I know that just saying sorry can’t make you less upset. If you are still angry, I can..." 
"I’m not angry." 
Gary White raised his hand to signal her not to continue. He hooked his lips, his eyes filled with a shallow smile, not looking angry at all.
###Chapter 768: Chapter 767: Joanna, do you want to play Female Lead 1?
"I know very well what kind of bastard he is. I’ll just take what he said last night as farting. Besides, it’s fun to see him angry and losing his cool. After all, think about how boring it was when he never changed his expression throughout the whole year." 
"Now he actually looks a bit human."
"I never thought he’d have a day like this, huh..." 
Joanna was startled and suddenly remembered some of the things Ashton had said to her last night. 
At the time, she was still angry and didn’t really take it to heart. 
Later, he coaxed her into doing it a few more times, and she was so tired that she fell asleep on the bed. 
As a result, she had forgotten all about their conversation. 
Now that Gary White mentioned it, everything came back to her. 
"Mr. White, have you known my boyfriend for a long time? Actually, you guys were friends to begin with, right?" 
"Hmm, I guess so." Gary White thought for a moment with half-closed eyes, then said, "We’ve known each other for five or six years." 
"..." 
Joanna frowned slightly: "So you guys must have a pretty good relationship?" 
"It’s not bad." Gary White turned his head to look at her and raised an eyebrow with a smile, "Did he tell you everything?" 
"Yeah." 
Joanna nodded: "He talked about it last night. But at first, he said you guys didn’t know each other..." 
"Well, he didn’t want you to think that the only reason you got this role is because of his connections." 
"So me getting this role..." 
"It has something to do with him, but the final result doesn’t really have anything to do with him." Gary White thought for a moment and then briefly explained, "Before you came to audition, he had already spoken to me. I owed him a favor, and I was thinking of giving you a role as long as you weren’t too bad." 
"But the moment I saw you, I knew I was taking advantage of him." 
Joanna: "..." 
Looking at her, Gary White said directly: "You are exactly the Female Lead 3 I wanted. So even if he hadn’t warned me in advance, this role would still be yours." 
Well then. 
Hearing him say this, Joanna felt a little more comfortable in her heart. 
If she had gotten this role solely because of Ashton, she might have doubted herself. 
"So, the person who told you to take care of me was actually him, not Yannick Luther?" 
"Of course it was him. I’m not very familiar with the young master of the Luther family." 
"Then, Mr. White, do you need me for something?" 
After learning about the relationship between Gary White and Ashton, Joanna wasn’t so worried anymore. 
Since they had known each other for several years, they should have a good understanding of each other. 
So, Gary White wouldn’t mind what had happened last night. 
"Yes, there is one thing." Gary White took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, pulled out one, and lit it with a lighter. After taking a puff, he asked her, "Do you mind if I take a couple of puffs?" 
Joanna shook her head. 
"Joanna, do you want to play the Female Lead 1?" Gary White took another puff and turned his head, half-closing his eyes as he exhaled the smoke. 
He asked casually. 
Joanna was startled, "Female Lead 1?" 
"Hmm." The cigarette between his fingers burned a bit, and he lightly flicked it away, looking up at her, "If you had the chance to play Female Lead 1, would you want to? Tell me what you’re thinking." 
"I..." 
His sudden question caught Joanna off guard. 
She felt that Gary White wouldn’t ask such a question for no reason. 
Especially since Lisha Alcock had already been chosen for Female Lead 1.
###Chapter 769: Chapter 768: Once Making a Move, There Will Be No Way Out for Her
But now she suddenly asked... 
Although Gary White asked casually, Joanna Lawrence carefully thought about it for a while and then answered, "I think the role of Female Lead 1 may not suit me very well. I’m more suitable for Female Lead 3." 
Female Lead 1, everyone wants to play. 
Joanna was no different. 
However, since she had read the original work, she knew very well that the role of Female Lead 1 was not suitable for her. 
Her appearance didn’t quite match the character image of Female Lead 1. 
The original work described Female Lead 1 as a beautiful and charming woman. 
Lisha Alcock’s appearance was a good match. 
While her appearance had no semblance of beauty and charm. 
These were the lesser reasons. 
The main reason was that she felt her acting skills still needed improvement. It might not be a problem to work hard to play Female Lead 3 well, but for Female Lead 1... 
She didn’t have much confidence. 
Originally, the character of Female Lead 1 in the original work was also a particularly challenging role for an actor. 
As a newcomer who had never seriously acted in a play, mastering Female Lead 1 was a significant challenge. 
Joanna understood herself well enough. 
So, even though she knew she might be missing out on a great opportunity when she answered this question, she still followed her heart. 
Unsuitable was unsuitable. 
Gary White raised an eyebrow, showing a hint of surprise on his face. 
It seemed like he didn’t expect her to answer this way. 
Did she know that answering this way meant she was missing out on something? 
"Are you really thinking like this?" 
"Yes," Joanna nodded, "Female Lead 1 is what everyone wants, but it’s not suitable for everyone. I think my acting skills still need improvement, and it’s better to gain more experience." 
"What if I say, let you play Female Lead 1?" Gary White had never met an actor like Joanna before. 
If it were any other actor, they would undoubtedly have fought for it. 
Few people can resist such temptation. 
"Mr. White, did Ashton Heath say something to you?" 
Lisha Alcock is currently entangled in scandals, and once Ashton Heath makes a move, he probably won’t let her back up again. 
Mr. White probably knew about this. 
So Female Lead 1 definitely needed a replacement. 
Gary White suddenly mentioned this to Joanna, and she figured Ashton probably said something to him. 
For example, to give the role of Female Lead 1 to her. 
Who knew, Gary White shook his head and said: "He didn’t say anything to me. I just wanted to ask you myself. You know about Lisha Alcock’s situation, and Ashton Heath is the kind of person who doesn’t act unless he can ruin someone." 
"He ruined my Female Lead 1, so I have to find another one." 
"Joanna, do you really not want to take on Female Lead 1?" 
Joanna hesitated for a moment and then blinked, "Mr. White, can I tell you the truth?" 
Gary White nodded, "Yes, tell me." 
"Um, actually, I really want to play Female Lead 1." After she finished speaking, she somewhat embarrassedly touched her nose and had a flushed face, "But, I’m worried that I won’t be able to play it well. And I think my appearance doesn’t quite match Female Lead 1." 
So, she didn’t really want to refuse! 
When she refused, she was actually very heartbroken. 
"So, you do want the role of Female Lead 1?" Gary White asked very directly. 
Joanna hesitated for a little while and then nodded. 
In front of Gary White, she didn’t want to lie.
###Chapter 770: Chapter 769: I Can Teach You
And she had an inexplicable confidence, thinking that even if she told the truth, Gary White wouldn’t think any less of her because of it. 
She felt quite relaxed around him. 
Perhaps it was because of their time together in the car yesterday that her impression of Gary White changed significantly. 
Before that, she would feel a bit restrained and somewhat in awe in his presence. 
She wasn’t able to let loose completely. 
Now, she felt as if Gary White was like an older brother next door. 
That’s why she could speak her mind in front of him. 
"Everyone wants to be Female Lead 1, right?" Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment, biting her lip and honestly said, "As newcomers like us, who doesn’t have a dream of becoming the female lead? But, I also know my own worth." 
So even though she really wanted it, she still resisted the temptation and refused. 
Gary White extinguished the half-smoked cigarette, looked up at her, and suddenly chuckled, "If I say that I think you’re suitable for Female Lead 1 and I want to give you the role, would you dare to accept it?" 
"Huh?" Joanna was completely stunned. 
"Joanna, whether you’re suitable or not, it’s up to me." Gary White teased with a charming smile, "My judgement has never been wrong. I believe my choice this time won’t be wrong either. Do you want to take up the challenge?" 
"Mr. White, you..." 
"Female Lead 1, it’s for you to play. All you need to do is answer me, will you accept or not?" 
"I, I..." Joanna was dumbfounded by this sudden surprise, of course she wanted to accept. 
She had always dreamt of playing Female Lead 1. 
"But, Mr. White, do you really think I’m suitable?" 
Her refusal was because she felt she wasn’t suitable, and she was also worried that she wouldn’t be able to perform well. 
She didn’t have enough confidence, so she had to painfully refuse. 
But if the director thinks she’s suitable, what reason does she have to refuse? 
"Of course." Gary White smirked, "I’ve been watching your performance over the past two days, and there’s no problem with your acting skills. Although you are a bit inexperienced in some professional performances, I can teach you." 
"As long as you’re willing to learn, there’s no student I can’t teach well." 
"As for the issue of your appearance not matching the role, I believe makeup artists can handle it." 
"Now, all the concerns you had have been resolved, do you have any questions?" 
Joanna stared at him blankly and shook her head: "...No more." 
"So, what’s your decision?" 
"I’ll do it!" As if fearing that a second’s delay might change his mind, Joanna nodded her head vigorously like a pecking chick, excitedly said, "I’ll do it! Mr. White, I’ll do my best to perform well and not let you down." 
"Mhmm." 
She looked at him with shining eyes, her soft, dark pupils gleaming. Her eyes curved into crescents when she smiled, and she resembled a sweet, radiant candy. 
Gary White watched the smile on her face, lost in thought for a moment before reaching out to pat her head: "Mhmm, I believe you definitely won’t let me down. Alright, many roles haven’t been finalized today, so we can’t start shooting. You can go back first." 
"Go study the script carefully." 
"Mr. White, are we not shooting today?" Joanna naturally accepted his head pat without feeling anything was inappropriate. 
"We can’t shoot today." Gary White looked at her well-behaved and clever appearance, and his heart couldn’t help but soften. His big hand, which had just been lowered, couldn’t resist moving back to her head again, gently stroking her soft, smooth hair with a much softer voice.
###Chapter 771: Chapter 770: That vinegar jar in your house is going to eat you up.
"Now that you’ve gotten the role of Female Lead 1, Female Lead 3’s position is vacant. I haven’t figured out who’s a good fit for it yet. Moreover, you’re not very familiar with the script for Female Lead 1 yet, so get to know the script first." 
"Yes." 
Joanna suddenly found herself in the role of Female Lead 1 instead of Female Lead 3. The surprise hit her so hard and fast that she felt like she was dreaming. 
But no. 
Even in her dreams, she never thought such a good thing would happen to her. 
Not far away. 
Behind her, a group of film crew members and actors watched Gary White pat Joanna’s head. They exchanged glances, their expressions full of implications. 
Director White and the newcomer... are they already involved? 
Even at the shooting scene, they’re showing such intimacy without any scruples. 
It seems that Director White is really fond of this newcomer. 
In the past, when other actresses tried to flirt with him, he wouldn’t even spare an extra glance. 
But now, with this newcomer, he’s so loving and indulging. 
From now on, they’ll have to treat the newcomer better. 
After all, she might be lucky enough to become the director’s wife in the future. 
Others speculate that they’ve already started dating. 
But the two parties don’t even know about it yet. 
"Mr. White, it’s because of me that Ashton Heath got someone to expose Lisha Alcock’s scandals. Now that we’re changing the lead actress, the film shooting from earlier will be scrapped, causing a massive financial loss."
Joanna couldn’t help feeling guilty, "I know just saying sorry is not enough, but..." 
"You don’t need to apologize to me," Gary White looked at her with raised eyebrows, "Do you think I’d let myself suffer a loss? Lisha caused such a mess, affecting the entire film crew’s shooting. She has to pay the penalty to me. Those penalty fees will be enough to cover the other expenses." 
Penalty fees? 
Joanna widened her eyes a bit in surprise, "She has to pay penalty fees too?" 
She thought Gary White was compensating Lisha Alcock. 
After all, he changed Lisha’s role from Female Lead 1. 
But it turned out that Lisha was the one paying penalty fees? 
"Of course, it’s stated in the signing agreement. If an artist has a negative image during film shooting due to some bad affairs which affects the whole TV series, the film crew can terminate the contract and ask for compensation." 
Joanna’s eyes widened even more. 
She hadn’t noticed this clause when she looked at the contract. 
So, causing scandals during film shooting would lead to paying penalty fees? 
Then, what about her scandal with Maddox Allenson... 
Her entire demeanor suddenly worsened. 
She won’t have to pay penalty fees too, right? 
Feeling anxious, she asked, "Mr. White, what about me..." 
"Scared?" Seeing her reaction, Gary White couldn’t help laughing, "Of course you don’t have to pay any penalties. Your scandal with Maddox is different from Lisha’s." 
"Her released scandals ruined her image. She can no longer be Female Lead 1. I might not lack money, but I’m not doing this for a charitable cause. I don’t want to shoot a losing project because of her." 
Joanna breathed a sigh of relief. 
She patted her chest, "Phew, luckily. You almost scared me to death." 
Gary White said, "What were you worried about? That I would make you pay the penalty fees?" 
"Uh, yeah." 
"If you really were involved in a scandal as big as Lisha’s, you wouldn’t have to worry about paying me penalty fees. Your family’s jealous guy would swallow you whole."
###Chapter 772: Chapter 771: His past is cleaner than any other man’s
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
That’s actually true. 
Ashton Heath is such a jealous guy... 
She really had no words for it. 
"But to be honest, I’ve known Ashton Heath for so many years, and this is the first time I’ve learned that he can actually get jealous, that he can be so confused because he cares about a woman. I was surprised when he called me last night." 
"I doubted whether his phone had been taken by someone else." 
"..." 
"Really," Gary White hooked his lips, "you haven’t seen his deadpan look before. Just like a monk who has left the world, cold and emotionless. Let alone getting jealous because of a woman, even if a woman stripped naked in front of him, he’d have no reaction." 
"At that time, we even suspected that he liked men." 
"Pff." Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh. 
"We originally thought he’d definitely be single for life. After all, it’s not that he didn’t want to fall in love and get married, but rather that he had no interest in women at all. You probably know about his other problem too, that he is allergic to women?" 
"Yeah." Joanna Lawrence nodded. 
She heard about this from Zack. 
She was very surprised at the time. 
She hadn’t thought that anyone would have such a disease. 
Even now, she still found it quite strange. 
She asked Gary White curiously, "Mr. White, would he really get an allergic reaction if he touched other women before?" 
"Yes, he really would have an allergic reaction." Gary White half-closed his eyes, as if recalling something, the smile on his lips deepened, "At first we didn’t believe it, thinking it was just his excuse to reject those women. But after having seen it with our own eyes, we had to believe." 
"What would happen if he became allergic?" 
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t seen what Ashton Heath’s allergic reaction to women would look like. 
Anyway, she only knew he wasn’t allergic to her. 
She could touch any part of him. 
And he... seemed to especially like touching her too. 
"He would throw up, his body would have red rashes, and I heard that in more severe cases, he would even faint. We saw the time when he got red rashes." 
"He touched another woman?" Joanna Lawrence’s eyebrows frowned slightly. 
She knew she shouldn’t be bothered, whether it was other women touching him or him touching other women, that was all in the past. 
She shouldn’t mind. 
But, the idea of him touching other women still made her feel uncomfortable.
Now she understood why Ashton Heath was so concerned about David Benington. 
If Ashton Heath also had an ex, and they had known each other for ten years, almost getting married kind. 
She would certainly be very bothered, right? 
No, she would definitely be extremely bothered. 
"It was a special situation that time. We were passing by a place where someone had fallen into the water, and Ashton was the one who went down to save them. Don’t be fooled by his usual cold demeanor, as if he doesn’t care about other people’s lives and deaths, but deep down, he’s actually a very kind person." 
So that’s how it was. 
Joanna Lawrence was genuinely surprised. 
She also thought Ashton Heath was the kind of person who just didn’t care about other people’s lives except those he cared about. 
She didn’t expect that he had ever saved anyone before. 
She felt like she knew him a little more. 
And her affection for him seemed to grow a little too. 
"You don’t need to be jealous. Ashton Heath’s past could be said to be cleaner than any other man’s, because of his strange problem, there has never been a woman’s shadow around him. You’re absolutely his first girlfriend."
###Chapter 773: Chapter 772: Some things, she didn’t dare to think about
Speaking of which, your connection with him is quite profound. He has that strange allergy, but only to you he doesn’t react. Tell me, aren’t you two predestined to be together?" 
"But..." 
Hearing this, Joanna Lawrence should have been happy, but thinking of a certain matter, she couldn’t cheer up. 
"What?" 
Gary White is a person who values his time above everything else. 
He would never spend his time chatting idly with others. 
But for Joanna, he repeatedly made exceptions. 
Occasionally, he found idle chat not too bad. 
More importantly, he felt relaxed being with Joanna. 
Even just random talk seemed quite interesting. 
He didn’t find it boring. 
He had always wanted a younger sister; there was no lack of cousins at home, but he never found one he liked. 
None of those sisters pleased him. 
As daughters of wealthy families, spoiled since childhood, it was inevitable for them to be pampered and willful. 
What he liked was the type of girl who, both in appearance and character, was well-behaved and clever. 
Preferably, weaker in looks. 
This would give him a desire to protect her. 
And Joanna was the perfect sister in his mind, even her character was exactly what he liked— well-behaved and clever.
The most important point was, he wanted to be close to her when they were together. 
This idea of wanting to be close was not an attraction between the sexes due to hormones. 
A thought even came up in his mind; how great it would be if Joanna was his younger sister. 
He would definitely make her the happiest, most spoiled little princess in the world. 
He would do everything to treat her well, spoil her, and make up for his regret of not being by her side in the past. 
However, he knew it was impossible. 
Where could there be such good things. 
How could he get his wish. 
"Mr. White, if he met another woman who wouldn’t trigger his allergic reaction before me, would he also fall for that woman?" 
This question has been hidden in Joanna’s heart for a long time. 
Although she knows there is no need to worry about things that have not happened, she can’t help but think about it. 
She had kept it to herself and never told anyone, just puzzled over it. 
But now she has the desire to confide in Gary White. 
She always feels that he, being talented and well-read, is able to see issues more clearly and maturely than her. 
She wants to know his views and seeks his advice. 
"Is that how you think?" Gary White looked at her in surprise. 
"Uh, isn’t it?" Looking into his eyes, Joanna bit the corner of her lips, with confusion in her eyes, "He once mentioned when we were together, that I was the only person who didn’t trigger his allergies." 
"So, he hoped I could stay by his side for a long period of time. That way, it would be easier for him to find out the exact reason." 
After that, once the reason was found. 
Her uniqueness and specialness to him would cease to exist, right? 
Just as Rebecca Kelloway said, if she lost these unique features, if she is no longer the only one for him, would he still love her? 
Would he still be as good to her as he is now? 
There were things she dared not think about. 
At first, she didn’t care, she never thought about being with him for the long term. 
But now...
###Chapter 774: Chapter 773: You Have to Believe in Love at First Sight
After she realized that she had gradually fallen for him, and unknowingly let him occupy a place in her heart, she began to be afraid. 
She was afraid that her feelings would become a laughingstock. 
For her, the most painful thing was not losing something. 
It was having gained the best of everything, only to completely lose it again. 
It was like falling from heaven into hell. 
Gary White thought for a moment and said thoughtfully, "You think he doesn’t really like you?" 
"No. I can feel that he likes me. It’s just that I don’t know how genuine his feelings are, and how much of it is because..." 
"Because of your special connection?" Gary White looked at the obviously love-struck girl in front of him and, after a serious thought, said, "You worry that if there is another woman with the same special connection to him, he might fall for her too?" 
"Are you afraid that one day things will indeed turn out the way you think?" 
Joanna’s eyelashes trembled, and she softly nodded. 
"Mr. White, do you think I’m overthinking it?" Her voice was soft and light, "He treats me so well now, and no one has ever been this good to me before. I also know that there aren’t any other women by his side. But, I still can’t help but have wild thoughts. Do you think I don’t know how fortunate I am?" 
However, Gary White shook his head, "It’s normal for you to think this way. But if you are asking for my opinion, I don’t think so. Ashton Heath is not as frivolous as you think, especially when it comes to the big things in life like choosing a partner. I don’t think he chose you simply because of your special connection to him." 
"If he didn’t already like you, even if you were special to him, he wouldn’t marry you." 
"There are many ways for him to study his condition. Marriage is definitely not the only option. Only if he likes you and wants to be with you, would he make you his wife." 
Joanna’s eyes brightened again. 
It felt as if the weight that had been clogging her heart and making her uncomfortable had suddenly disappeared. 
Her breathing became smooth again. 
Her entire being felt a sense of relief. 
With her now-sparkling eyes full of absolute trust, she looked at Gary White, "Is it really like that? But he proposed to me after meeting me only once..." 
"Joanna, you need to believe that love at first sight does exist in reality." 
Joanna: "..." 
So, was it love at first sight for Ashton Heath? 
"Alright, don’t think too much." Gary White gently rubbed her head, softly saying, "Actually, it doesn’t matter what his original intention was, as long as you can be sure that he likes you now, everything will be fine, right?" 
"Don’t overthink it, and don’t complicate things. Doing so will only make you unhappy and serve no other purpose." 
"Yes, I understand. Mr. White, thank you for talking with me about all this." 
Joanna looked at him with gratitude, "You helped me solve a problem that has troubled me for a long time. I know what to do now, and I won’t dwell on the issue anymore." 
* 
Meanwhile. 
Watching the scandals rise higher and higher on the hot search, unable to take them down, Lisha Alcock was both angry and anxious, slamming her phone down on the table with a "bang".
###Chapter 775: Chapter 774: Can’t This Issue be Resolved With Money?
Turning around with a flare of rage, she interrogates her agent, "Why can’t you pull down the hot search? Why are those topics still on the hot search?" 
"Why are there more and more people discussing and forwarding the topic? Didn’t you say you would find a way to take it down from the hot search?" 
"But, why is the popularity of the hot search not only not decreasing, but also increasing? What’s wrong with the people you found, they’re so unreliable? Or is it that we haven’t paid them enough? No matter how much it costs, you must settle this matter." 
"I can’t be ruined by these hot searches." 
"I’ve struggled so hard to get to where I am today, I can’t be ruined by these scandals. Absolutely not!" She said as her face turned fierce towards the end. 
Her agent was also extremely agitated. Getting yelled at by her only compounded his frustration, "why are you snapping at me? Do you think it doesn’t bother me? You’re the star I’ve built up from nothing, what good does it do for me if you lose popularity? It’s not that I don’t want to pull down the hot search, I just can’t!" 
"Why can’t you pull it down?" Lisha’s face was ashen, "In the past, whenever there were scandals, didn’t we simply pay someone off to settle them? Are they asking for a hefty sum this time?" 
The agent’s face didn’t look any better, coldly responding, "If it could be solved by throwing money at it, that’d be great, no matter how much it would cost." 
"What do you mean?" Lisha was confused, her brows furrowed, "Does this mean we can’t solve the problem with money?" 
"Exactly." 
The agent kept his face expressionless, his tone grave, "I paid off the blog to pull down the circling scandals, but soon enough, the negative search about you is getting boosted again. Furthermore, I called to check and was told that the people releasing your scandals have powerful background, they are not someone we could afford to offend." 
"Therefore, money isn’t going to solve the problem this time." 
"Lisha, I think you will need to ask Mr. Luther for help. Only he could assist us now." 
Lisha’s eyes popped open in disbelief, "Our connections won’t help either? Who is behind all this?" 
The agent shook his head, "They did not specify, but it sounds like they are genuinely afraid. Lisha, who exactly did you offend?" 
"I, I don’t know." 
Lisha paled slightly, her brows furrowed in thought for a moment, her expression shifting as she forced out through gritted teeth, "The only one I can think of is Joanna. But, it couldn’t have been her doing, she doesn’t have that kind of power." 
"Who?" 
"Joanna Lawrence." Mentioning this name, Lisha’s eyes chilled, "But where would she get such powerful backing? If she had it, she wouldn’t only have gotten the role of Female Lead 3." 
"We can’t be so sure of that." The agent narrowed his eyes, "She might not have had it before, but doesn’t she now?" 
"You mean..." Upon thinking of him, Lisha’s face contorted, "Did Gary White do this?" 
"Who else could pull something like this off? He must have found out that yesterday’s rumor about Maddox Allenson and Joanna Lawrence was circulated by you, so he decided to take revenge for Joanna. As the young master of the White family, digging up your past scandals would be a piece of cake for him." 
"Aside from him, there’s nobody else I can think of who’d be capable of doing this. His current interest in Joanna is quite significant, so it wouldn’t be surprising for him to pull something like this for her. After all, for him, it’s not a difficult task."
###Chapter 776: Chapter 775: This siren really knows how to seduce men
"I told you not to act rashly, but you didn’t listen. Now look what has happened. How am I supposed to help you clean up this mess? If it’s really Gary White, unless he’s willing to let you off the hook, you’ll have no choice but to face the consequences." 
At first, Lisha Alcock was angry, but as she listened, fear showed on her face. 
She knew this very well. 
The power of the White family was not something they could fight against. 
If Gary White really wanted her to be in trouble, she had no way out. 
Could it be that Gary White was behind this?
Was it because she exposed Joanna’s affair with Maddox Allenson yesterday, so Gary White wanted to take revenge for Joanna? 
Was he really that invested in that little siren? 
He actually wanted to put her in a life-or-death situation. 
How could he be so cruel! 
At this moment, Lisha’s heart was filled with hatred. 
"That siren really knows how to seduce men! Can’t Gary see that she’s an innocence pretender? I’m going to call him and ask him why he’s doing this. Why is he so heartless and ruthless towards me?" 
Lisha’s eyes were filled with resentment as she picked up her phone, unlocked it, and was about to call Gary. 
"Are you insane?" The agent was shocked and hurriedly stopped her, frowning, "Do you want to make things even worse by calling and questioning him at this point? Is Gary White someone you can question?" 
"Do you think you’ll die too slow by doing this?" 
Lisha gritted her teeth, "What can I do then? Didn’t you say he was behind this? Can’t I call him?" 
"Is this how you plan to plead with him? It looks like you’re going to pick a fight with him. And if he did this to help Joanna, calling him would only make things worse." 
"What do you want me to do then? Just wait for my doom?!" 
"Of course not." The agent took a deep breath, suppressed his anger, and thought for a moment before saying, "Call Mr. Luther. The big generational friendships in Closia have good private relationships, and Gary White and Mr. Luther must have some connections too." 
"If he asks for a favor, Gary should at least give him some face. He won’t offend Mr. Luther just for a new lover." 
"Call Mr. Luther?" Lisha hesitated for a moment, her brow wrinkled, and a hint of hesitation flashed in her eyes. 
Everyone knew that she had attached herself to a powerful patron, the young master of the Luther family, Yannick Luther. 
In fact, she had indeed. 
But her attachment was not yet stable. 
Because Yannick had more than one woman by his side, and she was not the most favored one. 
"That’s the only way." 
"Alright, I’ll... call him." 
After hesitating for a moment, Lisha finally agreed. 
She had worked so hard for her position today, and she didn’t want to lose it like this. 
She knew very well how miserable the downfall of a star could be. 
Having enjoyed the glory of fame, and suddenly being thrown into oblivion, that feeling would make people feel worse than death. 
She didn’t want to experience that at all. 
So no matter what, she had to ask Yannick for help. 
Yannick... would help her, right? 
Although she wasn’t the most favored one, Yannick was always good to her. 
There must be some feelings between them, after all.
###Chapter 777: Chapter 776: Apart from the White Family, Only the Heath Family is Left
With that in mind, Lisha Alcock made a call to Yannick Luther. 
It took quite a while for the call to connect. 
The lazy, indifferent voice of the man on the other end came through, accompanied by some other miscellaneous noises: "Baby, are you missing me?" 
Lisha hesitated for a moment, about to speak, when she suddenly heard a woman’s giggle. 
Her face changed instantly, and she couldn’t help but ask, "Yannick, where are you right now?" 
"Why?" Yannick didn’t answer her question, his voice still languid and indifferent. "Do you miss me? Do you want to find me?" 
Lisha: "..." 
She pursed her lips, her face darkening. 
She didn’t believe for a second that Yannick didn’t know about the huge mess she was in. 
But he didn’t say a word about it. 
Even though she had been with Yannick only for his money and power, without a shred of real affection, she still couldn’t stand being so blatantly ignored by a man. 
"Yannick, I need your help with something." 
From the phone came the same woman’s giggle as before. Lisha took a deep breath and said through gritted teeth, "I’m in a bit of trouble and I hope you can help me." 
"Oh?" Yannick chuckled softly, "What’s wrong?" 
"Someone exposed my scandals on the blog, and we can’t delete them now. I think Gary White may be behind it. I know you have some connection with him, so maybe you could..." 
"Help you plead for mercy? So he’ll let you off the hook?" 
Before she could finish, Yannick laughed lightly. "What on earth did you do to offend him?" 
Lisha said angrily, "I didn’t offend him. There’s a new girl in our TV series who’s not getting along with me, and Gary White has taken a liking to her and wants to help her get revenge." 
"Who is this new girl you’re talking about?" 
"Her name is Joanna Lawrence." Lisha gritted her teeth as she spoke, "She was noticed by Gary White the moment she arrived on set." 
There was silence on the other end for a moment. 
When he resumed speaking, his tone seemed to have cooled a bit: "The new girl you’re talking about, Gary White couldn’t possibly have taken a liking to her." 
"Why not? Everyone in the TV series knows..." 
"Lisha Alcock, even now you still haven’t figured out who you’ve really offended. You think Gary White is your enemy?" Yannick suddenly sneered, "Out of consideration for my past relationship with you, I’ll give you a hint." 
Lisha suddenly had a bad feeling, and her face involuntarily paled: "A hint... of what?" 
Yannick’s voice was cold, "You’re indeed in trouble because of Joanna Lawrence. However, the person backing her is not Gary White, but someone much more ruthless than him. Even if you want me to help you, there’s nothing I can do." 
Lisha’s face changed drastically. 
"Yannick, who is this person you’re talking about?" 
Even Yannick was powerless to help? 
Who in Closia had greater power and influence than the Luther family? 
Apart from the White family, there was only one remaining possibility - the Heath family. 
The Heath family?!! 
Lisha’s eyes widened in shock, and disbelief spread across her face. 
That was impossible. 
The idea that had just popped into her head was quickly dismissed. 
It was absolutely impossible that the person behind Joanna was a member of the Heath family. 
The Heath family was the top-ranking wealthy family among the four great families of Closia.
###Chapter 778: Chapter 777: Even More Powerful Than Gary White
It was also the most powerful family in Closia. 
If Joanna Lawrence’s backer was someone from the Heath family, it really wouldn’t be something Yannick Luther could help with. 
Although the Luther family was also among the four great families, it was still slightly inferior to the Heath family. 
But these were not the key issues. 
The key was, how could Joanna Lawrence possibly know anyone from the Heath family? 
The Heath family’s Young Master Brandon was still single, and everyone knew he was a very disciplined person, with no trace of a woman around him. 
As for the Heath family’s Young Master Ashton, he was even more notoriously androphobic. 
In any case, both young masters of the Heath family were not close to women. 
So, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t possibly have had any opportunity to get in contact with them, let alone have any intersection with people like them. 
Yet, if the person was not from the Heath family, how could Yannick Luther say that the person’s skills were even better than Gary White’s? 
In a short moment, Lisha Alcock’s face changed and changed again, with even more anxiety and fear rising in her heart. 
But if... it really was the person she was thinking of... 
She didn’t dare to think about the consequences. 
She didn’t dare to imagine what would happen if she offended someone from the Heath family. 
Because even just thinking about it, she would feel her hair stand on end and her heart tremble with fear. 
"Lisha, you’ve messed with someone you shouldn’t have messed with this time. I can’t help you with this. By the way, let’s end our relationship too. I’ll have someone bid on the villa you mentioned last time as a farewell gift." 
After Yannick Luther finished speaking, he hung up the phone. 
Hearing the dial tone from the phone, the hand that Lisha Alcock used to hold the phone suddenly loosened. 
The phone fell to the ground and the screen immediately cracked. 
"What’s the matter?" The agent looked at her and frowned, asking anxiously, "What did Mr. Luther say? Is he willing to help you plead for mercy?" 
Lisha Alcock didn’t seem to hear, not responding at all. 
The agent got even more anxious, grabbing her hand: "Say something! Is Mr. Luther willing to help?" 
Lisha Alcock was nurtured by her hands. 
In order to make her famous, she poured a lot of effort into Lisha Alcock. 
Naturally, she spent a lot of money too. 
Now Lisha Alcock was the cash cow of the company, and if she really fell, it would definitely have a huge impact on the company. 
The impact on her as an agent would be even greater. 
So, no matter what, she couldn’t let Lisha Alcock fall. 
Lisha’s hand was grabbed painfully, her face scrunched up, and she finally came back to her senses. 
Her face was very pale. 
It was the kind of paleness that couldn’t be hidden even with makeup on her face. 
She looked at the agent with a desperate gaze, her lips trembling a few times, her voice trembling, "He said...he can’t help me either. We all guessed wrong. Joanna’s backer is not Gary White, but someone even more powerful than Gary White." 
"Denise, who do you think that person is?" 
"Who could be more powerful than Gary White?" 
"How could Joanna Lawrence know someone so powerful? If she really did, how could she only get the role of Female Lead 3? Is it possible that Mr. Luther doesn’t want to help, so he lied to me?" 
The agent’s name was Denise. 
After hearing Lisha’s words, Denise’s face turned white. 
She exclaimed in shock, "Yannick Luther told you that the man behind Joanna is even more powerful than Gary White?"
###Chapter 779: Chapter 778: Lady Octavia’s Phone Call
Lisha Alcock nodded blankly. 
"Someone even more powerful than Gary White?" Denise opened her mouth slightly and fell silent for a few seconds before her face suddenly turned extremely unpleasant. She trembled her lips and said with difficulty, "Could it be... the Heath family?" 
"Joanna Lawrence’s real backer is from the Heath family?!" 
"Impossible." Lisha Alcock denied it desperately with a frightened face, "It can’t be someone from the Heath family, it’s impossible. How could she know someone from the Heath family? It’s not possible." 
"If it’s not someone from the Heath family, then who could it be?" Denise didn’t want her guess to become reality either. 
Because offending someone from the Heath family was even more terrifying than offending Gary White. 
If it was Gary White, they could still plead for mercy. 
But if it was the Heath family... 
"I don’t know either." Lisha Alcock irritatedly ruffled her hair, "But whoever that person is, it shouldn’t be from the Heath family." 
She still didn’t want to admit that Joanna Lawrence could have connections with someone from the Heath family. 
That was the most prominent and powerful family in Closia, symbolizing supreme power and wealth. 
Mr. Ashton from the Heath family was very low-profile and spent most of the time overseas, so nobody knew what he looked like. 
However, it wasn’t hard to imagine. 
Young Master Brandon from the Heath family often appeared in the public eye. 
That was an extremely good-looking man. 
Being from the Heath family, Mr. Ashton’s appearance shouldn’t be too far off. 
Born into a wealthy family with such an attractive appearance, these men were truly top-notch among the top grade. 
It was a once-in-a-lifetime encounter. 
How could Joanna Lawrence possibly know such an amazing man? 
"Your only choice is to beg Joanna Lawrence." After a long silence, Denise said solemnly, "No matter who the man behind her is, it’s someone we can’t afford to provoke. The reason why your scandals were exposed is because that person wants to vent his anger for Joanna Lawrence." 
"If you can obtain her forgiveness, there might still be a way out for you. Otherwise..." Denise’s voice turned even colder, "No one can protect you." 
Lisha Alcock couldn’t believe it: "You want me to apologize to Joanna Lawrence?" 
"What else can you do? Do you want to just give up? Is pride more important or your future? Think it through." Denise took a deep look at her, "If you lose your current glory, you’ll be back to the time when you had nothing. Can you...bear it?" 
* 
After leaving the film crew, Joanna Lawrence took a taxi back to the hotel. 
Halfway there, she received a phone call. 
She picked it up, and Lady Octavia’s voice came from the other end of the phone. 
Her cold, emotionless voice rang clearly into Joanna’s ears: "Joanna Lawrence, I’m waiting for you at the coffee shop in your hotel. Let’s meet." 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna looked a little dazed. 
"Joanna, are you alright?" Nina, who was going back with her, noticed her pale face and asked with concern. 
Joanna locked her phone and shook her head, "It’s nothing." 
"Are you really okay?" Nina still looked worried. 
She could tell that Joanna’s mood had changed after the call. 
She didn’t know who called her. 
"Mm, I’m fine." Joanna put her phone in her bag, turned her head, and looked contemplatively outside the window. 
Lady Octavia had actually come to Frankfurt. 
For her, this was an unexpected surprise. 
Although she didn’t know what Lady Octavia wanted to talk about, she could guess that it wouldn’t be anything good.
###Chapter 780: Chapter 779: Meeting Lady Octavia
Most likely, it was about her scandal. 
This morning when Ashton Heath dropped her off at the film crew, Madam Heath had already called to inquire about the scandal. 
If Madam Heath knew about it, there was no way Lady Octavia could be ignorant. 
Given Lady Octavia’s previous attitudes towards her, this time they were probably here to demand an explanation. 
* 
They arrived at the hotel. 
Joanna Lawrence and Nina got out of the car together and entered the elevator, pressing the button for the floor where the coffee shop was located. 
"Huh, Joanna, this isn’t our..." 
"Oh, I’m meeting a friend." Joanna casually replied, "You go ahead. You have the day off today, so do whatever you want, don’t worry about me."
"Alright, I’m going to meet a friend later too. I might come back late tonight. If there’s anything you need, just call me and I’ll come back right away." 
"Mm-hmm." 
Upon reaching the tenth floor, Joanna exited the elevator first. 
The coffee shop was on the tenth floor. 
After leaving the elevator and walking forward for a while, she saw Lady Octavia, who was seating by the floor-to-ceiling window waiting for her. 
Lady Octavia was, after all, a noble madam who’d been raised in a prestigious family since childhood. 
Her grace and elegance, which she’d cultivated since she was little, were noticeably distinct from ordinary people. 
Joanna spotted her at a glance. 
Her posture was elegant, the way she held her coffee cup was elegant, and her well-maintained face showed no signs of her actual age. At a glance, she was still a very attractive young woman. 
Many of the men in the coffee shop were stealing glances at her. 
But none of them dared to approach her and strike up a conversation. 
Lady Octavia had an aloof and cold demeanor, coming off as a cold beauty type, which most men found interesting but dared not pursue casually. Moreover, her entire bearing did not seem like an ordinary wealthy girl, and that alone was enough to deter many men. 
"Miss, hello, may I ask if you..." 
"I have an appointment." 
Joanna looked at the waiter who approached warmly and quickly walked towards the location where Lady Octavia was seated. 
As she approached, Lady Octavia, who had been initially staring outside the window as if enjoying the view, turned her head, her gaze directly shifting to Joanna. 
Lady Octavia’s gaze carried a measure of severity and coldness, showing no goodwill whatsoever. 
Joanna’s eyes met hers, her steps faltering involuntarily. 
She hesitated for a few seconds before softly whispering, "Mom..." 
Hearing her address, a hint of disgust flashed in the depths of Lady Octavia’s eyes, and she coldly pulled the corners of her lips, extending a hand to point at the opposite seat, "You’re here, then sit down." 
Joanna naturally didn’t overlook the flash of disgust in Lady Octavia’s eyes. 
She knew Lady Octavia didn’t like her. 
However, this blatant display of disgust still made Joanna feel as if she’d been pricked by something, causing some discomfort. 
But her expression remained as if nothing had happened. 
She sat down opposite Lady Octavia, ordered a cup of coffee from the waiter, then turned her head to look at Lady Octavia, hesitating before deciding to take the initiative and ask, "Mom, do you need anything from me?" 
Lady Octavia picked up the coffee in front of her, took a sip, and immediately frowned in disgust. 
It seems that the coffee here didn’t suit her taste. 
She took a sip and put it down. 
Although this was a five-star hotel, the consumption and grade here were considered good for ordinary people. 
However, in the eyes of a noble madam like Lady Octavia, the things here still didn’t meet her standards.
###Chapter 781: Chapter 780: What Should I Do to Leave Him?
She still despised her. 
It is easy to imagine how much she despised her daughter-in-law, who came from such an ordinary background. 
If she had not obtained the certificate with Ashton Heath first, and he had then brought her home, Lady Octavia would have never agreed to Ashton marry her. 
Lady Octavia’s ideal daughter-in-law was Rebecca Kelloway. 
Indeed, the Heath family and the Kelloway family were matching in social and economic status. 
The conditions of Rebecca Kelloway and Ashton Heath were also very well-matched. 
Moreover, they had grown up together since childhood. 
This was very rare. 
It was probably assumed by everyone around them that they would eventually end up together.
That’s what Lady Octavia thought as well, right? 
But who would have thought, Ashton suddenly got married behind their back, and found her a daughter-in-law that dissatisfied her in every aspect. 
Of course, Lady Octavia did not like her at all in her heart. 
Perhaps she also thought Joanna instigated Ashton to get the certificate first, and believed her to be a very scheming woman. 
"Joanna Lawrence, I am not a person who likes to beat around the bush, so I’ll just speak straightforwardly to you," Lady Octavia’s eyes were filled with indifference and impatience, as if talking to her for even one more sentence made her feel very uncomfortable. 
Her voice was also very indifferent: "Tell me, what do you want to leave my son?" 
"How much money do you want? You name the price. As long as you’re not too greedy, I can satisfy your needs." 
Her tone was full of condescension. 
Joanna was stunned, and her heart sank. 
Originally, she thought Lady Octavia was here because of her scandal. 
She did not expect her to come over and persuade her to leave Ashton Heath. 
In the end, the clichéd cliché of a wealthy family breaking up a loving couple happened to her. 
Joanna was surprised and dumbfounded for a moment, but soon, she calmed down. 
She was silent for a while, looking at Lady Octavia, her voice calm: "Mom, you must be joking with me. Ashton and I are already married, and we don’t have any emotional problems. How could I possibly leave him?" 
Lady Octavia’s face suddenly turned very ugly. 
She stared at Joanna sharply for a few seconds, then coldly said with a stern face, "Don’t pretend to be foolish with me and act like you don’t understand what I’m saying. Your marriage with Ashton was never approved by our elders in the first place. You think that getting the certificate by deceiving him is enough for us to accept this?" 
"Let me make it clear to you, I will never accept you. Ashton’s other half can’t be a woman like you. If you still have any self-awareness, you can get a considerable sum of money, enough for you to enjoy a life of wealth and luxury for the rest of your life." 
"If you still want to cling to Ashton and covet things that do not belong to you, the result may be that you will end up with nothing." 
"So, I advise you to be smarter." 
Looking at Lady Octavia’s arrogant and condescending appearance, Joanna pursed her lips, her voice still calm, and her facial expression still calm: "Mom, I didn’t deceive Ashton into getting the certificate. It was his idea to get it." 
"I never thought about clinging to him. I am with him because I like him and want to be with him." 
Even if her initial intention was not like this, now, it was because she liked him that she wanted to be with him. 
She and he had just expressed their feelings for each other.
###Chapter 782: Chapter 781: The Fox’s Tail is Revealed
Only then did they realize that they both had each other in their hearts. 
Their relationship had just advanced to a new stage. 
Now, all she wanted was to be together with him. 
"So, you don’t want to divorce him?" Lady Octavia’s tone suddenly turned several degrees colder, and her face was also colder. Even her eyes were much sharper. 
The hostility from her eyes hit Joanna directly. 
Joanna wasn’t afraid, and she met Lady Octavia’s eyes, stating, "Mom, I’m sorry, but I won’t divorce him. Unless he betrays me and doesn’t want me, I’ll leave him. Otherwise, I’ll always be by his side." 
"Joanna Lawrence!" Lady Octavia slammed her hand onto the table, "Do you think I’m here to discuss this with you? There’s no room for discussion on this matter. Whether you want to divorce him or not, you have to." 
Lady Octavia’s attitude was extremely domineering.
Joanna didn’t back down, and she looked at her calmly, repeating her previous statement word for word, "Mom, like I said, I can’t possibly divorce him. There are no emotional or other problems between Ashton and me. We get along very well and care about each other." 
"I like being with him, and I want to stay with him for a long time. I can’t comply with your request." 
"You like him?" Lady Octavia’s eyes were filled with anger, and she sneered in ridicule, "Do you like my son, or do you like his identity and status? Don’t act like I don’t know what women like you are thinking. You just want to change your social class through marriage, turning from a sparrow into a phoenix. If he had no money or power, would you still like him? You’re just using your pretty face to enchant my son and trick him into marrying you." 
"Don’t you think this is shameless of you?" Lady Octavia became angrier and more disgusted as she spoke, her contempt and disdain blatantly revealed, completely losing her previous elegance and composure, making her look rather ferocious. 
She no longer resembled the elegant and dignified noble madam from just moments ago. 
Joanna’s face changed slightly, and she gripped the edge of the table. 
She took a deep breath, and after a few seconds of silence, her lips still bore a faint smile. She looked at Lady Octavia, who was on the verge of erupting in anger, and spoke softly, "Mom, I’ve told you before: I didn’t deceive him into marrying me." 
"Ashton Heath is an adult; he’s not an ignorant child. You must know better than anyone what kind of person your son is. Do you think I could have tricked him into marrying me if he wasn’t doing it willingly?" 
"That’s right, our flash marriage did initially happen for reasons other than love." 
Lady Octavia couldn’t help but scoff, "Oh, showing your true colors now? You admit it?" 
Joanna ignored her sarcasm and continued, "You should know that he has a problem: he can’t touch any woman. This is also a major reason why he’s remained single all these years." 
Lady Octavia frowned, "What exactly are you trying to say?" 
Joanna looked at her and calmly said, "After he found out that he wouldn’t have an allergic reaction to me, it was him who proposed marriage. At first, I wasn’t willing. Yes, he is outstanding, and his situation is excellent. In fact, if I had refused him, I probably wouldn’t meet a better man in my entire life."
###Chapter 783: Chapter 782: Forcing Me to Take Action?
"But I don’t have any feelings for him. Even though he’s very outstanding, I am not willing to marry a stranger." 
"It was his offer to pay for my brother’s surgery in exchange for marrying him that compelled me to agree to get a marriage certificate." 
Joanna didn’t want to divulge these things. 
However, she didn’t want Lady Octavia to think that she coaxed Ashton into getting a marriage certificate. 
The proposal to get a marriage certificate was originally made by Ashton. 
At that time, she was unwilling. 
Why should she swallow this insult and bear the blame for "deceiving"? 
She wanted Lady Octavia to be clear about this. 
It wasn’t her coaxing Ashton into marriage, but Ashton using the surgery for Jeremy as a condition, forcing her to have no choice but to agree to marry him. 
"What did you say?" Lady Octavia frowned, her eyes filled with surprise as she was evidently astonished by Joanna’s disclosure. 
In her heart, her son was the best in the world. 
It could only be women clinging to her son, seducing him. 
Her son would never go after other women. 
She had long determined that the marriage was Joanna tricking her son into getting the certificate. 
So, the words Joanna just said genuinely surprised her. 
"Mom, I just want to tell you that it was Ashton who first brought up the idea of getting married. I didn’t deceive him, nor did I force him, and I certainly didn’t manipulate him out of fear of your disapproval." 
"If it wasn’t for the need for him to perform surgery on my brother, I wouldn’t have had anything to do with him, let alone marry him." 
"I know that no matter what I say, it won’t change the impression I have left in your heart. But I still want to explain myself. As for whether you believe me or not, that’s not something I can control." 
Lady Octavia stared at her in astonishment and remained silent for quite some time before coldly snorting, "So, you’re saying that it was Ashton who clung to you, insisting on marrying you?" 
Joanna hesitated for a moment and then honestly nodded, "Yes, that was indeed the case at that time." 
If it wasn’t for Jeremy’s surgery, 
She would never have married Ashton. 
Even though his conditions were excellent and enticing, he was a complete stranger to her at that time. 
No woman would want to marry a stranger. 
After all, marriage is such a significant event. 
"You..." Lady Octavia didn’t expect Joanna would answer this way, and she was so angry that she couldn’t speak. 
How could there be such a shameless woman? 
She even admitted it! 
What was her face made of, to be so thick-skinned? 
What kind of person was her son, that he would pursue a girl like Joanna? 
"Mom, when we got married, we both had our own needs. I needed him to help with Jeremy’s surgery, while he was interested in my uniqueness to him. That’s why we hit it off. If you had asked me to divorce him back then, I would have agreed without hesitation." 
"But now, I think I quite like him." Joanna seemed oblivious to Lady Octavia’s darkening expression and continued to speak, even smiling, "So, I can’t agree to your request to leave him now." 
"You..." 
Lady Octavia thought she had never seen such a shameless woman before. 
She was so angry that when she reached for the coffee cup on the table, her fingers were trembling. "I tried to reason with you, but you wouldn’t listen. Must I resort to force? Joanna, I’ll ask you one last time, will you divorce Ashton or not?"
###Chapter 784: Chapter 783: Why Isn’t She Robbing!
"If you agree to the divorce, I won’t mistreat you. You like film shooting, right? How about I make you a first-tier female artist? I can make you famous in the entire entertainment industry, and provide you with any resources you want." 
"Not only that, but I will also give you houses, cars, jewelry, and money. I can guarantee that you will have a worry-free, luxurious life for the rest of your days. As for the surgery your brother mentioned earlier, I can arrange for the best experts in the world to perform it." 
"Or if you want to get married again, I can help you find a talented young man from the upper-class social circle. Even if he’s not as outstanding as Ashton, he will definitely be among the finest." 
At this point, Lady Octavia felt that the conditions she had offered were already very generous. 
If Joanna didn’t agree, then she would truly be ungrateful. 
In that case, she wouldn’t mind using her means to teach Joanna a lesson. 
"I’ve already offered you very generous terms. It’s only for the time you’ve spent with my son that I’ve decided to treat you exceptionally well. Joanna Lawrence, you should know your place. If you refuse again, you’ll truly anger me." 
In Lady Octavia’s words, there was already a threat: "Do you think it’s a difficult task for me to deal with a little girl like you? Even Ashton can’t stop me." 
For some reason, Joanna felt like laughing. 
At first, she was angry. 
But now, she just found it amusing. 
She actually laughed: "Mom, the conditions you offer are not enough to move me. I won’t divorce Ashton Heath. He will give me everything you promised and even more, better things." 
"I really can’t think of any reason why I should divorce him." 
Lady Octavia paused, her face darkened: "What exactly do you want, so that you will leave Ashton? Joanna Lawrence, do you prefer to be punished rather than accepting a toast?" 
Joanna laughed again: "If you can meet one condition, I might consider divorcing him?" 
"What?" 
"Give me ten billion dollars. I believe that this amount of money should be nothing to the Heath family. So, if you can give me ten billion dollars, I’ll consider the divorce." 
"What did you say?" Lady Octavia stared wide-eyed, her face full of disbelief, thinking she had heard wrong. 
Joanna pursed her lips, smiling as she repeated her words. 
This time, Lady Octavia heard clearly. 
Her face became extremely ugly: "Ten billion? You woman are too greedy. What makes you think you’re worth ten billion?" 
Of course, the Heath family could afford ten billion dollars. 
However, Lady Octavia had never encountered a girl like Joanna before. 
As soon as she opened her mouth, she dared to ask for ten billion dollars outright. 
Why doesn’t she just rob someone! 
Her original plan was to give Joanna several hundred million dollars, which was already very good. 
This amount of money would be enough for her to live a good life for the rest of her days. 
But she didn’t expect Joanna’s appetite to be so big. 
Moreover, although she was never short of money, she couldn’t just casually come up with ten billion dollars. 
"Mom, it’s not that I think I’m worth ten billion, but your son is worth ten billion. You want me to divorce him, right? Well, I’ve set my terms now. As long as you can do it, I will divorce him." 
"In your heart, is a free marriage for your son not worth more than ten billion
###Chapter 785: Chapter 784: Lady Octavia is so angry her face turned green
Lady Octavia: "..." 
She was so angry that she couldn’t say anything. 
How could there be such a shameless woman!! 
What kind of woman has her son married! 
Watching Lady Octavia trembling with rage, Joanna Lawrence felt no guilt at all, but instead, a sense of satisfaction. 
She was never a saint in the first place. 
If others treat her well, she reciprocates accordingly. 
But if others treat her poorly, she doesn’t need to curry favour with them unnecessarily. 
No matter what she does, Lady Octavia won’t like her anyway. 
And now, even daring to threaten her with divorcing Ashton Heath, she didn’t feel the need to respect this mother-in-law anymore. 
They want her to divorce Ashton, so be it. 
Then she would act greedily. 
She knew that Lady Octavia will not agree, she just said it on purpose to provoke her. 
As expected, after hearing her demands, Lady Octavia’s face turned green with rage. 
They said she married Ashton for his money, didn’t they? 
Then she would become a woman who only cares about money. 
"Mom, you should think it over." Joanna hit the service bell on the table, and soon a waitress approached. 
After asking for the total bill, she took out the prestige card that Ashton had given her and handed it to the waitress under Lady Octavia’s furious gaze, then said with a smile, "You’ve come a long way, so the coffee is my treat. I have some things to do, so I won’t accompany you any longer. Please, do consider my offer carefully. I hope to hear your answer soon, because after today, I might change my mind." 
After saying this, she left without caring about Lady Octavia’s reaction. 
* 
Leaving the coffee shop. 
Joanna checked the time, she was originally planning to go back to the hotel to read the script. 
As soon as she pressed the elevator button, her phone beeped. 
She looked down, Ashton had sent her a Twitter message. 
He just got off the plane, sent her a message to let her know he was safe, and took the opportunity to ask what she was doing. 
Joanna opened Twitter and was about to respond. 
She had just typed two words when a thought crossed her mind, and she deleted the two words. 
When the elevator arrived on her floor, she didn’t step out but pressed the button for the first floor again. 
An hour later.
Frankfurt Airport. 
Joanna got on the plane with her boarding pass, found her seat, and replied to Ashton’s Twitter message. 
Fluffy Cutie: Are you going straight to the office, or are you going home? 
Ashton replied immediately: First to the office. I lost some time yesterday and today, so I need to check in at work. 
Joanna Lawrence: Oh. 
Ashton quickly responded again: I still owe you barbecue pork ribs. I’ll make them for you next time. 
After reading his reply, Joanna couldn’t help but smile. 
He still remembers the barbecue pork ribs. 
She had almost forgotten. 
In fact, when she mentioned wanting to eat barbecue pork ribs last night, it was just an offhand comment. 
There was even a bit of deliberate intention to make things difficult for him. 
Unexpectedly, he remembered it. 
She thought about it, and replied: Well, I think I’d like to eat them tonight. 
Ashton: Baby, I’m afraid it’s not possible tonight. 
Joanna Lawrence wanted to surprise him. 
So she didn’t tell him that she was on a flight to Closia City. 
She thought for a moment and finally replied: Alright, we’ll wait until next time. I am going to take the elevator, I’ll talk to you later.
###Chapter 786: Chapter 785: This Kind of Man, Do You Think He is Sincere?
After replying to the message on Twitter, the sweet voice of a flight attendant echoed on the broadcast, reminding passengers that the airplane would soon take off, and to switch off all electronic devices. 
Joanna Lawrence turned off her phone, adjusted her seat to a lower position, and prepared to fall asleep. 
Just as she closed her eyes, she heard a surprising voice beside her, "Joanna Lawrence?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
As she opened her eyes, she saw Frank Parker’s handsome face showing surprise, standing beside her seat and looking down at her. 
A look of surprise also crossed her face. 
She never expected to run into Frank Parker here. 
She had decided on a whim to fly back to Closia today. 
"It’s really you." When Frank caught a glimpse of her soft black eyes shining like stars, his heart skipped a beat for some reason. 
Looking unnatural, he shifted his gaze, glanced at the empty seat next to Joanna, and walked past her. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
You’ve got to be kidding me. 
Frank is taking the seat beside her? 
Is this too much of a coincidence? 
She then saw Frank actually sit down in the seat next to her. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
After Frank Parker sat down, he turned to look at her, hesitated for a moment, and asked, "Weren’t you filming? How come you’re on this flight? Did you stop filming?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Although she didn’t have such a bad impression of Frank anymore and found him less annoying. 
Still, the impression Frank gave her was that of a stranger. 
She couldn’t forget the unpleasantness of their first meeting. 
And his subsequent provocations... 
All of which made it impossible for her to have any fondness for this man. 
So, when Frank spoke to her, she didn’t really feel like responding. 
However, remembering that he helped her make a clarification on her blog last time, she hesitated for a moment and replied: "There’s no filming today, I have a day off." 
"I see." Frank nodded and turned his head away. 
Seeing that he seemed to have no intention of continuing the conversation, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. 
She really didn’t want to keep talking to him. 
Their relationship didn’t seem to have reached the point where they can chat leisurely. 
She also turned her head away, took out an eye mask from her bag, and was about to wear it when she heard the man next to her speak again, "Is that ex-fiance of yours still pestering you? The one I saw on the street last time." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She really didn’t intend to respond. 
However, Frank continued, "Good horses don’t eat grass that they have already passed. That man doesn’t look reliable. Don’t be deceived by his sweet words. I saw him having dinner with another woman yesterday, they looked quite intimate." 
"While seeking a reunion with you, he’s dating other women. Do you think such a man is sincere?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Is David dating other women? 
Okay, even though she already knew David was not a good guy and she felt nothing more than disgust for this man. 
Yet, at this moment, she was still disgusted by this crap of an ex. 
Just the other day, he had publicly proposed a reunion on the street, looking sincere and remorseful. 
So soon, he’s dating other women? 
Every time she realized how bad David was, she seriously questioned her past judgment. 
After all, there was a time when she thought David was a reliable and honest man.
###Chapter 787: Chapter 786: Encountering Frank Parker on the Plane
He was different from other playboy types. 
A rare gem among affluent offspring. 
But reality gave her a hard slap in the face. 
Frank Parker spoke for a while, but heard no response from Joanna Lawrence, so he turned to look at her. 
The young girl already had an incredibly beautiful face. 
Her profile was, of course, equally stunning. 
Frank was close enough to her that he could even see the curve of her eyelashes. 
Her curled, thick, and long eyelashes looked as if they were removed from a cloth doll’s eyes and then transplanted onto hers. 
He had never seen a woman with skin as good as Joanna’s. 
Her skin was so white that it glowed, with a delicate pink hue underneath, and it was so smooth that not even a single pore was visible. 
As a man of Frank’s status, he was naturally surrounded by beautiful women. 
He had grown up amongst them since he was young. 
Yet, he had to admit, he was stunned by the girl beside him. 
Now he gradually understood why even Ashton Heath, a man as wooden as they come, could fall for her. 
A sweet scent wafted over from time to time, lingering at the tip of his nose. 
The familiar smell reminded him of the night ten years ago. 
"Can I ask you a question?" He tried to hold back but couldn’t resist. 
Lately, he had been experiencing an inexplicable sense of unease. 
He didn’t know what was causing him to feel so restless. 
He was eager to find out whether he had made a mistake that night ten years ago.
But the more he tried to confirm and discover the truth, the more elusive the truth became. 
Joanna didn’t really want to engage with him. 
Even though he had helped her once, he still stood alongside Rebecca Kelloway and had a good relationship with her. 
Joanna didn’t want to interact with someone like that too much. 
But since he kept talking to her, it wouldn’t be very nice of her to completely ignore him. 
So she replied, "What?" 
"When you were a child, did you attend any banquets?" 
Joanna was taken aback. 
Is that the question he wanted to ask? 
Of course she had attended banquets before. 
Although the Lawrence family couldn’t be considered a wealthy family, they were fairly well-off among ordinary people before they fell from grace. 
She, as Ms. Joanna of the Lawrence family, had followed her father, Benjamin, to attend banquets on numerous occasions. 
Though she found Frank’s question rather baffling, she answered, "Yes, of course." 
Frank was silent for a moment, then asked, "... Have you ever attended the Parker family’s banquet?" 
"The Parker family?" 
Joanna turned her head with a puzzled look, glanced at him and said. 
Something seemed to be stirring in Frank’s narrow and gentle eyes. After making eye contact with her, he looked at her intently and nodded, "Yes. Have you ever attended any Parker family banquets? About ten years ago." 
"Do you still remember?" 
He thought that Joanna should be able to remember. 
At that time, she was about ten years old. 
It wasn’t an age too young. 
Seeing that he seemed very anxious, Joanna couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. Parker, what exactly do you want to ask?" 
First, he asked if she had attended any banquets, then followed up by asking if she had ever been to a Parker family banquet. 
It was so strange, what was he trying to ask? 
"Answer me first." Frank clenched his fist, feeling the sensation of nervousness for the first time in his life. 
He looked intently at Joanna: "Think carefully, about ten years ago, when you were around ten years old, did you attend a Parker family banquet? The banquet took place in the summer."
###Chapter 788: Chapter 787: He Asked Some Strange Questions
Joanna: "..." 
Her memory was not very good. 
She could not remember many things from ten years ago. 
She really wanted to say she couldn’t remember. 
But she could sense that this matter might be important to Frank. 
So she thought about it seriously before answering him, "I may not be able to answer you. Ten years ago, I had a car accident, and I forget some things from that year. I don’t remember whether I attended the banquet you mentioned." 
Frank was full of expectation, nervously waiting for her answer. 
But when he heard her answer, the anticipation in his eyes instantly turned to disappointment. 
She... didn’t remember? 
How could it be such a coincidence. 
That year, she had a car accident, and she just happened to forget the events of that year. 
Just as his heart was filled with disappointment, and his mood had fallen, a glimmer of hope suddenly ignited in his eyes. 
"What about your parents? You definitely didn’t go to the banquet alone. Since you don’t remember the events of that year, they should remember, right?" 
Joanna was a bit stunned. She paused for a few seconds before slowly nodding, "They should remember." 
"Then can you ask them if they took you to the Parker family’s banquet that year?" 
He didn’t know what had gotten into him. 
Clearly, the person that night was Rebecca Kelloway. 
Rebecca had no reason to deceive him. 
But somehow, he had suddenly become possessed by the thought that the person that night might have been someone else. 
Just because Joanna had a familiar scent, he actually thought she might be the girl who saved him that night. 
He began to doubt Rebecca. 
And before, the person he trusted the most was Rebecca. 
When did he start to become less trusting of Rebecca? 
Perhaps it was the moment he suddenly found Rebecca had changed. 
At that moment, she suddenly felt strange to him. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment and didn’t answer him right away. 
Because of the issue regarding Annie wanting to move into her mother’s bedroom, she had argued with her father last time. 
Since then, the two hadn’t been in contact. 
Seeing her hesitate, Frank immediately asked, "What’s the matter, is it not possible?" 
"It’s not that it’s not possible..." Joanna hesitated for a moment, frowning, "Mr. Parker, why don’t you just go and ask my dad directly? He and I haven’t been in touch for a while." 
"You can ask him directly, and it will be clearer." 
Frank was a smart man. 
He immediately understood the deeper meaning behind her words from her previous sentence. 
"Okay, I got it." He didn’t ask anything else, but his gaze still fell on Joanna. He hesitated for a while before asking, "Then can you tell me if you can swim at least?" 
Joanna: "...Yes." 
"Hm." Frank nodded his head. 
Joanna really couldn’t help it anymore. 
"Mr. Parker, can I know what exactly you want to ask? Whether I attended the Parker family banquet ten years ago, and whether I can swim, what does it have to do with anything?" 
Otherwise, why would he suddenly ask about these things? 
Joanna felt like he was investigating something. 
But what exactly was it, and what did it have to do with her and her past self? 
She was really curious. 
"Yes, it’s related to an incident. That incident is crucial to me, so I want to find out the truth. However, I’m sorry, I can’t tell you what it is before the truth is clarified."
###Chapter 789: Chapter 788: I’ll Give You One
"Alright." 
Joanna Lawrence was very sensible. Since it was something that couldn’t be talked about, she didn’t ask any further. 
"Have you finished asking, Mr. Parker?" Joanna picked up her sleep mask again, "If there’s nothing else, I’d like to get some sleep." 
She was holding a pink, cat-themed cartoon sleep mask. 
It looked quite cute. 
Frank Parker felt like he must be out of his mind, because he actually asked, "Where did you buy that sleep mask? It’s quite cute, I’d like to get one too." 
As soon as he finished asking, he wanted to slap himself in the face. 
Damn it, stupid! 
How could he have asked such a ridiculous question? 
What was he thinking? 
Joanna’s hand, holding the sleep mask, trembled slightly, and she couldn’t help but twitch the corners of her mouth. 
She felt that today’s Frank Parker was strange. 
He was completely different from the one she had known before. 
She found herself more used to the cold and aloof side of him. 
At least, she would think he was normal. 
But now, he... 
Made her feel a little scared. 
"I bought this sleep mask on E-Bay, you can get three for ten dollars." A few seconds later, Joanna thought for a moment, reached into her bag, and rummaged around. 
After a while, Frank saw her pull a new sleep mask out of her bag. 
It was also pink, but with a little rabbit cartoon design. 
She handed the rabbit sleep mask to him, pursing her lips and speaking with a little embarrassment, "Mr. Parker, if you like it, I’ll give you one. Just consider it as a..." 
She stopped halfway through her sentence. 
She wanted to say it was to repay him for helping her before. 
But on second thought, she felt that giving him a sleep mask worth three items for ten dollars to make up for his help would be a bit insulting. 
People like them, with so much money and power, would often snub even those who offered them money for help. 
After all, they weren’t short of money at all. 
Their agreement to help was definitely based on personal relationships. 
Her three items for ten dollars sleep mask... was indeed quite shabby. 
Just as she started to regret her decision and wanted to take the sleep mask back, she didn’t know if Frank sensed her intention to retract it, but he suddenly reached out with lightning speed, and took the sleep mask away before she could even react. 
Joanna: "..." 
Wasn’t that a bit too fast? 
"Mr. Parker, you..." Her hand was still stretched out in midair, she hadn’t yet retracted it, but the item in her hand was already gone. 
"Ahem." Frank Parker might have felt that his move just now didn’t really match his status, so he covered his mouth, coughed twice, turned his head away, and casually put the rabbit sleep mask on his eyes. 
"I happen to need a sleep mask. Although this thing is a bit effeminate, it’ll do for the time being. Thanks." 
Joanna: "..." 
He talked as if she was forcing him to use it. 
It was obviously him who snatched it just now. 
Anyway, she didn’t want to argue with him about it any longer. 
After all, it was a three-items-for-ten-dollars thing, she didn’t mind giving it away, 
Joanna was getting a bit sleepy too. 
She had stayed up late the night before with Ashton Heath, and had gotten up early in the morning; she was somewhat sleep-deprived. 
She closed her eyes, put on her sleep mask, and turned her back to Frank Parker to go to sleep. 
She was really tired, so as soon as she closed her eyes, she started to feel drowsy. 
Soon, she fell asleep.
###Chapter 790: Chapter 789: Dream World
On the other hand, Frank Parker couldn’t sleep at all. 
The little bunny eye mask was tainted with the faint, sweet scent of the girl, which kept creeping into his nostrils. 
The delicate sweet scent was like a kitten’s paw, scratching at his heart. 
Scratch by scratch, it tickled his heart. 
Only then did he realize why people say girls smell sweet.
Although he had been around many women, Frank didn’t like the perfume they wore. 
He always found it a bit pungent. 
But the sweet fragrance on Joanna didn’t irritate his nose, nor did it feel greasy – it was a scent he rather enjoyed. 
It was faint, as if it almost wasn’t there. 
He had remembered this sweet scent for ten years. 
Even after so many years, he would recognize it immediately upon smelling it. 
Suddenly, he recalled having asked Rebecca Kelloway about it before. 
Why she didn’t wear that perfume anymore. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s answer was that she didn’t like the scent anymore. 
Later on, he learned that the perfume was discontinued. 
He asked Rebecca Kelloway what brand the perfume was so he could buy a bottle. 
He really liked that sweet aroma. 
How did Rebecca Kelloway respond at that time? 
It seemed she said she had picked it up while abroad, but couldn’t remember the brand. 
Afterward, he never asked her about it again. 
Although he was a little disappointed that he couldn’t find that perfume anymore, he felt it was not important. 
The person who wore that perfume was by his side – nothing else mattered. 
Until he smelled that sweet scent from his memories again. 
Until he suddenly realized that Rebecca Kelloway might have lied to him. 
If the perfume had been discontinued long ago. 
How could he smell it on Joanna? 
If it hasn’t been discontinued, then why would Rebecca Kelloway lie to him? 
Many doubts were lodged in his heart, and he was eager for answers. 
He felt that he was getting closer and closer to the truth... 
* 
Frank Parker had a brief dream. 
He dreamt of that night ten years ago. 
In his dream, he fell into the swimming pool. Unable to swim, he choked on water, his body sank uncontrollably into the depths of the pool. 
Water seeped into his mouth and nose bit by bit. 
His breath grew more labored, as if someone were choking him, making it difficult to breathe. 
He struggled and cried for help in the water. 
But everything was quiet around him. 
Aside from his own cries for help, there was no sound. 
The cries for help he repeated again and again seemed to sink into the ocean, unheard by anyone. 
He was running out of air in his chest, and boundless darkness was creeping up on him, leaving him unable to scream anymore. 
Even though he knew it was just a dream, Frank Parker was afraid at that moment. 
The fear of death overwhelmed him. 
He wanted to cry for help, but he couldn’t make a sound anymore. 
Help, was there anyone who could save him? 
He didn’t want to die – he didn’t want to die at all. 
Tears streamed down from his eyes, he felt death drawing closer and closer. 
Just as he fell into despair and prepared to meet his end, suddenly, a white light shone in the darkness. 
He opened his eyes and saw someone swimming towards him from the white glow. 
He couldn’t see what the person looked like. 
He could only see her wearing a white dress, with long hair that swayed and swept through the water like seaweed.
###Chapter 791: Chapter 890: Found it on Joanna Lawrence
Frank Parker couldn’t help but reach out to her. 
Soon, a soft and delicate little hand grabbed his, pulling him to her side. 
His survival instincts made him cling to the girl uncontrollably, and he held her tightly in his arms. 
He smelled a sweet scent from her. 
It was like the fragrance of flowers, and also like the aroma of fruits. 
As she lifted him out of the water and swam with him towards the shore, he faintly heard the girl say something to him. 
She said: Don’t be afraid, I’ll save you, you’ll be fine. 
Perhaps it was because of this sentence that he suddenly felt at ease.
Then, feeling reassured, he allowed himself to fall unconscious. 
Later on, when he opened his eyes again, he saw Rebecca Kelloway, all wet, squatting beside him. 
Seeing him wake up, Rebecca’s tears suddenly fell, she tightly grabbed his hand and called out to him with a choked voice. 
She said: Frank, you’re finally awake. 
She also said: I was so scared, so afraid that I would lose you. 
His mind was somewhat unclear, staring at her for a while, and then, recalling the white figure in his mind, he asked hoarsely: Rebecca, did you save me? 
Rebecca did not answer him right away. 
It was someone else who answered him first. 
At that moment, he felt that Rebecca was an angel. 
She was the girl whom he should cherish for the rest of his life. 
It was a short dream. 
Quickly, Frank Parker woke up. 
He took off his eye mask, lifted his wrist and looked at the time. Only half an hour had passed since he fell asleep. 
The plane was still flying through the clouds. 
It was quiet all around, with occasional rustling sounds from the passengers flipping through magazines. 
Thinking of the dream he just had, Frank Parker looked a little bewildered and it took him a while to slowly come back to his senses. 
Everything in the dream was so real. 
Real to the extent that he seemed to have relived the fear of drowning that night ten years ago. 
In the dream, he could still feel the fear and despair from that time. 
But the girl who swam towards him from the white light gave him the hope and courage to live. 
He couldn’t describe what kind of feeling that was. 
Perhaps to others, it was simply because someone saved his life that he had feelings for his savior, and this emotion couldn’t be called true love. 
This emotion was more like gratitude. 
But he knew it best in his heart. 
The heartbeat at that moment was not a lie. 
Everyone experiences love differently, and for him, that moment of heartbeats was love. 
But there was one peculiar thing that he never understood. 
That night, he felt his heart racing for Rebecca. 
But only for that night. 
Later on, he fulfilled the promise he’d made to her, always treating her well, pampering and cherishing her, treating her as the most important woman. 
His brothers around him all thought he was madly in love with Rebecca. 
He thought so too. 
But after that night, when he saw Rebecca again, he never experienced that heartbeat feeling like he did back then. 
He was confused. 
How could he not have a racing heart for the person he loved? 
He even doubted his feelings for Rebecca, did he really like her? 
There was a rustling sound beside him, and Frank Parker turned to look at Joanna Lawrence, who was still sound asleep. His long, deep-set phoenix eyes narrowed slightly, a complex expression gathering in his gaze. 
The feelings he couldn’t find in Rebecca were found in Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 792: Chapter 790: Hello, excuse me, are you...Joanna Lawrence?
He didn’t believe much in the so-called coincidences. 
In his view, true coincidences were very rare, and if there were too many coincidences found in a person’s life, maybe, none of it was a coincidence in the first place. 
That incident ten years ago. 
He had to find out the truth... 
* 
Three hours later. 
The plane landed on time at Closia Airport. 
Joanna Lawrence also woke up just as punctually. 
She took off her eye mask, rubbed her eyes, and felt much better after getting some sleep. 
Once her phone was switched on, she received several Twitter messages from Ashton Heath and two missed calls. 
Joanna opened Twitter and saw that Ashton had sent her three messages. 
Ashton Heath: Honey, I’ve arrived at the company. 
Ashton Heath: Honey, I have to attend a meeting now. 
Ashton Heath: Honey, I just finished the meeting. Why aren’t you responding? What are you doing? 
The two missed calls were from Aria Rowlett. 
Joanna thought for a moment, then sent Aria a Twitter message: Aria, what’s up? I just landed, was on the plane before. 
After sending the message, she waited for a while, but Aria didn’t reply. 
As she opened the chat interface with Ashton and was about to reply to his messages, she suddenly felt a cold gaze on her from the side. 
She looked up and saw Frank Parker standing next to her with an unhappy expression, his eyes seemingly just moved away from her phone. 
Joanna thought that maybe he was annoyed because she was blocking the way. 
So, she immediately moved to the side and made room for him to pass. 
Unexpectedly, her action made Frank’s expression even worse, as if she had done something to anger him. His previously sullen face instantly became even more sullen. 
Joanna: "..." 
She had no idea what she had done wrong. 
Hadn’t she just stepped aside to make room already? 
Why did this man’s expression worsen even more? 
However, she didn’t give it much thought. 
In her view, Frank had always been moody. He had been fine before, even appearing quite amiable. 
It was as if his personality had changed all of a sudden. 
In the blink of an eye, he returned to the familiar demeanor she knew. 
But since she had never intended to be more than acquaintances with him, she didn’t think too much about his hot and cold behavior. 
Joanna didn’t bother with him anymore, picked up her bag, and followed the other passengers off the plane.
Frank stood in his place, his face gloomy. 
As he watched her petite figure being swallowed into the crowd, quickly disappearing from his sight, his expression became even more sullen. 
Thinking about the chat messages he had glimpsed on her phone earlier, his heart felt stifled, filled with an uncomfortable sensation. 
Even though they were just ordinary chat messages. 
* 
After disembarking the plane, Joanna followed the crowd toward the shuttle bus. 
After walking just a few steps, she heard a cautious and somewhat uncertain voice from behind: "Excuse me, are you... Joanna Lawrence?" 
It was a young girl’s voice. 
Joanna turned around with surprise, and saw a youthful face full of vitality. 
Behind her stood a little girl who was about sixteen or seventeen, with braided pigtails, a slightly chubby face, and when she smiled, her face was full of collagen protein, looking incredibly cute. 
Joanna stared at the girl for a few seconds, sure that she didn’t know her. 
She asked with confusion, "Who are you?" 
"Are you Joanna Lawrence?" The girl ignored her question, repeating what she had asked earlier, her round eyes scanning Joanna up and down as if gauging her.
###Chapter 793: Chapter 791: Can I take a photo with you?
And she was looking very carefully. 
"That’s me." Joanna Lawrence felt a little uneasy as the girl stared at her. She covered her mouth and coughed lightly before asking, "May I know who you are? Do we know each other before?" 
"Wow, you really are Joanna Lawrence." 
The girl grabbed her hand excitedly, shouting, "I’m your fan! I really like you. Wow, I can’t believe I actually met you in person! I’m so happy!" 
"Joanna, I really like you; can I take a selfie with you? Some of my classmates like you too, and I will show them the photo later so they can envy me." 
The joy on the girl’s face was apparent. 
She looked genuinely ecstatic. 
Joanna, however, was dumbfounded. 
She stared blankly at the young girl in front of her. 
Is she her fan? 
She has several million followers on her blog, so having fans wasn’t unusual. 
But this was the first time she had met a real fan, a living fan, in her life. 
It was the first time she truly felt like she had fans. 
"Can’t I?" When Joanna didn’t say anything, the girl’s elated face fell, and a hint of disappointment showed in her eyes. 
But she still let go of Joanna’s hand and said softly while biting her lip, "Okay, then. Sorry for bothering you. If we can’t take a picture together, can you at least give me an autograph?" 
Joanna stared at her for a while before finally coming back to her senses. 
Seeing the girl’s disappointed expression, she immediately grabbed her hand. With a sweet smile on her face, she said, "You want a selfie? Of course." 
"Really? Really?" The girl looked at her in surprise, eyes wide open. 
"Mhm." Joanna took the phone from her hand, switched to the Beauty Cam, and posed with the girl. "Let me hold the phone. Stand behind me; this will make your face look smaller in the photo." 
Joanna encountered her first real-life fan. 
And it was an adorable young girl. 
She did everything she could for this tiny fan, not only taking a lot of selfies with her but also giving her a big hug. 
After parting with the girl, Joanna was still a little excited and couldn’t help but post on her blog. 
Joanna Lawrence v: Suddenly, I feel like I have fans. So happy (Victory sign). 
She attached a photo of the airport. 
She originally wanted to post the selfie they had taken together, but she wasn’t sure if the girl would mind being exposed. In the end, she decided against it. 
Thanks to the two scandals, Joanna’s fan count skyrocketed to over 1.2 million. 
And all of these 1.2 million fans were genuine fans. 
She had only posted on her blog a minute ago, but there were already over a hundred comments. 
She clicked and checked it. 
She then realized that her fans had almost the same comments, complaining about the lack of a selfie. 
Among these fans, many were her "beauty filter fans" who constantly asked for selfies in the comment section. 
She herself wasn’t fond of taking selfies; aside from work-related photos, she seldom took pictures in her daily life. 
As she scrolled through her blog, she suddenly saw a fan post a photo. 
The photo showed her and the little fan from earlier taking a selfie together. 
Today also has to be beautiful: (Selfie) Joanna, tell me quickly, is that you in the selfie? Someone said there was an encounter with you at Closia airport, is that true?
###Chapter 794: Chapter 792: Personally Confronting Anti-Fans
Soon, this comment with a picture was pinned to the top by fans, becoming the number one hot comment. 
Joanna Lawrence stared at this hot comment for a few seconds when her cell phone suddenly rang. The caller ID showed it was Linda calling. 
She picked it up immediately. 
"Did you run into a fan at the airport today and even took a picture with them?" Linda asked straightforwardly. 
Joanna was momentarily taken aback. 
She had thought Linda was calling her about work-related matters. 
Unexpectedly, she was asking about this incident. 
"Yes, Linda, is there a problem?" After having already been involved in two scandals, she asked cautiously, lacking confidence. 
Though she felt that there was nothing wrong with taking a photo with a fan. 
Moreover, it was a female fan. 
However, she was scared because of the previous two scandals, fearing that she might have done something inappropriate again. 
Having asked her question, she waited nervously. 
"Just a photo with a fan, how could that be a problem. I was just asking if you saw the post your fan tagged you in? If you’ve seen it, repost it. This will help you improve your image. Although the scandals have already been resolved, there are still many people slandering you online, your public image isn’t great." 
"This incident can help you improve your public image." 
"Alright, I got it, I will repost it immediately." Joanna let out a sigh of relief. 
Fortunately, she hadn’t stirred up another trouble. 
If she caused another issue, no matter if Linda wanted to terminate the contract with her or not, she would want to terminate it out of guilt. 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna went back to the blog and searched. She quickly found the blog post from the small fan. 
The small fan’s name was Give Me a Cute Doll. 
Give Me a Cute Doll: OMG, I ran into my idol Joanna Lawrence at the airport today! She’s so down to earth, no airs at all. Not only did she let me hide behind her for the photo, making my face look smaller, but she also suggested taking a few more shots. Oh, Joanna also gave me a hug of love. Joanna smelt so good and felt so soft when I hugged her. I didn’t want to let go. Love Joanna, I want to be Joanna’s lifelong fan! 
The small fan posted four selfies of the two of them. 
Joanna glanced at the time. There was about a five-minute interval between when the small fan posted and when she did. 
The small fan’s blog post had about a thousand shares, with lots of comments praising Joanna’s looks. 
Because the small fan told everyone in the comment section that Joanna was not wearing makeup. 
The small fan also replied to other users, saying that Joanna’s skin was particularly good. She got a close look and didn’t even see a single pore, which made her so envious she wanted to cry. 
Of course, while there were those praising her, there were also those slandering her. 
A portion of the users claimed she was faking it, even speculating that the encounter was pre-arranged. 
Others said that just because she looked like she was not wearing makeup, didn’t mean she really wasn’t. If nude makeup is done well, most people cannot tell. 
The small fan got mad and immediately went to argue with them. 
But in the end, she was just a teenager. How could she argue with several anti-fans all by herself? 
These anti-fans’ mouths were dirty, and they kept calling her a sycophant to the point where she didn’t dare to reply anymore. 
Joanna had just casually browsed the comments, but seeing these anti-fans attacking her small fan, she got so angry that she didn’t think twice before stepping in to defend her. 
She used her own account to reply to one of the anti-fans: You keep calling people sycophants, what’s the matter, did you become a sycophant and feel unbalanced, so you assume everyone else is the same as you?
###Chapter 795: Chapter 793: You Did Well Today
No, dogs are adorable creatures. You, on the other hand, aren’t even qualified to be a bootlicker. 
At first, most people thought Joanna Lawrence’s reply was from a cloned account. 
Even that anti-fan thought it was a cloned account reply. 
However, when someone clicked into the account and discovered it was actually her, Joanna Lawrence’s reply quickly got upvotes to the top. 
Little fans, knowing their idol actually stepped in to defend them, excitedly sent back several crying emojis to Joanna Lawrence, claiming they were so moved that they cried. 
Other fans also praised Joanna, bragging that she did an excellent job. 
Some popcorn eaters, upon seeing Joanna Lawrence’s reply, expressed that although they were neither fans nor haters of Joanna, they just remained indifferent. But after witnessing Joanna ripping into the anti-fan, they suddenly contemplated becoming fans. 
They also claimed that Joanna Lawrence is the first idol they’ve seen who personally stands up for her fans. 
Whether she’s putting on an act to gain favor or not, such behavior surely earns sympathies. 
As a result of this confrontation, Joanna Lawrence found her fanbase had increased again. 
The rate of increase might not be very high, but there indeed is growth. 
Additionally, the comment section also blew up considerably. 
Many fans who knew about her ripping into the anti-fan expressed their pride in having such an idol. 
In the meantime, Linda gave her a call again. 
Joanna Lawrence nervously picked up. 
She was guessing that Linda certainly knew about her using her real account to rip into the anti-fan and was calling about it. 
Actually, Joanna Lawrence felt somewhat regretful, thinking she might have been overly impulsive. 
Just after two scandal incidents and coming to a halt with Maddox Allenson’s incident recently. 
She should keep a very low profile. 
But she just couldn’t help it. 
That little fan got bullied by the anti-fans only because they defended her. She couldn’t simply turn a blind eye to this. 
This isn’t her style. 
So, despite a bit of regret and fear, she’d still choose the same if given another chance. 
She couldn’t just stand by and watch her fans get bullied. 
"I’m sorry, Linda, I know I screwed up again. I’m really not a competent artist. If you’re regretting now, we can..." 
Before she could finish the word "termination of contract", Linda chuckled, "I’m not here to blame you but to praise you. Why are you apologizing to me?" 
Joanna Lawrence staggered, "Praise me?" 
"Absolutely." Linda laughed again and then said, "You did well today, handled two things right. Later, I’ll have someone make a big fuss about you standing up for your fans and take it to the hot search list." 
"However, it’s possible that we may not need to do anything at all, you might just trend by yourself. It’s not even been ten minutes and you’re already the last on today’s hot search list." 
Joanna Lawrence, who had been mentally prepared for a lecture but suddenly received praise, "..." 
"Linda, are you not mad at me?" 
"Why would I be mad at you?" 
"Don’t you think I shouldn’t have used my real account to call someone out? Isn’t that inappropriate?" 
Anyway, she knew that if other celebrities did this, their agencies would certainly not allow it. 
The more popular an artist, the more careful they need to be with their words and actions. 
Because thousands of eyes are watching you every second of the day. If you make the slightest mistake or even if you don’t do anything wrong at all, it could be amplified a thousand times and pointed out.
###Chapter 796: Chapter 794: Did They Offend the Director?
Many artists’ blogs are managed and operated by special teams. 
Joanna Lawrence’s status is not high enough to have a professional team to help her manage her blog, so she manages it herself. 
"It’s not great, but it depends on the situation. What you did today not only has no negative impact on you but also helps you to gain a lot of likability. Because you did something that will touch your fans’ hearts and easily win over onlookers." 
"Is that so?" Joanna patted her chest, relieved. 
She didn’t know the consequences before doing this. 
So actually, it was quite rash. 
But now, hearing Linda say it, it seems like she did the right thing by accident? 
"Yes, at least every comment and blog I’ve seen is praising you, saying you are genuine and your behavior in defending your fans is very heartwarming. However, you still need to be careful in the future." 
Linda praised her, but didn’t hold back on criticisms and guidance: "Next time you want to post something, ask me first. Don’t make decisions yourself. You were lucky this time, but if you’re not lucky next time, a single sentence might put you in a deadly situation." 
Joanna knew she had acted impulsively this time. 
Although it didn’t turn out bad, and even had a good reaction, it didn’t mean she was right or that she could continue doing this in the future. 
So, she humbly accepted the criticism and obediently said, "Okay, I understand. I will consult you first in the future." 
Linda finished criticizing and educating, and then wanted to hang up the phone. 
Joanna suddenly remembered something and stopped her: "Linda." 
"What’s the matter?" 
"Um, there’s something. My... The role of Female Lead 3 is gone."
"What did you say?" Linda’s volume suddenly shot up, "What happened? How could your role be gone? Did you offend the director?" 
"Uh, no, Director White said I’m quite suitable for Female Lead 1, so he asked me to challenge Female Lead 1. And then, I agreed." 
Well, Linda was her agent. 
Such a big matter, she must tell her agent. 
After Joanna finished, there was no response on the other end. 
She waited for a while, but still no response. 
"Linda?" she called out softly, "Are you still there? Did you hear what I just said?" 
First, there was a gasp, and then Linda’s voice finally came back: "You said, Gary White asked you to play Female Lead 1?" 
"Yes. I’m sorry, Linda, I agreed without consulting you first." Joanna felt that her behavior was quite disrespectful to her agent. Normally, she would need to discuss with her agent before deciding whether to accept Female Lead 1 or not. 
But at that time, she didn’t think that much. 
She was overjoyed. 
"Linda, you’re not angry, are you?" After Joanna finished speaking, she found that Linda was silent again, so she asked with some unease. 
"No." 
After a few seconds, Linda spoke again: "I’m not unhappy. I don’t even have time to be happy that you took on Female Lead 1, so why would I be mad at you? But are you sure that Gary White said he wanted you to play Female Lead 1? Has this been confirmed?" 
Lisha Alcock’s scandals were big news, and everyone in the circle knew about them. 
It wouldn’t be strange for Gary White to replace Lisha’s Female Lead 1. 
Given the circumstances, Female Lead 1 could not be played by a woman with negative scandal surrounding her.
###Chapter 797: Chapter 795: Proposing to Send Her
What surprised Linda was that Gary White had chosen Joanna Lawrence for the role of Female Lead 1. 
In fact, it was already quite good for an actress with Joanna’s reputation to play Female Lead 3 in Gary White’s TV series. 
Linda had never thought she could get Female Lead 1. 
Moreover, it was given to her by Gary White himself. 
This was just too surprising. 
She suddenly recalled the previously heard rumors; although Joanna had denied them, Gary White’s behavior might be credible after all. 
"Hmm, it’s been decided. Director White said he’d resume filming after finalizing all the actors. Linda, do you think I should take the role of Female Lead 1?" Joanna was still a bit unsure of herself. "I’m afraid I won’t do well." 
"But I don’t want to miss such a great opportunity either." 
"Since Gary White is the one who offered you this role, it means he sees potential in you. His judgment won’t be wrong." Linda thought for a moment, and continued, "He’s quite a sharp critic, and there hasn’t been anyone he couldn’t make famous if he set his mind to it. Joanna, your luck is turning for real this time. As long as Gary White supports you, you won’t have to worry about becoming a star." 
Upon saying this, Linda spoke with a sense of relief: "You’re really lucky. This is an excellent opportunity, and you must seize it. I also believe in my judgment; you won’t disappoint me." 
"Keep up the good work. I believe in you." 
After chatting with Linda, Joanna hung up the phone. 
In her heart, she felt much more at ease. 
She decided not to dwell on it anymore. Since such a great opportunity was in front of her, all she needed to do was her best. 
As for the outcome, it was out of her control. 
* 
After exiting through the VIP channel, Joanna arrived at the taxi area and was about to hail a cab when a black Maybach slowly stopped next to her. 
The person inside beeped the horn and rolled down the window. 
Joanna saw Frank Parker sitting inside. 
He raised his eyebrows at her: "Get in. Wherever you’re going, I’ll give you a ride." 
Joanna’s eyes widened, as if frightened, and she looked at him with a somewhat scared expression. 
Frank Parker was annoyed by her reaction, and his pretty face darkened: "What’s with you?" 
It was as if he was a human trafficker trying to abduct her. 
Didn’t she know how much of an honor it was to ride in his car? 
He had debated for a long time before deciding to come and find her. 
"Ahem, thank you, Mr. Parker. However, I’ve already called for a car." Joanna raised her phone and politely declined, "The driver has accepted the order and will be here soon. You can go ahead. Don’t worry about me." 
The truth was that she hadn’t called for a car yet. 
But she didn’t want Frank Parker to give her a ride at all. 
Just thinking about it felt strange. 
The man who had always treated her badly now offered to drive her voluntarily. 
Since Frank Parker’s attitude towards her had changed and was no longer so hostile, Joanna didn’t feel happy; instead, she felt a sense of unease. 
No, more accurately, it was fear. 
It always seemed that Frank Parker’s sudden change was brewing some kind of conspiracy. 
In any case, there must be some ulterior motive. 
This was the first time Frank Parker had ever voluntarily offered to give a woman a ride, only to be rejected.
It made him feel humiliated. 
His face darkened again, and for a moment he felt he couldn’t save face, so he made up an excuse: "I’m only doing this to repay you for the gift you gave me earlier."
###Chapter 798: Chapter 796: The Clichéd Incident Happened
"I was willing to give you a ride. Since you’ve already called a car, forget what I said. I’ll leave now." 
After saying this, he rolled up the window, and the next second, the black Maybach quickly drove away from Joanna. 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt like Frank was angry. 
Was it because she rejected him? 
She was getting more and more confused about this man. 
But, let him be angry. 
Anyway, she didn’t want to gain any favor from him. 
Whoever he likes. 
Ten minutes later. 
Joanna got in the car, opened Twitter, and saw that Aria still hadn’t replied to her tweet. She frowned and called Aria nervously. 
After ringing three or four times, the call went through. 
As soon as the call was connected, she asked, "Aria, where are you? What are you doing now?" 
"Uh, Baby..." Aria’s voice, tinged with a sob, came through. 
Joanna’s face changed, her heart racing: "Aria, what happened to you?"
Aria was a very strong-willed girl. 
Joanna had hardly ever seen her cry. 
So when she heard Aria sobbing, she was both shocked and worried. 
"Uh, Baby, I... I..." Aria hesitated, "I... I don’t know what to say to you. I... I just... that..." 
"What’s wrong with you?" Joanna was almost impatient. 
Aria wasn’t an indecisive person. 
She had never seen her so hesitant and stammering, taking forever to say a single sentence. 
"I don’t know what to say to you." Aria was silent for a moment and sighed, "I never thought this would happen to me. Anyway, I’ll just tell you. I... I slept with a man." 
Joanna: "!!!" 
"What did you say? Aria, you’re not joking with me, are you?" 
"How could I be joking about something like this? I... I wish it was just a joke." Aria said with sadness and regret, "It happened last night. I was bored and went to a party." 
"And then?" Joanna was utterly shocked. 
"Then I got drunk." Aria sighed, "I think my drink was spiked. My head was fuzzy and I was scared. I wanted to leave, but somehow I ended up in a dark place." 
Joanna: " ...Then what?" 
"Then I met a man there." 
"...Okay, and then what?" 
"And then I was taken away by him. I don’t remember much about what happened after that. All I know is that when I woke up, I was lying in a strange place, on a strange bed." 
"Then a man named Luke handed me a check and said their boss was very sorry for what happened but couldn’t take responsibility for me due to special reasons, so he could only compensate me with money." 
At this point, Aria suddenly laughed. 
"You know, that man was quite generous. You know how much money he gave me?" 
Before Joanna could ask her, she answered herself: "50 million dollars. That’s quite a sum, isn’t it? It seems pretty worth it to sleep for a night and get 50 million dollars." 
"I never thought my first time would be worth so much."
###Chapter 799: Chapter 797: I Didn’t Meet an Ugly Monster, Did I?
"Anyway, even though I was a bit dazed at the time, and didn’t get a good look at the guy. My gut tells me that he should be quite handsome and has a great body. I remember feeling his muscular body." 
"Aria..." 
Joanna didn’t know how to comfort Aria Rowlett. 
Any girl who experienced this kind of thing would feel heartbroken, wouldn’t they? 
Although Aria talked about it lightly, as if she didn’t care at all. 
But how could she possibly not care? 
Even though they were not those who valued their first time more than their own lives, they always wanted to give their first time to someone they loved. 
Not to a complete stranger. 
Joanna suddenly felt that she and Aria were really in the same boat. 
Because they had almost the same experience. 
Their first times were both given to unknown men. 
She couldn’t remember what the man who took her that night looked like. 
Moreover, it was funny that she was also dizzy after drinking that night and then was taken away by someone. 
She never thought that her best friend would experience the same thing as her. 
"Actually, if my first time was with a handsome, fit, and wealthy man, I don’t mind at all." Aria stayed silent for a while, and then spoke with a joking tone, "You know I’m a sucker for good looks. As long as the guy is good-looking, I don’t feel I’m losing out." 
"But, the guy last night was terrible in bed." 
Joanna: "..." 
Aria gritted her teeth and continued, "He was really hopeless. Other than using brute force, he didn’t know anything else. Dammit, I am still in so much pain. Isn’t sex supposed to be a joyful thing? Why did I feel nothing?" 
"Other than pain, it was pain. So, it must be because he was terrible in bed, right?" 
"I even suspect that he was also a virgin. If that’s the case, it doesn’t seem like I’ve been cheated too badly." 
"Aria, don’t be like that. Where are you now? I will come and find you." 
"You’re coming to find me?" Aria laughed, "Aren’t you busy filming? How can you come and find me? Nevermind, it’s not a big deal, I’m just a little bit upset. After all, I don’t even know what that guy looks like." 
"If I slept with an ugly guy, I’d be at a bigger loss." 
Joanna turned her head and looked outside the window, pondered for a moment, and decided to find Aria first. 
"Aria, I’m in Closia now. Tell me where you are and I’ll come to you right away." 
"You’re in Closia?" Aria was surprised, "Aren’t you in Frankfurt filming?" 
"Yeah, but I can’t shoot today, so I got a day off and came back." 
Aria was silent for a while, then sighed softly, "Even though I do want to see you right now. But I guess you’re back to see your heartthrob, right? I’m fine now, really, I can eat and sleep well, it doesn’t affect me at all." 
"Don’t worry about me, go and find your heartthrob. Distance makes the heart grow fonder, you two can have a nice date, and grow closer." 
"What long separation? He just left Frankfurt this morning, I’m not in a hurry to see him. And he’s busy at the company now, he has a lot of things to do. I wasn’t planning to find him at this time anyway. Now, tell me where are you? I haven’t seen you for days, I miss you so much."
###Chapter 800: Chapter 798: Ms. Kelloway, this is a new regulation
"Alright, remember that it was you who insisted on coming, not me trying to break you up." Probably because she was about to see her best friend, Aria Rowlett’s mood seemed to improve a little bit, and there was laughter in her voice. 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna Lawrence told the address to the driver and thought for a moment, then sent a Twitter message to Ashton Heath. 
* 
Heath Group Building. 
After being informed by the receptionists that she could not go upstairs without an appointment to see Ashton Heath, Rebecca Kelloway’s face turned ugly: "Do you know who I am? Do I need an appointment to see Ashton?" 
She had wanted to go directly to Ashton Heath, but someone had stopped her. 
This was the first time Rebecca Kelloway had come to Heath Group looking for Ashton Heath and been stopped by someone. 
She noticed that all the receptionists had new faces, assuming they were new here and didn’t know her nor the relationship between her and Ashton Heath. 
So, she held back her anger. 
"I’m sorry, but whoever you are, without a scheduled appointment with President Ashton, you cannot go up to see him directly." 
The receptionist looked at Rebecca Kelloway’s attire and guessed that her identity was not simple, and politely said: "Miss, if you and our President Ashton are friends, why don’t you give him a call first?" 
These receptionists really didn’t recognize Rebecca Kelloway. 
But they could tell that her status was extraordinary, so they didn’t want to offend her. 
Although the receptionist’s tone was already polite enough, Rebecca Kelloway’s face still darkened. 
The receptionist didn’t want to offend her but also had to follow the rules: "I’m really sorry, Miss. This is the Company Regulations. If we let you go upstairs like this, President Ashton would fire us. I hope you can understand." 
Though Rebecca Kelloway was very uncomfortable, she couldn’t publicly lose her temper with the receptionist. 
This would affect her image. 
She took a deep breath, suppressed her anger, and maintained her poised and elegant demeanor, nodding, "Fine, I’ll call him." 
She took out her phone and was about to dial Ashton Heath’s number when she saw Cody Aberton walking in from outside. 
Following him were a few people who seemed to be clients he was entertaining. 
Seeing Cody Aberton, Rebecca Kelloway’s face lit up with joy, and she put away her phone, walking towards Cody: "Cody." 
"Huh, Ms. Kelloway." 
Cody Aberton saw her, stopped, and looked somewhat surprised: "Ms. Kelloway, what brings you here?" 
Rebecca Kelloway was still a bit angry about the receptionist stopping her, and her tone wasn’t very good: "I’m here to see Ashton. But someone stopped me. Cody, has it become so difficult to see Ashton now that even I have to make an appointment in advance?" 
"I’ve never needed an appointment when I came before." 
"Oh, I see. Ms. Kelloway, this is a new regulation recently issued. President Ashton has indeed stipulated that except for his family, including Ms. Joanna, anyone who wants to see him at the company must first make an appointment with him." 
"So, don’t blame the receptionist. They are just following President Ashton’s orders." 
Cody Aberton had a smile on his face, but inside he sneered. 
He thought to himself, now that President Ashton had people watching you, do you think your relationship with him would be the same as before?
Rebecca Kelloway’s face was already somewhat ugly to begin with. 
After hearing Cody Aberton’s words, her facial expression stiffened for a moment. 
A few seconds later, she tugged at the corner of her stiff lips, as if grinding her teeth to say, "Is that so? Now it’s stipulated like this. Even we friends have to make an appointment to see him?"
###Chapter 801: Chapter 799: It’s Impossible for Him Not to See Her
"In principle, yes." Cody Aberton smiled politely, "Ms. Kelloway can call President Ashton before coming, and he will notify me. I will then inform the receptionists, and Ms. Kelloway can go straight up to see him." 
Rebecca Kelloway took a deep breath and forced a smile, "Do I need to make an appointment with him now before I go up?" 
"Or how about I call President Ashton for you?" Cody Aberton looked at Rebecca’s clearly angry but trying to hold it together expression, feeling both annoyed by her and sympathetic. 
Actually, if it weren’t for his involvement with Ms. Joanna, he thought that Rebecca could be a pretty good choice for President Ashton. 
The Kelloway and Heath families match in social and economic status, and Rebecca had known President Ashton for so many years. 
Plus, she was the only girl who had ever been around President Ashton since their childhood. 
If it weren’t for Ms. Joanna’s appearance, Rebecca would most likely be the one to marry him in the end. 
Having unrequited love for over twenty years, only to watch helplessly as the man she loved married another woman. 
It’s quite pitiful. 
But a smart person would know to maintain a distance post-marriage. 
They shouldn’t hold onto any unrealistic ideas. 
Rebecca Kelloway should have been a smart woman. 
But somehow, her feelings had caused her to be irrational. 
All the things she’s doing now are gradually eroding the friendship she and President Ashton have built over the years. 
Especially since the things she’s done are targeting Ms. Joanna. 
President Ashton, who is very protective of Ms. Joanna, probably won’t tolerate Rebecca. 
If she backs off now, everything will still be okay in the end. 
If she keeps going like this, she might end up as a stranger to President Ashton. 
Sighing inwardly, Cody passed out his phone, walked aside, and called Ashton Heath. 
After the call was connected, he respectfully said, "President Ashton, I met Ms. Kelloway in the hall, and she says she has something to talk to you about. Will you meet her or not?" 
Cody initially thought Ashton Heath would refuse. 
Last time, President Ashton told him not to let random people come up and look for him anymore. 
That person he was talking about was Rebecca Kelloway, right? 
Unexpectedly, he heard Ashton say to let Rebecca come up. 
Cody was so surprised that he asked again uncertainly, "You mean let Ms. Kelloway go upstairs?" 
After receiving a positive answer again, he couldn’t quite grasp what Ashton Heath was thinking. 
However, he knew that any decision made by President Ashton could not be wrong. 
Since he was letting Rebecca come up, there must be a reason for it. 
Cody put away his phone, walked back to Rebecca, and smiled at her, "Ms. Kelloway, you can come up with me. President Ashton’s meeting will be over shortly, so you can see him just in time." 
When Rebecca heard Cody say she could go up with him, a hint of a smile appeared on her face. 
She knew she still held a unique position in Ashton Heath’s life. 
There was no way he could refuse to see her. 
She tightened her grip on the insulation container in her hand and smiled at Cody, "Alright, I’ll wait for him to come out so he can drink some of the soup I made. It will help nourish his spirit." 
"Uh..." Cody’s lips twitched as he looked down and noticed for the first time the thermos bottle in Rebecca’s hand. 
He hesitated for a few seconds before asking, "Ms. Kelloway, you made soup for President Ashton?" 
"Yes." Rebecca smiled brightly, "I cooked it myself, and it took me several hours. Ginseng Chicken Stew, it’s most nourishing for the spirit. Seeing that Ashton has been in meetings for so long, he must be very tired now. There’s nothing better than drinking this soup I made."
###Chapter 802: Chapter 800: A Bit Too Difficult to Look At
Cody Aberton: "..." 
Is this a question of whether it’s suitable to drink? 
He really wanted to say: Ms. Kelloway, President Ashton is already married. If he wants to drink soup, Ms. Joanna is there to make it for him. It’s not that appropriate for a friend like you to make these things, right? 
Anyway, he was sure that President Ashton would definitely not drink it. 
Last time Rebecca Kelloway brought some food, President Ashton didn’t even take a glance at it. 
"Heh, Ms. Kelloway is really thoughtful." 
"I should be." Rebecca Kelloway seemed not to hear the sarcasm in Cody Aberton’s tone, hooking her lips, "As long as Ashton is happy, I don’t mind cooking every day. I feel happy to do something for him." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
You don’t mind. 
But it’s a big deal for President Ashton and Ms. Joanna, okay?! 
What’s going on with you cooking and bringing food to a married man every day? 
Don’t you all think it’s inappropriate?! 
* 
At the door of the President’s office. 
Cody Aberton knocked on the door, and after getting permission from inside, he opened the door. 
He went in first, then looked at Rebecca Kelloway, who was following him, coughed and then said, "President Ashton, Ms. Kelloway is here." 
Ashton Heath was sitting at the black desk. 
His fingers were tapping quickly on the keyboard, not even bothering to look up, as he gave a light response: "Mm." 
"Well, Ms. Kelloway, you can sit down." 
Cody Aberton pointed to the sofa nearby, about to turn and leave, when he heard Ashton Heath calling for him, "Book a suitable restaurant for a date tonight, and yes, book a bouquet of pink roses for me. Don’t need to prepare too many, 99 are enough." 
Rebecca Kelloway had just sat down. 
Hearing Ashton Heath’s words, her figure stiffened. 
If she wasn’t mistaken. 
Just now, she heard Ashton Heath ask Cody Aberton to book a restaurant suitable for dating. 
Of course, a date wouldn’t be with a male client. 
So the person he was going to meet must be a woman. 
He also asked Cody Aberton to book flowers... 
Which woman could make him take it so seriously? 
As that name came up in her heart, her face darkened uncontrollably. 
Cody Aberton glanced at her, thought for a moment, and then smiled, asking, "Is President Ashton going to have a date with Ms. Joanna?" 
"What do you think?" Ashton Heath said indifferently, "Isn’t it obvious? Other than my wife Ms. Joanna, who else could I date?" 
"Right, right, you’re right. It’s a stupid question that came out of my mouth. I was just curious when Ms. Joanna was coming back. I’ll book the restaurant and the flowers right away. Don’t worry, President Ashton, I’ll make sure everything is perfect so you and Ms. Joanna can have a romantic and sweet date." 
After Cody Aberton finished speaking, he looked at Rebecca Kelloway again. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face had already turned as black as a Fondue Base. 
She was clearly upset. 
Cody Aberton instantly felt satisfied, as he had said those words just now to provoke Rebecca Kelloway on purpose. 
She knew that President Ashton was married and had a wife. 
Yet she was still clinging onto President Ashton like this. 
It really looked too bad. 
Even he, as an assistant, couldn’t stand it. 
He had a good impression of Rebecca Kelloway at first, thinking she was a well-educated, beautiful, and well-mannered great beauty. 
But then again, no matter how great a beauty is, once she starts having ulterior motives, he won’t find her that attractive anymore. 
Especially since Rebecca Kelloway wanted to destroy the relationship between President Ashton and Ms. Joanna. 
That was even more intolerable to him. 
President Ashton and Ms. Joanna are so loving and get along so well, it’s not something she could easily destroy. 
He suspected that the reason President Ashton let her come up in the first place was definitely not to reminisce. 
President Ashton must have noticed her intentions as well.
###Chapter 803: Chapter 801: Have You Said Enough?
* 
Cody Aberton quickly turned and left. 
When only Rebecca Kelloway and Ashton Heath were left alone in the office, Rebecca couldn’t help but feel a little restless. 
She sat and waited for a while. 
After waiting for almost ten minutes, seeing that Ashton was still staring at the computer screen and hadn’t even looked at her as if he hadn’t noticed her existence, she couldn’t stand it any longer. 
"Ashton." 
She called him softly, her eyes filled with a touch of grievance, "Are you very busy? So busy that you don’t even have time to talk to me? Why are you ignoring me? Did I do something wrong to upset you?" 
It was as if Ashton had only just realized there was another person in the office. 
He finally looked away from the computer screen and raised his head to look at Rebecca. 
His gaze was cold and indifferent. 
Rebecca was startled but quickly calmed herself down. She called softly again, "Ashton, are you very tired? I made some soup for you. Would you like to have some? I simmered it for over four hours. It’s very flavorful." 
As she spoke, she got up and opened the thermos on the coffee table, pouring out half a bowl of soup. 
As she carried the soup and was about to walk towards Ashton, she heard him say coldly, "I only drink the soup made by my wife. You can keep this soup for yourself." 
Rebecca’s footsteps halted. 
She tightened her fingers, and her facial expression stiffened. 
Ashton glanced at her, then lowered his head and continued dealing with his work. "Besides, given our relationship, it’s not appropriate for you to do these things. Rebecca, I’ve told you many times, I’m married." 
"Even if our relationship was good in the past, we should maintain a certain distance now. I don’t want my wife to be jealous and misunderstand. So, don’t do things like this anymore." 
Rebecca held on to the edge of the porcelain bowl, her fingers tightening, turning her knuckles white. 
"Can’t I just care about you as a friend?" She bit her lip, tears gathering in her eyes, her voice choking, "Are we not even friends after you get married? In the past, I never..." 
"I’ve said it before, the past is the past, now is now. When I wasn’t married, it was fine for you to do whatever you wanted while I was single. But now I’m married, I have a wife, and I care about her. I don’t want her to misunderstand our relationship, nor do I want her to be unhappy because of us." 
"So, her feelings are more important than anyone else’s or anything else?" Rebecca couldn’t help but growl, tears uncontrollably falling on her face, "Ashton, how long have we known each other and how long have you known her? We were the most important person in each other’s hearts. But now, it’s her. Do you really like her, love her? Can you really tell if your feelings for her are based on her specialness to you?" 
"If she didn’t have those special qualities, would you still like her?" 
"I know the reason you married her is that she can cure your illness. Otherwise, how could you have a flash marriage with a woman? But this is not real love at all..." 
"Have you said enough?" 
Ashton raised his head, his eyes devoid of warmth as he looked at her. 
Rebecca was stunned, shivering under his icy gaze, feeling a chill run up her spine.
###Chapter 804: Chapter 802: Rebecca Kelloway, are you trying to ruin her?
"Ashton, I..." 
"So, this is your reason for scheming behind her back and framing her?" Ashton Heath’s voice became even colder and more indifferent. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes widened suddenly, a hint of astonishment and panic flashing through them. Her hands trembled, almost knocking the porcelain bowl in her hands to the floor. 
"Ashton, what are you talking about?" She averted her gaze after a few flickers, looking away guiltily and not daring to meet his eyes. 
Impossible. 
How could Ashton Heath know? 
He couldn’t possibly know. 
Was he talking about that incident, or was he just testing her? 
Rebecca Kelloway’s heart raced for a few seconds before she forced herself to calm down. 
Ashton Heath sneered, "You know exactly what I’m talking about. Do you know why I agreed to see you today? Rebecca, I won’t force you to like her if you don’t, that’s your freedom. But if you think about harming her, I cannot just stand by and do nothing." 
"Ashton, I... I didn’t do anything." 
Rebecca Kelloway wasn’t sure if Ashton Heath was testing her or if he had really found something out. 
She hid the panic in her eyes and feigned confusion, trying her best to stay calm: "Ashton, what are you talking about? I don’t understand. Joanna and I have no grudges against each other. I admit that I don’t particularly like her, but I don’t hate her either." 
"What reason do I have to harm her?" 
"Is it because of her scandal that you suspect me? Do you think I’m the one who hired people to set her up? Ashton, it’s not fair for you to treat me like this." 
"Not fair to you?" 
Ashton Heath seemed to have heard a funny joke, his deep, profound eyes narrowing, a hint of menace flashing in them: "You think I’m wronging you? Do you think I would just randomly suspect you without investigating first?" 
"You had the online trolls company spread negative comments and posts to slander her, framing her as the other woman in someone else’s relationship. You knew full well that she’s an artist working in the entertainment industry, where public opinion matters a lot, yet you did this." 
"Rebecca, you want to ruin her." 
"You do such outrageous things to my wife, do you think I would just stand by and not even bother investigating? Do you think I would meet with you without solid evidence?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s expression slowly cracked. 
She hurriedly said, "Ashton, it wasn’t me." 
"The traced IP address came from the Kelloway family. Who else could it be?" Ashton Heath’s gaze was utterly cold, without a shred of warmth. "I’ve already warned you not to harbor any ill intentions towards her. Otherwise, no matter who you are, I won’t be polite." 
"It seems that you didn’t take my warning seriously. Instead, you became even more aggressive." 
"Do you think I really won’t take action against you?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s face changed abruptly. She looked into those cold, black eyes and felt a sudden surge of fear. 
It was precisely because she had known Ashton Heath for many years. 
That’s why she knew his methods. 
He was a ruthless man, and he was utterly cold and heartless to those he didn’t care about. 
She had always relied on their long-standing friendship, convinced that he wouldn’t really do anything to her. 
Even if he married another woman, she still believed that she held a certain place in his heart. 
It was precisely because she was sure that she had a certain level of importance in his heart that she dared to target Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 805: Chapter 803: I Have Loved You for So Many Years
Before she did anything, she always anticipated the worst outcome. 
She was certain that even if Ashton Heath discovered the truth, he wouldn’t really do anything to her. 
They shared a relationship of over twenty years. 
And there were ties between the Heath family and the Kelloway family too. 
No matter what, the consequences wouldn’t be too severe. 
At worst, he might just be angry for a while. 
He couldn’t possibly break ties with her over these things, could he? 
But now, she wasn’t so certain anymore. 
She bit her lip, her voice trembling, "Ashton, I, I didn’t do it on purpose. I was just too... too jealous of her. I allowed my jealousy to cloud my judgment, and that’s why I showed such irrational behavior." 
"I didn’t really intend to ruin her." 
"I just couldn’t stand her, didn’t want her to lead such a smooth life." 
"Why, why did I stay by your side for over twenty years, yet I couldn’t be with you. But her, she just recently came into your life, she knows less than a tenth of what I know about you, yet she can become your lifelong wife, she can forever stay by your side. You treat her so well, spoil her so much." 
"Why?!" 
As Rebecca Kelloway spoke, she could no longer control her feelings of injustice and resentment, bellowing out, "Just because she can cure your illness? Just because of her so-called special qualities? Ashton, do you really like her?" 
"If she didn’t possess these exceptional qualities, would you still marry her? I don’t think so." 
"You have never experienced any romantic relationships, so you mistake this type of feeling for love. You think you like her, so you treat her well, protect and spoil her, but this isn’t what you truly feel for her." 
"I really hate the fact that she could win your affections without any effort. Why her!" 
"If she couldn’t cure your illness, there would be no way for you and her to cross paths in this lifetime. But it’s different for me, we have known each other since we were kids, we have been there for each other since childhood, everyone around us believed we should be together." 
"If it wasn’t for Joanna Lawrence’s sudden appearance, I should have been your wife. Ashton, I can’t bear it. I’ve loved you for so many years, now I’m supposed to readily give you up to someone else, I really can’t bear it." 
By the end of it, Rebecca Kelloway was already sobbing uncontrollably, tears streaming down her face. 
She wept, covering her face, "Do you know, I’ve loved you for so, so many years. From the moment I saw you, I fell for you. Throughout these years, besides you, there’s been no one else in my heart." 
"Everyone advises me to let go of you, saying you’re already married and I shouldn’t cling on to you anymore. I want to, but I really can’t." 
Because, she truly, truly loved him. 
He was her entire world. 
If she lost him, her world would collapse. 
Then what was the point of her life? 
What she wanted more than anything was to marry him, to become his wife. 
But he married another woman, allowing another woman to become his wife. 
What about her? 
What should she do? 
Everyone’s telling her to let go, but how could she after more than twenty years of feelings. 
That would undoubtedly rip her heart out. 
Could a person survive without a heart? 
So unless she dies, she would never be able to let go of him in this lifetime. 
Ashton Heath heard her out with an impassive face, revealing no emotion. 
It was as if, he was just listening to a matter completely unrelated to him.
###Chapter 806: Chapter 804: To cut ties with her, for that woman.
Rebecca Kelloway watched his cold demeanor, and a moment of heart-wrenching pain prompted her to laugh. "I’ve always thought that after all these years of acquaintance, you’ve treated me differently from others. Regardless, I thought I held a certain position in your heart." 
"Even if you don’t love me, but I am special to you," she reasoned. 
"Now it seems, I was wrong." 
Tears continuously rolled down her cheeks, wetting her face and smearing her makeup. 
She was always a person who cared about her image, but at this moment, she allowed her makeup to be ruined. "In your eyes, am I not even a good friend?" 
He had never been this cold towards any of his friends. 
Yet, he was completely cold towards her. 
Was it because of Joanna Lawrence? 
Unable to hold back, Rebecca sneered again: "Joanna Lawrence is truly lucky. Without any effort, she can win your heart. And my over twenty years of companionship and waiting have become nothing but a funny joke. No, it should be a tragic and laughable joke." 
Having said what should and shouldn’t have been said, she no longer cared about the consequences. She lifted her teary eyes, mixed with love and hate, and looked at him: "Yes, I masterminded that incident. I hired people from Online Trolls Company to smear her." 
"Ashton, are you going to severe our relationship because of this?" 
"Or, do you want to retaliate against me on behalf of Joanna Lawrence?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her indifferently: "After what you did to my wife, it’s impossible for us to remain friends. I would show mercy to my friends, but not to strangers." 
"Leave. This is the last time." 
"Rebecca Kelloway, from now on, we are strangers. If you take any action that will harm her again, I will return it to you ten or even hundred times over. This is my last warning to you. I advise you not to involve the entire Kelloway family because of your actions." 
Rebecca slowly lifted her head, looking at him incredulously: "You want to severe ties with me? Just because I had someone smear Joanna Lawrence once, you want to sever ties with me? She’s perfectly fine now, Ashton Heath, are you really going to be so heartless?" 
"What do you mean by what you just said? What are you going to do to our family?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her coldly: "Don’t force me to be utterly heartless to you. There is nothing more to discuss between us, you can leave now." 
"Don’t come looking for me in the future. I will not meet you again." 
After speaking, he turned around and walked back to his office desk, pressing the internal line on his telephone: "Cody Aberton, escort Ms. Kelloway out." 
Rebecca Kelloway stood stunned on the spot. 
Her face bore an expression of disbelief. 
It felt as if her heart had been ripped open, the intense pain radiating from it made her face turn pale in an instant. 
He was actually willing to sever their relationship for that woman. 
He even spoke of taking action against the Kelloway family. 
Suddenly, she found this man in front of her to be utterly unfamiliar. 
He was not the Ashton Heath she had known for over twenty years. 
The Ashton Heath she knew, would never be this heartless. 
Even if he wasn’t particularly good to her, he never would have been so cold and ruthless. 
Just for a woman named Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 807: Chapter 805: You Will Be Afraid Too
He could be so heartless and cruel to her. 
"Ashton Heath, is it because of Joanna Lawrence that you can abandon anyone?" Rebecca Kelloway couldn’t help but yell, "You’re so good to her and consider her so important, but have you ever thought that in her heart, you might mean nothing." 
"You like her, but does she like you? She has an ex-fiance with whom she shared ten years of emotions. That’s the person she really loves and cares about. No matter how good you are to her, can you compare with their ten years together?" 
"She just broke up with her fiance, and now she’s marrying you. Haven’t you ever thought that she might be with you only to heal her wounds? I arranged the online trolls to badmouth her before, but the fact that her ex-fiance tried to reconcile with her openly wasn’t something I fabricated." 
"Maybe she refused him on the surface but was actually moved. If her ex-fiance asks her a few more times, she might agree." 
Seeing Ashton Heath’s face growing darker and darker, a sense of pleasure welled up in Rebecca’s heart.
The pleasure of revenge. 
He caused her so much pain. 
She wouldn’t let him get away with it either. 
She wanted him to taste what it’s like to be jealous of someone. 
She wanted him to experience the feeling of fear of losing someone he cared about. 
Even if he couldn’t fully feel her pain, experiencing just one-tenth of it would be enough. 
"When a woman has loved a man deeply, it’s hard for her to have feelings for another man. Just like me, hahaha, haven’t there been other men who have tried to woo me all these years? Yet that place in my heart has been filled, and there’s no room for anyone else." 
"Ashton Heath, do you really think that Joanna Lawrence can completely let go of her ex? I’m telling you, that’s impossible." 
"You care about her and are afraid of losing her, aren’t you? But did you know that the more you care about and love someone, in the end, the more distant that person will become from you?" 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips, anger flaring in his eyes: "Have you said enough?" 
"Hahaha, it seems like you’re quite angry? Ashton Heath, I didn’t know you had fears too. Could it be that you’ve thought about what I just said too? That’s why you’re so scared?" 
"Are you also worried that Joanna Lawrence will get back together with her ex-fiance?" 
Seeing the anger and forbearance on the man’s face in front of her, Rebecca Kelloway felt incredibly satisfied. 
She could sense Ashton Heath’s fear. 
She thought it was both gratifying and ridiculous, even pathetic. 
They had known each other for so many years since childhood, and she had never seen him afraid of anything. 
But now, he was actually scared. 
Ha! Because of what she had just said, because she said that Joanna Lawrence would reconcile with David Benington and leave him, this fearless man was actually afraid. 
How ridiculous! 
It’s just a woman. 
She had him completely bewitched. 
She used to think he was different from other men. 
Turns out, he’s just a regular man who can be seduced by beauty. 
There’s nothing special about him. 
With a "click," the door opens. 
At this moment, Cody Aberton enters the room, pushing the door. 
As soon as he walked into the office, he sensed something was wrong. He glanced at Rebecca Kelloway, whose eyes were red and swollen from crying, and at his boss, who was frowning. Hesitantly, he called out, "President Ashton." 
Ashton Heath turned around, his icy voice filled with restrained anger: "Take her out."
###Chapter 808: Chapter 806: Will Your Husband Have Any ions?
"Yes." 
Cody Aberton sensed Ashton Heath’s anger, and dared not delay. He immediately turned around and said to Rebecca Kelloway, "Miss Kelloway, please go." 
Rebecca wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, raised her head, and looked at Ashton Heath with a hint of a smile. "Alright, I’ll go. I’ll leave right away. I know that now you have only Joanna in your heart, and my staying here would only be an eyesore. Ashton, although you’ve given up on me, your place in my heart will never change." 
"I believe that time will prove everything. You’ll know who was truly sincere to you in the end." 
After saying that, Rebecca turned around and left the office first. 
Cody stood still for two seconds before remembering to follow her out. 
Not long after the two left, 
The secretary outside heard a series of crashes from inside the president’s office. 
They looked at each other and couldn’t help but feel a little afraid. 
What had Miss Kelloway and their President Ashton talked about in the office? 
Why did Miss Kelloway’s eyes look swollen when she came out of the office, clearly having cried a lot? 
Did she find out President Ashton has a girlfriend? 
And became heartbroken over it? 
* 
After arriving at the Heart Fondue Restaurant, Joanna walked into the hall and saw Aria Rowlett sitting alone at a table, dipping a piece of Crispy Tripe Delight into the fondue while holding a bottle of beer. 
She was dipping the tripe and drinking at the same time. 
It seemed that she was enjoying herself even when dining alone. 
Joanna stood at the door for a few seconds, then quickly walked over to her. 
"Baby, you’re here so soon? Boss, please bring another set of bowl and fork." Seeing Joanna, Aria was delighted, and her eyes narrowed as she smiled. 
She patted the seat next to her, "Baby, sit here next to me. I’m here, side by side. Sigh, you’ve only been gone for a few days, but why do I miss you so much? It feels like I haven’t seen you in years." 
The restaurant had long benches. 
Joanna walked over and sat next to Aria on the same bench. 
As soon as she settled down, Aria put down her fork, turned around, and hugged her tightly. 
"Baby, do you know? I really missed you today, really wanted to see you, and then you actually returned to Closia. Hahaha, can you eavesdrop on what I’m thinking?" 
Joanna also hugged her back and said with a smile, "Then we must be in sync, as I was also really eager to see you today, so I came back. Besides, how can I miss out on fondue?" 
Aria didn’t say anything, but just hugged her tightly. After a few seconds, she slowly let go of her embrace. 
The boss brought an empty bowl. 
Joanna mixed the sauce to her usual liking, and Aria placed the freshly cooked Crispy Tripe Delight in her bowl with a smile, "You came straight to me after arriving in Closia. Won’t your husband mind?" 
"Although I really wanted to see you, if this causes trouble between you and your husband, I would feel guilty." 
This restaurant’s Crispy Tripe Delight was exceptional. 
Every time Joanna came, she would order two servings. 
Aria knew her favorite was this, so she dipped it directly into Joanna’s bowl after it was cooked. 
The tripe was cooked just right, with Joanna taking a bite of it dipped in sauce. It was crispy and very delicious. 
After she finished, she dipped another piece into the pot while looking at Aria picking up the beer again. She frowned and reached out to stop her, "Aria, didn’t you say you drank too much last night? Why are you drinking again?"
###Chapter 809: Chapter 807: Remember Our Promise
"Don’t drink anymore." 
"Last night was last night." Aria Rowlett brushed her hand away gently, took a big swig, and said with a grin, "Don’t worry, it’s just a little beer, it’s fine. It’s no fun to eat fondue without a little drink." 
"Do you want to drink some?" 
Joanna Lawrence had a very low alcohol tolerance. 
Drinking beer, she could be out after just two glasses. 
So she usually doesn’t drink. 
But today... 
She thought about it and nodded, "Okay, I’ll drink some with you." 
"Are you sure?" Aria raised an eyebrow at her, "You’re not afraid of getting drunk?" 
"With you, I have nothing to be afraid of." Joanna pursed her lips, took out an empty glass, "Pour me a glass. I’ll accompany you for one, one glass of wine ... I should be fine." 
"Alright." 
Aria poured more than half a glass of beer into her glass and clinked it with hers, "Anyway, even if you get drunk, it doesn’t matter. I’ll call your heartthrob to pick you up. You two can even have a nice drunken romance." 
A black line appeared on Joanna’s forehead. 
She pretended to be angry and glared at Aria, "Can’t you be serious for once?" 
The two talked and ate together. 
Joanna talked about her life in Frankfurt over the past few days, while Aria talked about her job search. 
Although Aria studied performance, she did not plan to enter the acting profession in the future. 
Her dream was to follow in Gary White’s footsteps and become a famous director, creating films she loved and supporting the talents she valued. 
She and Joanna had agreed that, once Aria became a famous director, Joanna would be her Female Lead 1. 
Both of them tacitly avoided mentioning Aria’s encounter with that man last night. 
As Joanna mentioned that Gary White had given her the role of Female Lead 1, Aria was both surprised and delighted, "Really? So, Baby, you’re the Female Lead 1 now?" 
"Yeah." 
Speaking of this matter, Joanna was still very happy and couldn’t help taking a sip of wine, "The pressure is quite big, anyway. But I’ll do my best to play this role well and not let Mr. White and Linda down." 
"Especially Mr. White. Choosing me as Female Lead 1 must have been quite a risk for him. Anyway, I can’t tarnish his reputation." 
"Huh." 
Aria’s eyes shifted. 
"What’s the matter?" Joanna blinked. 
"Your relationship with Mr. White seems to be very good," Aria said with a smile, "You even have such a nickname for him. How is it? Was I right? Mr. White is a very nice person and easy to get along with." 
"Moreover, he chose you for the role of Female Lead 1 because he must have thought you were very suitable. So, you have to have more confidence in yourself. Mr. White is very good at sizing people up. If he thinks you’re suitable, you’re definitely suitable." 
"In the past, many inexperienced newcomers held important roles in his hands and were promoted by him. Anyway, Baby, I think you’ll be famous soon. I never thought you’d achieve what we agreed upon so quickly." 
"Anyway, remember our agreement. No matter how famous you become in the future, you still owe me a Female Lead 1 role in a film. Don’t ignore me just because you become a famous star." 
"Of course not." 
Joanna patted her chest, "We’re best friends for life. If you need anything in the future, just let me know. Not to mention one film, I’ll be there for as many as you need."
###Chapter 810: Chapter 808: 50 Million Dollars Compensation
"Sisters are the best." 
Aria Rowlett sighed softly, put down her fork, and the smile on her face faded considerably. 
She tilted her head back and finished the remaining beer in one gulp. 
"Baby, let me ask you something." 
"Hmm, go ahead." 
Aria rubbed her brow, frowned in silence for a moment, and then asked, "If I told you that I accepted that check, would you think... that I’m very greedy?" 
"Should I have torn up the check in front of him and told him not to trample on my dignity with a check? Actually, I did think about doing that at the time, but then I thought, why shouldn’t I accept it?" 
"He dared to send it, why shouldn’t I dare to accept it? Just to show off that I’m proud and have self-esteem, I should reject 50 million dollars when it’s offered to me? That would be stupid." 
"Anyway, I probably won’t see him again after this. Since he felt guilty and willing to make amends, I’ll accept the money. To be honest, there will be plenty of times when I’ll need money in the future. With that 50 million dollars, I can solve a lot of problems." 
"Besides, I’m trying to raise funds for a script right now, and I’m short of money. His money came just in time." 
Joanna Lawrence listened to her and thought for a moment, "If it were me..." 
"Hmm, what would you do?" Aria stared at her intently. 
Joanna thought for a moment and then honestly said, "I would also take the money." 
Tearing up checks is something that only happens in stories about overbearing CEOs. 
Who could withstand the temptation of 50 million dollars? 
Especially when it’s offered to you on a silver platter. 
Only a fool would reject this huge sum of money for the sake of so-called dignity. 
However, the man who had a one-night stand with Aria last night must have a very complicated identity. 
There aren’t many people who can give 50 million dollars at a time. 
For a casual fling like theirs, even if an ordinary man was willing to compensate, giving several hundred thousand dollars would already be incredible. 
million dollars... 
Indeed, it’s a huge sum. 
Although you can’t tell much just by looking at the money. 
But the fact that the man was willing to give Aria so much money should mean he likes her a bit. 
Or at the very least, he was very satisfied with her. 
But he didn’t even show his face, letting his assistant bring the money, obviously not wanting Aria to know his identity. 
Or perhaps, once she saw him, Aria would know who he was. 
So Joanna guessed that maybe she knew the man too. 
Perhaps he was a well-known figure. 
"Do you really think so?" Aria seemed to have put down some psychological burden, and her face looked better than before. 
"Yes," Joanna nodded, "50 million dollars, not 5,000. I think no ordinary person can resist this temptation. After all, like you said, he gave it willingly, so why not take it?" 
"Yeah, that’s what I thought too." 
Aria’s smile returned to her face, "So I accepted it without hesitation. Hahaha, do you know what kind of expression Luke had on his face at the time? I think he thought I’d be angry and refuse. But in the end, I happily accepted the money." 
"Anyway, his face turned black all of a sudden." 
Joanna tried to imagine the scene and couldn’t help but laugh. 
"I think Luke must have read too many overbearing CEO novels, otherwise, why would he think you would refuse the money?"
###Chapter 811: Chapter 809: A Mysterious Man
"Who knows?" Aria shrugs, "Anyway, after I accepted the money, his face hasn’t looked so good. But, I don’t care what he thinks of me, there won’t be any connection between us in the future." 
"..." 
"I checked, and the check is real." Aria props her chin and blinks her eyes, clicking her tongue in admiration, "That man, he’s really rich, and he’s quite generous to women. You think, is he so generous to every woman who sleeps with him?" 
"Gives 50 million dollars for sleeping once, do you think he’ll go bankrupt quickly from that?" 
Joanna: "..." 
"Didn’t you say that it should have been his first time?" 
Joanna and Aria haven’t known each other for the longest time. 
But they know each other the best. 
So Joanna hears that even though Aria is teasing, she is still very concerned about last night’s affair. 
Even though she usually looks careless, like she doesn’t care about anything. 
But, which girl wouldn’t care about her first time at all? 
She acts like she doesn’t care about the man last night, not curious at all. 
But actually, her heart is still very curious, huh? 
Wants to know who that man is. 
Just like she also wants to know who that man was that night, 
It feels terrible to be slept with for no reason and not even know who the other person is. 
"I’m just guessing, who knows if he is or not." Aria snorts softly, "But, if he’s not a first-timer, then his technique is really horrible. A man with experience wouldn’t be so bad." 
"You know, that beast tortured me all night long. Besides pain, I didn’t feel anything else." 
Aria says with a face of disgust, "And I think I said something like his technique was so bad, and as a result, that beast tormented me even more. His skills were so terrible, yet he still had the nerve to ask me if it felt good." 
Joanna: "..." 
Though she also has had that kind of experience. 
However, listening to Aria talk so openly, she still couldn’t help but blush. 
"Baby, I want to ask you something." Aria suddenly leans in closer and lowers her voice, "When you and the heartthrob, you know... did it for the first time... did it hurt the whole time?" 
"Huh?" 
Why suddenly ask about her? 
Joanna’s face turns hot, she purses her lips, hesitatingly saying, "This... " 
She is still not used to sharing this kind of stuff with her best friend. 
"Just tell me. I want to know if my experience last night was normal, or if that man’s technique is simply too bad." 
"Uh, well, at first, it hurts. But later..." 
"What later?" Aria leans in even closer, her face full of curiosity. 
Joanna puckers her lips, holding back shyness, whispers, "Later, it won’t hurt that much." 
"Really?" Aria frowns, "But why was I in pain the whole time? Seems like that man’s skills are indeed terrible. No wonder he’s too afraid to see me, probably because he feels too embarrassed." 
"Aria, did you... buy emergency contraception?" Joanna suddenly remembers an important matter. 
"What kind of medicine?" Aria looks confused. 
Joanna’s face turns serious, "Emergency contraception. Did you guys... use protection last night?" 
Aria widens her eyes and looks up at her. 
"He seems like... he didn’t use protection."
###Chapter 812: Chapter 810: Never Seen a Woman Who Loves Money So Much
"Did you take the medicine?" 
"...No." 
Joanna Lawrence immediately called the Boss to check out. After settling the bill, she quickly left the Heart Fondue Restaurant with Aria Rowlett: "We need to go buy emergency contraception now." 
* 
In a private mansion. 
A man standing by the floor-to-ceiling window was wrapped in a black robe, with a tall and erect figure, his stance like a pine tree. Just by a glimpse of his silhouette, could attract people’s attention. 
Outside the window, there was a large green lawn. 
And two French plane trees blocking most of the sunlight. 
He held a cup of coffee in his hand. The freshly brewed coffee emitted a wisp of white mist, which stuck to the lenses of his glasses on his nose, making his vision a bit blurry.
He took off his glasses and handed them to a maid beside him. 
Footsteps sounded behind him. 
Approaching him and then slowing down. 
"Minister." A respectful voice sounded behind him. 
Brandon Heath slowly turned around, hiding the confusion in his eyes, looking at the person in front of him, and said coldly, "How did it go?" 
Luke hesitated, his facial expression a bit difficult to describe: "As per your instructions, Minister, I gave her the check." 
"Hmm." Brandon Heath nodded, hesitated for a few seconds, and then asked, "What about her... Did she say anything? How is her condition? Is she okay?" 
Thinking of the scene where the woman quickly took the check away, Luke couldn’t help but snort coldly through his nose. 
Brandon Heath raised his eyebrows slightly: "What’s the matter?" 
"Minister, you know that woman, she..." Luke frowned, with a look of disgust on his face, "I didn’t think she would take the check so easily. But she took it so quickly." 
"I’ve never seen a woman who loves money so much." 
"You don’t know, at first when I gave her the check, she didn’t take it. But when I told her there were 50 million dollars in the check, she immediately took it away. Her hands moved so fast it seemed like she was afraid I would change my mind." 
"I’ve seen some money-loving women. But this is the first time I’ve seen a woman who loves money so blatantly." 
"You were still worried that she would be heartbroken. You’re completely overthinking it. I think she was in a great mood after receiving the 50 million dollars." 
"In just one night, she made a fortune just by sleeping with you. She must be over the moon." Luke said with disdain in his eyes, "I think she might have pretended to be drunk last night and got drugged to approach you." 
"How come she came so conveniently when you were drugged and needed a woman?" 
"Minister, I think we should investigate that woman. Maybe this drug incident has something to do with her." Luke clenched his fists, full of anger. 
Although that sum of money was originally prepared by the Minister himself for her. 
Even if she wanted it in her heart, she should at least pretend on the surface. 
Furthermore, he thought the Minister had given her too much. 
She was just an ordinary woman. She wasn’t worth 50 million dollars. 
If it wasn’t for the urgency of the situation, he could have easily found a good man for the Minister in any aspect. 
It wouldn’t have cost that 50 million dollars. 
Although that sum of money meant nothing to the Minister, was it worth it for that kind of woman?! 
Humph, even 500 thousand dollars would be too much for her.
###Chapter 813: Chapter 811: Once I have her, she’ll be considered my woman
Just as Luke finished speaking, Brandon Heath’s face darkened: "I know the situation best. It was my fault for touching her first. Last night... she was a victim. I will not allow you to be so impolite to her again." 
"But Minister, she..." 
"Luke, I don’t want to repeat myself." Brandon Heath’s voice lowered, "Regardless, since I’ve taken her, she’s now my woman. Try being impolite to my woman again and see what happens." 
A look of surprise appeared on Luke’s face. He hesitated for a few seconds before wisely closing his mouth. 
This is bad. 
Looking at the Minister’s reaction, could it be that he’s taken a fancy to that gold-digger from last night? 
Well, he admitted that the woman was quite attractive and had a nice figure. 
Her looks could be considered excellent. 
But so what if she’s pretty? 
With the Minister’s status, would he lack beautiful women? 
So, the Minister’s protection of her must not be because of her appearance. 
Could it be... because he slept with her? 
Luke felt this was a more likely possibility. 
After all, the Minister was almost thirty and still a virgin; he had only just lost his virginity last night. 
So, the woman who took his virginity and gave him her first time must have made a deep impression on him, and felt different, right? 
Although men don’t value their first time as much as women do, it still holds a unique significance for them. 
They often have a lasting impression of the woman who took their virginity. 
No matter how powerful and incredible the Minister was, he was still a man with normal physiological and psychological desires. 
So... 
But Luke felt it was such a pity for the Minister. 
Why would he care for a money-loving woman like her? 
"That sum of money was given to her voluntarily, and it’s what she deserves. Under normal circumstances, I should take responsibility for her since I took her innocence. So... consider that money as compensation for her," 
"Anyway, it should be enough to make her life comfortable." 
"Minister is right," no matter how dissatisfied Luke was with the woman from last night, he dared not show it anymore. 
The Minister had said that she was his woman. 
He repeatedly challenged the Minister’s woman. Was he seeking death? 
Brandon Heath lowered his eyes, and the sultry and enchanting scenes from last night reappeared in his mind. 
His heartbeat, which had always maintained a steady rhythm, sped up once again. 
Last night he was drugged, but that didn’t mean he was unconscious and couldn’t remember anything. 
In fact, he remembered many things quite clearly. 
For the first time in his life, he felt that having a good memory was not always a good thing. 
The consequence of remembering last night’s events too vividly was that he couldn’t focus on work for the entire day today. 
The woman’s shadow would keep jumping into his mind from time to time. 
It disrupted his thoughts and prevented him from working normally. 
This was a situation he had never encountered before. 
Even the calm and wise Brandon Heath didn’t know what to do. 
"Minister, I know you see that woman from last night... that young lady in a special light, and I also believe that what happened to you last night probably has nothing to do with her. However, just to be safe and for insurance purposes, I think we should still investigate her." 
"Firstly, if the investigation finds that last night’s incident is unrelated to her, then that would be the best outcome. If it turns out that she is involved, we can start by investigating her to find out who is the mastermind behind the scenes."
###Chapter 814: Chapter 812: Spectral Confusion
Seeing the emotionless stare from Brandon Heath, Luke quickly explained: "I’m not doubting her. It’s just that everyone who appeared at your side last night should be investigated thoroughly; we’ve always done it this way." 
He emphasized that they had always done so. 
He implied to Brandon Heath that he shouldn’t play favorites just because he had slept with this person. 
He shouldn’t blindly trust her. 
That wasn’t how Brandon used to behave! 
Brandon Heath naturally understood his implications. He stared at him for a while, then responded in a quiet tone, "Alright, go ahead and investigate." 
Luke heaved a sigh of relief. 
Luckily, the Minister was rational and wasn’t bewitched by beauty. 
"Well, Minister, I will just..." 
Brandon Heath slightly lifted his drooping glance and said with a furrowed brow: "She might be uncomfortable after last night... Go find her." 
Luke was surprised: "Minister, are you asking about the lady from last night? Why should I find her...intending to do what?" 
He had already paid her off. 
From now on, it’s severed ties; no further interaction! 
Why should he look for her again? 
"Hmm. When you find her, ask her if there’s anything else she wants." 
Luke: "" 
What did he mean? 
They had already given $50 million! 
And now they’re asking if she wants anything else? 
Are they wanting to keep on giving? 
No way. 
Could they have developed feelings for her after just one night? 
"Minister, are you planning to continue compensating her?" 
Brandon Heath narrowed his cold eyes, stayed silent for a while, then nodded, "I feel guilty. Only by giving her more compensation will I not feel as bad for what I did." 
"But Minister, you have already given her $50 million. That’s a ton of money, enough for an ordinary person to live comfortably for a lifetime. I believe there’s no need for further compensation." 
Compensating such a greedy woman was simply unjustifiable! 
He’d rather donate that money to impoverished areas. 
"Just go if I ask you to," Brandon Heath snappishly replied, "Stop talking nonsense. It seems like you have issues with her, don’t you?" 
"...No." 
Luke quickly denied: "I’m just thinking $50 million is quite a lot. If you keep compensating, she might get the wrong idea, like your money is easy to take. She will likely take advantage." 
If it were anyone else, Luke wouldn’t be so worried. 
But that woman from last night... 
She was so greedy, and if they proposed compensation again, she would definitely demand more. 
"Even if she takes advantage, she would take from me. What are you worried about?" Brandon Heath said coldly, "No matter how much she demands, I can afford it. I hope she takes more, actually. That way, I’ll feel better." 
Luke: "..." 
It’s over, it’s over. 
The Minister must have been bewitched by that gold-digger. 
How could he get so taken in? 
If he hadn’t heard it himself, he would never believe that kind of lunatic talk would come out of the Minister’s mouth. 
To know he’s being taken advantage of and still hope for it? 
Even finding it more comforting to be at a loss? 
He simply couldn’t understand that mindset. 
He thought, perhaps last night’s sleep...made the Minister a fool. 
"What are you waiting for? Go now."
###Chapter 815: Chapter 813: Your eyes are almost glued to someone else’s body.
Brandon Heath glanced distastefully at his subordinate, thinking of his just now’s attitude, his eyes chilled, and he seriously reminded, "Remember to be polite to her." 
"... I understand, Minister." 
* 
When Luke found Aria Rowlett, she and Joanna Lawrence had just walked out of the pharmacy. 
Luke rolled down the car’s window and greeted her, his gaze casually glanced at the medicine box she was holding, then he saw a box of emergency contraceptive in her hand. 
Upon seeing this, Luke’s face instantly turned pale. 
Emergency contraceptive? 
Did the Minister fail to take precautions last night? 
But if he didn’t take precautions, why didn’t he mention it to him? 
Isn’t he afraid of getting her pregnant? 
When that happens, things will get complicated. 
What if the woman hides and has the baby, and then uses the child to blackmail him in the future? 
Such a thing is highly likely to happen. 
After all, the Minister is aiming for the presidency. 
Having an unwed child would undoubtedly be a stain on his reputation. 
Luckily, the woman was sensible enough to buy pills. 
If she were some woman thinking of climbing the ladder by having his child, it would be dangerous. 
Because of the emergency contraceptive, Luke’s impression of Aria Rowlett improved a bit. 
Even though she was a gold digger, she hadn’t reached a point of no redemption.
As people got closer, Luke honked the horn and when Aria saw him, he took out his car keys, got up and existed the car. 
With a ’click’, he closed the car door after getting out, and leisurely walked towards Aria. 
"Miss Aria, we meet again." 
Luke glanced at Joanna Lawrence, who was accompanying Aria, and his gaze lingered on her face for a few seconds longer, a trace of astonishment flashing in his eyes. 
"What are you looking at?" 
Luke found Aria Rowlett unpleasing to the eye. 
Similarly, Aria also didn’t like him. 
When she spoke to him, her tone was naturally unpleasant: "Look at your lecherous face. My sister is already taken. Don’t even think about making a move on her." 
Luke was so frustrated that he couldn’t help but twist his mouth: "You woman..." 
He was ready to argue with Aria, but suddenly remembered Brandon’s order. He swallowed back his words, turning his anger into a cold humph, "Appreciating beauty is a natural human inclination. Miss Aria, you’re thinking too much." 
"Ha ha ha, is that what you call appreciation?" Aria didn’t hold back her sarcasm, "You’re practically gluing your eyes to her." 
"You woman..." 
Luke took a deep breath and clenched his fist: "Never mind, I won’t stoop to your level. Do you have some time now? We need to talk." 
"Talk?" 
Aria looked at him curiously: "What do we need to talk about?" 
Could it be his master regretted and wanted to take back the 50 million dollars? 
At this thought, Aria’s face abruptly changed, hostility flashed in her eyes: "If you want to take the cheque back, sorry, we have nothing to discuss. What’s given to me is mine. I won’t return it." 
Luke: "..." 
He knew it, this woman was greedy! 
Look at her greedy face! 
Besides being good-looking, what else was good about her?
###Chapter 816: Chapter 814: Good Looks but Nothing More
How could the Minister actually be interested in such a woman who has nothing but beauty?! 
When did he become so superficial? 
"Ms. Aria, I’m not here to ask for the check back." Luke struggled to suppress his anger and urge to curse hiding in his heart. 
He has always been a gentleman when dealing with women. 
This is the first woman who made him unable to control his emotions and even want to curse. 
Because he thinks this woman is just too weird. 
But she had extremely good luck, stumbling upon such a good thing last night. 
If she didn’t intentionally plan it for that morning, then she must have incredibly good luck indeed. 
Many women admire their Minister, but they can only look at him from a distance and dare not approach him a step closer. 
Because the Minister is like a lofty god, giving people a feeling of being inviolable from a distance. 
A man like him is clearly not easily influenced by women’s charms. 
But who would have thought? 
The Minister lost his virginity of nearly thirty years in such a situation last night. 
And it was to such a woman! 
He felt it was a complete waste for the Minister. 
"Not here for the check?" When Aria Rowlett heard that he was not here for the check, her face improved slightly, but she still didn’t give him a good look. She coldly said, "What are you here for then? Didn’t you say that after taking the money, we should not have any contact anymore?" 
Luke grind his teeth: "My master asked me to see Ms. Aria. Are there any other requirements? As long as they are not excessive, he can satisfy you." 
The last sentence was added by Luke himself. 
Brandon Heath did not say anything like that. 
Luke was afraid that Aria Rowlett would take shameless advantage. Although the Minister has a lot of money, he shouldn’t be tossing it at this kind of woman. 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t help but feel a little surprised. 
After a few seconds of hesitation, she frowned and said, "Hasn’t he already given the money?" 
Luke: "...Yes. But my master is kind-hearted and still feels guilty for Ms. Aria, so he hopes you can mention some other requirements that he will try his best to satisfy. Think about it, Ms. Aria. Is there anything else you need?" 
"Of course, my master’s capabilities are also limited. So it’s better for everyone if Ms. Aria’s requirements are as reasonable as possible." 
Aria Rowlett fell silent. 
Luke waited for a while but didn’t hear her response. His brow furrowed: "Ms. Aria, have you made up your mind?" 
Aria Rowlett looked up: "No need, I don’t want anything. Also, is your master so ugly that he can’t show his face? Why can’t he come and talk to me himself? Why does he always need his assistant to relay the message?" 
"What did you say? My master is not ugly at all. He’s handsome, attractive, and admired by many women." As soon as Luke heard someone saying that Brandon Heath was ugly, he frowned, appearing quite upset. 
Even as a man, he thought his master’s face was stunning. 
This gold-digger actually dared to call the Minister ugly!
This is completely intolerable! 
"Hmph." Aria Rowlett sneered disdainfully, "Cut it out already. If he doesn’t even dare to show his face, what else could he be besides an ugly monster? As for last night’s incident... there’s nothing for him to be guilty about since, after all, he didn’t force me.
###Chapter 817: Chapter 815: After this, don’t come looking for me again.
"I’ll take the check, but as for the rest, forget it. You can go back and tell him not to feel sorry for me. Although his skills were terrible and I found the experience extremely disappointing, I won’t hold it against him considering the 50 million dollars." 
"From now on, let’s go our separate ways and be strangers." 
"Cough, cough, cough." Luke’s eyes widened, and a fierce cough made his face turn red. 
He stared at Aria Rowlett incredulously, as if she were some kind of monster. 
In fact, in Luke’s mind, Aria was not much different from a monster at the moment.
He had never seen a woman who could bring up such a private matter in public. 
And she acted like it was no big deal. 
As if they were discussing the weather. 
Moreover, it was unbearable and too much for her to say the Minister’s skills were terrible! 
Well, it was the Minister’s first time last night. 
It’s natural for a man to perform poorly during his first time due to inexperience. 
But how could she just say it out loud? 
She didn’t give any face to the Minister at all. 
"Ms. Aria, I think it’s a bit inappropriate for you to say that," Luke said, his mouth crooked with anger. "How can you just... say such private matters? You’re going too far by defaming our master like this." 
"The master has been good to you, too. Do you think you’d get 50 million dollars if it were someone else?" 
Aria’s face, which initially held a hint of a smile, turned serious at these words, and her eyes darkened. 
Luke, seemingly oblivious, continued angrily, "And he wants to give you even more compensation now. The master has been so kind to you, yet you defame him like this. It’s really too much." 
"Do you know who our master is? Do you know how many women want to be in his bed? Do you know what kind of luck you had last night? Hmph, let me tell you, if it were just an accident, that’s one thing. But if I find out you deliberately approached the master, don’t blame me for not being polite." 
As long as they could prove that she did it intentionally. 
Even if the master genuinely had feelings for this woman, he wouldn’t hold back. 
Ensuring the master’s safety was the most important task for him. 
Everything else was unimportant. 
He had to deal with any threat to the master’s safety. 
Listening to Luke’s threatening words, Aria couldn’t help but laugh: "Oh, I’m curious to know how you’ll be impolite? And just how distinguished is your master’s identity? Let me tell you, what other women do is their business. I’m not interested in your master at all." 
"With such terrible skills and so many women still wanting to get into his bed? Haha, are you sure you’re telling the truth?" 
"I have no time or patience to argue with you anymore. If his skills are bad, they’re bad. Am I not allowed to say it? He knows in his heart whether I’ve defamed him." 
"I don’t want to have anything to do with you guys anymore. Don’t come looking for me again." 
After saying this, Aria Rowlett turned around and left with Joanna Lawrence. 
"Aria Rowlett, you stay right there! Who did you just call ’glasses,’ you impolite, uneducated, shameless woman?" 
Although Aria had already walked some distance away, she could still hear Luke’s angry "roar" from behind.
###Chapter 818: Chapter 816: That Man Isn’t a Good Person Either
She pursed her lips and couldn’t help but chuckle coldly, "Like master, like servant. That man doesn’t seem like a good person either." 
Joanna Lawrence turned her head and glanced at Luke, who was still standing in place, glaring at them angrily. After pondering for a moment, she said, "I think that man’s character isn’t too bad either." 
In fact, the 50 million dollars compensation was really quite a lot. 
And he even called his subordinate over to try and give Aria Rowlett additional compensation. 
It shows that the man still had a sense of responsibility. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone to such lengths. 
Aria Rowlett widened her eyes, as if she’d heard something unbelievable, "Baby, you’re actually standing up for that man? How is his character not bad? Did you hear what that bastard just said? Maybe that’s what he meant." 
"Saying that he wants to continue to compensate me, in reality, he’s trying to probe me and my intentions." 
"Probe you for what?" 
"Of course, he’s afraid I won’t be satisfied with 50 million dollars and will want other things from him." 
"I don’t think he meant that," Joanna considered seriously before saying, "You don’t know who he is, or how to contact him, how can you ask him for other things?" 
Aria Rowlett was stunned, and her eyebrows furrowed without a word. 
"So, I think he simply feels guilty and sorry for you. This man... his true nature isn’t bad." 
As for the issue of responsibility- 
Joanna actually felt that as long as it wasn’t forced, it would be normal for the other party to not want to take responsibility. 
After all, there is no emotional foundation between them. 
What happened last night was just an accident. 
And considering Aria’s character- 
Even if that man wanted to take responsibility last night, would she let him? 
"Maybe." Aria shrugged nonchalantly after a moment’s silence, "But it doesn’t matter how he is anymore. What happened last night, I’ll treat it as a dream. Let’s not talk about him anymore. Baby, isn’t it time for you to find your heartthrob?" 
Joanna looked at her worriedly, "And you?" 
Aria seemed fine now, but that was just on the surface. 
"I’m going back to sleep." Aria said, yawning, "I’m so sleepy right now, I don’t want to go anywhere but to sleep. Don’t worry about me, just go find Ashton, have a sweet date tonight and enjoy your couple time." 
"I’ll fly to Frankfurt to visit you on the weekend in a few days." 
"Are you really...okay?" Joanna looked uneasy. 
"What could be wrong with me? Do I look like there’s something wrong with me? Now I’m suddenly a tens of millions dollars’ worth heiress, I couldn’t be happier! Alright, alright, I’m seriously fine. It’s just a one-night stand. I’m not one of those women who place great importance on their first time and would die over losing it." 
She patted Joanna on the shoulder, "Relax, let’s call a car and go." 
After hesitating for a moment, Joanna nodded lightly, "Alright, call me if you need anything. And don’t forget to take that medication." 
"Mm, I know." 
* 
Each of them called a car, and only after Joanna watched Aria get in her car and leave did she turn around and get into her own. 
As soon as she got into the car, Ashton Heath’s call came through.
###Chapter 819: Chapter 817: She thinks her husband is really handsome
She picked up the call. 
The man’s deep, magnetic voice came through: "Back in Closia? Where are you now? I’ll have Cody Aberton pick you up." 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned: "How did you know I’m back?" 
A low, seductive laughter came again: "Your fans posted on their blog that they saw you at Closia Airport. You came back without telling me in advance - were you planning a surprise for me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She had almost forgotten about it. 
No wonder he knew she was back. 
It turned out he had seen her fans’ blog post. 
"Where are you?" Ashton Heath asked her again, "Why didn’t you come to me as soon as you came back? Where did you go?" 
"Something happened to Aria, so I went to be with her first. I just got in a taxi and I’m coming to see you now." Joanna had planned a surprise for him, but now it couldn’t happen. 
Ashton Heath’s deep voice carried a slight surprise: "Aria Rowlett? What happened to her?" 
Joanna Lawrence fell silent for a moment: "Well, it’s not convenient to talk about it now. Let me tell you all about it when I get there." 
"Alright, give me a call when you’re almost here, and I’ll come down to meet you." 
"You’re coming down to meet me?" 
"Yeah, what’s wrong?" 
"Nothing, it’s just that you used to send Cody Aberton down." 
"Mmm, I just really miss you today and want to see you sooner." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh softly: "Mr. Ashton, we just parted this morning. Aren’t you exaggerating a bit?" 
Ashton Heath spoke in a serious tone: "Yes, we parted this morning. But it’s been almost ten hours since, and for me, I wish my baby could be with me every minute, every second. Missing you after being apart for so long is something very normal, isn’t it?" 
"...Alright." 
Even after being flirted with by Ashton Heath so many times, Joanna still couldn’t resist. A few sweet nothings from him could make her heart flutter uncontrollably. 
* 
Twenty minutes later, the taxi stopped at Heath Group. 
After getting off the car, Joanna entered the lobby. 
As soon as she entered the lobby, she saw the elevator doors open in front of her and Ashton Heath, dressed in black shirt and pants, walked out. 
Even though this man was already her husband. 
Even though she was quite familiar with him. 
Every time she saw him, Joanna Lawrence still felt her heart race. 
Her gaze fell on his handsome face with its deep and dimensional contours, and as he took step after step towards her, her heartbeat accelerated uncontrollably. 
She thought that her husband was really handsome. 
How could he... be this handsome. 
That face, that physique, could kill any young idols in the entertainment industry. 
If he didn’t want to be a company president, he definitely could rely on his looks to make a living. 
And this handsome man was now her husband. 
In her heart, she secretly rejoiced for a while, feeling like she had found a treasure. 
Just as she was smitten with Ashton Heath, the other female employees in the lobby were also sneaking peeks at their boss. Even Joanna couldn’t resist Ashton’s charm and became infatuated with him, let alone others. 
Female employees blushed and their hearts raced, their eyes filled with a spring-like aura. The moment Ashton Heath stepped out of the elevator, they couldn’t help but straighten their chests, sweep their hair back with their hands, and purse their lips into a sweet smile. 
Wanting to display their most beautiful side. 
Although they had heard that President Ashton recently got a girlfriend and was very affectionate towards her, they still couldn’t help but to show off themselves.
###Chapter 820: Chapter 818: What are you doing? You’re not allowed to kiss me in public in the future.
But as long as he’s not married, they still have a chance. 
Moreover, President Ashton was once known for not being close to women. Now that he’s willing to have a girlfriend, does that mean he’s changed? 
Has he begun to take interest in the opposite sex? 
Therefore, they still have a chance. 
What if? 
If an exceptional man like President Ashton fancied them, even if they couldn’t marry into the Heath family, just merely dating such a man would be a lifetime memory. 
And, President Ashton is incredibly wealthy. 
Even if they broke up, he would surely provide a generous compensation. 
Anyway, they wouldn’t lose in any situation. 
With this mindset, the female employees’ smiles brightened by a few degrees, and their voices sounded much sweeter than usual as Ashton Heath passed by them: "Good afternoon, President Ashton." 
Ashton Heath did not pay attention to their greetings and went straight to Joanna Lawrence, who was sitting in the break area. 
The gazes of the female employees followed him, only to see President Ashton, the man of their dreams, approaching a woman in a white dress and gently patting her head. 
The gesture was very affectionate and gentle. 
A warmth and fondness they had never seen before. 
The sight rendered the group somewhat dumbfounded, sparking hushed whispers among them. 
"Who is that woman? I noticed her earlier, she’s quite pretty. She looks rather young though, and President Ashton seems to treat her exceptionally. Could she be President Ashton’s sister?" 
"No way, I’ve never heard President Ashton has a sister." 
"Is that President Ashton’s girlfriend? Didn’t it say that President Ashton has a girlfriend whom he brought to the company before?" 
"Yes, that’s indeed President Ashton’s girlfriend. She has visited the company twice before, so I’ve seen her. President Ashton does spoil his girlfriend quite a lot: I heard that he had his secretary prepare lots of snacks in his office before she arrived." 
"Wow, who would have thought? I assumed a man like President Ashton wouldn’t know how to pamper a woman." 
"How is that possible? Even the most rigid and indifferent man will change in the face of a woman he fancies. There’s no man who doesn’t know how to pamper a woman, they just haven’t met the one they want to spoil." 
The female employees got increasingly chatty. 
On the other side. 
"How long have you been waiting?" Ashton Heath reached out for Joanna Lawrence’s hand and led her slowly out of the break area. 
The man intertwined his fingers with hers tightly. 
From the moment his gaze fell onto her, it never moved away; as if there was only her in his sight. 
"I just arrived." 
Joanna Lawrence felt the stare of the surrounding employees and blushed. She bit her lips and whispered, "Aren’t you busy?" 
"Busy." 
Ashton Heath crooked his lips: "No matter how busy I am, when my wife arrives, I must come to greet you." 
With a sweet smile, Joanna Lawrence replied, "Am I holding up your work then? Actually, I could go up myself." 
"Work is never as important as my wife." Ashton Heath led her into the elevator and after pressing the button for the floor, he lifted her chin, gently kissed her on her lips with a low voice, "Wife is my first priority, everything else is secondary." 
The elevator doors hadn’t fully closed. 
When Joanna Lawrence turned her head, she saw the employees outside stretching their necks to watch them. 
Feeling embarrassed, she turned red, lightly hitting his chest twice, "What are you doing? Don’t dare to kiss me in public in the future." 
"Baby, we’re in an elevator."
###Chapter 821: Chapter 819: Kissing His Girlfriend in the Elevator
"That’s not acceptable either. The elevator door hasn’t closed yet; people will see." 
Ashton Heath lightly hooked his lips, watching her delicate little face blush a crimson hue. He couldn’t help but lower his head again to kiss her: "So what if they see? We are legally married, what’s wrong with being affectionate?" 
"Um, Ashton Heath, you... " 
Joanna Lawrence’s protest was stifled by the man’s deepening kiss. 
Until the elevator door closed. 
All the female employees who had just witnessed this scene were in an uproar. 
"Did you see that? President Ashton just kissed his girlfriend in the elevator!" 
"I saw it too. My gosh, I never thought President Ashton, who looks so aloof and detached, would be so proactive and enthusiastic. The way he kissed his girlfriend just now was so tantalizing, she must be the luckiest girl in the world." 
"Any woman being kissed by President Ashton would be over the moon happy." 
"I think President Ashton’s girlfriend is prettier than Ms. Kelloway, what do you guys think?" 
"Both are pretty, just different types. But President Ashton’s girlfriend looks innocent and pure, which seems to be men’s favorite." 
"Not just men, even I like her. She’s so fair and beautiful, her features are so striking, and she looks like a fairy in that white dress." 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence walked out of the elevator, her face was red, and her lips were too. 
The man beside her wrapped his arm confidently around her waist, possessively taking her into the office. 
Upon entering the office, he closed the door and then led her to the sofa. 
"You can play for a while. I can finish work in two hours, and then I’ll take you out for something delicious. By the way, if you’re hungry, there are some snacks on the table; not sure what you like, so I bought a bit of everything." 
"If you don’t like any of these, I’ll send someone to buy something else." 
As Joanna Lawrence lowered her head, she saw a variety of snacks on the coffee table. 
All the types that girls tend to like. 
There were also various fruits and pastries. 
She felt as if Ashton Heath was fattening her up like a pig. 
Heaven knows how she could finish all that. 
She knew he was busy with work, so she nodded and said, "Alright, you should focus on work now." 
For the rest of the time, the two of them barely interacted. 
Ashton Heath was working diligently. 
Joanna Lawrence was seriously reading the script.
Her role had changed, becoming more challenging. The Female Lead 1’s character was completely different from hers, and perfecting this role would be rather difficult for Joanna. 
Joanna was absorbed in the script. 
When her phone suddenly vibrated, she got a slight scare. 
Seeing that it was Linda who called, she answered immediately. 
As soon as she picked up, Linda’s voice came through: "Joanna, how come there are rumors about you and Frank Parker again? What’s going on? What’s your relationship with Mr. Parker? Didn’t you say you didn’t know him?" 
Joanna was taken aback for a moment. 
"Frank Parker?" 
As she uttered this name in confusion, the man in front of her, entirely focused on flipping through documents, paused for a moment and looked up at her. 
Linda asked, "Did you fly back on the same flight with him today?" 
"Yes." 
"And you sat next to him?" 
Joanna: "...Yes." 
"So, was that a coincidence or?"
###Chapter 822: Chapter 820: Thinking of a Certain Vinegar Jar, Suddenly Feeling a Bit Overwhelmed
"It’s a coincidence." Joanna Lawrence immediately clarified, "I didn’t know he was on that flight, let alone that he was sitting next to me." 
Linda was silent for a while, then said, "I believe you, it’s just a coincidence. But now, someone took pictures of you two together, and even captured many interactions between you. Mr. Parker’s public clarification on your Blog has already made many people suspicious about your relationship." 
"This time, they photographed you on the same flight, with your seats coincidentally being next to each other." Linda paused, then continued after a few seconds, "The photos were posted on the Blog. Now, netizens on the Blog are discussing your relationship with Mr. Parker." 
"Originally, public opinion was starting to move in a positive direction. But now, with the scandal about you and Mr. Parker, public opinion has turned against you again." Linda sighed, "There have been too many scandals about you lately, and though they’ve all been clarified as having nothing to do with you, people can’t help but feel that your team is intentionally hyping you up." 
"And we found out that there has been a group of anti-fans constantly badmouthing you. As soon as you appear in the news, they immediately take action, attacking you in various comment sections and stirring up trouble." 
"For this incident, we don’t know whether the person who posted on the Blog is a genuine netizen or someone with ulterior motives. Think carefully, who have you offended?" 
Joanna Lawrence was dumbstruck for a while. 
Who had she offended? 
She had never actively offended anyone. 
But every time she didn’t actively look for trouble, trouble still found her. 
If she had to say who she had offended. 
She felt there were many people. 
The person who could afford to hire online trolls to discredit her must be financially capable. 
She thought about it and came up with three names. 
Annie Lawrence, Rebecca Kelloway, Lisha Alcock. 
These were the most likely candidates. 
Among them, Rebecca Kelloway and Annie Lawrence were the most likely suspects. 
Lisha Alcock was currently dealing with her own scandals and could hardly save herself, let alone have the energy to deal with her. 
After pondering for a while, Joanna had some clues. 
"Linda, do I need to make a clarification on the Blog about this issue?" Joanna was incredibly frustrated by the recent scandals, one after another. 
Who could have imagined? 
Just by taking the same flight as Frank Parker, she could be photographed and involved in a scandal. 
"Not for now." Linda thought for a moment, then said, "Let those anti-fans continue to jump around for now, so we can find out where they came from. The scandal this time involves Mr. Parker, and although it has a negative impact on you, it’s not entirely without benefits." 
"Benefits?" 
Joanna couldn’t understand what benefits a scandal between her and Frank Parker could bring. 
"Yes, you’ve had a scandal with Mr. Parker before, and with this scandal happening again, many people will think that you have a close relationship with Mr. Parker. In the future, no one would dare to mess with you casually. This can help avoid a lot of trouble." 
Linda’s words were subtle, but Joanna quickly understood. 
Linda was referring to the unspoken rules in the entertainment circle. 
Once she was linked to Frank Parker, many people would become wary and wouldn’t dare to mess with her. 
For her, this was indeed a good thing. 
Just that... 
As Joanna thought of a certain jealous character, she suddenly felt a headache coming.
###Chapter 823: Chapter 821: You’ve Never Given Me Anything
If he saw the gossip about her and Frank Parker, she would have to explain and coax him again for a long time. 
They chatted for a few more moments before hanging up the phone. 
Just as she hung up, a voice conveying no discernible emotion sounded at the same time: "Your agent called you? I just heard you mention Sean Parker. Is there something related to him?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked up holding her phone. 
She wanted to say it was nothing, but thinking that the rumors had definitely spread like wildfire, it would be worse if she didn’t tell him the truth now, and he found out later. 
After hesitating for a few seconds, she recounted everything about the situation in detail. 
"Anyway, it’s just a coincidence that he and I will be on the same flight. Don’t believe any of the hyped-up things, they’re all fake." 
Ashton Heath listened, his expression unchanging. 
He picked up his phone, logged into his blog, and searched for the gossip between Joanna and Frank Parker. 
After roughly reading through the content of the gossip, he closed his phone. 
The man looked up, his handsome face expressionless as he spoke, his voice a bit cold: "What’s the deal with the eye mask?" 
"Huh?" Joanna was taken aback. 
Ashton pursed his lips, furrowed his brows and looked at her with a touch of displeasure for a few seconds before speaking: "You gave him an eye mask? I thought you and Frank didn’t get along. Why would you give him a gift?" 
What’s even more irritating is that he had just taken a look. 
The eye mask worn by Frank Parker and the one Joanna wore were both pink. 
One was a little bunny, and the other was a little kitty. 
It looked like they were wearing couple’s eye masks. 
And what kind of look was that guy giving her? 
He wanted to gouge out that guy’s eyes. 
He actually dared to stare at his wife like that. 
Ashton was upset that Joanna had never given him an eye mask. 
Joanna: "..." 
He couldn’t be getting jealous over this, right? 
To avoid him becoming overly jealous, she hurriedly stood up, walked over to him, grabbed his arm, and anxiously explained: "I was thinking he had helped me once before, and the eye mask wasn’t anything valuable. When he asked me where I bought it, I gave him one." 
"Really, I bought it on E-Bay, three for ten dollars!" 
The man’s face was still tense, but his face looked slightly better than before due to the girl’s timely appeasement: "So you can just casually give away those that are three for ten dollars? You never gave me any." 
By the end of his statement, his tone had become somewhat resentful and even carried a hint of grievance. 
Joanna’s mouth twitched, and she almost couldn’t help but laugh. 
Every time Ashton gets jealous, he’s like a child. 
Very different from his usual image. 
She had heard that when a man truly falls for a woman, he will only show his childish side in front of her. 
So, even though this man gets jealous easily and is overly-sensitive about emotions, when Joanna thought about how he became a jar of vinegar because he cared for and loved her, her heart couldn’t help but melt. 
Basically, she couldn’t find it in her to blame him for anything. 
"So, what do you want?" 
She looked at him with amusement, finding this jealous Ashton incredibly adorable. So, when she tried to coax him, she used a tone one would use to coax a child: "When you get off work, we can go shopping at the mall, and I’ll buy you one too? Hmmm, I’ll get you an expensive one, alright?"
###Chapter 824: Chapter 822 Mr. Parker, Mr. Benjamin has arrived
Ashton Heath raised his deep, dark pupils to look at her, and his handsome face softened a little bit more than before. 
It was evident that he was pleased by her remark just now. 
A hint of a smile flashed in his eyes, but he still kept a straight face, "I didn’t ask you for it." 
"Yes, yes, yes." Joanna Lawrence continued to hold back laughter as she coaxed the prideful man, "You didn’t ask me for it, but I wanted to buy it for you." 
"Getting me something expensive?" 
"Yes, something expensive. I’ll choose the most expensive one." 
"I didn’t force you." 
"Yes, yes, yes, you didn’t force me. I did it willingly." 
"Then, as you say, we’ll go shopping later." By the time Ashton said this, a shallow smile filled his eyes while the corners of his lips began to curl up. 
He reached out to pull Joanna onto his lap, and as he held her, he opened a file. "You’ll keep me company while I finish reading these last few documents, and then I can get off work." 
Joanna twisted in his arms and adjusted to a more comfortable sitting position before she wrapped her arms around his waist, hugging him tightly. "Will this affect your work?" she asked. 
The girl in his arms was fragrant and soft. 
Her enticing sweetness lingered at his nose, and it was impossible to say that it had no effect on him. 
Holding her always made him restless and wanting to do something else. 
Yet, the feeling of holding her was so wonderful that he couldn’t bear to let her go. 
He took a deep breath, resisting the heat caused by her earlier squirming, and his voice lowered, sounding a bit hoarse, "Baby, you won’t have any impact on me as long as you don’t move around in my arms." 
"Otherwise, if you squirm a little more, I might not be able to guarantee what will happen later." 
As if to prove his words, a very honest reaction took place at a certain part of his body. 
Joanna, sitting on his lap, instantly felt it. 
Her face flushed with heat, and she froze in his arms, not daring to move again. 
Last night... this man had tormented her for far too long. 
Moreover, he had tried various tricks to torture her, and even now, her legs were still weak and sore. 
She didn’t want to be tormented again before she had fully recovered... 
* 
A private club, the Luxe Lounge. 
Inside the ancient-style courtyard, with its traditional decorations, sat a young, handsome, and charming man in a pavilion. 
Around the pavilion was a pond filled with pink lotus flowers. 
The man leaned against the red railing, holding a bag of fish food. His slender, jade-like fingers pinched some fish food from a porcelain bowl and threw it into the pond, attracting a swarm of fish to scramble for it. 
On a nearby stone table, there were exquisite coffee utensils. The barista of the Luxe Lounge poured water from a purple clay pot into a coffee cup, and as the hot water poured in, the enticing coffee fragrance rose enveloping in wisps of Yvonne White, spreading all around. 
The air was filled with refreshing and pleasant coffee fragrances. 
As the barista carefully served the coffee to the man who was feeding the fish, he respectfully said, "Mr. Parker, please have a taste." 
Frank Parker tossed more fish food into the pond before turning around and taking a wet towel handed to him by a server to wipe his hands. 
After wiping his hands, he took the cup of coffee. 
He had just taken a sip when he heard the sound of footsteps approaching. 
The footsteps stopped after reaching the pavilion. 
A respectful voice said, "Mr. Parker, Mr. Benjamin has arrived." 
Frank lazily raised his eyes, his gaze resting on the apprehensive figure of Benjamin Lawrence. He curled his lips.
###Chapter 825: Chapter 823: It’s About Your Daughter
Ashton Heath lifted his deep black eyes to look at her, his handsome face showing a slightly more relaxed expression than before. 
It was clear that her previous words had pleased him. 
A hint of a smile appeared in his eyes, but he kept a poker face: "I didn’t ask you for that." 
"Yes, yes, yes." Joanna Lawrence continued to hold back her laughter and indulged the proud man, "You didn’t ask me, I just wanted to buy it for you myself." 
"Buy me the expensive one?" 
"Yes, buy the expensive one, pick the most expensive one." 
"I didn’t force you." 
"Yes, yes, yes, you didn’t force me. It was all voluntary." 
"As you said, we’ll go to the mall later." As Ashton said this, a faint smile appeared in his eyes and at the corner of his lips. 
He pulled Joanna into his arms and let her sit on his lap, holding her as he opened a file: "Just accompany me through the last few files, and then I can leave work." 
After finding a comfortable position in his embrace, Joanna put her arms around his waist and said, "Like this, won’t I interfere with your work?" 
She was soft and sweet in his arms. 
The delicate and inviting fragrance tantalizing his nostrils. It was impossible for her not to have an effect on him. 
But the feeling of holding her was too wonderful, and he couldn’t bear to let her go. 
* 
A private Luxe Lounge. 
In the antique courtyard, a handsome and enchanting man sits in a pavilion. 
There was a pond around the pavilion, full of pink lotus flowers. 
He leaned against the bright red railing, holding fish food in his hands, his slender fingers pinching the food from the porcelain bowl and tossing it into the pond, attracting a crowd of fish to come and scramble for it. 
The stone table beside him was adorned with exquisite coffee utensils. The barista of the Luxe Lounge poured hot water from a ceramic pot into a coffee cup. The moment the hot water was poured, the refreshing coffee fragrance rose into a waft of Yvonne White smoke that spread all over the place. 
The air was filled with a pleasant and refreshing coffee aroma. 
The barista held the coffee cup and respectfully presented it to the man who was feeding the fish: "Mr. Parker, please enjoy." 
Frank Parker threw more fish food into the pond before turning around and taking the wet cloth offered by the waiter to wipe his hands. 
After wiping them, he took the cup of coffee. 
Just as he took a sip, he heard footsteps slowly approaching. 
When the footsteps stopped in the pavilion, a respectful voice sounded, "Mr. Parker, Mr. Benjamin Lawrence is here." 
Frank lazily lifted his eyes, casting a glance at the anxious Benjamin Lawrence who was standing there. He hooked the corner of his lips, narrowing his delicate eyes slightly: "Mr. Benjamin, please have a seat." 
Seeing that he was still standing, Benjamin Lawrence didn’t dare to sit down first. 
In fact, his mood was very nervous and uneasy at the moment. 
He didn’t know why Frank Parker had called him over. 
The Lawrence family and the Parker family had never had any dealings. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to have dealings with the Parker family, but with the Lawrence family’s status, they didn’t even qualify to have dealings with the Parker family. 
In the eyes of the Parker family, the Lawrence family wasn’t even a small fish or shrimp. 
But now, the young master of the Parker family suddenly said he wanted to have a talk with him. Benjamin Lawrence couldn’t figure out why, and thinking about the various evaluations of this young master in Closia, he was extremely anxious and scared. 
Everyone knew that this young master of the Parker family had a bad temper, unpredictable, and was very difficult to deal with. 
Messing with him meant a dead end.
"Young Master Parker, may I ask what you want to discuss with me?" Benjamin Lawrence nervously clenched his hands and spoke respectfully. 
Frank casually walked over to the stone table and sat down, still fidgeting with the coffee cup in his hand. He looked up at Benjamin’s nervous face, revealing a slight smile, but his tone was still polite: "Mr. Benjamin, please sit down and talk. I don’t like having to look up while talking to people. It’s tiring." 
When Benjamin Lawrence heard the word "tiring," his face changed slightly, and he hurriedly sat down. 
He didn’t dare to make the young master in front of him feel tired. 
The barista poured another cup of coffee and placed it in front of Benjamin Lawrence. 
Frank waved his hand, signaling the others to leave. 
After a moment... 
When only the two of them were left inside the pavilion, Benjamin hesitated for a few seconds before nervously asking again, "Mr. Parker, did the Lawrence family ever offend the Parker family? When you suddenly asked to see me, I was extremely anxious, not knowing what was happening. If Mr. Parker has any instructions, please feel free to say it..." 
Frank Parker swirled the coffee in the cup, slowly taking a sip before slowly raising his eyes, "Mr. Benjamin, don’t be afraid, I called you here just to ask about something, not to give you trouble." 
When Benjamin Lawrence heard that it wasn’t to give him trouble, he couldn’t help but sigh in relief. 
The tension visibly eased, and he didn’t seem as nervous as before. His expression relaxed a lot. 
"May I ask Mr. Parker what you would like to ask me about?" 
Frank narrowed his long and gentle eyes slightly: "It’s a matter concerning your daughter." 
"My daughter?" Benjamin Lawrence was taken aback, and the first thing that came to his mind was Annie Lawrence. "Is it about Annie that Mr. Parker is talking about?" 
Frank frowned, as if a little displeased: "Mr. Benjamin, you have two daughters, right? Why didn’t you think that I’m looking for your other daughter?" 
"You mean...Joanna?" 
Although Benjamin did not use social media like Blog, he wasn’t completely ignorant of the online events either. 
He suddenly remembered the incident where Frank Parker helped Joanna clear up a scandal on Blog. 
And today... 
Before he came over, he saw another scandal involving Joanna and Frank Parker. 
And then, he was suddenly called over by this young master of the Parker family. 
He also said he wanted to talk to him about his daughter. 
Benjamin’s mind slowly shifted towards a possibility, his face changing abruptly as he gripped the coffee cup in front of him. 
Frank nodded: "Yes, I want to talk about your eldest daughter, Joanna Lawrence."
###Chapter 826: Chapter 824: Think It Through, You Must Think It Clearly
"Mr. Parker, I...I don’t sell my daughter." Although Benjamin Lawrence was afraid of Frank Parker in his heart, he still mustered the courage to speak out. "Even though the Lawrence family is in need of money, Joanna is my daughter and I have loved her dearly since she was a child. No matter how financially desperate I am, I wouldn’t exchange her for money." 
Frank Parker’s brows furrowed when he heard this. 
"Mr. Benjamin, have you misunderstood something?" His expression grim, he asked, "Did I ever say anything about buying your daughter?" 
Benjamin Lawrence was taken aback, "Aren’t you interested in Joanna...then you..." 
As far as Benjamin Lawrence could think, this was the only possibility. 
As the saying goes, no smoke without fire. 
This continuous gossip forced him to consider this possibility. 
Plus, he knew very well what kind of attractiveness Joanna possessed to these Top-tier Wealth Heirs. It wouldn’t be strange for them to be interested. 
As soon as he heard that Frank Parker wanted to talk about Joanna, he immediately thought about him wanting to financially support her. 
With the Parker family’s status, Joanna would definitely not be able to marry into it. 
Even being Frank Parker’s official girlfriend might be out of her reach. 
Frank Parker coldly said, "Mr. Benjamin, why do you have to devalue your daughter? If there is a relationship between her and me, does that mean it must be a transaction?" 
The term "selling one’s daughter" caused a vague annoyance to stir within Frank Parker. 
If it’s a woman he likes, there’s no need for selling. 
The term "selling" just made him feel lowly. 
After Frank Parker gave Benjamin a cold stare, the latter became so terrified that his hands holding the coffee cup trembled, "Yes, you’re right, Mr. Parker. I misunderstood you." 
Who in Closia wouldn’t be afraid of the young master of the Parker family? 
Rumor has it that he has some kind of violent disorder. 
The kind that makes him oblivious of friends and family once he loses control. 
And that leads him to do some irrational things. 
Benjamin Lawrence was terrified, thinking about how Frank Parker had once beaten someone into a vegetative state. 
Frank Parker, seeing his fear, could only hide the aggression in his demeanor. 
After all, this was Joanna’s father. 
He didn’t want to treat him in the same way he treated others. 
"Mr. Benjamin, what I want to ask about is something that happened ten years ago." Frank Parker spoke again, his tone somewhat softer, no longer as intimidating as before, "Do you still remember, around ten years ago, bringing Joanna to a party at the Parker family?" 
"That was the year of my birthday. My parents invited many people from Closia and I believe the Lawrence family was among those guests." 
Benjamin Lawrence was stunned for a few seconds, surprise in his eyes, then he lowered his head in contemplation, "The party from ten years ago? I’m sorry I can’t recall at the moment, it was too long ago. Mr. Parker, if you could allow me to think a little more." 
"Alright, Mr. Benjamin, there’s no rush. Take your time." 
Underneath Frank Parker’s seemingly calm exterior, he was incredibly tense. He clenched the coffee cup in his hand, tossed back his head, and finished the coffee in one gulp: "Take your time, think carefully, be absolutely sure." 
Because this issue was extremely crucial to him. 
He couldn’t afford any mistakes. 
Perhaps he has already made one mistake before. 
He absolutely could not...make a second one.
Although Benjamin Lawrence didn’t quite understand what Frank Parker was planning, he could sense from his tone that the issue he just asked about was very important to him.
###Chapter 827: Chapter 825: Getting Closer and Closer to the Truth
So, he didn’t dare to take it lightly and looked up after thinking seriously for a moment, "Mr. Parker, I can’t remember many things from ten years ago very clearly. After thinking carefully just now, if I remember correctly, I did take Joanna to a banquet hosted by the Parker family that year." 
"That year... I think it was summer." Benjamin Lawrence recalled as he spoke, "That was the first time the Lawrence family received an invitation from the Parker family." 
For the Lawrence family, this was an honor and a surprise. 
That’s why he still remembered this incident. 
If it were some unimportant invitations from small households, how could he remember? 
Frank Parker suddenly looked up, a tumultuous surge rising in his heart, and something rapidly churned in his narrowed eyes. He asked with a slight tremble in his voice, "Are you sure? Ten years ago, you took Joanna to a banquet held by the Parker family?" 
Benjamin Lawrence looked at him seriously and thought again for a moment before nodding. "Yes, it was Mr. Parker’s birthday party back then. I thought Joanna was close in age to you and it would be appropriate to bring her along, so I took her with me." 
Frank Parker’s face still appeared calm. 
However, his fingers gripping the coffee cup couldn’t help but tremble slightly. 
"About that incident..." Benjamin Lawrence looked cautiously at Frank’s expression, hesitating with a look of wanting to speak but holding back. 
Frank Parker took a deep breath, striving to control the intense emotions surging deep in his heart: "What else do you remember?" 
The reason why Benjamin Lawrence still remembered that day’s events was firstly, because it was the young master’s birthday, and the Lawrences were fortunate enough to attend, which was an extremely honorable event for him. 
It was a matter he had boasted about for a long time. 
Secondly, it was because an impressive incident occurred at the birthday party that he still remembered. 
Although he had hesitated about whether to mention it, Frank Parker had already asked, so he had no choice but to tell the truth. 
"I remember that day, Joanna said she was going to the restroom, and she took quite a long time. When she came back, I found her whole body drenched like she had fallen into the water. At the time, I asked her what had happened, but she didn’t tell me. I was worried she had caught a cold, so I took her home early." 
Back then, he thought his daughter had been bullied. 
He felt both angry and helpless. 
At first, he wanted to find the person who had bullied Joanna, but when he thought that most people at the party were wealthy or from prominent families, if the other party’s family background far exceeded the Lawrences’, he might not only fail to seek justice but also invite trouble. 
After thinking it over, he just let it go. 
In fact, Benjamin Lawrence didn’t know why he had mentioned this incident. 
He simply thought that perhaps the incident Frank Parker was investigating was related to this incident as well. 
Otherwise, why would he pursue what happened ten years ago? 
Moreover, he kept asking if he had taken Joanna with him back then. 
Clearly, the incident he was investigating was related to Joanna, and it happened during his birthday party. 
That’s why Benjamin Lawrence suddenly thought of mentioning this incident. 
Courage to say so also came as he saw Frank Parker’s attitude, which didn’t seem like he was here to blame him. 
"What did you say?"
The calm Frank Parker had barely managed to maintain shattered upon hearing this, and the white jade-colored coffee cup in his hand nearly cracked.
###Chapter 828: Chapter 826: Did I, Did I Say Something Wrong?
Those slender and soft eyes were filled with the color of shock, and the expression on his face was also one of astonishment. He looked at Benjamin Lawrence with an incredulous gaze, and his deep eyes were mixed with other complex emotions. 
In short, his face was filled with a complicated mix of emotions at this moment. 
In a short period, his complexion underwent several changes. 
Benjamin didn’t expect this kind of reaction from him. 
He felt a bit startled. 
He didn’t know if the disclosure of this matter was ultimately good or bad. 
He met Frank Parker’s contracting eyes and anxiously asked, "Mr. Parker, did-did I say something wrong?" 
"You just said that on the day of the birthday banquet, you saw Joanna Lawrence soaking wet?" 
"Yes, yes, that’s right... " 
"Did she tell you why she was wet?" 
"Well, well... she didn’t say." Benjamin cautiously replied. "I asked her at the time, and she didn’t say anything. She just said that the lights in the backyard were dim, and she wasn’t familiar with the path, so she accidentally fell into the water." 
"She went to the backyard?" Frank Parker felt his heart rate suddenly reach 150, his fingers trembling more and more severely, and his chest as well. 
It seemed that the answer he wanted was getting closer and closer to him. 
"Yes," Benjamin sincerely replied. 
"So, she went to the backyard and then got soaking wet? Do you still remember around what time that was?" 
"I can’t remember that clearly." 
It was a matter from ten years ago, recalling even some of it was quite impressive. 
As for the exact time, he couldn’t remember that.
However, for Frank Parker, the current pieces of information were already enough for him to investigate the truth of the matter. 
Though he couldn’t be one hundred percent certain about some things yet- 
the evidence he had now was close to ninety percent of the truth. 
If... the truth turned out to be just as he had guessed, then... 
Frank Parker clenched his fists, his eyes darkened, and an uncontrollable rage surged in his chest. 
Seeing his changing expression, Benjamin became even more anxious, thinking he had said something wrong. 
He nervously said, "Mr. Parker... " 
Frank Parker took a deep breath, put aside the coffee cup in his hand, and said, "Mr. Benjamin, thank you for coming today and solving a very important matter for me. If you have any requests, you may bring them up, as my gratitude to you." 
Benjamin looked shocked. 
Heaven knows how difficult it was to get such a sentence from Frank Parker. 
The help of young master of the Parker family meant something that he could hardly imagine. 
Just now, when he saw Frank Parker’s face looking unwell, he was worried to death, thinking he had said something wrong and angered him. 
He thought that the disaster would come upon him immediately. 
But who would have thought that the next moment, a surprise fell upon him. 
However, although getting Mr. Parker’s help was an extremely difficult endeavor, no matter how pleased Benjamin was, he still did not dare to make any light requests. 
Treating him politely could be just a matter of being polite. 
If he didn’t know any better and took it seriously, it would mean his emotional intelligence was too low. 
"Mr. Parker, you are being too courteous. I didn’t do much. Besides, having the chance to talk to you is my honor and I don’t dare to ask for more." 
Frank Parker slightly curved his lips, "I rarely want to help someone voluntarily, yet I am refused? Mr. Benjamin, think carefully. Once the opportunity is missed, it will never come again. Are you sure you really don’t need it?"
###Chapter 829: Chapter 827: If You Want to Be Grateful, Be Grateful to Your Daughter
This time, Benjamin Lawrence hesitated. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t really need the help. 
In fact, he needed it badly now. 
The Lawrence family was in a mess, and he had been running around recently trying to raise investment and loans, but few people were willing to work with him. 
He was so worried about the investment and loans that he couldn’t eat or sleep properly. 
It could be said that Frank Parker’s offer of help came at just the right time. 
He was the young master of the Parker family. 
A simple gesture from him could easily solve his pressing problems. 
"Mr. Parker, if it’s not too much trouble for you, I... I hope you can help invest in a project for the Lawrence Group. I’ll send you the project proposal once I get back, and I assure you that it’s a profitable project that won’t cause you any losses." 
"Of course, if Mr. Parker feels the proposal is not suitable, you can disregard it."
After finishing his request hesitantly, Benjamin nervously waited for Frank’s response. 
He was worried that Frank might think he was asking for too much. 
"Alright." 
Unexpectedly, Frank agreed without any hesitation. 
"You can send the investment proposal to my assistant. I’ll inform him about this matter, and he’ll get in touch with you. How much investment do you need?" 
Benjamin looked at him in surprise and excitement, "Mr. Parker, are you willing to invest?" 
He didn’t expect Frank to agree so quickly. 
Frank nodded, "I promised you a favor and I won’t go back on my word." 
This man was the father of his lifesaver, so Frank didn’t mind helping Benjamin once. 
For him, this little help was nothing. 
What he owed his benefactor was far more than just this. 
If... the person who saved him back then was really Joanna, he would treat her well in the future. He would double the compensation for everything she should have received over the years. 
How foolish he had been back then. 
He had mistaken his lifesaver for someone else. 
He had trusted Rebecca Kelloway too much. 
He believed everything she said. 
He never doubted her. 
Benjamin excitedly told Frank the amount of investment needed, which was indeed a small sum for Frank. 
So Frank agreed without hesitation. 
Benjamin never thought that he would be able to solve his problems by relying on Frank, after failing to raise investment elsewhere. 
He kept expressing his gratitude, and after confirming that Frank’s investigation would benefit him, he boldly asked, "Mr. Parker, can I know... why you are willing to help me?" 
"Is it... related to Joanna?" 
Frank nodded, "It’s because of your daughter." 
Benjamin had already guessed that much. 
However, he still didn’t know the specific reason. 
"I don’t know what Joanna did back then that would make Mr. Parker willing to help our family." 
"You don’t need to know the specifics." 
"I’ve said too much," Benjamin immediately apologized, "I just don’t know how to express my gratitude for the great favor you’re doing for our family." 
"You don’t need to be grateful to me," Frank said indifferently. "If you want to be grateful, express it to your daughter. I’m helping only because of her." 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t be interested in investing in such a small project. 
Even if it was guaranteed returns, the amount earned was nothing more than a drop in the bucket for him.
###Chapter 830: Chapter 828: So, it turns out she is such a lovely girl
"Mr. Benjamin, there is one more thing I would like to ask of you, but I’m not sure if you can agree to it?" After a moment of silence, Frank Parker picked up the warmed teapot from the table and poured himself a cup of coffee. Seeing that Benjamin Lawrence’s cup was empty, he also poured him another cup. 
Benjamin Lawrence immediately held the coffee cup with a flattering look and said, "Mr. Parker, I can pour it myself. I don’t know what you need, but as long as I can do it, I will do it for you." 
"It’s not something that requires any effort from you." 
Frank Parker played with the porcelain cup in his fingers, smelling the faint coffee fragrance emanating from it. With a casual tone, he said, "I wonder if you could tell me about your daughter’s life since she was a child." 
"I want to understand her." 
Seeing Benjamin Lawrence’s changing expression, Frank Parker curled his lips, "Don’t worry, I have no ulterior motives towards her. If I really had any, I would pursue her with sincerity, giving her a legitimate identity, not hiding or concealing it, and certainly not attempting to insult her with money." 
"To me, she is a woman worth respecting." 
Benjamin Lawrence had a misunderstanding just now. 
But hearing Frank Parker’s words, his doubts were instantly dispelled. 
Someone like Frank Parker doesn’t need to explain so much to him in the first place. 
Being able to do so must mean he genuinely respects his daughter. 
After some contemplation, a gentle expression appeared on his face, and his voice softened a lot, "Joanna has always been a well-behaved and sensible child since she was young. She looked after herself in everything she did, and I never had to worry about her. She is also a very kind-hearted and loving child. She has been fond of helping stray cats and dogs since she was little. We used to have a dog named Dahuang at home which she picked up from the streets." 
Frank Parker listened very carefully. 
As he listened, he began to feel that he had too many misunderstandings about Joanna. 
Due to his previous relationship with Rebecca Kelloway, he had formed prejudices against her. 
He thought she was a calculating woman. 
As a result, every time he saw her, he was very unfriendly towards her. 
In retrospect, had he ever even tried to understand her at that time? 
If it weren’t for Rebecca Kelloway, he wouldn’t have disliked her in the first place. 
She doesn’t seem like the kind of woman that people would dislike at all. 
Benjamin Lawrence kept rambling on and on, and Frank Parker, surprisingly, listened patiently from beginning to end. 
He never felt impatient throughout the process. 
He even found it quite interesting. 
Thinking about it now, Joanna was such a lovely girl. 
Both kind-hearted and beautiful. 
No wonder she jumped into the pool to save him that night. 
Because she had always been a kind-hearted girl. 
If she could be so loving towards stray animals, let alone humans. 
But such a lovely and beautiful girl, he actually missed out on her for ten years. 
He only found out now that she was the one who saved him that night. 
Indescribable regrets and a sense of loss made his mood immediately drop.
Because he suddenly realized that he knew the truth too late. 
If only... If he had known a year earlier, the outcome might have been different now. 
If he had known a year earlier and had met her before Ashton Heath did, he would not have allowed her the opportunity to marry another man. 
If only she hadn’t married Ashton Heath, then he could have taken her back without hesitation.
###Chapter 831: Chapter 829: What’s wrong with you? Are you mad at me?
But she married his best friend. 
What could he do? 
Would he abandon their brotherly bond and steal her from him? 
Besides, deep down, he knew he couldn’t compete against Ashton Heath. 
On some level, he and Ashton Heath were the same kind of person. 
Both had strong possessive instincts. 
Once they had something they cared about, they would never give others the chance to snatch it away. 
In front of anyone else, he had complete confidence. 
But in front of Ashton Heath, he had to admit, this was a threatening opponent. 
Struggling against Ashton, he would most likely lose. 
Otherwise, Rebecca Kelloway would not continue to be devoted to Ashton Heath. 
No matter how good he was to her, she never wavered. 
One hour later. 
Frank Parker had someone send Benjamin Lawrence away. 
Frank Parker sat alone in the pavilion for a long time, finally took out his phone, and called Rebecca Kelloway. 
"Rebecca, let’s meet now. Where are you? I’ll come pick you up." 
* 
At the agreed-upon place. 
The attendant led Frank Parker to a private room, and respectfully said, "Mr. Parker, Ms. Kelloway is inside drinking alone. She ordered quite a lot of alcohol, and we tried to dissuade her, but she wouldn’t listen." 
"You’re here just in time, please go in and check on her. We’re really worried that she’ll end up with some trouble from all this drinking." 
Frank Parker stood outside the private room for a few seconds before pushing open the door. 
The light in the private room was dim. 
Rebecca Kelloway leaned against the sofa, holding a wine glass in her hand with freshly poured red wine inside. 
Hearing the door, she half-opened her eyes, lifted her head, and upon seeing Frank Parker walk in, she hooked her red lips and gestured with her glass for a toast, "Frank, you’re here. Come and join me for a few drinks. It’s quite boring drinking alone." 
Frank Parker closed the door and walked towards her. 
"Why are you drinking alone?" 
Despite some truths already being exposed, Frank Parker’s attitude remained the same as always. 
After walking to Rebecca Kelloway, he bent down to examine her for a few seconds before taking the wine glass from her hands. 
"There’s no benefit to drinking too much of this stuff. Drinking to drown your sorrows won’t solve anything." 
"What are you doing?" 
Rebecca Kelloway frowned and tried to take back the glass, "Give it back, if I want to drink, I’ll drink. It’s none of your business." 
"Yeah, it’s none of my business." 
Frank Parker smirked, as he thought about how all these years, the woman he had been spoiling and pampering had been deceiving him, he found it ridiculous.
But who could he blame? 
Even if Rebecca had deceived him, his own naivety had played a part in being fooled for so many years. 
He clearly knew deep down that he didn’t have any romantic feelings for Rebecca Kelloway. He had even wondered why that was, but it never occurred to him that he might have mistaken someone else. 
He never thought that Rebecca would deceive him. 
So being deceived for so many years, he had it coming. 
"Frank Parker, you’re so annoying." Rebecca Kelloway reached for the wine glass in his hands again, discontentedly saying, "I asked you to come over to drink with me. If you don’t want to, don’t interfere with me." 
"You know what, I hate being controlled by others." 
"Mhm, I know." This time, Frank Parker didn’t stop her anymore. 
Rebecca Kelloway successfully took back the glass. 
Perhaps sensing that his behavior was a bit strange today, Rebecca Kelloway raised her head and looked at him, frowning slightly, "What’s wrong with you? Are you angry with me?"
###Chapter 832: Chapter 830: It was me who saved you that night
In the past, Frank Parker would not have let her keep drinking. 
But just now... he actually didn’t stop her. 
Women are usually sensitive, and Rebecca Kelloway quickly noticed something seemed off with Frank Parker today. 
Frank Parker looked at her deeply, shook his head: "I’m not angry." 
"Then why...?" 
"Rebecca, let’s talk." 
Frank Parker sat down beside her, crossing his long legs: "I think we need to have a good talk." 
Rebecca was stunned: "Talk? What do you want to talk to me about?" 
"About something that happened a long time ago." 
Rebecca hesitated, and her heart suddenly accelerated. 
She looked into Frank Parker’s narrow phoenix eyes, and for some reason, she suddenly felt a sense of panic. 
This feeling also occurred a few days ago when he asked her if she had ever lied to him. 
She took a deep breath, trying her best to remain calm. 
"Something that happened a long time ago?" She raised her eyebrows with curiosity, "What do you want to say exactly? Why do I feel like you’re acting weird today." 
"Am I weird?" Frank Parker smiled, "Maybe. I think we should stop beating around the bush, Rebecca. What I want to talk about is something that happened ten years ago. Perhaps by now, you should know what I want to discuss." 
Rebecca’s eyes widened in shock as she looked at him. 
Frank Parker stared at her, calmly saying: "Back then, at my birthday party, I fell into the water and was saved by someone. The person who saved me wasn’t actually you, was it?" 
"What... what are you talking about?" 
With a "snap," the wine glass in Rebecca’s hand fell to the ground. 
The floor was tiled. 
The crystal glass shattered the moment it hit the ground, making a crisp sound. 
Watching her reaction, Frank Parker’s last hope was completely gone. 
She had indeed lied to him. 
She had fooled him, treating him like an idiot for a whole ten years. 
But why did she do it? 
She obviously didn’t like him and didn’t want to accept him, yet she had woven such a lie to have him by her side for ten years. 
He didn’t understand the meaning behind her actions. 
"I should have guessed it long ago." Frank Parker mocked himself, smiling bitterly. "Although so many things felt wrong, I never thought that the person that night wasn’t you. I was like a fool, just believing whatever you said." 
"Rebecca, can I ask you why you lied?" 
"What is the meaning of you doing that?" 
"You don’t even like me, so why would you lie to me? And let me believe that the person who saved me that night was you?" 
Rebecca went pale in the face of his questioning. 
She looked at him with panic and shock, unable to say a word in response to his questions. 
How could this be... 
How did he know that she wasn’t the one who saved him that night? 
It’s been ten years since that incident took place. 
During these ten years, he had never suspected her. 
Why, all of a sudden...
"Frank, what are you talking about? It was me who saved you that night, if not me, who else could it be?" After a moment of panic, Rebecca slowly calmed down. 
She felt that Frank Parker didn’t actually know the truth. 
Just like the other day, he was only suspicious of her. 
He had no real evidence. 
Because it had been an entire ten years since that night.
###Chapter 833: Chapter 831: Deceived me like a fool for ten years
Unless there was surveillance video evidence from that time, he couldn’t possibly know who had saved him that night. 
But if there had been surveillance evidence from the beginning, he wouldn’t have been deceived by her until now. 
No matter why he suddenly doubted her, and whether he believed her now or not, as long as she insisted that she was the one who saved him that night, he could do nothing about it. 
With this thought, Rebecca Kelloway’s mind gradually calmed down, and she no longer looked as panicked as she did at first. 
But this time, Frank Parker would never believe her again. 
His eyes were full of disappointment: "Rebecca, at this point, are you still going to lie? Do you think I would say these things without any evidence? I just want to know, why did you deceive me?" 
"What benefit would it bring you by deceiving me about the person that night?" 
"You’ve been fooling me like an idiot for ten years, haven’t you ever felt you’ve gone too far? Haven’t you ever thought that lies will always be exposed one day?" 
As Frank Parker spoke, he curled his lips in self-mockery, not waiting for Rebecca’s response, sneered: "Or, is it because you don’t like me, but can’t bear to let me go? Do you feel accomplished having a foolish suitor like me by your side for so many years?" 
"No, I didn’t..." 
Rebecca Kelloway denied repeatedly because she was certain that Frank could never have evidence from that year. 
Yet, he said he had evidence. 
She didn’t know if he was trying to trip her up. 
But her heart became more and more panicked, and more and more fearful. 
She was really scared. 
Ashton Heath claimed to want to end their friendship. 
Yannick Luther was lukewarm towards her, just a normal friendship. 
Now she only had Frank Parker left by her side. 
And only Frank was genuinely fond of her, truly treating her well. 
She was already used to his kindness. 
And she enjoyed being liked by such a man for so many years. 
She knew very well that Frank Parker and Ashton Heath were both outstanding men in their circle. 
There were countless women who liked them. 
So, even if she didn’t like Frank, under the influence of a woman’s vanity, she couldn’t refuse the kindness of such a man. 
If even Frank were to leave her, and no longer be as good to her as before, then she would really have nothing left. 
"Frank, I don’t know where you heard some rumors and suddenly doubted me. You said I deceived you, but what reason do I have to deceive you? I really didn’t deceive you, would you rather believe outsiders than me?" 
"If it wasn’t me who saved you that night, who was it?" 
"If you have a woman you like and want to keep your distance from me, it’s really unnecessary to use this as a means to create conflict." 
Frank Parker was truly disappointed in her. 
Thoroughly disappointed. 
Even now, she still wanted to deceive him.
He didn’t want to argue with her about this anymore. 
"Rebecca, I already know who actually saved me that night. It’s okay if you don’t want to admit it. I know the truth in my heart." 
Frank Parker looked deeply into her eyes, before continuing, his tone much colder, "We’ve known each other for many years, so I don’t want to say anything harsh. But you’ve lied to me for so many years; I can’t pretend that nothing has happened and continue to be friends with you."
###Chapter 834: Chapter 832: Do you... not like me anymore?
Rebecca Kelloway paled, her eyes wide as she stared at him, "Frank Parker, what do you mean? Are you... breaking up with me?" 
"Not breaking up, just can’t be friends for now." When he said these words, Frank Parker’s voice was calm, "My friends could not possibly fool me like a fool for an entire decade." 
"If I still can maintain our previous relationship without any grudges after knowing all these things, then I am truly a fool. Rebecca Kelloway, a person can’t always be foolish. There is nothing more to say, so I will leave it at that." 
"I hope you can be more sincere in the future, and not deceive others the same way. Lies will always be lies, there will be a day when they are exposed." 
After saying these words, Frank Parker did not look at her again, he got up and walked towards the door. 
"Frank Parker, stop." 
As he reached the door, the sound of Rebecca’s voice, breaking down in a cry came from behind, "You call me a liar, but in fact, you’re the liar. You said you would always be kind to me, always look after me, cherish me. Can your words be taken back?" 
"You said you liked me, you said as long as I was willing, the position of Mrs. Parker would always be mine. Now, are you taking it back? Because the person who saved you that night was not me, so, all the promises you made, don’t count?" 
"Do you... not like me anymore?" 
Frank Parker didn’t turn around. 
He stopped at the door, paused for a moment, then replied in a faint voice, "Those words, I did say them. But, I thought you were the one who was there that night, that’s why I made those promises. I thought you were the one who saved me, who stole me back from the hands of death, that’s why I wanted to look after you for a lifetime." 
"You saved my life, what’s wrong with wanting to care for you for a lifetime." 
Frank Parker paused here, the next second, his voice suddenly turned cold, "But, you lied to me." 
"You also occupied everything which originally belonged to her." 
"So, do you say that you like me, will be good to me, just because you think I saved you?" 
Frank Parker pursed his lips, no hesitation, "Yes." 
Pale-faced, cheeks wet with tears, Rebecca trembled all over. She couldn’t believe the reality in front of her. 
She also couldn’t take that blow. 
She had thought, Frank Parker would like her, it’s because she was good enough herself. 
But now, he tells her, it’s all because of that night ten years ago. 
His fondness, his kindness to her, it was all because of that night. 
If she hadn’t lied to him that night, if he had found the person who really saved him, his fondness and his kindness would belong to someone else. 
It wouldn’t have anything to do with her, Rebecca Kelloway. 
As proud as she was, as confident as she was, how could she take this blow. 
"Apart from this reason, you have not even the slightest liking for me anymore?" She refused to believe, she walked to Frank Parker’s back, reached out to grab him, "I don’t believe you, Frank Parker, I don’t believe you have no feelings for me." 
"You’re lying to me, aren’t you?" 
"I know you’re angry now, so what you’re saying is out of anger. You still care about me, you cannot possibly not care about me anymore. Yes, I did lie to you that night, but I didn’t mean to." 
With choked up sobs, she said, "We had a fight that night, and then you haven’t returned for a long time, so I went to find you."
###Chapter 835: Chapter 833: I will never trust you again
"When I found you, you were lying by the swimming pool, completely soaked and motionless. I was really afraid that you’d never wake up." 
"I immediately went to find others for help, and when you were finally brought around, I saw you looking at me with gratitude in your eyes, and then you asked if I was the one who saved you..." Rebecca Kelloway recalled that night, tears falling harder. 
"We had just had a fight, and I thought if I admitted it, you wouldn’t be angry with me anymore." 
"So, you lied to me?" 
Although he already knew Rebecca had deceived him, Frank Parker couldn’t help but feel a surge of anger when he heard her admit it. 
"Yes." Rebecca wiped the tears from her eyes, her voice hoarse from crying. "I didn’t think too much at the time, I just hoped you could forgive me soon and stop being angry with me. The moment I nodded, seeing your expression, I knew you forgave me." 
"After that, whenever I wanted to tell you that it wasn’t actually me who saved you that night, I was afraid you’d be angry with me again. Many times, I really wanted to tell you, but I didn’t have the courage." 
"And do you know, ever since I lied to you about saving you that night, I found that you treated me much better than before. You became more patient with me, and gentler. Many things I used to do would make you angry. But after that, even if I did the same things, you would tolerate me and put up with me, not getting angry with me." 
"You suddenly became so nice to me, so doting, and I was really afraid that if I told you the truth, I would lose everything." 
"When someone is too nice to you, you get used to it and don’t want to give it up." 
Frank Parker couldn’t help but chuckle coldly: "So, this is the reason you’ve been deceiving me?" 
Rebecca shook her head, tears streaming down again: "I never meant to deceive you forever..." 
Frank Parker looked down at her emotionlessly, his eyes full of indifference: "But you lied to me for ten years." 
"I didn’t do it on purpose..." Rebecca didn’t seem to know what else to say, just repeating this sentence, "I really didn’t do it on purpose. Frank, can you forgive me? I was just too scared to lose you, which is why I couldn’t tell you the truth."
The affection of more than ten years, is it nothing? Is our relationship for so many years less important than a woman you don’t even know what she looks like or what her name is?" 
"Just because she saved you, does that mean she’s more important to you than me?" 
"If you still cared about our friendship of more than ten years, you shouldn’t have deceived me. Rebecca, don’t you know what you did wrong? It’s not that I don’t cherish our friendship, but your actions make me feel that there’s no need to cherish it anymore." 
"Because I don’t know if there’s anything else you’ve been lying to me about. I won’t be able to trust you anymore." 
And if there’s no trust, how can they continue to be friends? 
"No, I only lied to you about this one thing." Rebecca, like a drowning person clinging to a life-saving straw, grabbed Frank Parker’s arm, "Believe me, only this one thing. I haven’t lied to you about anything else."
###Chapter 836: Chapter 834: Please... Don’t Leave Me
"Frank, can you forgive me, please? Considering the bond we have shared for so many years, please forgive me just this once. I have already lost Ashton, I cannot lose you too. If you leave me too, what am I supposed to do?" 
"If all of you ignore me, what should I do by myself?" 
Rebecca Kelloway had never shown such vulnerability in front of him. 
Even though Frank Parker had already discovered the whole truth, seeing her like this, he still couldn’t bear it a little. 
He had thought it through, he never loved Rebecca Kelloway. 
But she is the woman he had cared for and protected for ten years. 
In these ten years, he also had given her his affection. 
When he found out she had deceived him, he was also hurt. 
He was about to soften his heart for her seeing her tears and entreaty. 
But thinking of her actions, the tenderness in his eyes disappeared instantly. 
If he forgave her just like that, it would prove that he really was a fool. 
He really deserved to be deceived by her. 
He didn’t want to continue being a fool. 
After thinking it through, he regained his composure, slowly unclasped Rebecca’s hand from his arm, "Rebecca, we both need some time to cool down. I can’t act like nothing happened." 
"You should let go, you shouldn’t be like this. You are the proud Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family, it’s not becoming of you to beg." 
"No, don’t..." 
Rebecca grabbed his hand again, tears falling heavily on her pale face. At this moment, she had almost given up her self-esteem, crying and pleading with Frank Parker, "Alvin, please don’t leave. I was wrong, I know I’m wrong." 
"Give me one more chance, please forgive me just this once." 
"Only because I care about you, did I keep it from you. I didn’t do it intentionally, I really didn’t..." 
"Ashton wants to cut off ties with me, if you also want to leave me...I really will have nothing left. I never pleaded with you. In the past, you said that if I ask, you will do anything for me." 
"Then I beg you...don’t leave me, okay?" 
She was already pathetically begging for him. 
Infront of Frank Parker, she had never been so humble. 
She thought, she was so humble, he couldn’t possibly be ruthless. 
Yet he just gave her a deep look, and continued to unravel her hand. 
"Rebecca, don’t do this. Like I said, we all need some time to cool down." 
After Frank Parker freed her hand, he opened the door and walked out without looking back. 
Rebecca watched him leave, watched as he got farther and farther away until his figure disappeared around the corner of the corridor, out of sight. 
She collapsed at the doorway of the private room. 
The moment Frank Parker disappeared from her sight, her heart felt like it had been violently stabbed, causing immense pain. 
So much pain that she couldn’t stand. 
The pain making her already pale face more colorless. 
She reached out and touched her chest with a confused look, not understanding why she would have the feeling of heartache. 
Was it because she had gotten used to Frank Parker’s company? 
So when she felt that she was about to lose him, it hurt. 
It must be so. 
They have known each other for over ten years. 
He had also been good to her for over ten years.
###Chapter 837: Chapter 835: She Hates That Woman
Especially in the past ten years, he had been extremely responsive to her requests. 
Such a person suddenly withdrawing from her world would definitely not leave her unaffected. 
Even if it was just raising a cat or a dog, she would have feelings for them. 
Yes, that must be it. 
Having found a reason for her heartache, the confusion in her eyes gradually faded. 
However, her heart still ached. 
Why was Frank Parker so heartless towards her? 
Just because he found out that the one who saved him that night wasn’t her, did that make her even worse than a stranger in his heart? 
She already swallowed her pride and begged him. 
But he still left. 
He had once promised to treat her well for the rest of his life. 
But everything changed overnight. 
She had lost everything. 
The man she deeply loved wanted to draw a clear line between them. 
And the man who loved her was about to leave her as well. 
It was as if they had conspired to leave her side one by one. 
Suddenly, she was left with nothing. 
She thought that at least she would still have Frank Parker by her side no matter what. 
No matter what happened, he would never leave her. 
But, it turned out she was wrong. 
The fondness he had for her, all the kindness he showed, was all because of someone else. 
He did not like her because she was Rebecca Kelloway. 
He liked... the woman who saved him. 
If she hadn’t lied to him, he would have treated her just like any normal friend, like Yannick Luther. 
In front of him, she would no longer possess so many privileges. 
For a moment, Rebecca suddenly felt a deep hatred for the woman who saved Frank Parker. 
It was because of that woman that she had become a fool. 
No, she still didn’t know whether the person that night was a man or woman. 
When she arrived at the poolside, she only saw Frank Parker lying by the pool. 
Apart from that, she didn’t see anyone else. 
However, she had a premonition that the one who saved Frank Parker that night was a girl. 
A woman’s intuition told her that it must be a girl.
Perhaps, a very beautiful girl. 
Did Frank Parker really find her? 
Was it because she was an exceptionally beautiful girl that he was suddenly so indifferent to her and wanted to leave her? 
Rebecca’s heart couldn’t help but fill with resentment. 
Resentment towards the woman she didn’t know. 
After all, it had been a whole decade since that night. 
Over the past ten years, she had hidden the truth very well, and Frank Parker never doubted her. 
In fact, she could have hidden it for a lifetime. 
Why did that woman, who hadn’t appeared for ten years, suddenly show up now? 
As soon as she appeared, she snatched away everything that belonged to her. 
If she found out who that woman was... 
She would never let her get away with it! 
"Ms. Kelloway, are you alright?" 
A waiter passed by, saw Rebecca lying at the door, got scared, and reached out to help her up. 
"Get away, don’t touch me," Rebecca looked at him disgustedly, with a fierce glare. 
The waiter was frightened by her gaze and quickly withdrew his hand. 
Then, he repeatedly apologized to her with his head bowed, "I’m sorry, Ms. Kelloway." 
Although he had done nothing wrong. 
But this person was Ms. Rebecca, the heiress of the Kelloway family. 
Someone he could not afford to offend. 
If Ms. Rebecca was unhappy, all he could do was apologize. 
Rebecca supported herself on the door and slowly stood up. She looked at the waiter with icy eyes and said coldly, "If you dare to tell anyone what you saw just now, I won’t let you off."
###Chapter 838: Chapter 836: No matter how much the penalty is, just get it settled for me.
The waiter hurriedly said, "Please rest assured, Ms. Kelloway, I won’t dare to say anything." 
* 
After leaving the night scene, Frank Parker drove aimlessly for a long time. 
He didn’t know where he was going. 
The truth he had always been seeking was found so quickly. 
After figuring out this crucial matter, he didn’t know what to do. 
If Joanna Lawrence were still single now, he could go find her immediately. 
He could pursue her crazily. 
There were so many things he could do. 
But he found out the truth too late. 
It was so late that... it seemed that he couldn’t do anything anymore. 
There was already someone by her side taking care of her, treating her well, and she wouldn’t need him anymore. 
But, was he really going to do nothing at all? 
She was his lifesaver. 
She had saved his life. 
If he didn’t know the truth, it would be fine, but since he knew the truth, he couldn’t do nothing at all. 
Suddenly, his phone rang. 
He glanced down at it and answered. A subordinate’s voice came through, "Mr. Ashton, the matter you asked us to investigate earlier has some leads now. So..." 
"No need to investigate any further." Frank looked out the window, his eyes narrowed slightly, "I have already figured it out." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Just as the person on the other end was about to hang up, Frank suddenly stopped him, "Wait." 
"Mr. Ashton, do you have any other instructions?" 
Frank half-closed his eyes and pondered for a moment, "Are there any new products in the Parker Group’s industries that are about to launch?" 
"New products?" 
The subordinate paused for a while before replying, "There are quite a few new products that are about to launch. I’m not sure which ones you are more interested in, Mr. Parker?" 
Frank thought for a moment, "Which products do you think are suitable for female celebrities to do advertisements and promotions?" 
"Well... suitable for female celebrities to do advertisements? Probably jewelry and makeup products." 
"Jewelry and makeup products?" 
"Yes. Mr. Ashton... are you asking about this for a particular reason?" 
"You go ask the company if the celebrity endorser has been signed. If not, I’ll personally decide on the candidate. If one has been selected, tell them to change it." 
The subordinate hesitated for several seconds, "Change it? Mr. Ashton, changing it requires paying a penalty." 
The Parker Group’s industries would surely choose first-line popular celebrities for their advertisements. 
If the contract were to be terminated, the penalty fee would not be a small amount. 
Although the Parker Group could easily afford that amount of money, it was more ideal not to change the endorsers without a specific reason. 
Even when wealthy, money doesn’t just blow in with the wind. 
"Then pay the penalty." Frank nonchalantly tapped on the car window, "We’re not short of that money. Remember, if it has been signed, have them contact the person for termination of the contract immediately." 
"No matter how much the penalty is, just cancel it." 
"...Yes." 
Although the subordinate was puzzled, since it was what Mr. Ashton wanted, he could only follow the order. 
After hanging up the phone, Frank stared out the window for a while, lost in thought. 
This was probably all he could give her, wasn’t it? 
He wasn’t in a position to give her some things openly, and with her personality, she would never accept them if he tried. 
So, this method was the best. 
* 
Ashton Heath got off work early. 
After work, Joanna Lawrence accompanied him to a nearby mall to buy a mask for him.
###Chapter 839: Chapter 837: I Respect Your Wishes
After parking the car in the underground parking lot of the mall, Joanna hesitated for a moment before taking out a black face mask from her bag. 
In the past, she never worried about being recognized. 
With her level of fame, she seemingly blended with the crowd, so no one would know who she is. 
But now it was different. 
That day at the airport, she had been recognized by someone. 
She thought it must be because of her previous two scandals, which had caused quite a stir and made it to the hot search, that many people came to know and recognize her. 
Her so-called little fan only became her fan because of these two scandals. 
Otherwise, she was only doing minor roles before, without any works of her own. It would have been impossible for the fans to start following her at that time. 
Although she still didn’t have any works or fame now, the number of people who knew her was certainly more than before. 
For insurance purposes, she decided to cover her face. 
Ashton Heath, who was sitting beside her, saw her put on the mask. His eyebrows slightly furrowed, but he didn’t say anything. 
She was an artist. 
Once she became famous, this would be the norm whenever she went out. 
Although he could understand, the thought of going out on a date with her in secret once she became more and more famous made him feel somewhat uncomfortable. 
He didn’t like the feeling of a secretive relationship. 
Not at all. 
He would love to proclaim his love for her to the whole world, telling everyone that Joanna Lawrence was his wife, Ashton Heath. 
He wanted to be open and aboveboard. 
Hiding and disguising like this was not his style. 
But for her, he had to compromise. 
This was the profession she liked, so if he didn’t support her, would he have to oppose her? 
Even though he didn’t want her to enter the entertainment industry, he knew there was nothing he could do but to support her and protect her silently from behind. 
"Um, you won’t be angry, will you?" 
After Joanna put on the mask, she turned to look at Ashton and said, "The agreement I signed with the company states that I can’t reveal my love life for the first two years." 
She knew how possessive Ashton was as a man. 
And she knew he was a proud person. 
So, he must be unhappy about keeping the relationship a secret. 
"Not angry." Ashton reached out and tousled her hair, smiling, "I’ve read the contract. If I minded, I wouldn’t have let you sign it." 
"You really... don’t mind?" Joanna blinked in disbelief. 
If she didn’t know him, it might be okay. 
But knowing him, she knew he wouldn’t be indifferent about this matter. 
Unless he didn’t care about her at all. 
But she knew very well how much he cherished her. 
Ashton fell silent for a moment, his deep eyes resting on her small face. After a while, he finally said with a faint smile, "All right, I admit I do mind a little. Baby, I want not to care, but I can’t..." 
He sighed softly, his eyes filled with helplessness and indulgence, gazing at her tenderly, "Baby, I like you. I don’t want to hide the woman I like; I want to introduce you to everyone in my life." 
"I want them to know that you are the woman I like, my wife." 
"I really want to go public with you."
"But, I respect your wishes. If you’re not really willing, I won’t force you. When you think the time is right, we’ll go public. Anyway, we’re already together, you can’t escape, I can wait." 
He could wait two years for her.
###Chapter 840: Chapter 838: I Just Like It When You Act Wilful With Me
Joanna Lawrence looked at him with a touched expression on her face. 
Wow, what a treasure of a man Ashton Heath is. 
He’s just too good. 
Such an understanding and kind husband, she really met one. 
People say she must have saved the Milky Way in her past life, and she feels the same way now. 
In her past life, she must have done many, many good deeds. 
So, God arranged for her to meet a perfect man like Ashton Heath in this life. 
As a reward to her. 
"Ashton Heath, you’re too good to me." Joanna’s eyes filled with tears as she pounced into his arms and hugged him, acting spoiled. "Why are you treating me so well? If you treat me so well, I might become proud and spoiled." 
"I might also become more and more willful, turning into someone you don’t like." 
"Well, then just be proud and spoiled." Ashton enjoyed his little wife’s initiative to embrace him, his long arm stretched out, hugging the slender waist of the young girl, and smelling the fragrance of her hair. "You can be as willful as you want in front of me." 
"I like it when you’re willful with me." 
If she always behaved well in front of him, being docile and gentle, he didn’t think it would be a good thing. 
He didn’t need her to be like that. 
What he wanted was a real her. 
One that could act according to her own desires in front of him. 
"But that’s how all of you men are." Joanna lay in his arms, playing with the buttons on his shirt collar. "You say it’s okay now, but when a woman really becomes willful and unreasonable, you’ll find it annoying and dislike it." 
Ashton furrowed his brows slightly, looking down at her with a hint of displeasure in his expression. "Who told you that? ’You men’? Do you really know men that well?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Did he focus on the wrong thing? 
From his tone, she knew that he must be jealous again, imagining things that didn’t exist. 
Then getting jealous over his imaginary situations. 
She raised her head helplessly and smiled at him. "I read it in a book. Plus, I’ve seen many real-life examples too. Although I don’t know men that well, I think this is true, isn’t it?" 
During the honeymoon period, everything seems perfect, and even if one is willful, it won’t be a turn off. 
But after the honeymoon period... 
Although she thought Ashton was different from most men, she used to think the same of David Benington too. 
No one can predict the future. 
But at this moment, she could feel that he was genuinely caring and loving her. 
"That’s only true for some men." Ashton furrowed his eyebrows lightly, as if he was unhappy with her statement, his hand gripping her chin. Deep, dark eyes staring into hers, he whispered word by word, "But not with me." 
"I don’t know what other men are like, but I know what kind of person I am. What you just said will never happen to me. I know that saying this now doesn’t prove anything, but I’ll show you." 
"Baby, can we both have more confidence in me and in us?" 
Under his gentle and affectionate gaze, Joanna gently nodded her head. 
For Ashton Heath, she was willing to trust a little more.
###Chapter 841: Chapter 839: Her Husband is Too Cute
It’s because this man treats her exceptionally well. 
She thinks that even if he might change in the future, he won’t be as good to her as he is now. 
But she won’t regret it, right? 
At least he has given her a wonderful time. She’s happy and content within this period, and that’s enough. 
* 
After getting out of the car, 
the two of them held hands while riding the elevator to the shopping area upstairs. 
Since it wasn’t a weekend, there were fewer people around. 
Joanna quickly found a store that sold eye masks. She pulled Ashton over to choose one that suited his usual style, but he rejected everything she picked out. 
After being rejected four times in a row, Joanna started to lose her cool. 
She looked up at Ashton and asked, "Don’t you like any of these?" 
Ashton usually liked the minimalist style,
and his preferred colors were mainly black, white, and gray. 
So Joanna chose the simplest black eye mask for him. She thought this would be a simple task to finish quickly, but they had been shopping for more than ten minutes and still hadn’t made a decision. 
Ashton glanced at the eye masks hanging nearby before quietly saying, "I don’t really like them." 
"What kind do you want then?" Joanna was puzzled. 
Men’s eye masks usually look similar, and they’re not clothes or shoes with different styles to choose from. 
After another moment of silence, Ashton finally said softly, "I think the ’three items for ten dollars’ ones are nice." 
Joanna: "" 
His voice was still gentle, "They look cuter." 
"..." 
"I want that one." 
"..." 
"Let’s go. They don’t have what I want here." 
"..." 
* 
Twenty minutes later, 
the couple, who hadn’t bought anything after a round of shopping, returned to the car. 
Joanna opened her phone, entered the E-Bay store where she had previously bought eye masks, and showed the eye mask selections to Ashton one by one: "I think this bear eye mask is cute, what do you think?" 
"This kitty one is nice too." 
"How about this panda one?" 
The man was quite picky. 
Even though they were three items for ten dollars eye masks, he still took a long time to choose. 
In the end, he picked out a Donald Duck cartoon eye mask and pointed it out to Joanna, "I think this one is good." 
Joanna was exhausted from indulging him. Bu seeing that he had finally made a decision, she casually glanced at it and quickly agreed, "I also think this one is good. So we’ll go with this one?" 
"This one is good too." 
Ashton pointed at another eye mask with a ribbon bow, a Mickey Mouse design, and his handsome face was dead serious, "You’ll wear this one, and I’ll wear the Donald Duck one." 
Joanna glanced at the Mickey Mouse he pointed at and almost burst out laughing. 
Everyone knows that Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck are a pair. 
He’d spent so long choosing, and this was his true intention. 
She couldn’t help but think... Ashtonn could be too adorable sometimes. 
He was like a child. 
When she was with him, she almost forgot who he was supposed to be. 
Joanna pretended not to notice his little trick and nodded along, "Yeah, this one is also great. But are you sure you want to buy such a cheap eye mask?" 
Think about the things he’s bought for her; which one isn’t from a luxury brand? 
Which one was cheap? 
Giving him something that costs three for ten dollars made her feel a bit embarrassed. 
"Yeah."
###Chapter 842: Chapter 850: David, I don’t want to break up with you
Ashton Heath’s lips curved slightly upwards, as if in a good mood. He lowered his head and looked at the Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck figurines again, finding them more and more pleasing to the eye, "Whatever you give me, I will like." 
He had received countless expensive gifts. 
And he had no shortage of them. 
The man’s eyes were filled with tenderness as he looked at her. When he said this to her, Joanna Lawrence’s heart couldn’t help but beat faster.
Was it only her heart that was fluttering every day by her husband? 
Maybe she was being too weak-willed. 
Everyday he teased her, and with just a casual tease from him, her heart would race and her face would become hot and red. 
However, she wasn’t like this with others. It was only in front of Ashton Heath that she would have this kind of reaction. 
She thought there was nothing wrong with being infatuated with her own husband. 
After all, her husband... was just too charming. 
* 
Ashton Heath asked Cody Aberton to reserve the Secret Revolving Restaurant they had visited before. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t expect that she would encounter Annie Lawrence the first time they went there. 
And now, she encountered her again. 
The dinner was sumptuous and delicious. 
After the dinner, Joanna Lawrence went to the restroom. 
As soon as she came out of the restroom, she heard a commotion outside. 
It was the voice of a man and a woman. 
Both of their voices sounded very familiar. 
The woman seemed to have been crying, and with a sobbing voice, she growled, "No, I don’t agree. David, I don’t want to break up with you." 
Joanna Lawrence was facing the man. 
The man she was once most familiar with, but now felt extremely strange to her, had an impatient and cold expression on his face, "Annie, calm down. There are people coming and going here. It’s not good to be seen like this." 
"I can’t go back to the past with you. I decided to be with you because you said you were pregnant with my child. I wanted to be responsible for the child in your belly, so I..." 
"If it weren’t for this reason, I would never have broken up with Joanna." 
"If it weren’t for your deception, Joanna and I would be married by now." 
"Of course, the events of the past can’t be blamed entirely on you. I was foolish myself. I believed your words without taking you for a proper examination, and let Joanna go..." At this point, David’s face was filled with regret and frustration, appearing very anguished. 
Annie Lawrence opposite him, was even more emotional seeing his look. 
"So without me, what could you and Joanna Lawrence have been? You’re trying to say that without me, you two would be married, right?" Trembling with anger, Annie coldly mocked, "Now you want to break up with me, saying it’s because I deceived you. In fact, you just want to rekindle the romance, don’t you?" 
"You regret it. David, even without my deception, you would regret it. Don’t think that I don’t know what you’re thinking. All you men are like this - you never cherish what you have, only start to regret it after you lose it, and start to reminisce on your ex’s goodness." 
"When you were with Joanna, you didn’t think she was that great. But after breaking up, especially after seeing her with a new lover, you started to regret it, didn’t you? The man by Joanna’s side provoked you, making you feel like something that originally belonged to you was taken away by someone else." 
"Hahaha, all you men are so cheap. It feels like it’s about to be lost forever, and then you start to panic, feel scared, and want to recover it."
###Chapter 843: Chapter 841: Joanna Lawrence, how come you’re here?!
Annie Lawrence’s emotions grew increasingly agitated, practically gnashing her teeth. "But David Benington, do you think that by breaking up with me, Joanna Lawrence will forgive you and come back to you?" 
"Nonsense." David was a very face-conscious person, and was quite annoyed that his thoughts had been directly exposed by her. "Annie Lawrence, I was considering our past relationship and didn’t pursue the fact that you lied to me. I wanted to make a peaceful break with you. If you knew better, we would have calmly discussed the breakup, and for the sake of our past, I would have given you some benefits." 
"But if you have no self-awareness and refuse to accept the breakup, don’t blame me for not showing mercy." 
"David Benington, are you threatening me?" Annie Lawrence said hatefully. 
David’s eyes were extremely cold, so cold that even Joanna Lawrence felt he looked incredibly unfamiliar and terrifying. 
He bore no resemblance to the David she had known for the past ten years. 
His voice was equally cold, devoid of warmth, and his icy gaze at Annie Lawrence even held a hint of viciousness: "If you think it’s a threat, then it’s a threat. You’ve been deceiving me like a fool for so long, even causing me to have to break up with Joanna, and I haven’t even settled these scores with you yet." 
"Annie Lawrence, you’d better be smart about this." 
Upon saying this, David’s gaze and tone grew even colder and more ruthless: "I’m not discussing with you right now, I’m just informing you of my decision. You should know that if you provoke me, what your fate will be." 
"If you still want to keep working in the entertainment industry, just listen to me. Otherwise..." 
When he said the word "otherwise," his fierce gaze even frightened Joanna Lawrence. 
At that moment, David appeared somewhat ferocious. 
Though his face remained the same. 
But it was as if a different soul had taken over his body. 
The feeling he gave was terrifying. 
Annie Lawrence was probably frightened as well, as she fell silent for a moment. 
Perhaps worried that someone would see him and Annie together, David glanced around with some apprehension before raising his head and looking directly at Joanna Lawrence. 
He was first stunned, then his eyes filled with astonishment. 
"Jo, Joanna..." 
Not believing his own eyes, he rubbed them before looking back at the direction Joanna was standing. 
"It really is you." Seeing that Joanna was still standing there, alive and not just an illusion, he spoke with both surprise and joy, "Joanna, how come you’re here?" 
"When did you get here?"
Estimating that Joanna had probably been standing there for a while, his face changed slightly before quickly regaining his composure and attempting to explain himself, "Joanna, what did you hear? Just now, Annie and I..." 
"Joanna Lawrence, how on earth did you end up here?!" 
David’s voice was drowned out by an even louder and more piercing one. When Annie Lawrence turned her head to see Joanna Lawrence standing behind her, she looked even more astonished and shocked than David. 
Actually, Joanna hadn’t intended to eavesdrop. 
But the place where David and Annie were talking happened to block her way. 
She originally thought she would leave once this unfaithful couple had gone.
###Chapter 844: Chapter 842: Hand Over the Recording
But now that they’ve discovered her, she saw no need to hide. 
Those who always avoid others are never like her. 
She smiled, coming out of the bathroom. 
She gave them a casual look and joked, "This is a restaurant, anyone in Closia can come here to eat. Mr. David and Ms. Joanna, don’t you think your questions are a bit funny?" 
David Benington paused, his lips twitched, as if he wanted to say something. 
But before he could speak, Annie Lawrence cut in: "Joanna Lawrence, you’re just too rude. Eavesdropping on us!" 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh, "I’m eavesdropping? Come on, can you guys please not block my way when you’re talking? You’re standing in front of the bathroom door, and yet you’re blaming me for eavesdropping?" 
"Do you think I want to listen? All you ever talk about is nonsense, why would I bother eavesdropping? Since you know now that you’re in my way, would you please step aside?" 
Joanna Lawrence swept her eyes over the two of them, a clear look of disgust in her eyes: "Once I leave, you two can continue. Let me make it clear again, I have absolutely no interest in the topics you discuss." 
What Annie Lawrence hated most was her apparent aura of superiority. 
Just thinking about how Joanna Lawrence had overheard her conversation with David Benington, Annie felt mortified, as if she had lost face in front of Joanna. 
David Benington wanted to break up with her. 
And this incident was accidentally bumped into by Joanna Lawrence. 
Always being competitive, Annie Lawrence didn’t want to lose to Joanna in any way, constantly picking fights and comparing herself to Joanna. 
The reason she took David away from Joanna was somewhat because she thought he was a good pick, but mostly because he was Joanna’s boyfriend. 
Stealing David away made her feel extremely accomplished. 
But now, Joanna Lawrence had climbed onto a more powerful man. 
Naturally, she looked down on David Benington. 
All of the superiority that Annie Lawrence once had vanished into thin air. 
She realised that after the scandal involving Joanna and Frank Parker became public, Joanna had probably hooked up with Frank. 
Frank Parker, the only young master of the Parker family was not only exceptionally handsome but also incredibly wealthy and influential. 
There were countless women in Closia who wanted to latch onto him. 
Yet this scheming little wench, Joanna Lawrence, managed to hook up with him successfully. 
No wonder she was acting so high and mighty now. 
Believing she had hugged the golden thigh, she must have thought herself extraordinary, right? 
Earlier, she definitely witnessed the scene where David dumped her and must have felt even more smug. 
The more Annie thought about it, the angrier she became, and the more intolerable she found it. Infuriated, her face turned dark, and she growled through gritted teeth: "Joanna Lawrence, did you secretly record it? Are you planning to expose me to someone later, and embarrass me?!" 
"Before you leave, you must leave the recording behind!" 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback, and then she thought that Annie Lawrence must be insane. 
Was her imagination too good?
If Annie hadn’t provoked her, she wouldn’t have been interested in messing with her at all. 
"I didn’t record anything," Joanna Lawrence held back her urge to roll her eyes, "Not everyone is as despicable as you. Can you get out of my way now?" 
"It’s impossible that you didn’t record anything." Annie Lawrence stood still, her eyes fierce as she glared at her, "If you hadn’t secretly recorded everything, why would you stand behind us eavesdropping for so long? Joanna Lawrence, unless you hand over the recording, there’s no way I’m letting you leave."
###Chapter 845: Chapter 843: Getting Frank Parker’s Contact Information
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Annie Lawrence, I’ll say it again, I didn’t secretly record anything. Do you plan to let me leave or not?" Joanna was getting frustrated. 
Annie held out her hand, demonstrating no intention of making way: "You may leave, but only after I see you delete the recording with my own eyes." 
"Are you insane?" Joanna exploded, "I’ve told you that I didn’t record anything. Are you deaf?" 
"Then allow me to check your phone. If you persistently deny surreptitiously recording, you shouldn’t have a problem with me inspecting your phone, right?" 
Initially, Annie genuinely believed that Joanna had secretly recorded their conversation. 
But, she knew Joanna well. 
If Joanna denied it, then she probably hadn’t recorded anything. 
Still, she insisted on checking Joanna’s phone because it occurred to her that Joanna’s phone likely contained Frank Parker’s contact information. 
As long as she could obtain Frank’s contact information, she was confident that she could make him hers. 
Thinking of this plan, she was discreetly thrilled. 
She relished anything that could inflict pain on Joanna. 
Above all, she enjoyed stealing Joanna’s lovers. 
Just like before when she gradually lured David Benington into her bed, secretly dating David for two years behind Joanna’s back until the truth finally unraveled... 
Recalling Joanna’s expression at that moment filled her with joy. 
And this time... 
If she could successfully win over Frank, she would instantly reach the pinnacle of her life. 
By the time Annie started suspecting that Joanna and Frank Parker had an unconventional relationship, she had already lost interest in David. 
She did not date David because she liked him. 
Back then, she sought revenge and wanted to hurt Joanna. 
Another reason was that David Benington was her best option at that time. 
So when David proposed breaking up, she didn’t feel sad. 
She just wasn’t ready to break up with David that quickly. 
After all, she had David firmly under her thumb, and he served as her backup option. 
If her new plan failed, worst-case scenario, she could still marry into the Benington family, retaining the enviable status of the young lady of the Benington family. 
But she didn’t expect David’s intensity about breaking up. 
For a moment, she panicked. 
So, she wanted to complete her new plan as quickly as possible. 
Getting Frank’s contact information was the first step in her plan. 
Once she had Frank’s contact information, she was sure she could arrange a meeting with him. 
Joanna laughed at Annie’s unreasonable proposal. Folding her arms, she retorted, "What if I don’t? Annie, why do you think a word from you gives you the right to check my phone? Who do you think you are?" 
"Then you’re not leaving!" 
Annie was desperate to get Frank’s contact details, and she wasn’t about to let Joanna off that easily. 
Maybe it was her urgency, or perhaps she’d lost her rationality. Either way, she lunged forward, trying to snatch Joanna’s phone. 
"Joanna, give me your phone! You must have recorded our conversation, I can’t let you leave just like that!" 
When Annie suddenly rushed forward, Joanna was taken aback and instinctively took a step back as Annie tried to reach for her. 
Annie made a move to grab her phone, but, in the heat of the moment, her hand went for Joanna’s face instead. 
That damned little bitch. 
She seduced one man after another with that face.
###Chapter 846: Chapter 844: Like a Crazy Woman
Even a man as unattainable as Frank Parker had been successfully seduced by her. 
If it wasn’t for that face of hers... 
Or if that face wasn’t so attractive, could she still seduce men? 
When that thought crossed Annie Lawrence’s mind, her hand reached for Joanna Lawrence’s face. 
She wanted to ruin the face that disgusted her. 
Why did the men Joanna hooked up with keep getting better and better? 
Wasn’t it all because of her siren face? 
Luckily, Joanna managed to take a step back in time. 
Otherwise, her face would have been scratched. 
Annie, frustrated and embarrassed that Joanna had dodged her, grew even more furious. 
"Joanna, hand over the recording!" She tried again to snatch Joanna’s phone, hurling herself at Joanna like a madwoman, seemingly determined to fight to the death with her.
Joanna was slightly scared and kept stepping back. "Annie, are you insane! I told you, I don’t have the recording. Don’t come any closer! Don’t blame me if I’m not polite to you." 
But Annie couldn’t hear her words at all. 
Her eyes were fixated on the phone Joanna was holding, reaching out desperately to grab it. 
Joanna retreated a few more steps, her back up against the wall. She had no choice but to stop. 
As soon as she stopped, Annie pounced on her again. "Give me the phone, there must be a recording in there!" 
Joanna, unable to bear it any longer, was about to take action when David Benington quickly walked over and pulled Annie away with one hand. 
He glared at Annie, his eyes filled with disgust. "Are you out of your mind? Joanna has already said that she doesn’t have the recording. Do you know what you looked like just now? Like a mad woman. Aren’t you afraid someone would see and post it online?" 
"Annie, you’re still a signing artist with my Galaxy Agency, so watch your image!" 
Annie had always appeared gentle, obedient, and submissive in front of David. 
He initially liked this about her, thinking he needed a submissive and obedient woman who wouldn’t cause him trouble. 
Of course, Annie’s looks were no match for Joanna’s. 
But being submissive and accommodating, tender and considerate, David found her useful at times. 
He didn’t like women with a strong personality. 
They made him feel uneasy. 
Back then, David never thought Annie’s gentleness and consideration were just an act. 
So when he saw her actions just now, he was shocked. 
She was nothing like the Annie he knew. 
But he soon realized, perhaps this was Annie’s true side. 
A person’s character cannot change so drastically all of a sudden. 
If her original character was like this, then it wouldn’t be surprising. 
Thinking that he had been deceived by such a woman for years, David felt incredibly angry. 
He had actually broken up with Joanna for a woman like this; was he blind back then? 
Why didn’t he see that it was all an act? 
Not only were her personality and pregnancy fake, but everything about her was. 
Especially the latter, which made David feel like a fool, having been played for so long. 
His previous satisfaction with Annie was now replaced by intense disgust for her. 
"What did you say?!" After being pulled away by David, Annie still tried to grab Joanna’s phone, but her arm was tightly gripped by David, unable to move.
###Chapter 847: Chapter 845: Sooner or later, you’ll also be cuckolded by her!
Her face was livid with anger, and she clenched her teeth and roared, "David Benington, who are you calling a crazy bitch? You scumbag, you used to say that you liked my personality, and now you’re calling me a crazy bitch? Ha, are you trying to act all impressive in front of Joanna Lawrence?" 
"I advise you not to waste your energy. The man she’s with now is a hundred, no, a thousand times better than you. Do you think she would even look at you?" 
"Shut up!" David Benington yelled furiously. 
He knew who Annie Lawrence was talking about. 
That man... 
Even if he was unwilling to admit it, he couldn’t deny that he was no match for Frank Parker. 
Just the identity of the Parker family’s young master was enough to crush him. 
However, he did not believe that Joanna Lawrence had really hooked up with Frank Parker. 
He had known her for many years. 
She was definitely not a vain woman. 
There must be some misunderstanding about her and Frank Parker. 
That’s right, it must be a misunderstanding. 
"What, are you getting anxious?" Annie Lawrence 
had been pretending in front of David Benington because she wanted to marry into the Benington family. Now she has a new target, and David insisted on breaking up with her. Knowing she couldn’t hold on to him any longer, she didn’t want to pretend anymore. 
She glared furiously at David, "David Benington, you’re only a big deal among ordinary people. Can you compare to Mr. Parker? Even if you help Joanna now, will she even spare you a glance?" 
Even though Annie Lawrence had never really cared for David Benington, 
the sight of him defending Joanna Lawrence now filled her with insane jealousy. 
This man was someone she snatched away from Joanna Lawrence. 
And now, he wants to get back together with Joanna and even defends her openly. Wasn’t this like slapping her in the face and humiliating her? 
Who knows how smug that little bitch might be right now. 
"Annie Lawrence, I told you to shut up!" David Benington’s face was flushed with anger, and veins were popping out of his forehead. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at him coldly and laughed, "What, do you not like what you’re hearing? Well, that’s the truth. David Benington, you think I deceived you and made you lose your true love, but do you really think Joanna is that good? Even without me, one day you would have been cuckolded by her!" 
"Shut up!" David Benington roared and raised his hand to slap her across the face. 
With a loud smack, it was a quick and fierce slap that sent Annie Lawrence’s face to the side, and blood started flowing out of her mouth. 
David Benington’s chest was still heaving with anger, and he gasped, "I won’t allow you to insult Joanna. If you dare say anything bad about her again, I’ll hit you again!" 
After being slapped, Annie Lawrence was almost stunned and it took her a while to come to her senses. 
On the side, Joanna Lawrence watched in disbelief. 
She realized that she knew so little about David Benington. 
She never knew that David Benington would hit a woman. 
David Benington had always seemed like a mild-tempered and good-natured man to her. 
At least during the years they were together, he had never lost his temper with her, let alone touched her. 
In front of her, he had always been a gentle and kind man. 
She couldn’t imagine that such a man would also hit a woman. 
And the slap he had just given Annie was fierce, not holding back at all.
###Chapter 848: Chapter 846: After this, don’t bother me again!
That vicious look was really quite terrifying. 
Regardless of how ruthless Annie was, she and David Benington had been together for many years, and there must have been some feelings between them. 
But when he started hitting her just now, there was no trace of consideration for their past relationship. 
Joanna didn’t like Annie. 
But watching her being beaten by David like this, she didn’t feel any satisfaction in her heart. 
She just thought David was terrifying. 
She had zero tolerance for men who hit women. 
Even if David claimed to be defending her, she only felt scared, and nothing else. 
It took a while for Annie to recover after being hit. 
She slowly turned her head, covering her swollen half of her face with her hand, looking angrily and in disbelief at David, "David Benington, you hit me! You hit me for that bitch Joanna!" 
As soon as David heard her cursing at Joanna again, his handsome face darkened, and he raised his hand, ready to strike her face again. 
Annie saw his action, hesitated for a moment, then moved her face closer, crying and shouting, "Go ahead, hit me! Just kill me too. Our baby’s dead because of you, so just kill me along with it!" 
"What are you waiting for? Hit me!" 
"You’re supposed to be defending that little bitch Joanna, aren’t you? Go ahead, hit me!" 
Annie’s loud shout caused David’s face to change dramatically, and he immediately retracted his outstretched hand. 
He was afraid Annie’s crying would attract other people. 
If someone caught him hitting her, it would only cause trouble for him. 
He pushed Annie away, looking at her disgustedly, and said in a somewhat flustered tone, "Annie, shut up. You’re trying to attract attention, aren’t you? I have nothing more to say to a woman like you. From this moment on, we are officially breaking up." 
"In the future, don’t bother me anymore!" 
"And that child didn’t die because of me. If anyone’s to blame, it’s you. If you hadn’t deceived me from the beginning, none of this would have happened. You brought this on yourself, and you deserve it." 
David was still furious when he mentioned Annie’s deception about her pregnancy.
After he finished speaking, he didn’t want to see Annie anymore, and turned his head to look at Joanna standing nearby. 
His face, which had been full of disgust and anger a moment ago, suddenly became gentle and affectionate. 
"Joanna, are you okay?" He asked tenderly, concern in his eyes, "Were you scared just now? Are you here for dinner? Are you alone or... How about we..." 
No matter how disgusted David was with Annie, he was very fond of Joanna. 
Thinking of Annie’s ferocity and madness earlier, her ugly appearance like a shrew, and then looking at the delicate girl in front of him, wearing a white dress and looking like a fairy, the stark contrast made David’s regret even more intense. 
He had actually broken up with his fairy for a madwoman. 
He must have been bewitched back then. 
Otherwise, how could he have broken up with Joanna for someone like Annie? 
Annie was utterly unworthy of even tying Joanna’s shoes now. 
The more he regretted it, the more he wanted to make amends.
###Chapter 849: Chapter 847: Did you ask for my permission before asking my girlfriend out?
Even though Joanna had rejected him before. 
But such rejection only made him more determined and more eager to win her over. 
Before David could finish speaking, a freezing voice from behind him grew louder: "Mr. David, don’t you think it’s shameless of you to repeatedly pester someone else’s girlfriend?" 
"Did you get my consent to ask my girlfriend out?" 
David’s figure suddenly stiffened. 
Joanna raised her head to look at Ashton who was walking towards her, hesitated for a moment, then pushed David away and walked quickly towards Ashton. 
Before she reached him, Ashton stretched out his long arm and pulled her over with an expressionless face, possessively circling her waist. 
Joanna was well-behaved, pulling at the corner of his shirt and asking softly, "Why are you here?" 
She wondered if this jealous jar would get angry again. 
She knew how much Ashton disliked David. 
Fortunately, she was not alone with David, Annie was also there. 
Otherwise, his jealous jar might really spill over.
Ashton lowered his head to look at her, his eyes softening when they landed on her face: "I was worried when you didn’t come back from the restroom after so long." 
Alright then. 
Joanna, afraid that he would get jealous again, gently tugged at his sleeve and whispered to him, "I didn’t know he was dining here. I only ran into him after I came out of the restroom." 
"Hmm." Ashton’s mood seemed stable, not like he was jealous, "I know." 
Joanna glanced at him again: "You’re really not mad?" 
"No." Ashton reached out to touch her head and looked up at David standing opposite them. 
Seeing the affectionate actions between the two and hearing Ashton repeatedly claim Joanna as his girlfriend, David’s jealousy skyrocketed, his face twisted in envy. 
David stared at Ashton with a dark face. 
After a moment, Ashton smirked: "David, didn’t I warn you before not to pester my woman again? It seems that you didn’t take those words to heart, nor did you take them seriously." 
His voice was faint, and there was even a smile on his face. 
But for some reason, when David heard these words, he couldn’t help but feel a trace of fear inside. 
However, he didn’t want to appear weak in front of Joanna and lose face, so he forced himself to argue: "Joanna and I have known each other for ten years. Even if we’ve broken up, we’re still friends. How come talking to my friend is considered pestering?" 
As soon as his words fell, Joanna couldn’t help retorting, "David, I told you that after we broke up, you and I became strangers. I’m not your friend, and you shouldn’t try to establish connections that don’t exist." 
David didn’t expect her to publicly refute him. 
His face changed, feeling embarrassed, he said anxiously, "Joanna, no matter what you think, I’ve always considered you a friend. I don’t believe that you can let go of our ten-year relationship so easily." 
"I know you’re still angry with me and not willing to forgive me, so you’ve done some things to provoke me. Joanna, you don’t have to forgive me, and you can ignore me, but you can’t use hurting yourself as a way to vent your anger at me." 
David didn’t believe that Joanna had truly moved on. 
Even though the man before him was indeed very eligible.
###Chapter 850: Chapter 848: Let’s go, I don’t want to see him anymore.
But the feelings between him and Joanna Lawrence were different. 
He had the advantage of those ten years. 
This was something the man in front of him could never compare to. 
And he also knew Joanna. 
She was a girl who valued her emotions deeply. 
Ten years of feelings would not simply vanish from her heart. 
She was just angry at being betrayed by him, so she quickly found another man, trying to get revenge on him by doing so. 
If this was her revenge, then she was indeed successful. 
He was now consumed by jealousy. 
Clearly, he should be the one who was so close to her. 
He once had her, but due to his bastardly ways, he lost her. 
He regretted it now and wanted to make up for it... 
Would he still have a chance? 
Hearing his self-righteous words, Joanna was so furious that she didn’t know what to say for a moment. 
She didn’t know where David Benington got his confidence from. 
Even now, he actually still believed she liked him. 
If it was because Ashton Heath’s all-around conditions were worse than his, giving him this confidence, she could understand. 
But the fact before her eyes was that he was inferior to Ashton Heath in every aspect. 
Why did he think that her being with Ashton Heath was to spite him? 
Because of those ten years of feelings? 
Yes, she was a sentimental person. 
But for a man who betrayed her, if she still valued those feelings, it meant she was a masochist. 
"David, are you delusional?" Joanna knew that under such circumstances, she had to show her attitude in front of Ashton Heath. 
David was taken aback: "Joanna, you are..." 
"First, I’ve said that we are strangers now, please don’t address me so intimately. Second, I don’t know who gave you the confidence to think that I got a new boyfriend just to spite you. Mr. David, where do you think my boyfriend is inferior to you? He is more handsome than you, more gentle than you, more caring than you, and better than you in every way. Where do you get the confidence to think that I don’t really like him?" 
As she said this, Ashton Heath by her side, looked at her with a gentle sparkle in his eyes. 
The arm around her waist tightened slightly as well. 
Joanna’s heart was touched, she raised her eyes to meet his gaze and the corners of her lips revealed a sweet smile: "He’s a thousand times, ten thousand times better than you, and you actually think that I’m with him just to spite you, it’s laughable." 
"Mr. David, haven’t you heard a saying?" 
Ignorant to David’s ugly face, Joanna’s smile deepened: "People go uphill and water goes downhill. My boyfriend surpasses you in every aspect, and I’m with him because he has many attractive qualities that make my heart race." 
"He is so outstanding and treats me so well. I’m not crazy, so why would I like a scumbag who betrayed me instead of him? Huh, ten years of feelings? I consider those feelings to have been fed to the dogs. For me, these things are no longer important." 
"All I know is that I should cherish the person in front of me." 
After saying this, Joanna pulled Ashton Heath’s arm and whispered to him: "Let’s go, I don’t want to see him anymore." 
Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds before nodding: "Alright." 
Dealing with David Benington was not about just this one moment. 
When they got back, he would give David a good lesson.
###Chapter 851: Chapter 849: In this lifetime, I will never let you down again.
Seeing them prepare to leave, David Benington stepped forward in an attempt to stop Joanna Lawrence, "Joanna, I know I was wrong, I really do. Could you please give me another chance?" 
"As long as you forgive me, I’m willing to do anything you ask," he pleaded. 
David had only one thought in his mind right now. 
That was to win Joanna back from leaving. 
He didn’t want to let her go just like that. 
However, he’d barely taken a step before Ashton Heath turned back, his gaze cold as he looked at David. 
The depths of his eyes carried a warning, and a harsh coldness. 
David was startled by the look and didn’t dare take another step forward. 
Stubbornly, he turned to Joanna and pleaded in a low voice, "Joanna, I swear I will never betray you again. Please, can you give me another chance?" 
Joanna frowned, coldly replying, "I’ve made it clear to you. Please stop bothering me in the future, David. Have some dignity. You’ve already made your choice so don’t try to renege now." 
"But, I have regrets...." David’s eyes revealed a touch of bewilderment as he gazed at her in a daze, then mournfully admitted, "I’m full of remorse, Joanna. I realize my mistake. Can you give me another chance?" 
"I promise never to let you down again in my life." 
"Impossible," Joanna answered, each word delivered with a decisive tone. 
"Joanna...." David was persistent. Seeing Joanna’s face, even as cold as it was, still captivatingly beautiful, he couldn’t bear to let go. Overcome by impulse, he strode towards her, reaching out to grab her hand. 
But before his hand even grazed Joanna’s, there was a ’bam’ sound and he was hit straight in the face. 
The punch tossed him back onto the ground. 
As he lay on the ground, wailing and clutching his face in pain, Ashton turned him around and delivered another heavy punch. 
For scions of these wealthy families, they are trained in self-defense since childhood. 
Being hit by two successive punches, David, with no related skills, suddenly saw black, and nearly passed out. 
His face began to swell, one eye puffing up, his nose bleeding, and terrible blood vessels could be seen in his eyes. 
Ashton’s gaze still held a gleam of ice. Just as he was about to punch David once more, Joanna intervened. 
"Ashton, don’t...." 
She shook her head at him, her eyes filled with fear, "Let’s go."
She feared that if Ashton continued, it could escalate. 
Upon seeing David, seemingly lifeless on the ground, Annie Lawrence turned pale with fright. 
The joy of seeing Ashton had been replaced by fear. 
Ashton had yet to calm down. 
His chest rose and fell; he lifted his head, the chill in his eyes not entirely gone as he looked at Joanna. 
Even knowing that Ashton would never harm her, 
Joanna still felt a little fearful under his gaze. 
She didn’t realize that Ashton had already restrained a lot. 
"Ashton, let’s go." Joanna tugged at his sleeve, her voice soft and gentle, "I want to go back. Let’s go home, alright?"
###Chapter 852: Chapter 850: Caught on Candid Camera
The man’s cold gaze gradually warmed up, and after a few seconds of silence, he nodded: "Fine." 
Joanna couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief. 
She let go of his arm and instead took his hand: "Let’s go then." 
David was lying on the ground, motionless, as if he had passed out. 
However, just as Joanna was about to leave with Ashton, David’s body suddenly moved, and his lips also moved, uttering weakly, "Joanna, don’t go... " 
Ashton’s suppressed anger rose again. He tightened his grip on Joanna’s hand, turned around, and the corner of his lips formed a cold smile: "David, if you want to die, I can grant you that wish now." 
Ashton, let’s go." 
Joanna was afraid that he would lose his temper and start a fight again. 
David looked unfocused. 
His gaze floated towards Ashton, then fell back on Joanna, opening his mouth to say, "I... I’ll wait for you forever. Joanna, I... I won’t give up just like that." 
"Whatever. 
Joanna tossed this remark and hurriedly pulled Ashton away. 
At the moment they turned around, several people holding their phones for filming also turned around and quickly slipped away. 
Joanna turned around, just in time to see those hurriedly leaving figures. She frowned, having a bad feeling, "Ashton, were we just secretly filmed by someone?" 
It was normal for someone to sneak a video. 
The place they were in was not a secret location. 
It was a busy area. 
She hadn’t noticed earlier but started to worry now. 
What if they were really filmed? Had the image of Ashton hitting someone also been captured? 
The more she thought about it, the more worried she became: "What if someone really filmed it? You just..." 
Ashton had also seen those leaving figures. 
He guessed they must have been filmed too. 
Compared to Joanna’s worry and panic, he was calm, "If they filmed it, then they filmed it." 
Since he dared to act, he had considered the possibility of being filmed. 
This was a restaurant, not a private club. 
"But what you just did..." 
"Don’t worry." Ashton patted her hand and comforted her softly, "If there is any news, I’ll have the company’s PR suppress it immediately. Besides, since I was the one who acted, even if there’s any negative impact, it won’t affect you." 
"At that time, I will take all responsibility on myself." 
"But won’t this have a negative impact on you?" Joanna still looked worried. 
"I’m not in the entertainment industry." Ashton said indifferently, "I don’t care how others see me. Alright, don’t worry about this anymore, if I say it’s fine, then it’s fine." 
"Okay." 
Joanna felt that she might be worrying too much. 
He was the President of the Heath Group, rich and powerful. There was nothing he couldn’t handle. 
When she had those scandals before, he quickly suppressed them as soon as he stepped in. 
With that thought, she wasn’t worried anymore. 
* 
After leaving the restaurant, the two went home. 
Joanna had to fly back to Frankfurt early the next morning, so they needed to rest early that night. 
After getting ready for bed, she went to sleep. 
Ashton knew that she had to get up early, so he didn’t bother her that night. The two of them acted like a peaceful, couple, embracing each other and resting early. 
The next day, Joanna got up at five o’clock in the morning.
###Chapter 853: Chapter 851: The Treatment is Simply Too Good
Ashton Heath accompanied her. After they got up, washed, and had breakfast, he took her to the airport. 
* 
Three hours later, she arrived in Frankfurt. 
Nina picked her up from the airport. They hailed a taxi and went straight to the film set. 
Gary White moved quickly. In just one day, he had confirmed the new Female Lead 3. 
She was a very pretty actress, not a newcomer, and quite popular. Joanna Lawrence knew her. 
Everyone in the film crew was waiting for the new Female Lead 1 that Gary had chosen. 
They all knew that Lisha Alcock could no longer be the lead actress in this TV series. 
But most people still didn’t know who the new actress was. 
So when Gary White brought Joanna Lawrence in front of everyone and told them that she would be playing Female Lead 1, everyone’s faces were momentarily filled with amazement. 
Everyone looked utterly surprised. 
No one would have ever thought that Joanna Lawrence would be chosen as the new Female Lead 1. 
No doubt Gary White liked using newcomers. 
But this was the first time he had chosen a newcomer like Joanna Lawrence, who was so new that she didn’t even have a signature role. 
A few days ago, there had been whispers going around the film crew. 
Everyone was guessing whether or not Gary White had taken a liking to this young newcomer. 
Now that this news was announced, it clearly confirmed those rumors. 
Otherwise, why would Gary White give the role of Female Lead 1 to her?
There were many beautiful and talented actresses in the industry. 
Was it necessary to give such an important role to a newcomer? 
This kind of behavior was utterly risky. 
It could be seen that Gary White truly liked this young newcomer and was prepared to promote her. 
Everyone’s perception of Joanna Lawrence had changed significantly. 
After Gary White finished the introductions, the crowd dispersed and everyone went about their business. 
Maddox Allenson stood there, hesitated for a few seconds, and then stepped forward to Joanna Lawrence and said: "Joanna, congratulations." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded politely and replied, "Thank you, Mr. Allenson." 
Her tone was significantly colder than before, filled with an evident detachment. 
Being the emotionally intelligent man that Maddox was, he could certainly feel it. 
He also understood why Joanna Lawrence was distancing herself from him. 
She had a boyfriend now and probably didn’t want to be involved in any more scandals that might upset her boyfriend. 
He had met that man - a man with very high levels of possessiveness. 
He certainly wouldn’t like to see his girlfriend involved in scandals with other men. 
And Joanna Lawrence cared about him, right? 
Although Maddox understood all this, it made him feel terrible. 
Being avoided and evaded by the person he liked, not even being able to be ordinary friends... 
He must control his urge to approach her. 
Because he did not want to cause her any more trouble. 
But it was truly difficult. 
After she responded to him, Joanna Lawrence nodded at him again and then turned to leave. 
Watching her back as she walked away, Maddox slowly clenched his fists. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence went to the Makeup Room with the other actors to get her makeup done and change clothes. 
This time, her treatment was much better than before. 
As the lead actress, she didn’t have to share a makeup artist with others and even had her own Makeup Room - her treatment was superb. 
Everyone was very courteous towards her. 
Even another female actor called her "Sister Joanna", even though she was visibly older than Joanna. 
During the makeover, the makeup artist kept complimenting her skin, saying she had a great foundation, and any makeup look would suit her well.
###Chapter 854: Chapter 852: This Must Be the Real No-Makeup Queen
Joanna Lawrence was a bit embarrassed by the compliments. 
The makeup artist continued to praise her: "Ms. Joanna, your skin is really so good and delicate, it doesn’t even need any powder to cover pores. How do you usually take care of your skin? What skincare products do you use?" 
"Could you reveal it? Your skin quality really makes people envious. Among the female artists I’ve worked with, your skin is the best." 
Although the makeup artist might be flattering, she was speaking from the heart. 
Indeed, Joanna’s skin was the best among all the female artists she had worked with. 
Her appearance was also the most outstanding. 
It was much better than the so-called "natural beauty queen" in the entertainment circle. 
This must be the real natural beauty queen. 
Even without makeup, she was stunningly beautiful. With makeup, she was even more breathtaking. 
If it weren’t for her close contact with Joanna and confirming that she was indeed in a makeup-free state, she wouldn’t believe that someone could be so gorgeous without makeup. 
Other female artists’ so-called makeup-free photos are more or less edited. 
Or they’re fake no-makeup looks, with foundation and blush applied. 
But Joanna was truly makeup-free. She had just removed her makeup with cleansing water and witnessed it herself. 
No wonder Gary White, a man with such high standards, was smitten by her.
This new actress was indeed an extraordinary beauty. 
"Um... " Joanna said awkwardly, "I don’t really do much skincare routines, I just use masks more frequently." 
Ashton Heath had bought her a pile of luxury skincare products. 
But she seldom used them. 
Regarding skincare, she was always inconsistent, applying only when she remembered, and most of the time, she just used face masks. 
The makeup artist became even more envious after hearing this. 
"You have such great skin without much skincare? Ms. Joanna, you really have natural beauty." 
Since Joanna had an excellent base, the makeup artist could work efficiently. 
Originally, it was scheduled to take two hours for makeup, but it only took half the time to finish. 
After the makeup was set, the makeup artist couldn’t help but exclaim: "It’s perfect, without a single flaw. Ms. Joanna, do you know how easy it is to do your makeup? I barely have to do any modifications." 
"Your facial features are very profound, making your makeup look exceptionally beautiful." 
"Director White has a great eye. As soon as the makeup is done, it gives off the vibe of Female Lead 1. Ms. Joanna, are you satisfied? If there’s anything you’re not happy with, I can modify it for you." 
Joanna’s original appearance was more of a pure and ethereal style. 
However, the character she was portraying was a more charming and feminine woman. 
Her initial appearance seemed a bit immature, and her temperament didn’t quite match the character of the female lead. 
But the makeup artist had a pair of skillful hands. 
Once the makeup was set, her style and temperament changed greatly. 
Joanna looked in the mirror and saw a slightly unfamiliar reflection of herself, marveling at how makeup was almost like a disguise. 
She had previously worried that her appearance was not suitable for the image of the female lead. 
But now, she had entirely dispelled such concerns. 
She turned her head and smiled at the makeup artist: "I’m very satisfied, thank you." 
The makeup artist replied: "You’re welcome. I’m glad you’re satisfied, Ms. Joanna." 
This makeup artist had a certain status and reputation in the industry. 
Originally, she didn’t need to be so courteous to a newcomer like Joanna.
###Chapter 855: Chapter 853: Steering with the Wind
But now, everyone in the film crew knows that this newbie has gotten close to Gary White, and Gary White is very fond of her. 
As long as Gary White wants to promote a female artist, is there any artist he can’t make successful? 
Moreover, the looks and appearance of this newbie are indeed eye-catching, so she has a high probability of becoming famous in the future. 
So, whether it’s because of Gary White or other reasons, it’s always right to be courteous to her now. 
* 
Joanna leaves the Makeup Room after putting on makeup and changing clothes. 
Several female artists who were previously siding with Lisha Alcock and secretly making things difficult for her came up to her, and after walking up to her, greeted her proactively: "Hey, Joanna, have you finished your makeup yet? Wow, your makeup looks so beautiful." 
"Yeah, it really suits you." 
"Gary White has such a good eye, Joanna, you’re perfect for the role of Female Lead 1." 
"Actually, I thought Joanna was more suitable for the role of Female Lead 1 than Lisha Alcock from the beginning, but Lisha Alcock just had a bit more fame. Fortunately, Gary White likes to work with new talents, otherwise, it would have been a pity for Joanna to miss this role." 
Several people complimented each other back and forth, praising her very directly. 
Moreover, there was no embarrassment on their faces. 
But Joanna felt very embarrassed listening to them. 
Although these female artists didn’t do anything substantially unfavorable to her, they did indeed side with Lisha Alcock to isolate her before. 
Now they shamelessly act as if nothing happened, and chat with her like they are very close. 
She really felt embarrassed. 
And she thought these people were simply too realistic. 
"Wow, you guys really have no shame. Weren’t you ignoring Joanna before? At that time, you were so close to Lisha Alcock. Why are you now talking bad about her again?" 
"This skill of changing with the wind is really admirable." 
Nina handed a cup of throat-moistening water to Joanna and sarcastically criticized the several female artists without showing any mercy. 
She had seen how they treated Joanna before. 
Now seeing them change their attitudes and start flattery, she was very unhappy. 
The several female artists were criticized by her without any mercy, their faces changed instantly. 
It looked like they wanted to get angry, but they had to hold it back because of their concerns. 
"Alright, Nina, stop talking." Joanna didn’t want to deal with these opportunistic female artists, but she also didn’t want to completely offend them. 
Nina said a few words, and seeing the obviously darkened faces of the several female artists, she regretted it a little. 
She acted impulsively and irrationally. 
Fortunately, these female artists only had average popularity, and they were all just small roles in the TV series, not as threatening as Lisha Alcock. 
The several female artists initially came to flatter Joanna. 
Seeing that Joanna was indifferent to them and was scolded by Nina, they felt bored and left one by one dejectedly. 
Watching their retreating figures, Nina couldn’t help but snort coldly: "Humph, flatterers. I really hate these kind of people who change with the wind. They used to lick Lisha Alcock’s boots, and now that Lisha has an issue, they immediately come to kiss up to you, Joanna." 
"Joanna, don’t pay any attention to them." 
Joanna nodded: "I wasn’t planning to care about them in the first place." 
"Joanna, this makeup looks especially good on you." Nina’s eyes moved away from those female artists,
###Chapter 856: Chapter 854: Do I Look Like Director White?
She looked at Joanna Lawrence, with astonishment in her eyes, "You look so different from usual. It’s like you’ve changed into someone else." 
Joanna touched her face, "I feel like I’ve changed too. I wonder what Director White thinks?" 
Just as she finished speaking, she heard Gary White’s voice behind her, "Not bad, I think it’s pretty good too." 
Upon hearing the voice, Joanna turned her head. 
Gary White stood behind her, hooking his lips while looking her up and down. He then said with a smile, "The makeup feels just like what I imagined. What do you think, are you familiar with the script, and do you have confidence in today’s film shooting?" 
Actually, Joanna wasn’t too sure about herself. 
But Gary White valued her so much, she definitely couldn’t answer like that. 
She thought for a moment and then said, "Yes, I am confident. I will do my best to act well." 
Gary White nodded, "Don’t put too much pressure on yourself; relaxing can actually help you perform better. Get ready, and I’ll have someone come get you when it’s time to start shooting." 
After giving instructions, Gary White left to attend to other tasks. 
Nina exclaimed to the side, "Joanna, I think Director White is really good to you. He takes great care of you." 
"Really? How can you tell?" 
"Have you noticed that although he doesn’t seem to have trouble speaking, most people are afraid of him? And, he rarely talks to other actors in the film crew. But in front of you, he comes off as much friendlier." 
"When he talks to you, his tone is particularly gentle." 
"And also." 
Nina looked closely at Joanna for a moment and then said, "I think you and Director White look alike." 
Gary White’s appearance was also extremely handsome. 
Even though he had the face of a young idol, he walked the path of a seasoned actor. 
Nina hadn’t noticed this before. 
Now that she suddenly realized it, she thought there were quite a few similarities in their facial features. 
But she didn’t think too much about it; she felt that perhaps good-looking people just have many similarities. 
"I look like Director White?" Joanna hadn’t noticed this yet. Hearing her say that, she couldn’t help but be taken aback for a moment. 
"Yeah, both of you have a pair of beautiful eyes, your noses are similar, and so are your mouths..." Just as Nina finished saying this, she paused for a few seconds before continuing, "If someone said you two were siblings, I wouldn’t doubt it at all." 
Because of her words, an odd feeling crossed Joanna’s heart. 
She hesitated for a few seconds and asked, "Do you think Director White and I look like siblings?" 
"Yes," Nina bit her lip and pondered for a moment, then said, "The feeling when you two interact is quite sibling-like. And I think the way Director White looks at you is like he’s looking at his own sister." 
So, the rumor in the film crew that Gary White had fallen for Joanna was complete nonsense, alright? 
Putting aside the fact that Gary White was just taking care of Joanna, even if Joanna didn’t have a boyfriend, Nina felt that Gary White’s care for her wasn’t the type of care a man had for a woman he liked. 
There is a difference between the kind of affection between men and women and the kind of affection between siblings. 
And it’s quite easy to tell the difference. 
Joanna was silent for a while, and that strange feeling emerged in her heart again. 
But she didn’t know what exactly was strange.
###Chapter 857: Chapter 855: Is there Yogurt?
When she was with Gary White, she felt a sense of sibling connection. 
She even thought, if Gary White was her brother, that would be great. 
* 
The filming went smoothly. 
Joanna Lawrence’s performance was even better than she had imagined. 
Many shots were done in one take. 
Maddox Allenson’s acting was great, so he was particularly good at bringing out the best in the other actors. 
When Joanna and Maddox practiced acting together, she was easily drawn into the plot by his fast-paced acting. Their incredible compatibility was a result of one having great acting skills and the other being highly adaptive. 
The most satisfied person was still Gary White. 
When he first picked Joanna as Female Lead 1, he wasn’t actually sure if she was really suitable. 
He also had a bit of a selfish motive. 
He thought this girl was very likeable and he liked her a lot, so when looking for a new Female Lead 1, he thought of her first. 
Originally, there were others more suitable than Joanna. 
But after contemplating, he decided to give the opportunity to this girl who gave him such a good impression. 
Joanna’s performance didn’t disappoint him at all. 
It even made him feel pleasantly surprised, like he had bet on the right person. 
Her performance was exactly the kind of Female Lead 1 he wanted. 
At the beginning, Lisha Alcock’s performance was already quite good. 
However, as a newcomer, Joanna was even slightly better than Lisha. 
Because both the Male and Female Lead 1 performed so well, the filming went unexpectedly smooth, completing three hours ahead of the originally planned eight o’clock. 
Gary White was in a good mood, so he generously invited the film crew to have dinner together that evening. 
As the Male Lead 1 and Female Lead 1 of the film crew, Joanna and Maddox Allenson both agreed to attend the dinner. 
* 
The dinner took place at a five-star hotel. 
Gary White was wealthy and generous, inviting several tables of people, each with a price of tens of thousands. 
After the dinner, he booked the venue for the evening entertainment at the best entertainment venue in Frankfurt, at his own expense. 
As Female Lead 1, Joanna naturally could not be absent and went to the venue in Gary White’s car after dinner. 
Gary White reserved several private rooms. 
Joanna, Maddox, and some key crew members had one private room. 
The remaining private rooms were for another group of people. 
Men gathering together always ended up drinking. 
Some female artists had to accompany them for drinks. 
Among this group of people, Joanna was the only special one. 
In front of everyone, Gary White directly said that no one was allowed to toast her, as she couldn’t drink. 
He then asked her what she would like to drink. 
Under the varying gazes of the crowd, Joanna blushed and fell silent for a while, then asked in a very small voice, "Do you have yogurt?" 
After asking that, she felt like she had asked a question she shouldn’t have. 
This was an entertainment venue. 
How could there be yogurt here? 
She then immediately changed her words, "Milk is okay too, and if not available, I can just drink water." 
Gary White nodded, called a waiter, and asked, "Do you have yogurt here?" 
The called waiter was taken aback, a little confused, and after a few seconds, respectfully replied, "Mr. White, we don’t have yogurt here." 
"But this young lady wants yogurt, what should we do?" 
Gary White sat on the black sofa with his legs crossed. He seemed very laid-back and relaxed when not working, and the gesture of tugging at his shirt button exuded an air of unruly playboys and noble children.
###Chapter 858: Chapter 856: What are you all thinking about, this is my cousin
In his non-working state, he was completely different from the serious and dedicated person at work. 
The waiter knew Gary White’s identity. 
Frank sat on the black sofa with his legs crossed, looking very languid and relaxed when he wasn’t working. The motion of him stretching out and pulling at his shirt buttons gave a sense of a sloppy noble child. 
In his non-working state, he was completely different from the serious and dedicated person at work. 
The waiter knew Gary White’s identity. 
So it was clear that this was someone who couldn’t be offended. 
If the young master of the White family wanted to drink yogurt, they had to find a way to get it for him even if Luxe Lounge didn’t have it. 
Not to mention just a box of yogurt. 
If he said he wanted to eat grilled skewers now, they would still have to go buy it for him. 
"Mr. White, although we don’t have yogurt in the Luxe Lounge, it’s available for sale outside. I’ll go buy it right away, but please wait a little while." 
When Joanna Lawrence heard how troublesome it was, she immediately said she didn’t want yogurt anymore. 
Gary White glanced at her and said with a smile, "If you want to drink it, just let them go buy it. It’s their honor to run errands for you. What flavor do you like?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Then, I’ll have strawberry flavor." 
The waiter quickly went to buy strawberry-flavored yogurt for her. 
In the private room, a group of people looked at each other, then secretly glanced at Gary White, and then again at Joanna Lawrence, redefining her in their minds. 
It seemed that Gary White really pampered this newcomer. 
The affection in his eyes and words clearly showed that he liked this newcomer very much. 
Coming to a place like this and asking to drink yogurt seemed like an intentional act. 
But Gary White actually let her do it without showing any dissatisfaction.
Didn’t everyone know that Gary White hated troublesome women the most? 
All the female artists in the private room were drinking, but he was the only one who didn’t let this newcomer drink. 
It was like treating her like a girlfriend. 
This newcomer was really lucky. 
She was actually favored by Gary White. 
Not to mention anything else, with the love of Gary White, she can definitely be successful in the entertainment industry. 
Many female artists can’t even hope for this. 
The other female actors in the private room showed envious expressions, with a hint of jealousy. 
But they also knew that some things couldn’t be achieved by envy. 
Despite their sour feelings, they had to admit that Joanna Lawrence was more beautiful than them. 
And she was younger. 
Young and beautiful, with a gentle and clever appearance that men like, it was normal to be appreciated by Gary White. 
No matter how high Gary White’s standards are, he is still a normal man. 
It’s normal to be attracted to beautiful women. 
"Director White really cares about Ms. Joanna. I’ve been out with you several times, but this is the first time I’ve seen you take care of someone like this. I’ve never seen you let any female artist drink yogurt." 
A producer said with a smile, holding his wine glass, giving ambiguous glances at Gary White and Joanna Lawrence. 
Gary White was familiar with him and gave him a lazy glance with a light and airy voice that couldn’t be ignored, "Nonsense, she’s my sister. You all help take care of her from now on." 
Gary White’s words were casual. 
But the people present all showed a surprised expression. 
Sister? 
Did he mean a romantic sister, or... 
As if guessing what the group of people were thinking, Gary White publicly reached out and rubbed Joanna Lawrence’s head, then said indifferently, "What are you all thinking? She is my cousin."
###Chapter 859: Chapter 857: Became a Delicious Treat
"Don’t think that I was not aware of the rumors you all were spreading recently. I’ve just been ignoring you, and you guys actually believed them?" 
"From now on, if anyone talks nonsense again, I’ll shut their mouths." 
When Gary White mentioned that Joanna Lawrence was his cousin, not only were the people present shocked. 
Joanna herself was also shocked. 
When did she... become Gary White’s cousin? 
However, she didn’t ask on the spot. 
The producer was stunned for a few seconds, then turned his head to look at Joanna with apparent surprise, "Ms. Joanna is Director White’s cousin?" 
Joanna faced the producer’s obviously skeptical gaze and hesitated for a moment before nodding her head, "Yes, Frank is my cousin." 
"So, you two are cousins." 
The producer was stunned for a few more seconds, his face showing a sudden realization. 
"No wonder Director White takes such good care of you. Relatives should take good care of each other. Since Ms. Joanna is Director White’s cousin, she will be our cousin from now on. Director White, rest assured, we will definitely take good care of her." 
Those who had suspected Gary White’s interest in Joanna were also astonished. 
This answer was obviously beyond their expectations. 
However, they quickly believed Gary White’s words. 
It’s true that Gary White has been in the entertainment industry for so many years and he has never been attracted to women. 
How could he suddenly fall in love at first sight with a newbie? 
It didn’t match his style of doing things at all. 
Turns out, he’s her cousin. 
Then his previous behavior can be explained. 
Of course, he would provide special care to his relatives. 
He pretended not to know her before, probably because he is low-profile and didn’t want people to know his real relationship with Joanna. 
He chose to reveal it today, perhaps because the rumors from the TV series set were getting out of hand, and if he didn’t refute them, it would definitely have a negative impact on Joanna in the future. 
After believing that Joanna was Gary White’s cousin, those female artists who were initially jealous and resentful of her immediately wanted to get closer to her. 
In their minds, Joanna was no longer the hateful woman who snatched their beloved Director White away. 
Instead, she had become a sweet treat they wanted to get close to, get to know, and befriend. 
After all, she’s the sister of Director White. 
If they could get on good terms with her, it would definitely benefit them in the future. 
Immediately, a female artist brought a glass of wine to Joanna and politely offered her a toast. 
Other female artists saw this and followed suit, bringing drinks to toast her as well. 
After the female artists had given their toasts, other staff members also rushed to pay their respects to this "cousin" of theirs. 
For them, Joanna’s "cousin" status was more reliable than a girlfriend, and it was a relationship worth getting acquainted with. 
Although a new artist may be favored for a while, one day they might fall out of favor. 
But relatives will always be relatives. 
That certainly held more weight than a short-lived romance. 
For a moment, Joanna became the sweet treat everyone desired, while Gary White, who should have been the star, was temporarily sidelined. 
Since Gary White had informed everyone beforehand, the drinks Joanna had while toasting with others were all lemon water. 
After a round of toasting, Maddox Allenson, who had been sitting on the other side of the sofa, slowly stood up, took a glass of wine and walked towards her. 
"Ms. Joanna." The lighting in the private room was a bit dim, casting Maddox’s long shadow on the floor. He stopped a few steps away from Joanna, his eyes downcast, "May I also propose a toast to you? Working with you today has been a pleasure. I hope our future collaborations will always be this smooth."
###Chapter 860: Chapter 858: She Finally Smiled at Him
The private room was filled with people from the film crew. 
At this moment, Joanna Lawrence was no longer worried about being secretly photographed. 
So she held up her cup confidently and smiled at him, "I hope our future collaborations will continue to be smooth. Mr. Allenson, thank you for taking such good care of me today. It was a pleasure to practice acting with you." 
Maddox Allenson looked at the smile on her face and was stunned for two seconds. He felt that all the unhappiness and unpleasantness of the day had disappeared at this moment. 
She looked so beautiful when she smiled. 
She finally smiled at him. 
Not like before, distant and cold, avoiding him as much as possible except when they were working. 
He really hated that feeling. 
She could keep her distance from him, 
Even being ordinary friends would be enough, 
That way, they could at least have some contact in private. 
But she was unwilling to be even an ordinary friend. Such alienation and coldness truly made him feel uncomfortable. 
He never knew that the feeling of liking someone could be like this. 
It wasn’t sweet, nor was it happy, and there was no happiness... 
Instead, it was heartache. 
All emotions, happiness and sadness, were being led by this person. 
Even if she had been cold and distant to him before... 
But when she smiled, he felt that the world was beautiful again. 
In the world of love, 
The side that isn’t loved is so humble. 
After toasting, Maddox Allenson turned and returned to his seat.
As soon as he left, several female actresses from the crew approached him with their glasses of wine. 
He was Male Lead 1 in the TV series. 
Moreover, he was the most popular male artist at the moment, so naturally, there were many people who wanted to establish a good relationship with him. 
It wasn’t long before the waiter brought in several boxes of strawberry-flavored yogurt. 
Joanna hugged the yogurt and took small sips in a corner. 
As she finished one box of yogurt and was about to grab another, Gary White handed a microphone to her, "Do you want to sing a song? What do you want to sing? I’ll have someone order it for you." 
He was asking Joanna, but before she could reply, he asked with raised eyebrows and a smile, "Do you know how to sing ’Three Inches of Lovesickness?’" 
Joanna paused and nodded, "A little..." 
This song was a recent hit, and Joanna liked it after listening to it just once. So she had learned it. 
Basically, she could sing it. 
"Then sing this one." 
Without asking for her opinion, Gary White called someone to order the song and handed the microphone to Joanna, "Just relax and have fun. It’s no fun to stay in the corner by yourself." 
Joanna took the microphone, only to find that everyone in the private room was looking at her. 
She pursed her lips, feeling somewhat embarrassed, "I don’t sing very well, so if it’s not pleasant to hear, please don’t mind." 
People immediately began to flatter her, "Ms. Joanna is being too modest. Your singing must be heavenly." 
"Indeed, with Ms. Joanna’s voice, her singing must be amazing." 
"We are all waiting for Ms. Joanna to cleanse our ears with her singing." 
They all complimented Joanna, one after another, in the most sycophantic and obsequious way possible. 
Joanna felt awkward listening to them. 
However, she truly experienced the preferential treatment she received as Gary White’s "cousin." 
Everyone was flattering her. 
It seemed that they really believed her to be in a close family relationship with Gary White. 
Joanna thought about it, and decided that this was a good thing.
###Chapter 861: Chapter 859: Come With Me To A Place Immediately
It would be much better for them to think that she and Gary White were relatives than to assume their relationship was that of lovers and sugar daddy. 
From now on, no one would wildly guess about their relationship. 
This would avoid many rumors. 
Moreover, with the identity of Gary White’s "cousin", it would also help prevent many people from targeting her. 
She wondered if Gary White had considered all these issues as well, so that’s why he had told people she was his cousin. 
Soon, the song Joanna chose began to play. 
The group who praised her and flattered her only cared about Gary White’s face, just saying what they should say. 
They had no idea whether Joanna’s singing was good or not. 
So after flattering her, they all minded their own business again. 
Even Gary White continued drinking with others. 
He chose a song for Joanna just because he saw her sitting alone and worried that she might feel bored. 
But as soon as Joanna’s singing came out, the noisy private room became quiet almost instantaneously. 
An ethereal, pure voice without a trace of impurity echoed like a Heavenly Melody in the private room. 
"Three Inches of Lovesickness" was a song with a touch of ancient style. 
The original singer’s voice was already impressive, but as soon as Joanna started singing, it seemed everyone forgot what the original voice was like. 
What lingered in their ears was only her voice. 
A unique singing voice that left a deep impression after just one listen. 
Joanna’s singing voice was different from her usual speaking voice. 
Her normal voice sounded soft and cute, with a hint of immaturity. 
But her singing voice...it was almost impossible to find any flaws. 
Perfect to an incredible degree. 
Even those who were flattering her at first were astonished. 
They didn’t expect her to sing so well. 
It really was a Heavenly Melody. 
Joanna was so absorbed in singing that she didn’t notice the surprised faces of those around her. 
It wasn’t until she finished singing that she realized the private room had become unusually quiet. 
She turned her head in confusion, only to see Gary White looking at her with a somewhat strange expression. 
The others in the private room were also staring at her. 
Feeling a little uneasy, she put down the microphone and whispered to Gary White, "Mr. White, what’s the matter? Did my singing sound terrible and disturb everyone?" 
Hearing her voice, Gary White seemed to come back to his senses, and after looking at her intently for a few seconds, he expressed his surprise, "Why didn’t you tell me you could sing so well?" 
"Huh?" 
"You sing very well." 
Underneath Gary White’s eyes, an undercurrent surged with excitement. He immediately had someone select another song, signaling Joanna to sing one more for him to listen. 
Of course, she didn’t refuse his request. 
So she sang another one. 
After she finished singing, she noticed that the excitement in the depths of Gary White’s eyes seemed to have grown thicker. 
As he stared at Joanna, he looked as if he were beholding a newly unearthed treasure, his excitement and delight undisguised. 
"Joanna, you must come with me to a place right away." 
* 
Not waiting for the party to end, Gary White suggested leaving early. 
Joanna followed Gary White out. 
Joanna didn’t know what he was going to do, but since Gary White asked her to go with him, she had no choice but to listen. 
They left the private room.
###Chapter 862: Chapter 860: I Guarantee, You’ll Be Absolutely Satisfied
Joanna originally wanted to ask Gary White where they were headed. 
But as soon as Gary left the private room, he took out his phone and made a call. 
Joanna followed him and overheard him saying to the person on the phone: "I think I’ve found the soulful singer you’ve been looking for." 
"Yes, I’m bringing her over to meet you now." 
"I guarantee you’ll be completely satisfied." 
After a few more words, Gary hung up the phone. 
Joanna, who had been following him, was puzzled: "" 
Was Gary talking about her just now? 
Did he leave early because he wanted to bring her to meet his friend? 
Curious, she couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. White, where are we going now?" 
After finishing his phone call, Gary noticed Joanna behind him. He paused, waiting for her to catch up before resuming his slow walk and answered. 
"To meet a friend of mine, a quite famous musician. In the past, any work he composed or wrote lyrics for became massively popular. He has also made many so-called Kings and Queens of Pop. Most of the A-List Celebrities he helped promote have retired, and it’s difficult for him to find new ones who meet his standards." 
"So, he’s pretty much semi-retired now. He’s been looking for the right newcomer to produce a new album, and he has put a lot of effort into this particular project." 
"The new album is almost finished, but he hasn’t found the voice he’s been looking for." 
As Joanna listened, she slowly began to understand. 
Pointing to herself, she asked, "Mr. White, do you think I’m the newcomer he’s looking for?"
"Yes, I’ve just heard you sing. I believe he will definitely be satisfied." 
"Mr. White, thank you for giving me so many opportunities. May I ask, who is your friend?" Joanna was quite curious about this. 
Having promoted numerous Kings and Queens of Pop in the past? 
That must be a truly amazing musician. 
In her mind, she had a faint guess of who it might be, but she wasn’t sure. 
Because the person she was thinking of was far too amazing. 
So amazing that she couldn’t believe it would actually be him. 
In a casual tone, Gary White revealed a name: "Gerard North." 
"Cough, cough, cough." 
Joanna was so surprised that she choked and started coughing violently. 
Her face turned red as she coughed, her eyes wide with disbelief and shock. 
It was really Gerard North. 
How could it possibly be Gerard North? 
That the musician Mr. White was taking her to see was none other than Gerard North? 
Gerard North is regarded as the "Godfather of Music" in the music industry. Several Kings and Queens of Pop have been made famous by his hand. 
These were the true Kings and Queens of Pop. 
But even in front of Gerard North, they would address him as their teacher. 
It could be said that many of the classic songs from the past were created by Gerard North. 
He was truly a myth in the music industry. 
And now, Mr. White was taking her to meet such an incredible person. Joanna felt as if she was dreaming. 
It didn’t seem real at all. 
"Are you alright?" Gary White patted her back, raising an eyebrow and chuckling, "Are you really that excited?" 
Joanna’s coughing gradually subsided, but her face was still full of disbelief: "Are you really taking me to meet Gerard North? The one who made Tina Garmston and Zhou Yun famous?" 
Gary White nodded, "Who else could it be?"
###Chapter 863: Chapter 861: How great would it be if Joanna Lawrence really were his sister?
"Is it really him?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s face showed disbelief. After confirming that the person she was going to meet was the "Godfather of Music" Gerard North, she suddenly became nervous. 
She stopped and tugged at Gary White’s sleeve. "Mr. White, I think we’d better not go." 
Gary’s steps also paused, he looked down at her and asked in confusion, "Why? Don’t you want to meet Gerard North?" 
This was an opportunity that many people could only dream of. 
Even though Joanna was not in the music industry. 
But having the chance to meet such a big shot, no one would refuse. 
"It’s not that," Joanna honestly told him, "I’m just a little scared." 
"Scared?" Gary raised an eyebrow, finding it a bit amusing. "What are you afraid of?" 
"I think Gerard North is a very serious person. He doesn’t seem very approachable." In front of Gary, Joanna always spoke her mind. She thought about Gerard’s stern demeanor and felt a little afraid. 
She hadn’t had any contact with Gerard before. 
But she did know a little about him. 
It was said that he was a bit eccentric, and even Tina Garmston, who had worked with him for many years, admitted to being afraid of him sometimes. 
Especially when he was in work mode, he didn’t care about anyone else. 
If one’s performance didn’t meet his expectations, he wouldn’t care who they were and wouldn’t show any mercy. 
Scolding was still inevitable. 
Even an A-list celebrity like Tina Garmston had been scolded by him before. 
As a newcomer, Joanna really couldn’t help but be scared when she was suddenly told she was going to meet him. 
Hearing her reason for being afraid of Gerard, Gary couldn’t help but chuckle, patting her head with a touch of indulgence he didn’t even notice himself. "What’s there to be afraid of? I’m here with you; he can’t eat you alive, can he?" 
"He’s not as scary as you think. If he dares to be fierce to you, I’ll back you up and help you fight back, alright?" 
"Joanna, this is a great opportunity. Since you have talent in singing, you shouldn’t waste it." Gary suddenly became serious. "I know you want to develop in the entertainment industry, but there’s no need to reject other opportunities." 
"Isn’t it better to develop in multiple fields, like both the film and music industries? I have resources in this area, and I can introduce you to people so you can take fewer detours. If you’re only avoiding meeting him because you’re genuinely afraid of Gerard, then you can rest assured." 
A smile appeared on his face again, and he said with a grin, "You’re the person I brought with me; he has to give me face and won’t be too serious in front of you." 
Of course, Joanna knew Gary was doing this for her benefit. 
He truly treated her like a younger sister. 
Not only did he give her the opportunity to play Female Lead 1, but he also brought her to meet Gerard North. 
He had just given her some sincere advice as well. 
If she continued to refuse, it would really be ungrateful. 
"Alright, Mr. White, I’ll go with you." With trust in her eyes, her black, soft gaze rested on Gary, as she spoke softly, "I believe in you." 
Seeing her obedient appearance, Gary couldn’t help but pat her head again. 
What a well-behaved girl. 
Especially when those crystal-clear eyes, full of trust, looked at him, a certain part in Gary’s heart couldn’t help but soften. 
He thought to himself, how nice it would be if Joanna were really his sister.
###Chapter 864: Chapter 862: Let Her Try The Voice Test Directly
Such a good and obedient little sister, he would surely take good care of her and cherish her. 
* 
Half an hour later. 
They arrived at the high-end apartment where Gerard North lived. 
The apartment was located in the city center, a place where even a tiny piece of land cost a fortune. It was famously a haven for the rich. 
While Joanna Lawrence was waiting outside with Gary White for Gerard North to open the door, she inevitably became nervous. Especially when she heard the sound of the door being opened, her body instantly tensed up. 
The door opened, and Gerard North poked his head out. 
He first looked at Gary White, and when his gaze fell on Joanna, he slightly furrowed his brows, but quickly returned to a normal expression. 
However, because of his furrowed brows, Joanna became even more nervous. 
Her heartbeat was uncontrollable and quickened. 
Seeing Ashton Heath made her heartbeat quicken because she was bewitched by his masculine charm. 
But seeing Gerard North was purely due to fear. 
Gerard North was almost fifty years old. 
He was wearing a large pajama, his hair was a bit messy, and he hadn’t shaved. 
He looked unkempt. 
When he looked at people, his gaze was somewhat sharp. Added to the fact that he wasn’t the kind of person who gave off a friendly vibe, Joanna involuntarily leaned towards Gary White. 
It seemed Gary White also noticed her nervousness. In front of Gerard North, he stroked Joanna’s head and introduced her to Gerard North, "This is the girl I told you about. Don’t let your critical gaze scare her; she is young and timid. You’ll frighten her if you’re too serious." 
After listening to Gary White, the expression on Gerard North’s face finally softened a bit. 
Although he still looked somewhat unapproachable, he didn’t seem as intimidating as before. 
"Come in," he stepped aside, his gaze lingered on Joanna’s face, which was too exquisitely beautiful. He frowned again, doubting the things Gary White had told him earlier. 
Could this girl really be the one he had been looking for?
Although Gerard North was semi-retired, he still hadn’t fully left the entertainment circle. 
He kept in contact with Gary White and a few other friends in the circle. 
So he had heard some of the rumors about Joanna Lawrence and Gary White, however vague they might be. 
Now seeing Gary White actually bringing such a beautiful young girl, he couldn’t help but doubt him. 
This guy, was he intending to ask him to promote this young girl? 
If that was really the case, he was going to be disappointed. 
Even though they were on good terms, if this girl didn’t meet his expectations, no amount of friendship would make a difference. 
* 
Gerard North himself was unkempt. 
The place he lived naturally wasn’t much better. 
It wasn’t exactly dirty, but everything was in a mess. 
As soon as Joanna Lawrence entered, she was hit with a smell of smoke. 
The odor was not choking, but it was definitely unpleasant. 
Fortunately, except for the smell of smoke, there were no other unbearable odors. 
The apartment was quite spacious. Because there was very little furniture, the living room seemed rather empty. 
Gerard North closed the door and walked into the living room, where he told Gary White, "Let her try singing immediately. You all don’t have any ions, right?" 
He was a very proactive person and didn’t want to waste time. 
Knowing his personality, Gary White lowered his head to look at Joanna Lawrence and asked in a soft voice, "Joanna, do you have any problem with that? Are you ready?"
###Chapter 865: Chapter 863: After the shock, there comes joy.
Joanna Lawrence wasn’t ready at all. 
She was extremely nervous. 
She didn’t hold out much hope for this audition, even though Gary White had told her she was talented, and that she was the one Gerard North had been seeking. 
But she could sense that Gerard didn’t seem to like her much. 
Not to mention how high the standards of a musician of Gerard’s caliber must be. 
She didn’t think an amateur like her, without any professional training, could satisfy Gerard North. 
But Gary White was well-intentioned and truly wanted to help her. Regardless, she felt she should give it her best shot. 
After a few moments of silence, she took a deep breath, trying to ease her tension: "Ok, I... I’m ready." 
"Then follow me." 
Gerard turned around and walked toward a room, pushing the door open. 
Joanna followed him in. 
This was a room similar to a recording studio, equipped with various recording facilities. 
Opening the recording equipment, Gerard looked up at her: "Sing any song you want, I’ll check the sound quality." 
"Alright." 
Joanna walked over to the microphone and, after giving it some thought, began singing a song she loved. 
Before the audition, she was dying of nerves. 
However, once the audition officially started, she felt somewhat relaxed. 
Because she figured there was no way she’d get picked, so what was there to be anxious about? 
She sang casually, just trying to perform well, that’s all. 
With this mindset, she instantly felt a lot more relaxed. No longer nervous, no longer afraid. 
As for Gerard North. 
Thinking that Gary White wanted him to prop up his mistress, he didn’t think much of Joanna at first. 
Letting her audition was merely a favor to Gary White, nothing more than going through the motions. 
But the moment Joanna opened her mouth to sing, his indifferent expression changed abruptly. 
He who had never given Joanna a second glance before, suddenly raised his head, eyes filled with shock looking towards her. 
Joanna sang a cappella. 
So it was even easier to tell what her original voice sounded like. 
The moment she sang the first line of lyrics, Gerard’s heart was flooded with excitement. After the surprise came the joy. 
Suppressing his excitement, he listened to Joanna sing the entire song. After she finished, he could no longer contain his excitement and stood up. 
Gary White turned his head, glancing at him with a knowing smirk. 
They’ve been friends for many years. 
How could he not know the kind of voice Gerard wanted?
He brought Joanna here partly to help her, but mostly because her singing moved him. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have brought her here just because he liked her. 
After Joanna finished singing, she raised her head to meet Gerard’s bright eyes. She was a little startled, feeling uncomfortable from his intense gaze. She gave a polite smile: "Mr. North, I’ve finished singing. If there’s anything I did wrong, please guide me." 
"Could you sing another song?" Gerard took a deep breath, trying his best not to give away his excitement, so as not to lose face in front of this young girl. His eyes were fixed on Joanna, "Do you know how to sing ’You Are the Sunshine of My Life’?" 
This song was one Gerard had written for Tina Garmston in his early period. 
Both the lyrics and the music were his creations. 
Because this song starts on a high note and involves many pitch changes, it’s quite difficult to sing.
###Chapter 866: Chapter 864: So, Are We Settled on This Agreement?
People without real talent can’t handle it well. 
By now, Gerard was already very satisfied and pleasantly surprised by Joanna’s voice. 
But he hoped she could give him even more surprises. 
He didn’t think that the earlier song was difficult enough, and if Joanna could sing this next song well, he could confirm her as his choice. 
Joanna hadn’t expected Gerard to ask her to sing a second song. 
She thought that, after singing the previous song, Gerard might just say some polite words and ask her to wait for news or something like that. 
Anyway, she never thought she could be chosen by Gerard. 
Looking at Gerard’s subdued excitement and enthusiasm again, she couldn’t help but feel a little excited as she sensed some possibilities. 
"I can sing it." Joanna clenched her fists, trying to suppress her inner excitement. She adjusted the microphone, cleared her throat, and began to sing again. 
Compared to the previous song, the one she was singing now was more suitable for a cappella. 
It was quite challenging for ordinary people. 
But for Joanna, she could handle it with ease. 
She only sang half of it before Gerard told her to stop. 
Joanna didn’t know what he meant and looked at Gary White helplessly. 
"Gerard, just say it directly," Gary White said straightforwardly. "Yes or no? Just one word." 
Gerard was also very direct, nodding his head: "Not bad, it’s her." 
"So it’s settled?" 
"Yes, when can she start recording the album?" 
"This girl just took on one of my films, so I don’t think she’ll have much time lately. Let her record the album when she has less work on her hands. What do you think?" 
"Well, that’s fine too. Good things are worth waiting for, and I can wait for her." 
"Alright, shall we consider it settled then?" 
"Yes, agreed." 
Joanna, who was standing nearby: "..." 
It seemed like she, the person involved, hadn’t even given her opinion, 
yet they had already settled everything as if it had nothing to do with her. 
Although she would never refuse or anything, wouldn’t it be more proper to ask her first? 
"Joanna, what do you think?" The two men who had already discussed the matter seemed to suddenly remember that there was still her, and turned their heads to look at her, asking for her opinion. 
Joanna: "...I have no problem." 
"Alright, then this matter is settled." 
Gary White, standing beside her, patted her head, looking pleased: "I knew you could do it. Work together with Gerard to create a great album, and it’ll definitely sell well." 
"Hmph, which album I’ve ever produced hasn’t sold well?" Gerard said with an arrogant face. "With my years of experience promoting talents, if I can’t make this girl popular, I might as well have wasted all these years and quit the industry." 
"I’ve prepared this album for a full three years, and every song in it is a masterpiece." 
"I’m confident that when the album comes out, it’ll definitely be my most stunning work." 
Gary White crooked his lip, noncommittal about Gerard’s confidence: "Of course, I’ve never doubted your abilities. Every song you’ve worked on is a masterpiece. It’s an honor for Joanna to sing your work."
###Chapter 867: Chapter 865: In Gerard North’s hands, there is no one he can’t make famous
Joanna Lawrence timely flattered, "Mr. North, it’s truly a great honor to work with an amazing music master like you. I can’t believe I’m this fortunate. I’ll definitely do my best in my performance and not let you and Mr. White down." 
Gerard North turned his head to look at her, his face calm but still a little excited inside, "I’ll also do my best to showcase your skills and make sure every one of your songs stays in top form. Joanna, let’s make this album great together; I believe our collaboration will be pleasant." 
"However, I need to tell you some things first. Our private lives are separate from our work. I might not be the easiest person to work with during work sessions, and if you are not up to my expectations, I might say some unpleasant things." 
"If you can’t accept that..." 
"I can accept it!" 
Before Gerard could finish, Joanna preempted him: "If my performance isn’t good enough and disappoints you, please feel free to criticize me." 
After all, even A-List Celebrities like Tina Garmston have been scolded by him. 
She had...nothing to fear. 
Perhaps there isn’t a person who has sung Gerard’s songs without being yelled at. 
"Alright, once you have some free time, we will start recording the CD officially." 
* 
After leaving the North’s place, Joanna still felt like she was dreaming. 
Just like before she arrived, it still felt so unreal. 
She still couldn’t believe she could sing Gerard’s songs. 
The name Gerard North was always associated with a bunch of A-List Celebrities.
She was just a newbie... 
How did she even deserve to work with Gerard? 
While waiting at the red light, Gary White turned his head to look at her, seeing her bewildered and lost expression, and smirked, "What are you thinking about? Your scenes are mostly concentrated in the first half of the month, and the latter half will be much more relaxed." 
"By then, you’ll have time to record the songs." 
"Gerard is a top professional musician; there’s nothing you need to worry about. He will teach you all the things you don’t understand." 
When Joanna heard his voice, she blinked, slowly turning her head to meet his gaze, her voice a little dazed, "Mr. White, can I really sing Gerard’s songs? Please tell me I’m not dreaming." 
"Of course, not," Gary White could understand her feelings, seeing her staring blankly at him with that adorable expression, he couldn’t help but reach out and give her a little head rub, "you’re lucky to have become the last collaborator of Gerard’s final work before his retirement." 
"I’ve known him for about five years, and this album has indeed taken the longest time, and it’s also the one he has put the most effort into. I have a feeling that you’ll become famous overnight with this album." 
"There’s no one that Gerard can’t make a successful artist." 
"Final work before retirement?" Joanna blinked in surprise. 
"Yeah, after completing this album, he’ll announce his retirement. He’s getting older, and it’s about time for him to take a break." 
"I suddenly feel so much pressure," Joanna bit her lip, a frown forming on her face, "so this album is like his swan song, and if my performance isn’t good enough..." 
"That won’t happen," Gary White answered gently, "you must believe in yourself and in him. Gerard told me earlier that he’s very satisfied with your voice and that I’ve brought him a big surprise."
###Chapter 868: Chapter 866: Can’t Help but Want to be Kinder to You
"Anyway, don’t think too much. Since he chose you, he must be very satisfied with you. It’s getting late now, shall I take you back?" 
Listening to his gentle voice and patient reassurance, Joanna Lawrence felt warmth in her heart, "Mr. White, thank you. Thank you for helping me make the connection and giving me such a great opportunity. And thank you for being patient with me and talking to me so much." 
At this moment, she couldn’t help but think about how great it would be if Gary White really were her brother. 
She really wanted a brother who would dote on her like that. 
People with brothers must be very fortunate. 
Having a brother like Gary White would be even more fortunate. 
She wondered if he could ever find his lost younger sister. 
If he did find her, Gary White would surely spoil her a lot. 
He treated her, a person with no blood relation, so well. 
He would surely treat his long-lost younger sister even better. 
Suddenly, she felt a little envious of his sister. 
"There’s nothing to thank." Gary White looked into her eyes, and after a moment of silence, he smiled and said, "Helping you, I have my own selfish motives." 
If it were someone else, he wouldn’t bother. 
Joanna’s heart skipped a beat, "Selfish motives? What selfish motives do you have?" 
"Didn’t I say that I feel very relaxed and comfortable with you?" Gary White thought for a moment before continuing, "You give me the feeling as if you’re my sister." 
"So, I can’t help but want to be nicer to you." 
"That’s my selfish motive." 
Joanna was touched by his words. She hesitated for a moment before saying, "Mr. White, there’s something I’m not sure if I should say." 
If she said it, she was afraid he would think she was trying to forge a connection. 
Gary White raised his eyebrows, "You don’t need to hold back in front of me. If you have something to say, just say it directly." 
Joanna hesitated for another moment before looking at his handsome face and whispered, "I also feel like Mr. White is like my brother. Don’t misunderstand, I don’t want to forge a connection or anything, it’s just that Mr. White, you’re so good to me. I feel like I’ve gained an older brother." 
Gary White was momentarily stunned, then his eyes filled with a happy smile, "Ashton Heath and I have been friends for many years, and I’m a few years older than him. Now that you’re with him, it’s fine to treat me as your brother." 
"Besides, if you were my sister, I think it would be nice." 
He really rather liked Joanna. 
Although she wasn’t his biological sister, it didn’t matter to have a girl he liked as a sister. 
Joanna was a little taken aback, still hesitant, "Can we really do that?" 
"Of course we can. I’ve already told others that you’re my cousin, and soon the news will spread. If anyone asks about it in the future, just admit it. This way, there won’t be any rumors in the film crew. Also, if you become my cousin, no one in the industry would dare to harass you." 
In fact, as long as she made it public that she was the President of Heath Group’s girlfriend, no one would dare to harass her either. 
However, looking at the current situation, she probably wasn’t planning on going public. 
He understood Ashton; he had a strong possessiveness, so hiding the relationship probably wasn’t his decision. 
So it must be Joanna’s decision then. 
Thinking about it, it was understandable.
###Chapter 869: Chapter 867: Don’t Be So Irresponsible
Her current career was at a standstill, and revealing their relationship now would definitely not be good for her career. 
He was not surprised that Joanna Lawrence had chosen to hide their relationship, but he was amazed that Ashton Heath had actually agreed to it. 
It seemed that Ashton really liked Joanna. 
That’s why he was willing to compromise like this. 
Joanna had guessed why Gary White told people she was his cousin, and now he had admitted it, which confirmed her suspicions. 
She felt even more touched. 
She couldn’t help but think again how wonderful it would be if Gary White was her brother. 
Being his sister would definitely be a very happy and fortunate thing. 
* 
Gary White sent Joanna back to the hotel. 
After saying good night to each other, they parted ways. 
When Joanna reached her floor, she took out her room key, and as she opened the door and reached out to insert the key card, a dark figure suddenly appeared in front of her. 
She was pulled by the dark figure, and just as she was about to scream out loud, she heard a familiar deep voice from above her head, "It’s me." 
Joanna was startled, opened her eyes wide, and looked up in surprise at the man holding her. 
Ashton Heath... 
How did he come back to Frankfurt again? 
A familiar scent wafted into her nostrils, confirming his identity. 
The key card wasn’t inserted, so the room lights did not turn on, leaving the surroundings pitch-black. 
Her racing heart from the scare gradually calmed down. 
"Ashton Heath, why are you here?" 
And he didn’t even tell her he was coming. 
Not only that, he hid in the room waiting for her without turning on the light... 
She was scared to death just now. 
The man took a whiff of the fragrance in her hair, and murmured softly, "Aren’t you happy that I’m here?" 
"...No, that’s not it." 
"Isn’t it a nice surprise?" 
"...It is." 
But just now, she was not pleasantly surprised, but rather frightened. 
His way of surprising her... was a bit too special. 
If it was someone more timid, they might have fainted from the fright. 
Of course, she didn’t voice these complaints; they were just mumbled in her heart. 
She didn’t want to dampen his enthusiasm. 
"I’m hungry." 
A slightly aggrieved voice sounded above Joanna’s head again, his deep and sexy voice was magnetic, and when such a voice carried a hint of grievance, it was like coaxing, making her heart melt. 
"Haven’t you had dinner?" 
As soon as Joanna finished asking, she realized that he must not have eaten. 
Calculating the time, he must have rushed to the airport right after work. 
There were meals on the plane, but he was so picky, he certainly wouldn’t have eaten them. 
Thinking of him coming to see her on an empty stomach made her heart even softer. 
She reached out and touched his face, her voice unconsciously gentler, "Let me go with you to eat now, okay?" 
Ashton Heath buried his head in her neck, his breath hot, "I don’t want to eat." 
Joanna pushed him away a little, "You said you were hungry, let’s go eat first." 
"I don’t want to eat." Ashton Heath embraced her tightly again, inhaling deeply, his voice hoarse, "Baby, can I eat you first? Then we’ll eat." 
Joanna: "..." 
Her face flushed with embarrassment, she pounded on his chest in annoyance, "Don’t be so improper! If you keep doing this, I won’t talk to you anymore." 
"Alright." 
Ashton Heath finally let go of her, and reluctantly said, "I’ll go eat. But baby, can’t I really eat you first?"
###Chapter 870: Chapter 868: She is Really Scared
"Ashton, Heath!" 
"Alright, alright, let’s eat first." Knowing that teasing her any further would really upset this little kitten in his arms, Ashton Heath decided to stop, "But I don’t want to go out to eat, let’s just stay in the room, we can order some takeout." 
"Well, can you at least let me turn on the lights first..." 
"Go to my room." Ashton Heath’s long arm pulled her in, hugging her waist as he led her out, "I booked a room, yours is too small." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t say anything, and followed him out. 
Actually, her room wasn’t small at all. 
But for Ashton Heath, it might really be too small. 
This man only stayed in presidential suites while traveling. 
* 
When they arrived upstairs, 
Ashton Heath unlocked the door and led Joanna Lawrence into the room, letting go of her hand once inside. 
When Joanna Lawrence walked into the living room, she saw him holding a bouquet of pink roses and walking toward her. 
As he approached her, he handed her the flowers, "On my way here, I passed by a flower shop and bought a bouquet." 
Joanna Lawrence took the flowers from his hand, finding it a bit funny inside. 
Ashton Heath really was a typical straight man. 
He had given her flowers before, and she had shown that she liked them, so now he would always give her the same kind. 
Moreover, it was always the same unchanging pink roses.
In fact, she liked many other flowers besides pink roses. 
"Thank you, husband. I really like them." Though it was a typical straight man’s move, Joanna Lawrence still tiptoed and gave him a light kiss on his cheek. 
He thought of buying her flowers when passing by a flower shop. 
This meant that she was always on his mind. 
The feeling of constantly being in someone’s thoughts was wonderful. 
As she was about to pull away, Ashton Heath embraced her and tightened his grip around her waist. He lowered his head, his warm breath brushing against her cheeks, "What did you just call me? I didn’t hear clearly, say it again." 
He loved the way she called him ’husband’ with such a soft and delicate voice. 
Joanna Lawrence glared at him with a smile, "You didn’t mishear, you definitely heard it clearly." 
"I didn’t." Ashton Heath denied, blatantly lying with his eyes wide open, and yet looking serious, "I really didn’t hear it clearly. Baby, can you say it again, please?" 
"No!" 
As the man held her too tightly, Joanna Lawrence pushed him away, "Ashton Heath, let go of me, I need to put down the flowers." 
"Say it, and then I’ll let you go." 
Ashton Heath refused to loosen his grip, his handsome face coming closer to hers, his breath becoming hotter, "You just called me that earlier, why are you shy now?" 
Joanna Lawrence stared at him with amusement, "Didn’t you just say you didn’t hear it clearly?" 
"Mm, not very clearly, but it seemed like you just called me ’husband’? Baby, tell me, did I mishear?" 
The man’s face drew closer and closer to hers. 
His handsome, deep features gradually loomed larger in her eyes. 
Feeling his increasingly scorching breath, Joanna Lawrence’s heart skipped a beat. Raising her head to meet his darkening gaze, panic arose within her, and she placed her hand on his chest, hurriedly calling out, "Husband!" 
She was truly scared. 
Last night, she could feel that he had been suppressing his desires. 
He obviously wanted to touch her but was always holding back. 
Surely restraining himself like that must have been uncomfortable. 
Seeing his expression now, Joanna Lawrence’s legs suddenly felt weak. 
She thought... she hadn’t fully recovered yet.
###Chapter 871: Chapter 869: No matter who it is, no one can hurt her
"What’s there to be afraid of?" Ashton Heath looked at the panicked girl in his arms, a low chuckle escaping his lips as he pinched her chin and bit her lips gently, his voice husky. "Am I going to eat you? I’m just asking you to call me ’husband,’ and you’re this scared?" 
"Ashton Heath..." Joanna Lawrence looked at him pitifully. "I’m so tired. I want to rest early tonight." 
So, don’t bother her! 
Her small body couldn’t handle his antics for now. 
The man chuckled again, amused by her pitiful appearance, but also finding it funny. "I didn’t say I was going to do anything. Or are you hinting that I should do something? Actually, after flying around all day, I’m tired too, and I want to rest early. But if you really want it, baby, I could..." 
"No, I don’t want to." 
Joanna immediately covered his mouth with her hand. "Since I’m tired and you’re tired, let’s rest early. Hurry up and have someone send something up. I’ll go take a bath first." 
"A bath?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, his burning lips touching her palm. "Do you want to do it together? I can help you scrub your back..." 
"... I’ll wash by myself!" 
"Hm? Are you sure?" 
"I’m sure!" 
"Alright." The man seemed a bit regretful and sighed lightly. "If you change your mind, you can call me anytime." 
* 
After her bath, Joanna saw Ashton Heath standing by the floor-to-ceiling window, talking on the phone. 
His figure was tall and slender, dressed in a black robe. His silhouette by the window was captivating. 
Joanna tiptoed over. 
As she approached him from behind, she heard him say a name coldly: "Rebecca Kelloway? You should ask her what she’s done. I don’t know what’s going on between her and Frank. You’re asking the wrong person." 
"Sentiment? It’s only because of our many years of sentiment that I haven’t pursued this. Otherwise, do you think the matter would end like this?" 
"No one can touch her, no matter who it is. I’m putting it out there today. Even if it’s you, if you dare to hurt her, I’ll turn my face against you. Grady, if you’re pleading for her, don’t bother, I can’t forgive her." 
"Because she has made an unforgivable mistake. A chance? I gave her one, but she didn’t take it seriously." 
"Enough, I don’t want to hear it anymore. Don’t call me if you’re going to plead for her again." 
Ashton Heath hung up the phone, 
With a gloomy expression, he turned around and saw fresh-from-the-bath Joanna standing behind him. The icy demeanor on his face seemed to melt instantly, his gaze warming. 
"Finished bathing?" 
He gently pulled her over, noting her still-damp hair and leading her to the edge of the bed. "Wait here, I’ll go get the hairdryer." 
Soon, he returned with the hairdryer, adjusted the settings, and stood by the bed to dry her hair. 
Joanna sat on the edge of the bed, obediently letting him blow-dry her hair. 
She realized that ever since she married Ashton Heath, he had always been the one to dry her hair whenever they were together. 
At first, she felt uncomfortable with it. 
But now, waiting for him to help her dry her hair had become a habit. 
Her hair was soft, smooth, and silky, feeling like silk when held in the hand. 
Ashton Heath pinched a strand of her hair between his fingers, not wanting to let it go even after it was almost dry. 
"Ashton Heath, can I ask you a question?" Joanna thought about the conversation she had just overheard. After hesitating for a bit, she decided to ask him outright so she could get some clarity.
###Chapter 872: Chapter 870: I’ll Listen to You on Everything
She didn’t want to guess randomly in her heart. 
"Hmm? Baby, what do you want to ask?" 
"I just heard you talking on the phone with Yannick Luther?" 
"Yeah, I was chatting with Grady for a while." 
"Well, I didn’t mean to eavesdrop. I just happened to hear that you were talking about Rebecca Kelloway. Can I know what happened to her?" 
Ashton Heath was stunned for a moment. 
Seeing his reaction, Joanna Lawrence added, "If it’s not convenient, just pretend I didn’t ask."
"There’s nothing inconvenient." Ashton Heath turned off the hairdryer, placed it on the bedside table, touched her fluffy soft hair, and sat down beside her. "I’ll tell you anything you want to know. Just now, I was talking to him about Rebecca Kelloway. He called me to plead on her behalf." 
"He hopes I can forgive Rebecca." 
"But you rejected him." Joanna thought for a moment then asked, "Did Rebecca do something that particularly angered you?" 
"Hmm." 
"What happened?" 
"She did something unkind to you." 
"Something unkind to me?" Joanna looked surprised. "So, you’re angry with her because of me?" 
"Yes." Ashton nodded. 
"What did she do that was unkind to me? I don’t know anything about it." 
"When you had that scandal with David Benington, many online trolls were cursing you and slandering you in various blog comment sections. Do you remember that?" Ashton gently combed her hair with his fingers, enjoying the feel of her soft strands passing through them. 
Joanna was stunned, and her face changed shortly after: "Does this have anything to do with Rebecca?" 
At that time, many online trolls were attacking and slandering her. 
And those trolls were obviously hired specifically to target her. 
However, she thought they were all orchestrated by Annie Lawrence. 
After all, Annie and David hadn’t broken up at that time. 
Seeing her involved in such a scandal with David, Annie would certainly not be indifferent. 
Ashton nodded and directly said, "Those trolls were hired by her." 
Joanna had already guessed a little, but she was still shocked when Ashton said that those trolls were hired by Rebecca. 
It was Rebecca who hired the trolls to target her? 
She was silent for a while, probably guessing what had happened between Ashton and Rebecca. 
Ashton must have found out about this and confronted Rebecca, and the two of them... must have had a very unpleasant time. 
"So, did you have a disagreement with Rebecca over this?" Joanna hesitated for a few seconds before asking, "What do you plan to do?" 
Rebecca had been his friend for more than twenty years. 
Even if there is a temporary disagreement, they wouldn’t be in a stalemate for too long, right? 
In the end... he would forgive Rebecca, right? 
After all, hiring trolls to smear her was serious but not too serious. 
Because of Frank Parker’s clarification about the scandal, there were ultimately no terrible consequences for her. 
"Baby, you should be the one to answer this question." Ashton didn’t avoid her gaze, looked straight into her eyes, and said candidly, "Everything she did hurt you, so how to deal with this matter should be up to you." 
Joanna: "If I say how to deal with it, it’ll be done that way?" 
"Of course." Ashton answered without hesitation, "Everything will be up to you."
###Chapter 873: Chapter 871: Such friends are better off not having
"Really?" 
"Mhm." 
"Then... if I say..." Joanna Lawrence bit the corner of her lips hesitantly and it took her a few seconds to continue, "I hope you won’t interact with her anymore. What do you think?" 
Would he think her request was too much? 
Joanna knew that Ashton Heath liked her. 
In his heart, she had a place. 
But she still didn’t have the confidence that he would agree to her request. 
He and Rebecca Kelloway had over twenty years of friendship. 
Was asking him to cut off all contact in the future too difficult? 
She didn’t expect Ashton to agree. 
So when he was silent for a moment without answering her immediately, Joanna was just about to let him not answer, but she heard him give an unexpected response, "Okay, I won’t interact with her anymore." 
Joanna Lawrence: "?! " 
"You agreed?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her: "Isn’t that what you want?" 
"But, you guys have been friends for so long. Are you really willing to do this for me..." 
Before she could finish speaking, Ashton stretched out his hand and pulled her into his embrace, "She and I have been friends for a long time, but you are my wife, the one who will accompany me for a lifetime. I know the importance of friends and family. Besides, she hurt you. Even if she were a good friend, I absolutely cannot tolerate it." 
"My friends should love those who are close to me, and not hurt you knowing how much I care about you. When she did this, she didn’t consider our so-called friendship at all." 
"Such a friend, it’s better not to have." 
Ashton Heath didn’t have deep feelings for Rebecca Kelloway. 
Although they had known each other for over twenty years. 
Rebecca was his only female friend. 
But he was a naturally cold person, and even if he had known someone for many years, he wouldn’t develop feelings just because they had been around him for a long time if he didn’t like their temperaments. 
If he didn’t like someone, he just didn’t like them. 
Over the years, his feelings for Rebecca were neither particularly fond nor particularly resentful. 
Simply because they had known each other for so long, his tolerance for her was slightly higher in certain matters. 
That was what made Rebecca his only female friend. 
But that uniqueness didn’t mean much. 
In other words, Rebecca Kelloway was no match for Joanna Lawrence. 
His answer was perfect. 
Joanna couldn’t help but smile, "This is something you agreed to yourself, not because I forced you. If you ever regret it in the future..." 
"I won’t regret it. I’ve already made it clear to her that from now on, she and I are no longer friends." After Ashton spoke, he showed a pleading expression on his face, "Wife, what do you think of my performance?" 
Joanna held back a laugh, pretended to consider it, and then nodded, "Well, it’s... alright." 
"Since I performed well, shouldn’t you give me a little reward?" 
"What kind of reward do you want?" 
Ashton Heath lowered his eyes, his deep gaze falling on her tender, cherry blossom-like lips. His eyes darkened, and he whispered, "I want a kiss, is that okay?" 
Joanna: "...Are you sure it’s just a kiss?" 
"Mhm." Ashton nodded, his handsome face magnified in front of her eyes, and his breath fell on her lips, "Just one kiss. Baby, is that okay?"
###Chapter 874: Chapter 872: Just Kissing You, Nothing Else
Joanna Lawrence wasn’t completely trusting of him just yet. Gazing at the handsome face drawing ever closer to her, she gently pushed him away: "Ashton Heath, I have to get up early tomorrow." 
"Mmm, I know." 
"I need to go to bed early tonight." 
"Mmm, I know." 
"So you can’t..." 
"Mmm, I know." 
As the final note of his voice fell, his hot lips came down lightly landing on hers, slowly rubbing against them: "Baby, I’m just kissing you, nothing more." 
* 
The kiss went on for a long while. 
Towards the end, it was starting to get a little out of control. 
Fortunately, Ashton Heath did as he promised, managing to control himself despite being on the brink of losing it. 
Joanna Lawrence, her face flushed, lay down on the bed reading a script, the sound of running water from the bathroom indicating that Ashton was taking another cold shower. 
Surprisingly, he had managed to control himself tonight. 
Earlier, she had been so stirred up by him that she wouldn’t have rejected him if he had persisted. 
Every time, didn’t this man seduce her into a state of confusion before she yielded to him... 
* 
The following morning came very early. 
A little past five in the morning, Ashton Heath was already up. 
He had come to visit Joanna Lawrence during his official trip, so to avoid any delay in his work schedule, he had to fly back before dawn. 
When he rose, Joanna Lawrence’s blurry eyes blinked open. 
Seeing the slender figure beside her, she took a while to react as she was not yet fully awake. 
She rubbed her eyes and was about to get up when she was stopped by his warm and gentle voice: "You don’t have to get up, go back to sleep. When I’m done packing, I’ll leave." 
Joanna was indeed very tired. 
However, thinking how he travelled relentlessly to see her, she couldn’t possibly go back to sleep in peace. 
Having just woken up, her voice was still raspy: "Wait for me, I’ll take you to the airport." 
"There’s no need." 
Ashton gently pushed her back down, covering her with a blanket, bending down to kiss her forehead lightly: "Baby, continue sleeping, you don’t need to see me off. I’ll have to leave soon, probably won’t have time to wait for you to come with me." 
"Just continue sleeping, I’ll call you when I’ve landed." 
No sooner had he finished speaking, his phone rang. 
Joanna watched as he took the call, hanging up after about a minute. 
"Baby, I have to go now." Ashton looked at her longingly, leaning down to give Joanna another peck on the lips, "I’ve ordered breakfast for you, you must eat it before going to the film crew." 
"...Okay." 
Seeing how busy he actually was, Joanna gave up the idea. 
"I am leaving then." Ashton patted her head tenderly, "I’ll come to see you again when I have time." 
"Ashton Heath..." 
Joanna suddenly felt a pang of heartache for the man in front of her. 
He must not have slept well last night. 
Having gone to bed late and having to wake up this early. 
She noticed the dark circles under his eyes. 
"Mmm?" Ashton sat on the edge of the bed, his eyes looking at her tenderly, "Baby, do you have something else to say to me?" 
"Actually, you don’t have to run around like this every day." Although seeing him every day was a joy, if this joy meant he had to run back and forth constantly, Joanna couldn’t bear to see him struggle like this.
###Chapter 875: Chapter 873: I Willingly Accept Everything
Joanna Lawrence didn’t fully trust him. As he moved his handsome face closer, she gently pushed him away, "Ashton Heath, I have to get up early tomorrow." 
"Hmm, I know." 
"I need to sleep early tonight too." 
"Hmm, I know." 
"So you can’t ..." 
"Hmm, I know." 
"..." 
* 
Early the next day. 
Ashton Heath got up just past five in the morning. 
He initially flew over to see Joanna during his work hours. In order to not hinder his progress at work, he had to fly back before dawn broke. 
When he got up, Joanna Lawrence also groggily opened her eyes. 
Seeing the slender figure beside her, she stayed frozen for a while before she finally comprehended. 
She rubbed her eyes and tried to sit up. But, he pressed her down. His deep and gentle voice fell on her ears, "You do not need to get up, continue sleeping. I will leave soon after I finish packing." 
Joanna was truly tired. 
However, thinking about his exhaustive pattern of flying to see her, how could she rest peacefully? 
Being just awake, her voice still raspy, she said, "Wait for me, I will accompany you to the airport." 
"No need." 
Ashton Heath pushed her back into bed, pulled up her quilt, bent over and gently kissed her forehead, "Baby, please continue sleeping, there’s no need to send me off. I have to leave immediately, there may not be enough time to wait for you." 
"Please continue sleeping. I’ll call you once I get there." 
As soon as he finished speaking, his phone rang. 
Joanna saw him answer the call, hanging up after about a minute. 
"Baby, I have to go now." Ashton Heath said with reluctance in his eyes, before kissing her lips again, "I’ve ordered breakfast for you. Be sure to eat before you head to the film crew." 
"...Alright." 
Joanna saw that he really seemed busy so she pushed away her thought. 
"Then, I am leaving." Ashton Heath touched her head, "I will come to see you when I am free." 
"Ashton Heath..." 
Joanna suddenly felt pity for the man in front of her. 
Last night, he definitely didn’t sleep well. 
He got up so early, even though he slept late. 
She even noticed the dark circles under his eyes. 
"Hmm?" Ashton Heath sat on the edge of the bed, looking at her with gentle eyes, "Baby, is there something you want to say to me?" 
"Actually, you don’t need to rush over every day." Although seeing him every day did bring her joy, if this joy at the expense of constant travel back and forth, she can’t bear to see him working so hard. 
"Oh? Do you not feel happy when I come to see you?" 
"I do feel happy. But you are so exhausted, I feel heartache." Joanna climbed out of bed, tenderly touched his eyes, "You are not resting well like this. Let’s meet only on weekends from now on." 
When they were in Closia, they didn’t meet as frequently as they do now. 
She doesn’t know why, but ever since she arrived in Frankfurt, this man has been flying over to meet her every day. 
Could it be because he’s worried about leaving her alone here? 
"You are exhausted and it’s a hassle for you to run back and forth every day. Plus, it will affect your work. I think it’s good for us to meet once every week." 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows furrowed slightly, "But I don’t feel tired nor do I find it a hassle. Does my constant visits bother you?" 
Joanna pitied him, yet Ashton sensed a sign of rejection from her.
Joanna Lawrence: "....no." 
"Then you don’t need to worry about me." Ashton Heath touched her head softly, and said, "I truly don’t feel tired, even if I did, it would be a happy burden to me. In conclusion, everything I do, I do willingly. You don’t need to concern yourself with my actions." 
"Alright, continue sleeping. It’s still early, you could get two more hours of sleep." 
Joanna saw that she couldn’t convince him, hence she gave up. 
Forget it, if this man wants to run around, let him be. 
She can tell, if she continued to persuade him, he might overthink. 
He might think that she was stopping him for a reason. 
After all, this man has the traits of a vinegar jar, a very easy-to-topple kind of vinegar jar. 
* 
After Ashton Heath left, Joanna quickly fell asleep again. 
She slept till the alarm rang, only then did she get up rubbing her eyes. 
Just as she finished freshening up, she heard the doorbell ring. 
She opened the door to find the hotel’s room service delivering breakfast. 
As she brought it back to her room and opened the bag, she found various breakfast items that Ashton had ordered for her. 
There were simple dishes with rice porridge, bread and milk, as well as fruits and pastries. 
Joanna thought that Ashton was treating her like a pig. 
The food he ordered was too much for one person. 
However, having so many tasty breakfast options waiting for her as soon as she opened her eyes felt great. 
* 
After breakfast, Joanna promptly headed to the film crew. 
Upon arriving, she sensed that the crew’s attitude towards her had subtly changed again. 
If they were considerate towards her before, now they were being extremely courteous towards her. 
She wasn’t surprised. 
The words that Gary White had said last night probably got around. 
So now, everyone on the film crew was aware that she was Gary White’s cousin. 
Their attitude naturally improved with regard to the cousin of their director. 
When Joanna arrived at the film crew, she bumped head-on with Maddox Allenson who had just arrived too. Since she intended to maintain distance from him, she couldn’t turn a blind eye anymore. 
She hesitated, but still, took the initiative to greet him, "Good morning, Mr. Allenson." 
Hearing her address him, Maddox Allenson’s eyebrows slightly creased. He pursed his lips and nodded, "Good Morning." 
After greeting him, Joanna prepared to leave. 
"Ms. Joanna." Maddox Allenson stopped her when they were crossing paths. 
Joanna had no choice but to halt in her tracks. She then asked in a polite and distant tone, "Can I assist you with something, Mr. Allenson?"
###Chapter 876: Chapter 874: Don’t Worry, It’s Just Practicing Acting Together
Maddox Allenson hesitated for a moment and smiled, "I just wanted to ask if you have time. I’d like to practice a scene with you." 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned, "Practice acting together?" 
"Yes." Maddox’s eyes flickered and he looked a bit unnatural, "Of course, it’s alright if you don’t have time." 
Joanna began to hesitate. 
After deciding to keep her distance from Maddox, she had stopped communicating with him except for work purposes.
Actually, if it weren’t for his crazy female fans’ actions, and if she didn’t feel that Maddox might have feelings for her, Joanna wouldn’t have wanted to keep her distance from him. 
Because judging from his character, Maddox was really a man of good character among male artists. 
Working together with him, Joanna felt it was a very pleasant experience. 
She was also willing to be friends with such a person. 
But... 
Whenever she thought of Maddox’s crazy female fans, she couldn’t help but fear. 
At this moment, Maddox wanted her to practice acting together with him, which, after all, was also work-related. 
If she refused, would it be too obvious? 
After all, Maddox hadn’t done anything to offend her. 
If she deliberately alienated him too much, it wouldn’t be right either. 
After hesitating for a moment, Joanna nodded her head, "Alright." 
Maddox looked up at her with a slightly surprised expression, "You’re willing?" 
Joanna had been avoiding him all this time. 
Except for when they had opposing scenes together, their private interactions were even colder than strangers. 
He had asked her to practice acting together on a whim. 
He hadn’t expected her to agree. 
He had already prepared himself for rejection. 
"Mr. Allenson, it’s just practice acting, right?" Joanna hesitated for a moment before adding, "Can we do it outside? I’m afraid of accidentally being photographed by someone again." 
"Alright." 
Maddox’s mood suddenly improved a lot. His lips curved into a smile, and it seemed as if stars fell in his eyes when he laughed, "Don’t worry, it’s just practice acting. Since you’re worried about being photographed, let’s do it outside." 
"Okay then. Which scene do you want to practice with me, Mr. Allenson?" 
It was quite common for actors to practice together before film shooting in a film crew. 
So Joanna wasn’t too worried about anyone taking photos of her and Maddox. 
After all, they were practicing acting outside as part of their work, and even if someone took pictures of them again, there was nothing to be afraid of. 
Even his crazy female fans couldn’t to his normal work, could they? 
At this point, Joanna only considered Maddox’s fans, completely forgetting that she had a jealous partner at home. 
Later, when she and Maddox were involved in another scandal, Maddox’s fans didn’t make a fuss, but a certain jealous person did. 
It took Joanna a while to coax him. 
Maddox and Joanna practiced a scene that they were going to shoot that day. Joanna had already read it several times the night before, so she was already familiar with the plot and lines. 
With their scripts in hand, they both went through the scene once before officially practicing it together. 
Maddox looked like one of those idol actors who relied on their good looks, but he was actually a very talented actor. 
Joanna had worked with him before and already had some understanding of his skills. 
Practicing acting with a seasoned actor like Maddox was an enjoyable experience, and she could also learn a lot from him.
###Chapter 877: Chapter 875: She Comes with Bad Intentions
Joanna Lawrence had a natural talent for acting and a high aptitude for learning, but she was still new to the craft, and her skills were somewhat lacking in certain areas. 
Maddox Allenson would point out her shortcomings and teach her how to perform better. 
After practicing several scenes together, Joanna felt that the parts she struggled with the night before now flowed more smoothly and naturally. 
Moreover, the suggestions Maddox offered her were extremely helpful. 
She learned a lot from practicing those scenes with him. 
At the end, she sincerely thanked Maddox: "Mr. Allenson, thank you. I was actually stuck on two parts last night, unsure of how to convey them. Your advice was incredibly helpful." 
Maddox looked at her with his bright, clear eyes, full of gentle laughter: "That’s because you’re smart and quick to understand. Otherwise, no matter how much I said, it would be useless. To be honest, I should also thank you. After practicing with you, I have much more confidence in today’s film shooting."
"Can I come to you for practice acting together in the future?" Maddox asked this while wrapping one hand tightly around the side of his body, his eyes full of both nervousness and expectation. 
Joanna thought about it and nodded, "Yes, you can." 
Maddox’s eyes brimmed with a smile, "Great, if you ever want to practice acting together in the future, just come find me. Ms. Joanna, can I ask you a question?" 
"What?" 
"Are you really Director White’s cousin?" Maddox was quite curious about this matter, and unlike others who simply believed it, he still harbored some doubts. 
After discussing the matter with Gary White the previous night, Joanna hesitated for a few seconds before nodding her head: "Yes, he’s my cousin. Why?" 
Maddox looked at her with an inquisitive expression, fell silent for a moment, then smiled, "Nothing, I just find it surprising. However, you do resemble Director White somewhat." 
He didn’t give it much thought, but Joanna was taken aback by his comment. 
First Nina, and now, Maddox said she and Gary White looked alike... 
Joanna hadn’t given it much thought herself. 
Did she and Gary White really look alike? 
She couldn’t help but ask, "Do you think I look a lot like Mr. White?" 
Maddox took another look at her, felt his heart racing, and quickly averted his gaze, "Yes, your eyes and noses are quite similar." 
"Maddox, Miss Joanna." 
At that moment, Maddox’s assistant came over, glanced at Joanna, and then whispered something into Maddox’s ear. 
Maddox’s face changed slightly, and his brow furrowed. 
He told his assistant, "I got it, I’ll be right there." 
After the assistant left, Maddox looked worriedly at Joanna, "You... just stay here for a while. Don’t go over there for now." 
Joanna was puzzled, "Why?" 
Maddox furrowed his brow even more, looking rather unhappy, "Lisha Alcock is here, saying she’s looking for you. She’s up to no good, and I’m afraid she might do something harmful to you if you meet her now." 
Maddox had plenty of scandals on Lisha. 
He had threatened her before that if she continued to bother Joanna, he would release those scandals to the public. 
But not long after he made the threat, he discovered that someone else had already released Lisha’s scandals ahead of him.
###Chapter 878: Chapter 876: When the Wall Collapses, Everyone Pushes
Those scandals were more complete, more explosive, and more damaging to Lisha Alcock than the ones he found himself. 
He had someone investigate who released those scandals. 
But his people had spent a long time investigating, and they couldn’t find out who was releasing the scandals. 
The only clear thing was that the person who released the scandals was definitely helping Joanna Lawrence to get back at Lisha. 
Lisha Alcock must have known that the person who released the scandals was helping Joanna Lawrence. 
So today, when she came to the film crew, she was definitely up to no good. 
She was definitely here to cause trouble for Joanna Lawrence. 
Maddox Allenson was worried that it would not be safe for her to go over now. 
Joanna Lawrence also thought of these things. 
She knew best why Lisha Alcock was exposed to those scandals. 
After those scandals were exposed, the hot search has not been withdrawn till now. 
Moreover, today the account that exposed the news burst out some new scandals, and Lisha Alcock’s public persona has been completely torn apart. 
It’s impossible to clear her name. 
Even if her fans wanted to salvage the situation, it was useless. 
Because the evidence provided by the exposé was very sufficient, various videos were very clear, and not only were there video and audio evidence, but also some so-called colleagues started to expose a lot of Alcock’s scandals through their alt accounts. 
For example, she used her status as the number one actress in the company to bully newcomers. 
And she slept with quite a few young idols in the circle, even not letting go of an underage young idol. 
Originally, there were quite a few people in the circle who didn’t like Lisha Alcock. 
But no one could easily move her when she hadn’t gotten into trouble at that time. 
So no one dared to provoke her, fearing they would be retaliated against. 
But now it’s different. 
Everyone could see that the person who targeted Lisha this time was definitely backed by a great force. 
Otherwise, Lisha Alcock would have had those scandals suppressed long ago, instead of having her name still ranked first in the Blog Hotspot rankings till now. 
Obviously, she had offended someone she shouldn’t have. 
This time, no one could help her, and she was likely to be finished. 
As the saying goes, everyone pushes a falling wall. 
Before, people were considering her background and didn’t dare to offend her. Now she’s about to be finished, who would be afraid of her? 
For a while, many so-called circle insiders’ alt accounts were exposed on the blog. 
Anyway, Lisha Alcock’s scandals were getting exposed one by one, and the 24-hour Hotspot was uninterrupted. Although she’s not completely finished yet, it’s only a matter of days. 
After such a thing happened, those advertising contracts she signed before were likely to be terminated. 
And because the termination was due to her reasons, she had to pay the termination fee. 
All the endorsements Lisha Alcock signed were superstars, and each termination fee was at least several million dollars. After paying each penalty, she could lose all her assets. 
Now she must be living a life of misery. 
If it is found out that the scandals are related to Joanna Lawrence. 
Then her coming here will definitely be to cause trouble for Joanna. 
Joanna Lawrence knew the seriousness of the situation and didn’t take it lightly, nodding: "Okay, I understand." 
"You stay here for now, and I’ll go take a look." Maddox Allenson turned to leave, and after a couple of steps, he turned back, still worried, to remind her again, "Remember, don’t go over there yet. I’ll see what’s going on." 
After giving the reminder, Maddox Allenson finally turned away. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence stood in place for more than ten minutes, wondering if Lisha Alcock had left when she suddenly heard footsteps approaching.
###Chapter 879: Chapter 877: Soon, your fate will be the same as mine
"Lisha Alcock, stop right there! Can’t you hear me talking to you?" 
"If you keep this up, I’ll call security over." 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head and saw Lisha Alcock and her agent walking towards her. 
As Lisha walked, she sneered, "Maddox Allenson, are you trying to deceive me too? I’ve already asked around before I came. Joanna Lawrence came to the film crew today. Are you that afraid of me finding her? Are you worried I’ll do something to her?" 
"You can see how miserable I’ve become. How could I possibly do anything to her?" 
"Rest assured, I wouldn’t dare to offend her now. It’s because of her that I’m in such a terrible state. Do you think she’s just a newbie with no background, someone who can be easily bullied?" 
Maddox caught up with her, his eyebrows furrowing: "What do you mean?" 
Lisha turned her head to look at him, her eyes filled with hatred, "Do you know whose handiwork has made me so miserable now? Heh, I really underestimated her. I thought she had just gotten involved with Gary White, but who knew? The one she’s attached herself to is even more powerful than Gary." 
"Maddox, I advise you not to harbor any inappropriate thoughts. This woman is not someone you can covet. You’ve seen how miserable I am now. If you let her sugar daddy find out your thoughts, your fate will likely be no better than mine." 
"Oh, wait, maybe even worse. You dare covet that man’s woman, being blocked is the least of your worries." 
Maddox knew that Joanna was nearby. 
So when he heard Lisha’s words, he furrowed his brows and said sternly, "Lisha Alcock, what nonsense are you talking about? Joanna and I are just normal friends, don’t spout rubbish." 
"Normal friends?" Lisha chuckled, "Save those words for your gullible underage fans. You think I’d believe that? I’m just kindly reminding you because we are acquainted." 
"If you still want to continue your career in the entertainment industry, you better not get too close to her. Isn’t my current situation enough of a warning for you?"
Upon reaching this point, Lisha scoffed in self-mockery: "Who the fuck could have thought that she’d hold such a huge sugar daddy, yet only end up with Female Lead 3? I must have been blind to end up like this, but it’s also my own doing." 
Having the Heath family’s support and wanting to be Female Lead 1 is a piece of cake. 
At the very least, she could be Female Lead 2. 
How could she have imagined that a woman attached to the Heath family would only end up with Female Lead 3? 
If she had known from the beginning that Joanna had the backing of someone from the Heath family... 
Even if she had ten times the courage, she wouldn’t have dared to touch Joanna. 
"You’re saying that person is..." Maddox thought back to the man he had seen twice, his face changing slightly. 
The moment he saw that man, he sensed that he was no ordinary person. 
However, to easily destroy Lisha and make her so fearful and wary, it was evident that the man’s identity was far more powerful than he had imagined. 
He had tried to investigate the man’s identity before. 
But, for the first time ever, his information network failed to uncover the man’s identity. 
From Lisha’s words, did she know who the man was? 
After a few seconds of silence, Lisha pursed her lips. A hint of fear appeared in her eyes, as if merely mentioning that person’s name would terrify her.
###Chapter 880: Chapter 878: All I Want Is for Her to Spare Me a Way to Live
She moved her lips slightly, speaking with a trembling voice, "You don’t need to know who he is. Just know that he’s someone who could easily destroy us." 
Maddox Allenson slightly furrowed his brows, but didn’t ask any further since she refused to say. 
"What business do you have with Joanna Lawrence?" 
"I’ve said it before, I’m not here to cause her trouble." Lisha Alcock’s face darkened, speaking unhappily, "Now, I just want to ask her to let me off the hook. Maddox, you and I are both people who struggled step by step from obscurity to get to where we are today. So, you must understand how I feel right now, right? I can’t lose everything I have now. If I lose my career, my entire life will be over." 
Maddox looked at her with furrowed brows, "Yes, I can understand your feelings. However, when you did those things, did you ever think about her feelings? If she were just a nobody without any connections, if nobody was willing to help her, do you know her career might also be ruined?" 
Lisha was stunned, her expression turning ugly, "Are you siding with her? Yes, I admit that my actions before were not good, but she provoked me. If she had stayed quiet and acted her part, would I have bothered with her?" 
At first, Maddox had some sympathy for her situation. 
However, after listening to her, that little bit of sympathy disappeared. 
He shook his head and sighed softly, "So, by provoking you, you mean that Gary White took a liking to her? Not to mention that she and Gary White aren’t in the kind of relationship you think they are, even if they were, it’s Gary White’s freedom to choose who he likes. How did it become Joanna’s fault?" 
"Did she force Gary White to like her?" 
"Why don’t you think it’s Gary White’s fault? To put it bluntly, you just think that Joanna is a newcomer, easy to bully. So, you can only vent your anger on her." 
The truth being exposed, Lisha was instantly embarrassed and angry, "Maddox, are you telling me that you have no feelings for her? You’re constantly defending her, speaking on her behalf. When did you ever help other female artists like this?" 
"Do you think that by helping her this way, she will be grateful and like you?" 
"Yes, your conditions are indeed good for many women. But can you compete with her sugar daddy? Maddox, I advise you to give up; once she’s with that kind of man, it’s impossible for her to consider you." 
"So, Miss Alcock felt that I wasn’t being well-behaved, and that’s why you took action to teach me a lesson. However, I really want to ask you face to face, what did I do that offended you?" 
At the moment Joanna Lawrence’s voice rang out, the expressions of both Lisha Alcock and Maddox Allenson changed. 
Seeing her approaching, Maddox furrowed his brows and walked towards her immediately. 
Standing in front of her, he lowered his head and whispered disapprovingly, "Didn’t I tell you...Why did you..." 
Joanna looked up at him, "Mr. Allenson, I thought about it, and I think it’s better for me to deal with this problem myself. I can’t hide from her forever. Besides, I haven’t done anything wrong, so what am I afraid of her for?" 
After that, she turned and walked towards Lisha Alcock. 
Seeing her, Lisha’s face changed again, a flash of hatred flickering in her eyes.
###Chapter 881: Chapter 879: I Don’t Accept Your Apology
But when she remembered the purpose of her visit today, she held back her hatred and greeted Joanna Lawrence. "Ms. Joanna, can I talk to you?" 
Joanna’s face was expressionless as she looked at her, "I don’t think we have anything to talk about." 
Lisha Alcock had never been treated like this by a newcomer.
She wanted to explode on the spot, but she still managed not to let anger get the best of her and remembered why she came here today. 
She took a deep breath, clenched her fists, and lowered her voice, "Ms. Joanna, I’ve come to apologize to you. I was wrong before, can you please forgive me? I acted impulsively and did something bad to you, but I regretted it immediately and wanted to apologize." 
"Anyway, I hope you can forgive me this time. I know you are magnanimous and kind-hearted, and won’t hold a grudge against me. I..." Lisha Alcock, holding back her shame and intense hatred, recited the draft her agent had prepared for her in advance. 
She said she knew her mistake. 
But there was no regret in her eyes. 
The hatred in her eyes was deep. 
The more humble and submissive her attitude was now, the stronger her hatred for Joanna grew. 
If it weren’t for her career, 
she wouldn’t have apologized to this little bitch. 
She had never hated anyone so much in all her years in the industry. 
But now, she hated Joanna. 
She wished this bitch would just drop dead. 
Because of her, she was now in a humiliating situation and became a laughing stock to many people. 
She was like a street rat, with everyone chasing her. 
Several producers’ wives kept ambushing her every day, scaring her so much that she hadn’t dared to go home. These past few days, she had been staying in different hotels. 
When had she ever been so miserable? 
All because of this bitch Joanna. 
She just exposed her affair, yet this bitch wanted to put her to death. 
"Miss Alcock, I think you’ve made a mistake." said Joanna. 
Looking at Lisha Alcock’s unrepentant eyes, Joanna curled her lips and said indifferently, "I am not magnanimous or kind-hearted at all. So I’m afraid I have to disappoint you." 
"I think there’s a saying that goes pretty well, if apologies were enough, what would be the need for the police? I’m afraid I can’t forgive Miss Alcock." 
Joanna knew very well what kind of consequences it would have if she forgave someone like Lisha Alcock. 
It was impossible for her to truly realize her mistake, nor would she be grateful for the forgiveness. 
She would only hate her even more. 
Because just as she was saying those apologies, Joanna had already seen the hatred in her eyes. 
A person who harbored hatred for her and yet had to bow and apologize, Lisha must hate her even more at this moment. 
Since her forgiveness wouldn’t change Lisha’s hatred for her, why would she bother to act like a divine lady? 
Moreover, if she forgave Lisha, wouldn’t all the things Ashton Heath did for her go to waste? 
Lisha Alcock widened her eyes in disbelief, "What did you say?" 
Joanna stared into her eyes, and said word by word: "I do not accept your apology. As Mr. Allenson said, if no one helped me, I might have been ruined by that scandal. You casually apologize, and I should just forgive you and act like nothing ever happened?" 
"Besides, Miss Alcock, you are a Best Actress after all. Even if you are unwilling to apologize, at least be sincere when you do it. There’s no need to force yourself if you are so reluctant."
###Chapter 882: Chapter 880: If We’re Going to Die, Let’s All Die Together
"What you’re saying is unbearable, and it’s also unbearable for me to watch." 
Lisha Alcock looked at her in confusion, and after a few seconds, her face darkened, "Joanna, are you really not going to let me off the hook?" 
Joanna spoke coldly, "I’d like to let you go, but I can’t betray myself." 
"So you insist on pushing things to the extreme?" Lisha seemed to be provoked, and her emotions got a bit out of control as she roared furiously, "Ruining my career and my life, would that satisfy you? Joanna, how could you be so cruel!" 
"I’m cruel?" Joanna found it amusing, "Miss Alcock should know the saying, ’If people do not offend me, I do not offend them.’ I originally had no grudges with Miss Alcock. Today’s development is all because of Miss Alcock’s own doings. You think I’m cruel, but didn’t you feel the same way when you tried to ruin me?" 
"It’s nothing more than a tit for tat." 
Lisha clenched her teeth, "So, no matter what, you won’t let me go, right?" 
Joanna raised the corner of her lips, "Miss Alcock is joking. It’s not that I won’t let you go, but you didn’t leave yourself a way out. If you hadn’t done some things, people wouldn’t have been able to dig up those so-called scandals. So, instead of saying that I won’t let you go, it’s more like you brought it upon yourself." 
"I have to work later. If Miss Alcock doesn’t have anything else, then I shall take my leave." 
After Joanna finished speaking, she didn’t want to entangle with her any further and turned to leave. 
Watching Joanna’s departing back, Lisha’s last glimmer of hope was crushed, and despair, anger, and hatred filled her heart simultaneously. 
If Joanna didn’t let her off the hook, she would lose her last chance to turn things around. 
She would be completely plunged into the abyss of despair. 
From then on, there would be no turning back. 
All her glory and honor would be gone. 
She would become a laughingstock, pitied by everyone. 
She would become a complete tragedy. 
Her life would be void of any light, forever trapped in endless darkness. 
She could imagine just how tragic, terrifying, and desperate such a life would be. 
Something she couldn’t endure for a moment longer. 
Since Joanna was determined to ruin her life and make her suffer, Lisha couldn’t let Joanna have her way either. 
Her life was destined to be destroyed. 
If she couldn’t escape death, why not drag someone down with her? 
If she must die, let everyone die together. 
"Joanna, you forced me into this. Since I can’t live a good life, don’t expect to have it easy either. You want to ruin me, huh? Fine, let’s all go down together!" After Lisha said these words through gritted teeth, she pulled out a blue bottle from her bag, opened the cap, and charged at Joanna. 
Her eyes were filled with intense hatred, "You want to ruin me, right? No matter how I beg you, you won’t let me go. You forced me into this, you made me do it!" 
By the time Joanna realized what was happening, Lisha was already in front of her.
Raising her hand, she splashed the contents of the blue bottle onto Joanna’s face. 
For a moment, Joanna’s mind went blank, and she instinctively raised her hand to shield her face. 
Someone was even faster than her. 
As Lisha raised her hand to splash the liquid onto Joanna’s face, she was forcefully pushed away. The expected pain didn’t come, as she stumbled back a couple of steps. Just as she moved her hand away, she heard a sharp scream.
###Chapter 883: Chapter 881: This could ruin your entire life!
Joanna could tell that the voice belonged to Maddox Allenson’s agent, Mike. 
"Oh my God, Little Tutu!" 
Frantic footsteps hurried over and soon, Lisha Alcock’s shrill scream echoed. 
Joanna steadied herself, removed her hand in shock, and witnessed a horrifying scene. 
The substance that was supposed to splatter on her face instead splashed onto Maddox. 
His well-defined, fair, and artistically elegant hand was now a bright red, with burnt skin peeling off, and blood seeping from the wound, dripping down his hand. 
His face showed immense pain, but he clenched his lips and endured without making a sound. 
Mike seemed on the verge of a breakdown. 
Tears streamed down his face as he cradled Maddox’s injured hand. 
Angry, anxious, and heartbroken, he cried, "Little Tutu, have you lost your mind?! Did you ever consider the consequences? Did you think that this could destroy your entire life? You’re insane, insane! Do you want to kill me?!" 
"Oh my God, how could the hand be this severely injured? Someone call 911! Little Tutu is hurt, we must get him to the hospital!" 
"What are we going to do? There’s so much blood! What do we do?!" 
Joanna stared at the blood oozing from the wound on Maddox’s hand, eyes wide in shock. 
So the one who pushed her away and stood in front of her was... Maddox? 
Lisha had flung sulfuric acid at Joanna, obviously prepared beforehand to make a desperate move. 
Just now, the acid was thrown at her face. 
Even if she had covered her face with her hands, if Maddox hadn’t pushed her out of the way and shielded her from the bottle of acid, she couldn’t imagine what could have happened. 
Joanna never thought that Maddox would step in front of her. 
He was currently the top idol and the most popular male artist. 
Though he wasn’t solely relying on his looks, for a male actor, a face was still extremely important. 
Especially for a good-looking actor like him. 
If his face was damaged... 
For ordinary people, it would be a lifetime setback. 
As for a male actor in the entertainment industry... 
It would be an unimaginable devastating blow. 
It would not only destroy their career but their entire life. 
When Maddox chose to stand in front of her, he must have considered the consequences, right? 
He should have been able to guess what was inside the blue bottle held by Lisha. 
Why would he do this? 
Joanna was so shocked she couldn’t speak, her emotions could not calm down. 
Accompanying Mike was the film crew’s security guard. 
Lisha had already been restrained by the security guards, but she continued to struggle fiercely. With a twisted and ferocious expression, she shouted, "Joanna, you heartless bitch, you’ll get your retribution!" 
"I curse you, every day, every hour, every moment. You’ll never have a happy ending!" 
"Hahaha, Maddox, you fool! You actually hurt yourself for such a bitch. Do you think she’ll be moved by this? That she’ll like you because of this? Stop dreaming! Your sacrifices are worthless! You’re a fool, a complete idiot!"
"Take this crazy woman away!" Mike turned around, his eyes red with anger as he gritted his teeth, "She hurt my Little Tutu; I will make her pay. How dare you hurt my Little Tutu, I will make sure you rot in jail!"
###Chapter 884: Chapter 882: Do You Think He’s Not Miserable Enough Yet!?
"Are you blind?! It wasn’t me who hurt him, it was Joanna!" An intense hatred swelled in Lisha Alcock’s eyes, as she resentfully glared at Joanna, snarling in a distorted rage, "If he hadn’t stepped in front of that bitch, her face would be ruined by now. He interfered, so he deserved it!" 
"Take her away, take her away now!" Mike trembled with rage at her words, "I don’t want to see this crazy woman again, just take her away immediately." 
Several security guards forcefully dragged away Lisha, who was still struggling and swearing profusely. 
"Hold on Little Tutu, we’re going to the hospital right away." Mike looked at the back of Maddox Allenson’s hand, corroded and blurred with flesh and blood from the sulphuric acid. Tears uncontrollably fell from his eyes, his face etched with intense worry, "How could something like this happen. I was away only for a moment, and you ended up like this." 
"You silly fool, if that sulphuric acid had splashed on your face, do you realize your life would have been over?" 
"Why don’t you consider the consequences when you do things? If anything had happened to you, what would have become of me? Maddox, I’ve invested so much time, energy, and money to get you to where you are today. Don’t you think you should at least consider me a little?" 
"Don’t I matter at all to you?" 
Mike wept unreservedly, a stark contrast to his usual image of being sharp, competent, and unshakeable even in the face of difficulties. 
Clearly, he was genuinely frightened.
And genuinely heartbroken. 
So much so that he didn’t even care about maintaining appearances anymore. 
Joanna knew that Maddox had suffered because of her, and she felt indescribable guilt and remorse. 
Gazing at Maddox’s injured hand, redness filled her eyes too. 
She wanted to approach and ask about his condition. 
Ask him how he was really doing. 
Ask him... if he was in a lot of pain. 
But just as she took a step towards Maddox, Mike suddenly turned around, his eyes reddened with anger, snapped at her, "Don’t come over here! It’s all because of you that Little Tutu is injured, that he is in this awful state, what are you here for?" 
"Are you not satisfied with the damage you’ve done to him yet!" 
"If it weren’t for you, Little Tutu would never have been hurt." 
Joanna’s steps abruptly halted. 
She looked into Mike’s angry and reddened eyes, fell silent for a moment, then spoke up in a strained voice, "I’m sorry." 
"Sorry!" Mike retorted angrily, "Do you think saying sorry helps? Look at what you’ve done to Little Tutu. Do you know how severe his hand injury is, and the impact it has on him?" 
"All the endorsements he’s signed require him to show his hands. If his hand... can your ’sorry’ even be any use!!" 
"Joanna, you’ve really messed up Little Tutu this time!" 
"Enough, Mike." Maddox Allenson’s burn obviously was very painful. His face had paled significantly, and he was drenched in cold sweat. He gritted his teeth against the pain, coughed out in a hoarse voice, "Don’t blame Ms. Joanna, this has nothing to do with her. I chose to do this, she didn’t do anything wrong." 
Mike’s face turned beet red with indignation, "Even at this moment, you still defend her. How can it have nothing to do with her? You took the hit for her, that sulphuric acid was meant for her." 
"Would you have been hurt if you hadn’t shielded her?" 
If there was any consolation amidst this misfortune, it was that Maddox’s face had not been harmed.
###Chapter 885: Chapter 883: Hurry to the Hospital
But even hurting just one hand is still a very serious matter. 
For an artist, every part of the body is important. 
Especially the face and hands, which have a high on-screen presence. 
What really angered Mike was not that he thought his future interests would be affected, but that he genuinely cared about Maddox Allenson. 
This was an artist he had personally cultivated. 
Like raising his own child, he had painstakingly brought this child up and nurtured him well. 
Yet suddenly, this happened. 
This damn child valued love more than anything, not even cherishing his own body. 
This was what truly enraged Mike. 
Now he helps block sulfuric acid, who knows what he might have to help block in the future? 
If Joanna Lawrence were in danger, would he even risk his own life to help her? 
"I told you, this was my own voluntary behavior. It has nothing to do with Ms. Joanna." Maddox took a deep breath, endured the pain of the burns, and gritted his teeth, "If you keep insulting Ms. Joanna, you’ll be pushing me to get angry at you." 
"In that situation, should I have stood by and watched her throw sulfuric acid on Ms. Joanna’s face?" 
Maddox raised his head, looked at Joanna standing not far away, unharmed, and his lips curled in relief: "I’m glad Ms. Joanna is okay." 
The injury on his hand was worth it. 
Hearing him say this made Joanna’s heart suddenly go sour. 
She thought of how she had deliberately distanced herself from him, avoiding him for various reasons. 
She had been very cold to him. 
Their relationship seemed no better than regular friends. 
But in the critical moment, knowing what the consequences might be, he still chose to stand in front of her. 
For her, he took the hit. 
Mike was right, that sulfuric acid was meant for her. 
The one who should be injured was her. 
If it weren’t for Maddox pushing her away and standing in front of her, she wouldn’t be unharmed like she is now. 
Although, it was all his voluntary behavior. 
But, he indeed helped her. 
And she... also owed him a huge favor. 
She didn’t know yet how she could repay it. 
"Mr. Allenson." Joanna felt guilty and ashamed about her past behavior, her eyes turning red, "I’m sorry, it was all because of me, that you got hurt..." 
"It’s okay." Maddox’s pale lips curved into a gentle smile, softly comforting her, "As I said, it was my own choice. In that situation, any man would have chosen to do what I did." 
Mike was fuming by the side. 
To hell with "any man would have chosen to do what I did", he didn’t count himself among "any man". 
If it were him, he wouldn’t be risking disfigurement to do such a foolish thing. 
Nor would other men. 
Only his silly boy would do it like that. 
He had done it and thought other men would be just as foolish as him! 
He was simply a fool blinded by love, who knew if one day he would really risk his life. 
Suddenly, there was a commotion on this side. 
Soon, the rest of the film crew also rushed over. 
Gary White hurriedly walked towards them, and after seeing the burns on Maddox’s hand, his face changed slightly, and he said with a stern face, "What happened? What are you standing there for? Hurry up and go to the hospital."
###Chapter 886: Chapter 884: She Can’t Make Amends Just Because She Wants To
Having finished, Gary White turned to his assistant and ordered, "Seal off this incident, inform everyone that not a word of it should leak out. If I find out that someone has been secretly spreading the news, don’t blame me for showing no mercy to whoever it is." 
"In the future, this person shouldn’t even dream of making a living in this industry." 
Upon White’s orders, the assistant nodded immediately and went off to make arrangements. 
Gary White also made a call to the hospital, immediately arranging for a car to be brought over. 
As soon as he arrived, everyone seemed to find their backbone. 
Even Mike seemed less anxious. 
In no time, under Gary White’s arrangement, everyone escorted Maddox Allenson to the hospital. 
Joanna Lawrence also rushed to the hospital. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence went to the hospital with Gary White. 
Maddox Allenson rode in another vehicle. 
Joanna Lawrence and Gary White were in the same vehicle. 
After getting into the car, Joanna Lawrence sank into silence, turning her head to gaze outside the window without uttering a single word. 
The image of Maddox Allenson’s hand, rotted by acid into a raw bloody mess, kept surfacing in her mind. 
She didn’t know if the burn injuries could be treated. 
If they can’t recover... 
She dared not imagine the consequences. 
For an A-List Celebrity like Maddox Allenson, having an injury on his hands must have a significant impact on his career, right? 
"What are you thinking about?" Gary White, noticing her unsettled mood, had already heard about the extent of Maddox’s injuries on his hand from others prior to their departure. Seeing her now, he knew that she must be worrying about Maddox’s situation. 
Joanna Lawrence remained silent for a moment before deeply sighing. 
"Mr. White, you know, the reason Maddox got acid splashed on his hand was because he shielded me," Joanna Lawrence covered her face with her hands, feeling both distressed and uncomfortable, "Lisha Alcock came to me for mercy. I didn’t agree and so she prepared to splash me with sulphuric acid." 
"At that moment, Maddox pushed me aside, he shielded me..." 
Her voice choked with emotion, "The acid was splashed onto his hand."
"His hand is severely injured now, if it doesn’t heal, what should we do..." 
"Suddenly I owe him such a huge favor, but I don’t know how to repay him. If his hand injury doesn’t recover properly, it will definitely have a significant impact on his future career. Mr. White, what should I do?" 
"I’m the reason he ended up like this, no amount of compensation I offer will ever be enough." 
This favor is too great to be repaid. 
It’s not something that can be rectified just because she wants to. 
Why was he so foolish? 
Why did he have to shield her? 
She felt extremely guilty and remorseful now. 
She was the one who caused harm to Maddox Allenson. 
Gary White turned to look at her, thought for a moment, and slowly pulled the car over to the side of the road. 
"Joanna, so you’re blaming yourself for what happened, right? You think that you’re the one who harmed him, that you owe him an apology?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes instantly reddened and she nodded lightly, "Yes." 
Gary White looked at the girl with red eyes and red nose, sighed lightly, softened his tone, and comforted her saying, "But Joanna, it’s not your fault, you should not blame yourself." 
"Not my fault?" Joanna Lawrence blinked her eyes, as if she did not understand. Her voice choked and she stammered, "Mr. White, you don’t need to comfort me. How can it not be my fault? It is my fault. If not for me, he would not have been injured."
###Chapter 887: Chapter 885: She is very likely to be in Closia
"Lisha Alcock’s target was me, not him. He wouldn’t have been involved otherwise." 
"So, you think you got him hurt?" 
"I did get him hurt." 
"But, would you rather be the one getting hurt instead of him?" 
"Yes..." 
In that case, she wouldn’t have felt so guilty as she did now. 
Her heart wouldn’t have been tormented as it was now. 
"Joanna, he did it willingly. You didn’t force him to do that." Gary White ively analyzed for her, "And at that moment, everything happened so suddenly that you didn’t even think he would do that, right?" 
"... Yes." 
"So how could you blame yourself? Although this incident happened because of you, it was his own choice. I know, no matter what, you would surely feel guilty. But you have to understand one thing - you didn’t do anything wrong in this situation." 
"If someone has to be held responsible, it’s Lisha Alcock’s fault. She threw the sulfuric acid, and she hurt people. Actually, I have seen the burn on Maddox Allenson’s hand, and it’s not as severe as you think. He can be considered lucky in this unfortunate situation. If I’m not mistaken, the concentration of the sulfuric acid in that bottle wasn’t very high." 
If it was highly concentrated sulfuric acid. 
There would definitely not be a single piece of good flesh left on Maddox Allenson’s hand. 
And the injury would be much more severe than it currently is. 
Joanna Lawrence paused, "That bottle of sulfuric acid, it wasn’t highly concentrated?" 
Gary White nodded, "It must have been diluted. The injury on his hand may look terrifying, but it should recover well." 
"Really? It can really recover fully?" Joanna Lawrence’s eyes, which were previously dull, finally shimmered with a glint of light, "Mr. White, you’re not deceiving me, are you? Maddox Allenson’s hand can really recover, right? It won’t affect his career in the future, will it?" 
Gary White didn’t dare to make any absolute promises, and after pondering for a moment, he said, "The chances of it recovering fully are high. In any case, the injury is not as severe as you think. So, there’s no need for you to feel overly guilty. However, I’m quite grateful to him for blocking that splash for you." 
"Hmm?" Joanna Lawrence looked puzzled. 
"If he hadn’t blocked it for you, it would have been you who got hurt." Gary White hesitated for a moment, his dark eyes fixed on her face, and after a few seconds, he gently sighed, "Joanna, if you had been the one hurt, I think my heart would ache." 
Joanna Lawrence widened her eyes, "Mr. White." 
"Lately, I’ve been thinking about something." Gary White looked deep into her black eyes, revealing a hint of complex emotions, and after a moment of silence, he slowly said, "How nice it would be if my long-lost sister, whom I’ve never met, was you. Do you know that recently, my parents have found some clues and maybe soon, I’ll be able to find my long-lost sister." 
"Found clues?" Joanna Lawrence showed a surprised expression and couldn’t help asking, "What did you find? Did you find out where your sister is?" 
"Not exactly, but we know something." Gary White didn’t think of hiding anything from Joanna Lawrence and told her everything they had found, "According to the current information, she’s very likely to be in Closia." 
"I really didn’t expect that after searching for so many years, looking here and there, she’s actually been living right under our noses." 
"We always thought she would’ve moved elsewhere, so we focused our search in other places.
###Chapter 888: Chapter 886: Also cherishing this warmth, feeling attached
It’s what caused the clue to come to a standstill at a certain point, and it couldn’t progress any further, wasting so many years." 
As Gary White spoke up to this point, he looked at Joanna Lawrence again with a complicated gaze, "You’re also from Closia, and when I first saw you, I inexplicably felt fond of you. You feel like my sister. So, I’ve been thinking, could you really be my sister?" 
"Mr. White, I..." 
"But it’s impossible, right?" Gary White forced a smile and sighed, "My sister was adopted, so how could you be her?" 
Joanna was silent for a while, and somehow, she felt a little sad. 
She knew she shouldn’t have such emotions. 
Perhaps soon, Gary White would find his sister. 
And their family would be reunited. 
This was a joyous event worthy of celebration, and she should be happy for Gary White. 
After all, she was well aware of how much he wanted a sister and how much he cared about the sister who had been lost for many years. 
His whole family had been looking for that girl for over ten years. 
One could imagine how important that girl was to their family. 
But, she found that she couldn’t seem to be happy. 
Instead, there was a faint feeling of loss in her heart. 
Once Gary White found his sister, all his future affection would surely be devoted to her, right? 
Could she, a person who reminded him of his sister, still receive such warm and attentive treatment? 
Would he still treat her this well as he does now? 
Probably not. 
With his biological sister back by his side, there was no way he would treat an outsider so well. 
In fact, all of this was quite normal, and she could understand it. 
But deep down, she couldn’t help but feel sad and at a loss. 
If he had never treated her well, she wouldn’t have felt anything, but these past few days, he had treated her like a gentle mentor, doing so many things that warmed her heart, making her suddenly greedy. 
She became attached to this warmth and kindness. 
So that was why, upon hearing Gary White mention having clues to find his sister, she suddenly experienced a sense of loss. 
People truly are greedy creatures. 
It was only just these past few days that Gary White had been good to her, and she had already developed attachment and reluctance to let go. 
"Mr. White, well... congratulations," she suppressed the sourness at the bottom of her heart and squeezed a smile from the corner of her lips, unwilling to let her emotions show too obviously, "It seems that soon, your family will be reunited. It really is a great joyous event worth celebrating." 
"Yes, indeed it is." Gary White nodded, "Our family has been searching for her for eighteen long years, and now we finally have a clue. Joanna, I think you’re my lucky star." 
Joanna was startled, "Why do you say that?" 
He chuckled, "Didn’t you say before that our family would be reunited soon? Well, as soon as you said it, we found the clue quickly. Isn’t that lucky? I always have the feeling that you brought me this good fortune." 
"We searched for eighteen years and never found any clues, but soon after meeting you, we found one. Joanna, you bring good luck to those around you, so you don’t have to worry anymore. I believe Maddox Allenson will be just fine." 
Was she really a lucky star? 
Joanna recalled how Maddox Allenson was injured because of her and slightly hooked her lips in self-mockery.
###Chapter 889: Chapter 887: Would you like to come to my birthday party?
If she was a lucky star, she wouldn’t implicate others, right? 
She wished she was a lucky star so that Maddox Allenson’s hand injury could heal well without leaving any scars. 
"By the way, my birthday’s coming up in a few days. Would you like to attend my birthday party?" Gary White redirected the conversation upon seeing her become gloomy, knowing that she was probably worried about Maddox again. 
Joanna Lawrence looked up at him, "Mr. White, your birthday’s coming up?" 
"Yes, it’s this weekend. We’ll probably have the party at home. I’ve invited some old friends and family from Closia, and I would like you to attend too." 
"Sure," Joanna nodded immediately. "I’ll be there for Mr. White’s birthday." 
"Great, remember to come. One more thing, I will also invite some friends from the circle, and you and Ashton Heath... you two shouldn’t appear together. If you’ve decided not to disclose your relationship at this point, you can’t show up at my birthday party as a couple." 
"Do you understand what I’m saying?" 
Joanna nodded, "Yes, I got it." 
She completely understood what Gary White meant. 
But by then, she didn’t know how to break it to Ashton. 
Being at the same party but pretending not to know each other...he would probably be pretty upset. 
Such a proud man as him has to hide from others because of her, unable to publicly acknowledge their relationship. 
He must be extremely uncomfortable. 
But it’s also not suitable to reveal their relationship at the moment.
She has signed a contract with Linda, which stipulates that she cannot disclose her relationship for two years. 
"I think my parents would really like you," Gary White said, smiling at the delicate and beautiful face of the girl in front of him. 
Joanna blinked, "Huh?" 
"I’ve mentioned you to them. So, they’re looking forward to seeing you at my birthday party." 
"Mr. White, you talked about me to your parents?" Joanna was a bit surprised. 
Gary White nodded, "I mentioned it when I called them. They seemed quite interested in you and wanted to meet you. Can I send them a picture of you beforehand?" 
"I told them you look very similar to my sister when she was young, so they’re eager to see." 
"Sure. If Mr. White wants to send my picture, then go ahead." Joanna didn’t expect that Gary White had mentioned her to his parents. 
And his parents seem to be very interested in her too? 
Who knows how he brought her up. 
With her permission, he said with a smile, "Good, I will send it to them later. Let’s go to the hospital first to see how Maddox is doing." 
* 
Patient Hospital. 
Upon arriving at the hospital, Joanna and Gary asked the reception where Maddox was located and went to find him. 
The doctor was examining Maddox’s hand injury. 
Mike was anxious beside them, repeatedly asking the doctor, "Doctor, how is Little Tutu’s injury? Can his hand heal? He’s a star, his hand is as important as his face. You have to treat him well, you have to make his hand okay." 
"His hand can’t have any scars. Any scarring would affect his future career."
###Chapter 890: Chapter 889: Things did not develop towards the worst outcome
"Doctor, please be gentle. Look, Little Tutu is sweating on his forehead. Did you hurt him?" 
"Doctor, why aren’t you speaking? How is my Little Tutu? Is the burn on his hand really serious and not recoverable? Don’t scare me. We have money, no matter how much it costs, you must cure his hand." 
When Joanna Lawrence entered the doctor’s diagnosis room, she heard Mike’s nonstop chatter. 
Probably feeling that Mike was too noisy, the doctor’s assistant couldn’t help but speak up: "Sir, please don’t worry. Dr. Yarrow is treating Mr. Allenson. If you talk by his side, it will affect his judgment." 
Even Maddox Allenson found him too noisy, and couldn’t stand it anymore. He turned his head and glanced at him, frowning: "Mike, be quiet. How can the doctor examine me like this? I’m in so much pain, and you’re making a fuss. Are you concerned about me, or do you want to torture me on purpose?" 
"Little Tutu, I..." 
"Alright, we’ll talk later." 
"...Okay, doctor, I won’t talk anymore, please check on him quickly." Mike glanced at Maddox’s blood-stained hand and bravely kept his mouth shut. 
The doctor bowed his head and continued examining Maddox. 
After a while, he finished the examination, removed his gloves and said: "He was treated in time when he arrived at the hospital, so the burn on Mr. Allenson’s hand hasn’t become very serious." 
Mike couldn’t help but ask: "You’re saying that the burn on Little Tutu’s hand isn’t serious, does that mean it can be cured?" 
The doctor nodded: "It should be curable." 
"My God, I’m thankful to the heavens and our ancestors!" Mike clasped his hands together, his eyes filling with tears of joy. 
Maddox also breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing the doctor’s words. 
He didn’t regret taking action to protect Joanna from the sulfuric acid. 
If given another chance, he would still act the same way. 
But even without regret, having his hand burned like this would certainly affect him. 
He felt upset too. 
He worried about the impact on his career.
He wasn’t someone with an overly strong heart. 
In the waiting room outside the diagnosis room, Joanna breathed a sigh of relief. It felt like a weight had been lifted, making her feel much lighter. 
The gloomy emotions in her heart also dissipated. 
Fortunately, she received good news. 
The situation didn’t develop into the worst-case scenario. 
If Maddox’s burn couldn’t be cured, and scars were left on his hand, she would likely be guilty for the rest of her life. 
"It’s good news, as long as it can be cured." Gary White looked at Joanna and stepped into the room, "Doctor, treat him well. He is an artist. If his exposed skin is left with a scar, it will affect him." 
"You’ll have to take extra care in the meantime." 
Looking up to see Gary White, the doctor’s attitude became more respectful, and quickly replied: "Mr. White, please rest assured, we will do our best to heal Mr. Allenson’s burn." 
"Mm," Gary White nodded, "I trust you." 
Seeing Gary White arrive, Maddox glanced instinctively at the doorway, and when he saw Joanna still standing there, he smiled at her: "Ms. Joanna, you’re here too."
###Chapter 891: Chapter 890: The meaning of letting Joanna Lawrence go
"Of course, I had to come." Joanna said, her heart filled with gratitude as she walked beside him. After a moment of silence, she asked softly, "How does it feel now? Is the wound still very painful?" 
Maddox Allenson’s burn on the back of his hand was treated as soon as he arrived at the hospital. 
Although the medication had been applied, it still looked quite shocking. 
Maddox noticed the concern and guilt in her eyes, and his heart warmed, making the pain on the back of his hand seem less unbearable. 
He looked at her with even gentler eyes and a softer voice, "The doctor applied medicine just now, and it’s much better. It’s not so painful anymore." 
Mike, standing next to him, moved his lips and wore an unbearable expression on his face. 
What does "not so painful anymore" mean? He had been clearly in so much pain earlier that his face turned pale and was covered in cold sweat. 
Despite being in such a terrible condition, he acted as if nothing happened in front of the girl he liked. 
He even tried to comfort her despite his own suffering. 
Mike didn’t know what to say. 
"That’s fine, Ms. Joanna, you don’t need to worry about me. The doctor just said that the burn on my hand can be cured. Rest assured, I’ll be fine." To show that he was indeed fine, Maddox smiled brightly and optimistically at her. 
It was as if he had no problems at all. 
"Mr. Allenson, we need to give you anti-inflammatory treatment right now. So, we need you to stay in the hospital for a few days to receive an IV drip. The hospital room has been prepared. Do you want to go now or?" The doctor reminded them as he looked at the group. 
"Let’s transfer him to the hospital room immediately and give our Little Tutu an IV drip for the inflammation. It’ll be troublesome if the wound on his hand becomes inflamed." Before anyone else could say anything, Mike helped Maddox stand up and demanded an IV drip for him right away. 
Actually, Mike was quite annoyed with Joanna. 
If it wasn’t for Gary White being there, he would have told Joanna to leave by now. 
Humph! It was because of this girl that Little Tutu ended up in this situation. 
Although the doctor said it could be cured, he was still unhappy with her. 
Initially, Little Tutu wouldn’t have needed to suffer like this. 
Just thinking about how painful it must be to have sulfuric acid splashed on one’s skin and corroding it was unbearable. 
Moreover, due to the injury on his hand, he must not be able to continue his TV series for the time being. 
He had schedules and advertisements lined up later, which would most likely be pushed back as well. 
In any case, many work schedules would be delayed due to this injury. 
Therefore, Mike didn’t wear a friendly face when he walked past Joanna while helping Maddox, and said directly, "Ms. Joanna, as you can see, our Little Tutu is lucky that the burn on his hand can still be cured. If you came here to see his condition, now you know and there’s no need for you to stay here any longer. We wouldn’t want to hold you up either, so please go about your business and there’s no need for you to stay." 
His words were already gentle enough. 
It was only out of consideration for Gary White’s face that he said so. 
The film crew had been gossiping that this girl was Gary White’s cousin. 
Although they didn’t know if it was true, since there was such a rumor, Mike didn’t want to offend her. 
After all, it could be considered a stroke of luck among misfortunes that Little Tutu’s hand injury could be treated. 
Everyone could tell that Mike was hinting at Joanna to leave.
###Chapter 892: Chapter 891: Daring to be Ruthless to Him for a Woman!
Joanna Lawrence’s face stiffened a little, and she was about to speak when Maddox Allenson spoke up first, "Ms. Joanna, Mike’s been going through a midlife crisis lately, which is why his temper’s been a bit off. Don’t mind him. I suddenly remembered that there are still two scenes that need to be rehearsed, would it be possible for you to help me practice?" 
"I won’t be able to go to the film crew these days. I’m afraid if we wait too long, I won’t feel it when I act later. So would it be possible for you to come to the hospital and practice acting with me if you have time during these days?" 
"Of course, if you have other things to do, just pretend I never asked." 
"Little brat, what are you talking about? Who’s going through a midlife crisis? And what scenes are you rehearsing? There’s nothing to rehearse. Just stay put these few days..." 
"Mike, shut up." Maddox turned his head and glared at him fiercely, his eyes carrying a warning. "I’m aware of my own situation. I don’t need you to make decisions for me. If you feel uncomfortable staying here, you can go back." 
Mike felt indignant and wronged at being threatened by the very person he had brought up and supported. 
How dare this little brat speak to him that way for a woman! 
Was this a case of the young not taking his advice? 
And even dared to say that he was going through a midlife crisis. 
He was still young, not even forty! 
However, Mike could only grumble in his heart, precisely because Maddox was the artist he had raised and worked with for so many years that he understood the temperament of this little brat. 
Provoking him would really upset him more than anything. 
For Joanna, he was even taking the risk of disfigurement. 
It was evident how important Joanna was to him. 
He finally understood. 
He could no longer persuade this little brat. 
This time, his boy was in the throes of this. 
Upset and angry, Mike eventually retorted weakly: "If you tell me to go, I won’t go. I’m staying right here. What can you do about it?!" 
There’s no way he’d leave Maddox here alone. 
Although the two were agent and signing artist, that employment relationship had long since evolved into a friendship, and even more profound than friendship. 
Joanna, who was nearby: "..." 
Although Mike always seemed to have a problem with her, she didn’t feel too bad about him. 
After all, as an agent, everything Mike did was for his artist’s sake. 
From Mike’s perspective, he hadn’t done anything wrong. 
Joanna could tell if someone genuinely despised her or not. 
Lisha Alcock truly detested her. 
However, she didn’t feel the same sentiment from Mike. 
Having observed everything, Gary White glanced thoughtfully at Maddox, then turned his gaze to Joanna, his brows lightly furrowed. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence eventually stayed in the hospital to practice acting with Maddox Allenson. 
In fact, the practice didn’t take long. Although the injury to Maddox’s hand could be treated, the sulfuric acid, even if diluted, caused a painfully deep wound. 
He didn’t seem to be in good shape. 
Even if he tried to force himself to continue, Joanna could tell that he must be uncomfortable. 
So, after practicing for about ten minutes, Joanna suggested stopping. 
Maddox didn’t want her to leave just like that. Hearing her propose to end the practice, he said anxiously, "What’s wrong? Did I not perform well just now or do you feel there’s no connection when practicing with me?"
###Chapter 893: Chapter 892: Every minute and second, he treasures it deeply.
"No." Joanna Lawrence raised her head, looking at his slightly pale face, picked up the cup on the bedside table, and got up to pour him a glass of water. 
She held the water glass and returned to the bedside, handing it to Maddox Allenson’s uninjured hand: "Mr. Allenson, do you want to rest for a while? You don’t seem to be in a good state." 
Now, there were only the two of them left in the hospital room. 
Gary White stayed for only a short time, spending about ten minutes in the room before having to leave for other matters. 
Mike stayed for about an hour, but after receiving a call, also had to leave temporarily. 
In the end, only Joanna Lawrence was left to accompany Maddox Allenson in the hospital room. 
At other times, if Maddox Allenson had not been injured because of her, Joanna would not have stayed this long. 
She would have just symbolically visited him and then left. 
But this time, since Maddox Allenson was injured because of her and was hospitalized, she had to stay for both sentimental and rational reasons. 
Maddox Allenson took a sip of water, lowered his eyes, and was silent for a while. He shook his head gently: "I’m not tired or sleepy. You don’t have to stay here with me if you’re tired, you can go first." 
He was actually tired and sleepy, wanting very much to rest. 
However, if he said he was tired or sleepy, Joanna would probably leave immediately, right? 
He didn’t want to waste this rare opportunity to be alone with her. 
Each precious minute and second was precious. 
He wanted her to stay with him. 
He knew that her staying here was out of guilt for him. 
Because he had taken the blow for her, he had been injured. 
She felt guilty and owed him. 
She was making up for it. 
If it weren’t for this incident, her attitude towards him would probably continue to be cold and distant. 
He wouldn’t be treated like this right now. 
Not only could he spend a long time with her alone, but she was also beginning to smile at him, with an attitude completely different from before. 
Maddox Allenson suddenly felt that being injured was worthwhile. 
This little injury in exchange for the current treatment was well worth it. 
"That’s not what I meant." Joanna immediately said, "You can sleep if you are tired, I’ll still stay here with you until your IV drip is finished." 
Maddox Allenson was slightly taken aback, raised his eyes to look at her, his pupils flickered gently: "You won’t leave?" 
Joanna nodded: "Your IV drip is not finished, I’ll wait for Mike to come back before I leave." 
"I can call a nurse if you have something to do instead of accompanying me." As soon as Maddox Allenson finished speaking, he regretted it. 
He was afraid that Joanna would really leave. 
However, there was no taking back what he had already said. 
Fortunately, what he worried about didn’t happen. 
Joanna shook her head, picked an orange from the fruit basket on the bedside table, and began to slowly peel it: "As I said, I’ll wait till your IV drip is finished. Are you sure you don’t want to sleep?" 
Maddox Allenson instinctively raised his head to look at the IV drip bag and saw that almost a full bag was left. A gentle smile appeared on the corners of his lips. 
"Mm, I’m not sleepy." 
He held back his fatigue and said, "If you’re tired, you can sleep for a while." 
"I’m accompanying a patient, so it wouldn’t be right for me to sleep before the patient does." Joanna curved her lips, cutting the peeled orange into pieces, and handed him one, "So, how should we pass the time? Do you want to watch a movie? I can help you pick one. Or do you like to do something else, like what do you usually do when you’re not working at home?"
###Chapter 894: Chapter 893: How about we add each other as friends in the game?
Joanna Lawrence felt that it was quite boring for them to sit quietly together. 
Besides discussing work, she and Maddox Allenson couldn’t find other topics to talk about. 
Yet, to Maddox, having her by his side, even if they did nothing, made him feel far from bored. 
Watching her, his heart was filled with happiness. 
However, those words, he dared not say, nor could he say. 
His feelings could only be buried deepest in his heart, carefully hidden, as if afraid she might notice. 
"In my free time? When I’m free, I watch movies, play games, or do some exercise. Other than that, I can’t think of anything else. You must find my life exceptionally dull, don’t you?" 
"You still enjoy playing games?" When Joanna finally heard a shared hobby between them, she couldn’t help but ask, "What games do you like to play?"
"Some mobile games, just to pass the time. Like King of Glory, for instance." 
"You like to play King of Glory? I play that game too. What’s your rank?" 
Maddox thought for a moment: "Last season I think I was at Master of 58 Stars, just made it to Master this season. I’ve been busy recently, so I’ve not played much. You also play this game, which server are you on and what rank?" 
Joanna: "..." 
"You, you reached Master of 58 Stars? Did you get there by yourself, without any boosters?" 
She simply couldn’t believe it. 
Could Maddox, an A-List celebrity who’s always busy, not only have the time to play games, but also reach Master of 58 Stars? 
That couldn’t have been achieved by himself. 
It’s illogical. 
"Boosters?" Maddox frowned slightly in confusion, "Why would I need boosters? If I used a booster to rank up, wouldn’t it take away the fun of playing the game?" 
"So, you ranked up by yourself?!" 
"Yes, what’s wrong?" 
"..." 
"By the way, your rank..." 
Joanna covered her face: "Just made it to Diamond." 
"Diamond? That’s really good." 
Joanna: "What’s good about it?!" 
"As a girl, reaching Diamond all by yourself, that’s very impressive." 
"..." 
Was he serious? 
"Miss Joanna, how about we add each other as game friends?" Until now, Maddox Allenson hadn’t gotten Joanna’s contact information. Knowing that she also plays the game, he tactfully suggested adding her as a game friend. 
If they became game friends, not only would he have a way to contact her, but he could also invite Joanna to play games together. 
"This way, we can play together when we are free. If you don’t mind, I can also help you rank up." 
Joanna was tempted by his words. 
Having Maddox, a seasoned player with Master of 58 Stars, help her rank up, how could she not become a Master? 
To her, a small Diamond noob, this was too much of a temptation. 
But... 
Remembering certain things, she hesitated again: "Well, I don’t think so. I rarely play games in my spare time, and I didn’t play much in this past season. If you want to find a teammate for duo games, you should find someone who plays regularly." 
"That’s okay, I don’t play much either. If we have time, we can play a few rounds together. If not, it’s fine." 
"... Okay then." 
After Maddox had gone this far in his suggestions, Joanna couldn’t refuse anymore and could only nod her agreement.
###Chapter 895: Chapter 894: Are you coming back tomorrow?
She felt that adding a game friend wasn’t a big deal. 
Someone as busy as Maddox Allenson probably wouldn’t have much time to play games anyway. 
Their gaming times... shouldn’t overlap. 
After adding each other as game friends, they chatted for almost an hour, using the game as a conversation topic. 
As they chatted, Joanna discovered that she and Maddox Allenson shared many interests and hobbies. 
For instance, both of them were introverts in private. 
Just like her, Maddox Allenson actually hated socializing.
Both of them loved small animals, and when they were young, they had even picked up stray cats and dogs to take care of at home. 
Moreover, they had given the stray dogs they picked up the same name, both called Bella. 
As the conversation went on, they found more and more common topics, and the two hours flew by. 
When Maddox Allenson’s IV drip was almost finished, Mike returned. 
"Ms. Joanna, thank you for staying with Little Tutu so long. Now that I’m here, you can go ahead and leave. I’ll take care of Little Tutu," Mike said as he entered the hospital room, hearing laughter coming from inside, his brow furrowing unconsciously. 
He looked at Maddox Allenson with some concern. 
This little brat had grown up, found a woman he liked, and wanted to fall in love. 
All of that, he could understand. 
Even, if Maddox Allenson really loved this girl and insisted on being with her, it wouldn’t be impossible for him to secretly have a relationship. 
But Joanna had a boyfriend. 
And that man didn’t seem like someone to be trifled with. 
The fact that Lisha had such bad luck and her scandals got exposed probably had something to do with that man. 
Even if they didn’t know the identity of the man, who could easily ruin Lisha’s reputation, he was definitely not someone they could afford to provoke. 
If that man found out that the little brat had his sights on his woman, it would be... 
Thinking of that, Mike’s face changed, and he quickly walked to the side of the hospital bed, standing between Maddox Allenson and Joanna. 
As he looked down at Joanna, his gaze was filled with undisguised intention to oust her: "Ms. Joanna, you must be tired, please go home and rest." 
"Mike, you..." Maddox Allenson furrowed his eyebrows behind him. 
Mike turned to look at him, smiling and said,"Little Tutu, Ms. Joanna has been with you for several hours now, and it’s about time for dinner. You don’t expect her to keep starving herself to stay with you, do you? Besides, Ms. Joanna has her own things to do, we shouldn’t keep her any longer, isn’t it?" 
Maddox Allenson pressed his lips together but didn’t say anything. 
So Mike continued smiling and said, "You can bear letting such a beautiful girl go hungry, but I can’t. Isn’t it enough that I’m here to stay with you? I brought your favorite Empanadas for you to try. Want one?" 
Maddox Allenson stayed silent for a few more seconds before raising his head to look at Joanna: "Ms. Joanna, please go eat. It’s enough for Mike to stay with me. You don’t need to come back today; go home and have a good rest." 
"Alright then." 
Joanna checked the time and realized it was indeed late, so she got up and said, "I’ll leave first then. Mr. Allenson, take good care of yourself. I’ll come to see you again tomorrow." 
Maddox Allenson’s dimmed eyes instantly lit up again. 
His eyes were filled with surprise: "Ms. Joanna, are you coming again tomorrow?" 
Joanna nodded: "Of course, I’ll come. Mr. Allenson, you got hurt because of me, and you’re still in the hospital. How could I not come to see you? However, if you don’t want to be disturbed by too many people, I can also..."
###Chapter 896: Chapter 895: You... You can understand, right?
"Alright, I’ll wait for you." Maddox Allenson interrupted her before she finished speaking, "Come tomorrow, and we can practice acting together again. I felt something wasn’t right today, so when you come tomorrow, we can study it together." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence had just stepped out of the hospital room when she received a call from Ashton Heath. 
From the other end of the phone, the man’s deep and magnetic voice came through: "What are you doing? Have you eaten yet?" 
Joanna turned her head and glanced back at the hospital room, hesitated for a few seconds, and then said, "I’m at the hospital, I haven’t eaten yet, I’m about to go out for dinner." 
"In the hospital? What happened to you?" 
"Nothing, I..." Joanna was about to say something, but thought better of it and changed her words, "I’m fine, it’s a male actor from the same film crew who got injured, I’m here at the hospital to visit him." 
"I’m about to head back now." 
"Which male actor?" 
Ashton was always good at focusing on the key points. 
Knowing his personality and not intending to hide anything from him, Joanna thought for a moment and told him everything that had happened on the shooting scene. 
"If he hadn’t blocked that for me, I might have..." Joanna took a deep breath, paused for a few seconds, and continued, "So I’m very grateful to him. During his stay in the hospital, I’ll probably come to visit him for a while." 
"Ashton, I know you mind him. But the situation is special now, and I can’t just ignore him. I owe him a huge favor, and I don’t know how to repay him. If I treat him as indifferently as I did before, I... I can’t do it." 
"But my feelings for him are only gratitude, nothing more. You... you understand, right?" 
She asked cautiously. 
Even though she knew he would mind, she still chose to tell him everything. 
She didn’t want to hide it from him, and she couldn’t. 
Even if she didn’t say anything, he would learn about it sooner or later. 
Deliberately concealing it would only make him more uncomfortable, and it wouldn’t help. 
After she finished speaking, Ashton remained silent for a while on the phone. 
It was only after almost a minute of silence that he finally spoke, his voice remained low and gentle, with no hint of any other emotions: "Why didn’t you tell me as soon as something like this happened?" 
"If I hadn’t called you, were you not planning to tell me at all?" 
"Joanna, do you know, I’ve been waiting for your call. I thought you would call me very soon, I thought you would tell me how scared you were, that you would ask me to be by your side immediately, that you would want to see me very much." 
"I’ve been waiting since this morning, but you haven’t called, and you haven’t sent any messages. And then you tell me now that you’ve been with Maddox Allenson the whole day? Joanna, in your heart, am I still your husband? Have you ever really regarded me as your other half?" 
"Even if you’re not able to make a call, you don’t even have time to send me a message? Such a big thing happened, and you didn’t say a word. Are you holding a grudge against me for not being there when you were in danger?" 
Joanna was dazed for a while by his string of rebukes. 
"No, Ashton, I didn’t..." After regaining her composure, she quickly explained, "I didn’t mean to blame you."
###Chapter 897: Chapter 896: Humph, this big pig’s foot
Also, I didn’t intentionally avoid calling you. The incident happened suddenly, and I didn’t expect it... Later, I did think about telling you, but I thought you would definitely worry if you knew, and I wasn’t really hurt anyway, so..." 
"So, you thought it wasn’t necessary to tell me?" The man’s deep and magnetic voice was filled with suppressed anger. 
"... Yes." 
"And then even some people in the film crew who have nothing to do with you know you almost had an acid attack, but I, as your husband, had no idea? You think that’s appropriate? You’re my wife, yet I had to find out about your situation from someone else; don’t you find that ridiculous?" 
"I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to..." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t think all that much at the time. 
She simply didn’t want him to worry. 
She hadn’t expected that because she didn’t call him right away, he would be so angry and care so much. 
If she knew what he was thinking, she wouldn’t have held back. 
She wanted to call him all the time. 
Even though the incident didn’t have any adverse effects on her, she was still frightened. 
When she was scared, the first person who came to her mind was him. 
She wanted to seek his comfort right away. 
She wanted him to come to her, kiss her, hug her, and tell her not to be afraid. 
But her reason suppressed her urge to call him. 
Because she knew that with just one word from her, he would definitely drop everything and come to her immediately. 
But she also knew that he wasn’t always free. 
He was busy too. 
He had many things to deal with. 
She didn’t want to delay his work. 
She didn’t want to affect him with these matters. 
She was considering him in every aspect, yet she still made him angry and got a scolding, making Joanna feel somewhat wronged. 
The fear from the near acid attack and the sense of injustice surged in her heart, and her eyes stung with tears: 
"I really didn’t mean it, I just didn’t want to worry you too much." 
"I’m sorry, I didn’t know you’d be so angry."
Once the sense of injustice emerged, she couldn’t hold it back. The more Joanna thought about it, the more wronged she felt, and tears welled up in her eyes, nearly falling. 
She really wanted to cry. 
During normal days, the man who was always gentle and indulgent to her, never said a harsh word to her. But at this moment, he was so intimidating. 
He was even blaming her. 
He seemed so scary now. 
She felt a little scared. 
When Ashton Heath was gentle, he could spoil her to the sky. 
But when he was angry, he was truly frightening. 
"Are you crying?" 
Joanna sniffed and ignored him. 
She had been scared and on edge enough today. 
When she received his call, she wanted to act coquettish and let him coax her, say sweet things to her. 
That way, she wouldn’t be so scared anymore. 
But there wasn’t a word of comfort from him. 
He was still complaining about her, saying that she was wrong... 
Hmph, this jerk. 
She didn’t want to bother with him anymore! 
Ashton Heath was ignored, and after a few seconds of silence, his tone softened a lot, and he was no longer intimidating, "Baby, don’t cry. I didn’t mean to blame you, I was just...too worried about you, and too scared."
###Chapter 898: Chapter 897: He is your benefactor now, no one can say anything against him.
"I might have sounded a bit too harsh just now, didn’t I? Did I scare you? Why are you crying? Please stop crying, okay?" 
"Ashton Heath, you yelled at me!" Joanna Lawrence As she was coaxed, her tears, which were still turning at the corners of her eyes, flowed uncontrollably. Biting her lip and choking, she accused, "I was already terrified, and you still yelled at me." 
"Do you know how dangerous it was back then? I almost... almost got disfigured." 
For a girl, being disfigured is more terrifying than death. 
Thinking about this incident, Joanna still feels fearful. 
If it weren’t for Maddox Allenson blocking her at that time... 
She wouldn’t dare to think about the consequences... 
Just thinking about it sends chills down her spine. 
The fear made her even more aggrieved: "You don’t even know how to comfort me. Instead, you come and yell at me and blame me. How could you do this?+" 
"You’re too much...+" 
"I don’t want to deal with you anymore...+" 
"Baby, don’t cry. It’s all my fault." Ashton Heath fears nothing except Joanna’s tears. Hearing her cry, he immediately coaxed her, disregarding any grievances he had. 
No matter whose fault it is... 
If he made his wife cry, it’s his fault. 
If he’s wrong, he must apologize and admit it. 
"It was your fault to begin with!" Joanna wiped her tears from the corner of her eyes and said in grievance, "You yelled at me!" 
"I’m sorry, it’s my fault." 
"You blamed me for not calling you right away and not telling you about the accident. But if it weren’t for not wanting you to worry and not wanting to disturb your work, would I not tell you?" 
"Ashton Heath, I just didn’t want to affect you or cause you too much trouble." 
"I understand now, baby, I’m sorry." Ashton Heath kept apologizing, his tone extremely gentle, "I didn’t mean to yell at you. It’s just that I was so worried about you that I couldn’t control my emotions. Do you know how scared and guilty I felt when I heard that you were almost splashed with sulfuric acid?" 
"Guilty?" Joanna wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes and snorted softly, "Why would you feel guilty?" 
"I feel guilty because at that moment, the person who stood up to protect you wasn’t me, but a stranger." Ashton Heath’s tone was a little sour, "Now, you are full of gratitude towards that Maddox kid. Humph, he’s really smart, choosing to block it for you at that moment. Now he can be considered as gaining benefits from a disaster." 
Joanna: "...What do you mean by gaining benefits from a disaster? Ashton Heath, don’t think of other people like that... He is an artist. If not for his luck this time, he would have had scars on his hand. Scars like that have a huge impact on an artist."+ 
"It’s only natural that I feel grateful to him. If it wasn’t for him, the sulfuric acid would have splashed on me." Joanna frowned a little dissatisfied with what he had just said, "Ashton Heath, he blocked a disaster for me. I don’t expect you to be as grateful to him as I am, but can you not talk about him like that? His sacrifice this time was great too. You didn’t see how horrifying the wound on his hand was." 
"I knew it would be like this." Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds, his tone even more sour, "Now he’s your benefactor, and nobody can criticize him. He saved you and blocked the sulfuric acid for you. I am grateful to him too. If it weren’t for him, you would have been the one injured.
###Chapter 899: Chapter 898: When Have I Not Taken It Seriously?
But Joanna, have you ever thought about why Ashton Heath would take such a huge risk to protect you from the sulfuric acid? There are some things I don’t want to spell out clearly, but if I don’t, I’m afraid someone might try to take my wife away." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Ashton Heath..." 
"Joanna, that guy likes you, and his feelings for you run deep. That’s why he took such a big risk to block that acid for you. You also said that his sacrifice was huge. He must have considered the consequences, but he still chose to protect you." 
"Would he do that just for a normal friendship?" 
"In front of human nature, everything is transparent. No one else would do that."
"A person’s appearance is of utmost importance, especially for people in your circle who rely on their looks for a living." 
Having heard those words, Joanna Lawrence kept silent. 
She knew that Maddox Allenson’s feelings for her were no ordinary friendship. 
If she hadn’t been sure about it before, this event had made it quite clear to her. 
But Maddox had shown her kindness. 
Even if she knew his true intentions, she couldn’t abandon him. 
"But I can’t just ignore him. Ashton Heath, I owe him a debt of gratitude..." 
"I didn’t ask you to ignore him. It’s true that his sacrifice was huge, and if you simply ignored him, you wouldn’t be able to justify it emotionally or rationally." 
"Then, what about you?" 
Ashton Heath seemed to smile: "How could I not care? He protected my wife and I owe him a huge debt of gratitude as well. So, if you’re going to the hospital, I’ll go with you." 
"I should also thank him in person." 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned: "You’re going with me?" 
"Mmhmm, didn’t you say you’ll be staying with him at the hospital during his stay? I’ll accompany you." 
"...But don’t you have to work?" 
"Documents can be sent to my email for processing, meetings can be held via video calls. As for some contracts that we need to discuss, if the other party is sincere, they will naturally come to Frankfurt to meet with me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Are you serious?" 
Had this man gone mad? 
Ashton Heath: "When have I ever not been serious? Maddox thinks he can take advantage of this opportunity to develop a romantic relationship with you, but he’s delusional. I won’t give him such an opportunity." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Are you still at the hospital?" 
"Yes, I am." 
"Then come out." 
"Come out?" Joanna Lawrence was stunned again. "What do you mean?" 
Ashton Heath said lightly: "I’m right outside the hospital main entrance. Should I come find you, or will you come out and find me?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
* 
Ten minutes later, at the entrance of the hospital. 
Joanna Lawrence spotted Ashton Heath standing beside the glass door in an instant. 
Hospitals were always crowded places, but out of all the people she saw, he stood out the most. 
There was no denying it; Ashton Heath was dazzling. 
Even in casual attire, his face, body, and aura made it impossible for him to blend in. 
Like right now, he was wearing a simple white shirt paired with his usual black dress pants. Those incredibly long and straight legs were eye-catching. When Joanna’s eyes were on him, all she could see were his alluring long legs. 
Seeing him, she couldn’t help but think about the disparity between people.
###Chapter 900: Chapter 899: Ashton Heath, don’t get agitated
Everyone has a pair of eyes, a nose, and a mouth. 
Yet, they all turn out to be so different. 
He stood there quietly, with a cold expression and an aloof air, attracting the glances of passing women who wanted to approach him but were deterred by his icy demeanor, thus giving up the idea. 
Handsome he was, but so cold, appearing unapproachable. 
Girls generally have a thin skin, and it takes great courage for them to initiate a conversation. 
Encountering someone like him, a living "air conditioning unit," even if they had intentions to approach, they would not dare to do so. 
At most, they would steal a few glances and sneakily take some photos. 
Joanna Lawrence stood at the door, admiring her husband’s stunning beauty for a while before slowly walking towards him. 
As if sensing her presence, he turned his head as soon as she took a few steps towards him and gazed directly at her with his deep, dark eyes. 
The moment he saw her, the coldness and aloofness that surrounded him disappeared in an instant, and even his eyes softened. 
He immediately walked over to Joanna. 
With his long legs and fast pace, he arrived in front of her in just a few steps. 
First, he looked her up and down, then he stretched out his arms to hug her tightly. 
Someone glanced over at them. 
With a mask on her face and her cheek buried in his chest, Joanna felt a bit embarrassed being held like this in public, her cheeks slightly flushed as she said, "Ashton Heath, let go, you’re hugging too tight." 
The man seemed not to hear her words. 
Instead of loosening his grip, he held her even tighter. 
His arms were like a branding iron, wishing to fuse with her. 
Joanna was hugged so tight that her breathing became constricted. 
She pushed gently on his chest, softly pleading, "Ashton Heath, don’t be so excited. I’m fine, aren’t I? Can you loosen up a bit? I can hardly breathe like this." 
The man finally glanced down at her, seeing her face red from holding her breath, then he loosened his arms but still held her close. 
"Joanna Lawrence," he murmured her name. 
"Hmm," Joanna hummed softly in response. 
"I’m glad you’re okay." Ashton tightened his arms, burying his nose in the scent of her hair. He still felt fearful thinking about the danger she faced earlier, "I’m glad you’re standing in front of me safe and sound." 
At this moment, he was grateful to Maddox Allenson. 
No matter what feelings this man had for Joanna, without him stepping in front of her at that moment... 
Thinking about the possible consequences, his face changed, a trace of ruthlessness flashing through his eyes. 
Lisha Alcock... 
This woman dared to harm his people; he would make her regret ever messing with them. 
From now on, he would never give her any chance to hurt Joanna again. 
"Hmm, I’m okay," Joanna assured him. 
She could sense his unstable emotions, so she held him back and gently patted him on the back, "Ashton Heath, can we talk somewhere else? There are so many people here." 
The passing people all glanced at them. 
She still didn’t like being stared at by too many people. 
Ashton held her for a while, his emotions slowly calming down. 
He glanced at the people passing by, then let go and put one arm around Joanna’s waist, leading her down the steps.
###Chapter 901: Chapter 900 - Don’t Let Her Out for the Rest of Your Life
His car was parked on the side of the road. 
After Joanna Lawrence got in the car, Ashton Heath did not drive away immediately. Instead, he sat silently in the car for a while before making a phone call. 
Joanna Lawrence heard him speaking to someone on the other end of the phone in an icy tone, "How is that woman being dealt with now?" 
"In the future, I don’t want to see her again." 
"Deploy Heath Group’s lawyer team, and never allow her to get out in her lifetime." 
Soon, he hung up the phone. 
Joanna, who was sitting beside him, was frightened by his chilling eyes and tone. She swallowed and looked over at him, "Ashton, who did you just call? Were you talking about Lisha Alcock?" 
Ashton Heath’s hand rested on the steering wheel, his eyes still cold as ice, "Yes." 
"What... What are you going to do about her?" Joanna was worried that he might impulsively do something illegal and disorderly. 
What he had said just now sounded a bit frightening. 
"She carried sulfuric acid to find you, intending to ruin you if her career was ruined, and to die along with you. Such a venomous woman can’t be given a second chance to hurt you. I’m going to have Heath Group’s lawyer team sue her and charge her with the most severe crimes. From then on, let her spend her entire life in prison." 
"Only then can I feel at ease." 
If she were given a chance to get out, the next time, Joanna would face even more dangerous threats. 
And the consequences were something he couldn’t even begin to imagine. 
"You’re having the lawyers sue her?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
At least he wasn’t thinking about silencing her or something. 
It seemed that she had been overthinking it. 
"What’s wrong?" Ashton Heath reached out and touched her head, "Do you think this is not enough? What do you want to do?" 
"No, this is good!" Joanna quickly said, "Let’s leave everything to the lawyers. However it should be judged, let it be judged." 
However it should be judged? 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, a hint of coldness in them. 
If judged normally, Lisha Alcock would still have a chance to get out. 
How could he possibly give this woman another chance? 
Since he had deployed Heath Group’s lawyer team, he couldn’t possibly give her another chance. 
Letting Lisha Alcock serve her time in prison for good had been his decision under rationality and calmness. 
But of course, he wouldn’t tell Joanna about this. 
"Yes, leave it to the lawyers. You said you hadn’t had dinner yet? I’ll take you out to eat now, have you thought about what you want to eat?" Ashton Heath withdrew his hand and started the car. 
Joanna thought for a moment and felt that there was nothing she particularly wanted to eat. 
She asked him, "Have you had dinner yet?" 
"Not yet, I was planning to come and eat with you." 
"Then pick something you like to eat, I’m fine with anything." 
"I saw a fondue restaurant nearby when I was on my way here. You like fondue, don’t you? Shall I take you there to eat?" 
"Fondue?" Joanna remembered the time when he had accompanied her to eat fondue until they both threw up, and immediately dismissed the idea, "I’ve just had fondue with Aria in Closia last time, let’s try something else."
Ashton Heath didn’t think too much about it, assuming she genuinely didn’t want to eat fondue, and turned the car onto another street. "In that case, let’s have Barbecue Pork Ribs. You said you wanted to eat this before, and I promised I would make it for you. I have time today, so I can make it for you."
###Chapter 902: Chapter 901: It Should Be a Wheat Seedling, Right?
Joanna Lawrence lifted her eyebrows in surprise, "You’re going to cook for me?" 
"Yes." 
"You... know how to cook?" 
Ashton Heath paused for a moment, then said, "I think I can manage if I follow the recipe." 
He could easily master any task. 
It was just cooking after all. 
He felt that such a simple thing wouldn’t pose a challenge for him. 
All he had to do was follow the recipe. He was sure he could do it. 
"Are you sure?" Joanna didn’t seem fully convinced. 
Could a person who had never cooked before actually make something edible? 
He had made her sweet tea once before, and it tasted alright. But making sweet tea required no real skill. 
Anyone could do it. 
As for dishes like Barbecue Pork Ribs, they might look easy, but they were actually quite difficult to make. 
She herself wasn’t even sure she could make it taste good. 
"I’m sure. If you have any other dishes in mind, let me know and I’ll make them too," Ashton Heath responded confidently. 
* 
Ten minutes later. 
Ashton Heath parked the car in the underground parking lot of a large mall.
The two of them got out of the car and took the elevator to the shopping area on the upper floor. 
After getting a shopping cart, Joanna Lawrence strolled alongside Ashton Heath, casually browsing the shelves of goods and chatting, "Ashton Heath, have you ever been grocery shopping like this before?" 
"No." 
There were usually quite a few people in the mall. 
Most of the people in the living goods area were older. Young people like them were a rare sight. 
Even though Joanna was wearing a mask, it was obvious that she was very beautiful. The mask-less Ashton Heath, with his handsome face, was definitely an eye-catcher. Even the old ladies who passed by him couldn’t help but sneak a few glances at him. 
Ashton Heath still wasn’t used to wandering around a crowd, especially when surrounded by a bunch of old men and old ladies. He pushed his cart to the vegetable section, glanced around, took a bundle of something he couldn’t identify and threw it into the shopping cart. 
Seeing him put chives into the cart, Joanna asked curiously, "What are you going to do with those?" 
"Hmm?" Ashton Heath looked down at the thing he’d just picked up, paused for a few seconds, and came up with a reason. "I think they look good, all green and fresh. Eating more green vegetables is good for the body." 
Joanna Lawrence: " " 
She strongly suspected that Ashton Heath had no idea what he’d just picked up. 
She couldn’t help but ask, "Do you even know what this is?" 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and was silent for a few seconds, then raised an eyebrow, "It should be a wheat seedling, right? I know wheat is edible, but can wheat seedlings be eaten too? Have you ever eaten this? How does it taste?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
She widened her eyes in disbelief, giving him a look that was half puzzled and half amused. After making sure that he wasn’t joking, she was so close to bursting out laughing, "Ashton Heath, can you please say again, what is this?" 
Looking at her reaction, Ashton Heath suddenly realized that he might have made a mistake. 
He was silent for even longer this time. 
"Isn’t this a wheat seedling? Then what is it?" Ashton Heath, who had always excelled academically and won several scholarships and competitions during college, encountered a real challenge for the first time in his life. 
He... didn’t seem to recognize this bundle of stuff. 
It looked just like a wheat seedling. 
But wasn’t it? 
Then what was it? 
Joanna Lawrence was stifling her laughter so hard that her face turned bright red. She felt like she was about to die of laughter.
###Chapter 903: Chapter 902: That Really Was Just an Accident
She thought the funniest joke she had heard this year was this one. 
Ashton Heath had mistaken chives for wheat seedlings. 
When he seriously uttered the three words "wheat seedling" a moment ago, she almost choked from laughing. 
Although she found it hilarious, she also thought it was very normal. 
For a young master from a wealthy family like him, who grew up in a big city and was waited on hand and foot, it’s quite normal not to recognize some vegetables. 
However, thinking of him confusing chives with wheat seedlings, she found it funny again. 
"Ahem, this is chives." Joanna Lawrence, managing to hold back her laughter, took out the bundle of chives from the shopping cart, "We’re not using chives in our dish today. Anyways, why don’t you wait somewhere, while I buy the groceries?" 
He didn’t even recognize chives. 
Most likely, he wouldn’t recognize a lot of other vegetables either. 
Joanna Lawrence thought it would be best if she bought the groceries by herself, swiftly and surely. 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips, his face appearing a bit unnatural. After a moment of silence, he tried to hide his embarrassment and said, "I do know the vegetables. It’s just that these chives look exactly like wheat seedlings, so I mistakenly identified them."
"Wait a moment, I definitely won’t make the same mistake again." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t believe him at all. 
"Just wait here, I’ll go buy the groceries. I’ll be back quickly, okay?" She reached out to push the shopping cart over, "It will take at most twenty minutes, no, ten minutes. Just wait for me for ten minutes." 
"Like I said, it was just one mistake earlier." 
Making such a basic mistake in front of the woman he liked, Ashton Heath really wanted to find a way to make up for it. 
Would Joanna Lawrence look down on him for not even being able to identify vegetables? 
Would she see him as a man lacking basic knowledge? 
Ashton Heath couldn’t tolerate losing face like this in front of his wife. No matter what, he needed to turn the situation around. 
He pushed the cart forward, enduring the odors he could hardly stand, glancing here and there, picking and choosing for a while, he finally picked up a box of ribs. 
As if trying to prove that earlier was indeed just a mistake, he held the box of ribs and seriously said to Joanna Lawrence, "These are ribs, haven’t I identified it correctly?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Wrongly identifying ribs should not be a common occurrence, right? 
* 
Twenty minutes later. 
The two came out of the supermarket laden with goods. 
With bags big and small in Ashton Heath’s hands and Joanna Lawrence following with empty hands, they arrived at the underground parking lot. When they found their car, she watched the man beside her placing the bags one by one into the trunk, an unexplainable feeling of happiness surged from the bottom of her heart. 
She originally thought that a man like Ashton Heath would definitely dislike grocery shopping at the supermarket. 
She knew he was obsessive about cleanliness. 
When they passed by the seafood section earlier, she saw his brows furrowed. Clearly, he was having a hard time enduring the smell. 
But he bore with it. 
The entire time, he did not complain once and never thought of leaving early. 
He patiently accompanied her as she took her time choosing. 
When she suggested he wait outside, he refused. 
They bought quite a bit today, and many of the items were heavy. 
Ashton Heath carried all the shopping bags while Joanna Lawrence went through the whole process without carrying anything. 
She originally wanted to help carry some of the lighter bags, but he rejected her offer. 
Even the bag that she had been carrying was now in his hands. 
Although these all seemed like minor things, it was through these trivial, everyday life moments that she felt this man’s care and love for her.
###Chapter 904: Chapter 903: This is too... wilful
Being married to a man like Ashton Heath is truly wonderful. 
Initially, they got married in haste due to some special circumstances. 
She didn’t have the slightest affection for him back then. 
At that time, who would have thought that she would fall for him so quickly? 
Moreover, this affection kept growing deeper... 
Such a man was indeed irresistibly charming and could easily make women fall for him. 
And he treated Joanna so well, pampering and cherishing her... 
Unless she had a heart of stone, how could she possibly not develop feelings for him? 
She didn’t regret falling in love with him at all. 
Because Ashton Heath was truly a great man. 
* 
The residence found by Ashton was not far from the shopping mall, and they arrived after about ten minutes. 
After getting out of the car, Joanna was still empty-handed, while Ashton was responsible for carrying all the stuff. 
Naturally, the place he chose was an upscale neighborhood. 
In the most bustling area of Frankfurt, the most luxurious apartment building had a two-room apartment; the size was not very large, but the decoration was extremely extravagant and high-end. 
The apartment door had a fingerprint lock installed. 
Joanna couldn’t help her curiosity as she watched Ashton use his fingerprint to open the door: "How come this apartment has your fingerprint password? Does that mean your friend has to change the fingerprint lock after you leave?" 
Ashton opened the door, and the lights inside the room turned on by themselves. 
He walked in first, changed his shoes, and then brought out a pair of women’s slippers for Joanna, casually answering her earlier question: "This is my place, of course it’s my fingerprint. You should also input your fingerprint in a minute, and live here from now on, instead of staying at a hotel." 
Joanna was taken aback: "Your place? Didn’t you ask your friend to find it for you?" 
"Well, after the place was found the other day, I bought it. Oh, the decoration here was already completed earlier; if you don’t like this style, you can have it renovated. But if you do so, you won’t be able to stay here for a while." 
Joanna: "" 
So, when he asked his friend to find him a place, he didn’t mean to borrow a friend’s apartment? 
Joanna was simply astonished: "You just bought this house the other day?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna: "..." 
"So, you asked someone to find the place just to make Barbecue Pork Ribs, and then you decided to buy it on a whim?" 
"Yes." 
"..." 
What else could she say? 
Just to make Barbecue Pork Ribs, he bought a two-room apartment in the heart of Frankfurt’s most prime location! 
Even if this apartment wasn’t big, it should be about ninety square meters anyway. 
Based on Frankfurt’s housing prices, a ninety-square-meter apartment would be close to hundreds of millions of dollars. 
To make Barbecue Pork Ribs, he spent hundreds of millions of dollars to buy an apartment. 
She thought even the wealthy couldn’t afford to be this extravagant. 
This was just too...extravagant. 
Hundreds of millions of dollars! 
Just to have a place to conveniently cook Barbecue Pork Ribs. 
It seemed that her poverty had limited her imagination. 
She didn’t dare to even think about such a thing. 
Was it considered squandering money to make his lady happy? 
After all, it was Joanna who brought up eating Barbecue Pork Ribs. If she hadn’t mentioned it back then, Ashton wouldn’t have asked someone to find a place; if he hadn’t asked someone to find a place, he wouldn’t have bought this apartment. 
Upon thinking about it, Joanna felt a deep heartache.
###Chapter 905: Chapter 904: Are you sure you can handle it by yourself?
These Barbecue Pork Ribs are too expensive. 
She suddenly feels guilty. 
Ashton Heath turns his head and looks at her with a pained expression, raising the corner of his lips: "What’s wrong?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Nothing, I just suddenly feel that I will never forget this meal of Barbecue Pork Ribs in my life." 
"Hm?" 
"Barbecue Pork Ribs worth hundreds of millions of dollars..." 
"Don’t feel burdened," Ashton Heath reaches out and pats her head, leading her into the room, "Actually, it’s not that exaggerated. I just bought this place for a meal. The location is very good, and the feng shui is also good. It’s like making an investment." 
"After all, the value of the apartments here will definitely rise in the future. By the time they’re sold, we can still make a profit." 
"Is that so?" 
"Of course." 
Joanna Lawrence feels relieved after hearing what he said. 
She taps her chest: "Alright, then I can eat more ribs later." 
Arriving in the Living Room, Ashton Heath lets go of her hand: "You can hang out in the Living Room while I cook in the kitchen. I’ll call you when it’s ready." 
"Don’t you need my help?" Joanna Lawrence looks at him doubtfully, "Are you sure you can handle it by yourself?" 
"Yeah, I can do it alone. I’ve prepared some snacks for you. If you find that anything is missing, just let me know and I’ll send someone to buy it. Oh, you can go to the Dressing Room in the bedroom to see. I’ve bought you some clothes, have a look and see if you like them?" 
"I’ve also prepared your daily makeup products and some other necessary items." 
"I’ll ask your assistant to pack your stuff and bring it over later. Starting from today, you’ll live here." 
"It’s a bit far from where you’re filming, so I called Zack to come over. He’ll be in charge of picking you up and dropping you off from now on." 
Joanna Lawrence listens with wide-eyed surprise: "You called Zack over?" 
"Yeah. I feel more at ease with him driving you." 
"But isn’t Zack supposed to be driving you around? What are you going to do if he drives me?" 
"I have other drivers at home. Besides, I can drive myself. Anyway, you don’t have to worry about me. As long as you’re taken care of, I have nothing to worry about." 
"Ok, go have fun. It’s six o’clock now, and dinner should be ready by seven. If you’re hungry, eat some snacks first." 
Ashton Heath finishes speaking and takes the bags of ingredients into the kitchen. 
Joanna Lawrence is worried about him operating alone, so she trots to the kitchen door and peers in: "Ashton Heath, let me help you. We’ll work more efficiently together." 
She is truly worried that he might set the kitchen on fire. 
Ashton Heath puts the bags on the counter and walks to the door, gently pushing her head out. 
He gazes at her with his deep black eyes and says word by word: "You don’t have to worry about anything, just wait for dinner to be served. I promise, within an hour, you’ll have your meal." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Is that true? 
Why does she feel that it’s unlikely? 
This man is undoubtedly exceptional in his work. 
But even the most exceptional people have their weaknesses. 
She believes that he is definitely not good at cooking.
However, the man is obviously trying to put on a good show and doesn’t give Joanna Lawrence any chance to help. After he finishes speaking, he closes the kitchen door.
###Chapter 906: Chapter 905: I am going to meet someone
Joanna, hindered by the room door: "..." 
She let out a light sigh. 
Forget it, since he seems so confident, like he has everything under control, he must have prepared in advance. 
She should have some faith in him. 
For now... believe that he can do it. 
Joanna’s expectations for Ashton Heath aren’t high, nor does she expect him to have any natural talent in culinary skills, and be able to cook a table full of delicious dishes. 
Her requirements are quite low—just something edible. 
As long as it’s not too hard to swallow, she thinks it’s okay. 
He doesn’t want her to help, so she’s happy to take it easy. 
* 
Joanna turned and went back to the living room, glanced at the coffee table, and indeed saw a pile of various snacks on it. 
All of them were her favorites. 
She opened a bag of nuts, crossed her legs on the couch, took out her phone, and sent a message to Aria Rowlett on Twitter: Aria, what are you doing? 
Aria probably was also playing with her phone because she quickly replied to her: Joanna, what should I do? I’m a little nervous. 
Joanna: ? Why are you nervous? Aria, what are you up to? 
Aria: I, I’m about to meet someone. 
Joanna: Who are you going to meet? 
Aria: That person. 
Joanna:  
Aria: That ugly man with terrible skills who can’t be shown in public! 
Upon reading this reply, a look of surprise appeared on Joanna’s face: You’re going to meet him? How did you end up meeting him? Didn’t he say it wasn’t convenient for him to meet you? That’s why he had his assistant contact you, right? Have you met him now? 
After waiting for a while, Aria replied with a long message: I thought that the matters between me and him should have ended that day. However, his assistant came to me again today, saying that he wanted to meet me and asked if I was willing to see him. He also said that there were some things he wanted to discuss with me in person. After considering it, I didn’t see a problem in meeting him, so... 
Joanna: Then... you agreed? 
Aria: Yeah. Joanna, if it were you, wouldn’t you be curious about that person and want to know what he looks like? I didn’t want to get involved with him again, but I really want to know what he looks like. Regardless of whether he’s ugly or not... I want to know. 
Joanna was silent. 
Indeed, after experiencing that kind of thing, any girl would want to know what the man who took her first time looks like. 
Even if Aria’s character is carefree and open-minded, she’s still a normal girl after all. 
She’d definitely be curious about the man she had a special relationship with. 
Joanna could understand why she agreed to meet. 
But what about her? Would she want to know who the man was that night? 
Previously, she probably wanted to know. 
But now... she didn’t want to know at all. 
She wished that what happened that night was just a dream. 
An absurdly surreal dream. 
After waking up from the dream, everything in it had nothing to do with her. 
For the rest of her life, she didn’t want to have any connection with that man. 
She was very satisfied with her current life. 
She didn’t want... any changes to be caused by that night. 
However, when she thinks back to that night, a trace of ripples still appear in her heart. The scenes she wants to forget still clearly emerge in her mind. 
That man... 
She didn’t know what he looked like. 
But she could feel that he was a very domineering and strong-willed man. 
While she was silent, Aria sent her another message on Twitter: Baby, I’ve arrived. No time to chat now, I’ll call you later.
###Chapter 907: Chapter 906: Our Mr. Brandon Is the Dragon Among Men
Aria Rowlett quickly sent the word "okay" before getting out of the car. 
Just after she sent Joanna a message on Twitter, the driver had already come around to the back of the car, opening the door for her. 
"Ms. Aria, please exit the car." 
It wasn’t Luke who had come to pick her up, but a driver called Charlie. 
Charlie was around fifty years old, and compared to the previous Luke, his attitude towards Aria was much more polite. 
Both Aria and Joanna had the same attitude towards others. 
They would be nice to those who treated them well. 
But if someone showed them a bad attitude, they wouldn’t be friendly either. 
Although it was only a brief interaction, Aria felt Charlie was a decent person, so after getting out of the car, she thanked him and hesitated for a few seconds before asking, "Charlie, can I ask you a question?" 
Charlie nodded: "What would you like to ask, Ms. Aria?" 
After hesitating for a few more seconds, Aria asked tentatively, "Your... boss... must be quite young, right?" 
Considering the touch she felt that night, it should be a young man. 
A young man who exercises regularly. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have such firm muscles. 
But she still wanted to inquire about him before meeting the man in person. 
In case there was a big difference between her imagination and reality. 
Charlie was taken aback for a moment, then seemed to find her question amusing and couldn’t help but laugh: "Ms. Aria, rest assured, our boss is in the prime of life, a young and promising talent, not old at all." 
Aria felt slightly relieved. 
At least he wasn’t an old man or something. 
"What does he... look like?" 
As long as he wasn’t too ugly, she... could accept it, right? 
Although as someone who values looks, she hoped that the man she had spent the night with was a super handsome guy, the kind she would fall for at first sight. 
But she didn’t think she could be that lucky. 
Charlie was taken aback again, and after a few seconds of silence, his smile grew even brighter: "Ms. Aria can rest assured. Our boss..." 
Charlie paused for a moment, as if thinking about how to describe him: "Our boss is like a dragon among men, extremely good-looking. Once you see him, you’ll know. As far as I know, every woman who’s seen him has been smitten." 
Hearing Charlie say this, Aria didn’t feel reassured; instead, she became a bit worried. 
What was this about being a dragon among men and one in a million? 
And all the women who had seen him had fallen for him. 
That sounded a bit exaggerated. 
She thought Charlie must be wearing "subordinate-filtered goggles," thinking his boss was the most handsome man in the world, so even if the man was ugly, in his eyes, he’d still be a super handsome guy with extraordinary charm. 
He thought every woman who saw his boss would be smitten. 
But in reality, that man might actually be quite ugly. 
With this thought, Aria felt a chill in her heart. 
She didn’t even dare to hope that the man was a super handsome guy.
But at least, he shouldn’t be an ugly monster, right? 
Her first time should at least be with someone she could bear to look at. 
Seeing her reaction, Charlie knew she didn’t believe him. 
He didn’t continue the topic and simply said, "Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon is already waiting for you. Let’s go." 
Since they had arrived, Aria could only brace herself and follow him.
###Chapter 908: Chapter 907: You lunatic, talking nonsense all the time!
Although she was already feeling hesitant in her heart, she still nodded and said, "Fine." 
* 
As soon as that man had offered 50 million dollars, Aria Rowlett had guessed that his identity must be extraordinary, definitely a big shot who was either rich or powerful. 
But when she followed Charlie through one garden and then two courtyards, she was still shocked by the absurdly extravagant mansion. 
It hardly seemed like a residential area for people. 
It was more like a large forest park. 
If it weren’t for Charlie leading her, she would have definitely gotten lost. 
She knew that the man had money. 
But she had never thought that he could be this wealthy. 
It was beyond her understanding. 
After following Charlie for almost ten minutes, finally, he stopped in front of a white building. 
"Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon is waiting for you inside." 
As soon as Charlie finished speaking, a person walked out of the White Castle. 
Aria Rowlett heard Charlie politely say "Luke," she furrowed her brows and raised her head. 
Upon seeing the person she detested, she frowned even more, her expression becoming a bit unpleasant. 
Similarly, when Luke saw her, he also frowned, his face not looking very pleased. 
Neither of them gave each other a good look, both showing disdain and annoyance in their expressions. 
"Charlie, thank you for your hard work. There’s nothing for you here, you can go about your business." 
"Yes." 
After Charlie left, Luke snorted coldly and said sarcastically, "Ms. Aria is truly capable. In just one night, our boss can’t stop thinking about you." 
"I’ve underestimated you, Ms. Aria." 
Aria Rowlett had heard him talking like this before. 
She could tell that Luke didn’t like her and thought she was scheming, trying to seduce his boss intentionally. 
From the first time they met, he had never given her a good look. 
As for such a person, Aria Rowlett would undeniably not put up with his temper. 
She sneered, "Luke, I know you’re jealous and envious, feeling bitter inside. You think I stole the man you’re interested in. So you can’t help but say these sour words to me. However, no matter how bitter or jealous you are, it’s useless. Judging from your boss’s behavior that night, he’s not interested in men." 
"I suggest you give up early. Falling in love with someone you shouldn’t love is bound to end in tragedy." 
At first, Luke didn’t react, but after a few seconds, his eyes widened, trembling with anger: "You, what nonsense are you talking about! Are you crazy? You actually said I have...those feelings for our boss! You are a lunatic, spouting nonsense!" 
Aria Rowlett looked at him and snickered, "Isn’t it the truth? Luke’s hostility toward me must be because you have that kind of feeling for your boss? You feel I’m your love rival, so you dislike me, hate me. I can understand all that." 
"So, I can’t be bothered to bicker with you." 
"But still, I want to advise you, falling in love with a straight man is bound to end in tragedy. It’s better to let go sooner rather than later. It’s better to suffer a brief pain than prolonged agony." 
Watching Luke, who was about to jump up in anger, Aria Rowlett felt secretly delighted. 
She had long been fed up with him. 
Every time he looked at her, he wore a face that suggested she owed him at least one hundred million dollars.
###Chapter 909: Chapter 908: I’ll Take Her Inside Now
But, she doesn’t owe him any money. 
And she hadn’t done anything to offend him. 
Who was he showing that scowl to? 
Just because Mr. Brandon gave her 50 million dollars, he’s annoyed? 
It’s not even his money. 
What the hell is he pissed off about! 
Aria Rowlett of course knew that Luke was not gay, she was just deliberately saying those words to annoy him because this guy was so annoying. 
If he wouldn’t let her feel bad, she wouldn’t make him comfortable either!
"You, you’re talking nonsense!" As expected, Luke was so angry that smoke was almost coming out of his head, raising his fist in a posture as if he was about to fight Aria, "Aria, you’re spreading rumors and slandering! If you talk nonsense again, don’t blame me for being rude!" 
Every straight man is very disgusted to be called gay. 
Moreover, for Luke, Brandon Heath was the person he admired extremely. 
He would never allow a woman like Aria to tarnish his idol! 
Seeing him raise his fist, Aria stood her ground: "I’m talking nonsense? If you don’t like your Mr. Brandon, how come when you see me, it’s like you’ve seen an enemy. Luke, you don’t have to be so angry and frustrated. I don’t discriminate against gays, and I’m not interested in your Mr. Brandon, so you don’t have to treat me as your love rival." 
"Moreover, your Mr. Brandon’s sexual orientation is normal. Even if I didn’t spend that night with him, it wouldn’t be your turn with any other woman. Alas, just listen to me and give it up early." 
"Aria Rowlett, you can insult me, but you cannot insult my Mr. Brandon." Luke’s face was ashen, his clenched fists turning white at the knuckles, and his eyes filled with anger, "If you say another word, I won’t be polite." 
"Fine." Aria folded her arms, looking at him defiantly, "I’d love to see what you mean by ’not being polite.’" 
"You..." 
"Luke, Mr. Brandon is asking if she has arrived. If she has, hurry up and bring her in." Another person came out of the White Castle, a kind-looking, honest-faced woman around fifty years old. 
The woman was wearing an apron, and it seemed like she had been cooking. 
After she came out, she looked Aria up and down without any expression. There was no change in her face after the inspection, and it was impossible to tell what she was thinking. 
Seeing this woman, Luke’s anger slowly dissipated. 
He seemed very respectful to this woman: "Ria, she’s here, I’ll bring her in." 
The woman called Ria nodded, her gaze shifted back to Aria, she looked at her for a few seconds, then a smile appeared on her face: "This must be Ms. Aria. Mr. Brandon has been waiting for you. Ms. Aria, please come in with us." 
Seeing the way Luke treated Ria, Aria guessed that Ria must have had a high status here. 
She smiled and nodded, addressing her in the same way as Luke: "Thank you, Ria." 
"Ms. Aria, you’re too kind, there’s no trouble at all." Ria seemed like an easygoing person, always smiling, and spoke gently, "You’re our valued guest here today. Mr. Brandon told us early this morning to treat you well." 
"...Really?" Aria smirked, pulling the corner of her lip and turning her head to look at Luke mockingly. 
When Luke met her gaze, his face immediately turned cold, and he scowled again, like he was owed a lot of his money.
###Chapter 910: Chapter 909: This looks like, there’s a conflict
There wasn’t a trace of courtesy or politeness that she had shown to Ria just moments ago. 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him, turning her head, too lazy to look at him anymore. 
Luke was infuriated by her eye-roll, his face turning even more sour. 
Wanted to explode, but it was not appropriate for him to do so. 
In the end, he could only forcefully suppress his rage, his fury choked back, turning his face all the more livid. 
Ria, who had watched their interaction, had her eyes flicker, although she had her doubts, she decided it was not appropriate to ask them out right now. 
It seemed like later on, she will have to make time and ask Luke properly. 
What on earth was going on with him and this Ms. Aria. 
It looked like they had a conflict. 
But, Luke has always been gentlemanly towards women, she had rarely seen him have conflicts with any woman. 
Let alone this woman who has a special relationship with their Mr. Brandon. 
By right, Luke should not have that kind of attitude towards her. 
Could it be Ms. Aria did something to make Luke angry? 
Although her judgment of people is not 100% accurate, it’s at least 80%, right? 
She had given Ms. Aria a good look, this girl does not seem to be unapproachable or have a weird temper. 
The girl is good-looking, pretty enough to make anyone stare. 
Her complexion is very fair and her figure is also curvaceous. 
Just based on her appearance alone, she is a good match for their Mr. Brandon. 
Usually there are not many extremely beautiful girls with good temperaments. 
Always flaunting their beauty, a bit temperamental, like to act and cause scenes. 
But this girl, she could tell, was not the kind who acts or throws tantrums just because they look better than most. 
Women are usually accurate in their judgments of other women. 
The older she gets, she is seldom wrong when it comes to understanding people. 
* 
Aria Rowlett followed Ria and Luke into the White Castle. 
Luke walked behind, while her and Ria walked in front. 
Ria, not wanting her to feel uncomfortable, continued making conversation as they walked: "How old are you this year, Ms. Aria? Did you attend college here in Closia? Is your family from Closia as well?" 
Aria answered each of her questions. 
When she heard that she was attending the Closia Film School, Ria couldn’t help but exclaim: "So, Ms. Aria is studying at a film school, no wonder you’re so pretty. Do you plan on becoming an actress in the future?" 
Aria shook her head: "I want to be a director, not an actress. I plan on making films in the future." 
"A director?" Ria seemed a bit surprised. "I thought you were aspiring to be an actress. It’s rather rare for women to be directors, most directors I know are men." 
Aria chuckled, "Yes, there aren’t many female directors." 
"It must be a difficult path. I don’t know much about the world of directing and acting, but given the scarcity of women directors, it must indeed be challenging. Ms. Aria, you’re commendable."
Aria became a bit embarrassed: "Well, for now, it’s just a plan, I’m not sure what the future holds." 
"Even so, it’s admirable," Ria sincerely said, "Directing must be harder than acting. Many women who look as good as you, surely would choose to enter the film industry as actors, but you, with such favorable condition, chose to direct films." 
"But making films is also not easy." after thinking for a while, Aria said, "I also don’t know if I can stick to it for long." 
"Take your time, you’re still young." Ria’s tone was more friendly and affectionate than before.
###Chapter 911: Chapter 910: The Gap between Your Identity and His is Too Big
As they chatted, they walked into the living room. 
Ria glanced towards the gym and told Aria Rowlett to sit down first, "Ms. Aria, you sit first, what would you like to drink? I’ll prepare it for you." 
Aria Rowlett looked around the living room, and other than the standing maid, she didn’t see anyone else. 
Ria also looked at her and smiled, "Mr. Brandon is in the gym. He will be out soon. He has a habit of exercising every day, and his schedule is fixed. What does Ms. Aria usually like to drink? Tea, coffee, or something else?" 
The gym? 
Aria Rowlett took her gaze back and thought no wonder that man had such a good figure, he works out daily. 
She casually replied to Ria, who then turned around to prepare her coffee. 
Luke still stood by the couch, looking at her with an unhappy expression. 
He really couldn’t understand why Mr. Brandon wanted to meet this woman all of a sudden. 
Wasn’t he not going to meet her initially? 
Mr. Brandon’s face often appears in various news and current affairs. 
As long as this woman, Aria Rowlett, sees him, she will surely recognize him. 
By that time, it will really be impossible to get rid of her. 
If any woman found out that the man they once spent a night with was Minister, they would definitely cling to him, right? 
Which woman doesn’t like a man like Minister? 
He meets all the criteria and standards of a woman’s dream lover. 
Which woman would be willing to break off the relationship after meeting such a man? 
Minister’s approach is only causing trouble for himself. 
He’s already given her money and compensated her; why is there still a need to meet? 
There’s absolutely no need! 
But he’s just a small assistant, he can’t stop Minister from making any decisions. 
Even if he doesn’t agree with it in his heart and is unwilling, he can’t change anything. 
"Humph, Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon will be here soon. Before that, I must remind you not to think you are special to him just because you spent one night together. That night was just an ordinary one for him." 
"Mr. Brandon wouldn’t think you are any different or significant to him just because of that night. Your relationship with him couldn’t possibly change. Since you have taken the money, you should know that he never intended to develop any relationship with you." 
"In short, don’t hold any illusions about Mr. Brandon. The gap between your social statuses is too significant; you two are impossible." 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him again. 
Luke met her rolling eyes and snorted coldly, "Mr. Brandon is very selective; a woman like you will never catch his eye. If it weren’t for the special circumstances that night, he would never have touched you." 
"That night was an accident, and such an accident will never happen again." 
Initially, he believed that Aria Rowlett was deliberately approaching Brandon Heath. 
Because her appearance at that time was too coincidental. 
Not long after Brandon Heath had been drugged, she appeared. 
He couldn’t help but suspect that it was intentional, that someone was manipulating everything behind the scenes. 
But he investigated it. 
He carefully investigated it all. 
The result of the investigation was that Aria Rowlett indeed was an accident and not someone deliberately arranged. 
This investigation result left Luke very dissatisfied. 
He still believed in his heart that Aria Rowlett was a scheming woman. 
Aria Rowlett couldn’t even be bothered to deal with him anymore, and this time she didn’t even bother to roll her eyes, turning her head away as if he didn’t exist.
###Chapter 912: Chapter 911: Ms. Aria, sorry to keep you waiting.
That man looked down on her? 
She didn’t care for him either. 
His skills were so poor that her experience with him was awful. She didn’t want to have anything to do with a man like that again. 
But ignoring Luke didn’t stop him from chattering on: "Did you even hear what I just said? Aria Rowlett, our Mr. Brandon has a good character and sympathizes with your situation as a woman. He wants to compensate you." 
"That night, he didn’t force you, did he? He shouldn’t be responsible for anything. But he still decided to give you a sum of money, and I dare say, no other man would be as generous as him." 
"That means nothing, though. It’s just that Mr. Brandon is kind-hearted and gentle. If another woman had been with him that night, he would have done the same." 
Luke was genuinely afraid that this Aria would cling to his Minister.
No matter what, she was the Minister’s first woman. 
There must be a special place for her in the Minister’s heart. 
What if she couldn’t resist his temptation, and kept pestering the Minister? That would be terrible. 
The Minister was such an outstanding man, and if he wanted a girlfriend or wife, he shouldn’t be with a woman like her. 
She didn’t deserve it. 
Aria didn’t want to bother with him, but his endless nagging was getting on her nerves. 
She frowned and was about to retort when a deep, cold voice came from ahead, "I’m sorry for keeping you waiting, Ms. Aria." 
Upon hearing this voice, Luke immediately turned around and respectfully called out, "Minister." 
Meanwhile, Aria was stunned. 
She hadn’t seen the face of the man behind the voice yet, but just hearing it gave her a strange sense of familiarity. 
As if she had heard it somewhere before. 
The man’s voice was very pleasant, with a magnetic charm that was incredibly alluring and warm. It was a deep voice with a hint of gentleness. 
It was especially captivating. 
Just hearing this voice, Aria was already able to picture what the man looked like. 
He must be a mature and steady man, with an exceptional air and charm about him. 
Footsteps approached her. 
As he got closer, she could faintly smell a delightful masculine fragrance. 
It carried a warm scent of pine wood, mingled with a hint of amber and rosemary. 
The scent was elegant and mature, the kind Aria liked. 
Suddenly, she felt a bit nervous. 
She couldn’t help but clench her hand at her side, taking a deep breath before slowly lifting her head. 
Aria had imagined what the man from that night would look like. 
Just now, she had heard his voice and caught a whiff of his scent, and her mind had drawn a rough outline. 
But when she finally saw the man’s face, she was so shocked that she couldn’t say a word. 
Her eyes widened, and her face was filled with disbelief. The whole person was a bit dazed. 
Her mind felt blank. 
At this moment, she couldn’t think straight. 
How could it be... 
Had she not slept well last night, making her so out of it that she was hallucinating? 
Was she really seeing Brandon Heath standing in front of her, and even smiling at her?!! 
She must be hallucinating.
###Chapter 913: Chapter 912: This man... is he really Brandon Heath?
She seemed to be frozen, eyes wide open in disbelief, staring blankly at Brandon Heath for a while. She rubbed her eyes hard and shook her head vigorously. 
When she opened her eyes again and saw the man in her illusion still standing in front of her, his eyes gentle and his lips slightly curved as he looked down at her, she was finally sure that she was not dreaming and not hallucinating either. 
The man in front of her was real. 
He was really...Brandon Heath. 
She had really...seen Brandon Heath. 
But, she still couldn’t recover from the shock, still feeling that this was something incredible, devoid of any sense of reality. 
Was the gentleman Luke was talking about really Brandon Heath?! 
The man she had spent a passionate night with was Brandon Heath?!! 
How could that be possible? 
Even in her dreams, she couldn’t have dreamt anything so absurd and outrageous. 
"Ms. Aria, hello. I apologize for the inconvenience of asking you to come here. Let me introduce myself, my name is Brandon Heath, I am 29 years old, currently single, with no bad habits and no health issues." 
Aria Rowlett looked at him blankly, unable to say anything at all. 
Her mind was still blank. 
This man...was really Brandon Heath. 
The man she had once worshiped as a heartthrob, and even shamefully fantasized about him for a few nights, was Brandon Heath. 
That man she thought was as distant and sacred as a god. 
He was the heartthrob of all women in Australand and had once been ranked as the man Australand women most wanted to sleep with. 
At that time, Aria’s life goal was to sleep with him once. 
She didn’t expect that this once seemingly unattainable dream had actually come true. 
She had really slept with Brandon Heath. 
She wished someone could shout in her ear right now that she wasn’t dreaming. 
She really had slept with the national heartthrob Brandon Heath. 
Brandon Heath looked at her with a stupefied expression, trying to suppress a laugh, "Ms. Aria, is there anything you’d like to say to me? If it’s inconvenient for you, I can ask them to leave, and we can talk privately." 
After saying that, Brandon Heath gave a look to Luke as if to signal that he could disappear. 
Luke had a worried and indignant face. 
He knew that once Aria saw the Minister, she would definitely have this kind of reaction. 
Oh, dear, what to do now? 
This woman must be thinking about how to hook the Minister, and perhaps even delusional about marrying him and becoming the Minister’s Wife. 
The Minister was still a blank slate when it came to relationships, while Aria seemed quite experienced. 
He was worried that the Minister would fall into her trap. 
"Minister, you..." Luke wanted to remind him. 
But as soon as he opened his mouth, Brandon Heath gave him a cold look, "Have you finished the things I entrusted to you today?" 
Luke: "...No." 
"Then why are you still standing here? What are you supposed to do, do I need to remind you?" 
The man’s voice was still gentle, but Luke shivered and didn’t dare to say another word. 
"Yes, Minister, I’ll get it done right away." 
* 
After Luke left, Brandon Heath then asked the few maids standing in the Living Room to leave as well. 
After Joanna brought the brewed coffee, she conscientiously left, too. 
Suddenly, the spacious Living Room was left with only Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett.
###Chapter 914: Chapter 913: Accidentally, I ended up sleeping with her heartthrob.
Aria Rowlett’s previous bout of nerves had tripled, transforming into sevenfold anxiety. 
Her fingers, hanging by her side, clenched even tighter, making her body involuntarily stiffen up too. 
Her heart was pounding unbelievably fast, her hand gripping onto the cushion on the couch, her gaze fixed downwards. She didn’t dare to lay eyes on the man in front of her. 
She came with a fiery determination earlier. 
But the moment she laid eyes on Brandon Heath, she cowered like a scared puppy. 
Brandon lowered his eyes at her. After observing her for a few seconds and noticing her tense demeanor, he slowly walked over and sat down across from her, addressing her softly, "Ms. Aria, there is no need to be afraid. Think of it as a casual meeting between friends. Relax a bit." 
As he spoke, he curved his lips into a small smirk. To help her feel at ease, he joked softly, "I think, I don’t look overly frightening. Why wouldn’t Ms. Aria dare to even look at me? Could it be that I don’t meet Ms. Aria’s standards?" 
"Who says I don’t dare!" 
Aria was someone who couldn’t resist being provoked. She immediately lifted her head, glaring at Brandon. 
When her gaze fell onto his excessively elegant face, her excessively fast-beating heart suddenly slowed down a bit, her brain even blanked out for a second. Then, her heart started to tremble violently at a speedier pace all over again. 
The rate was so fast... it felt as though there was a drum in her chest, forcefully hammering away. 
The entire chest cavity was vibrating. 
Oh, heavens, she felt like she was going to give out. 
How is Brandon himself more captivating and charming than he appeared on television? 
She had always thought he was exceptionally handsome on television. 
As a superficial beauty lover, she felt that she had reached a dramatic turning point in life at that moment. 
She had unwittingly slept with her heartthrob. 
She had given herself for the first time to a man so incredibly good-looking, well-built and outstanding. She had struck gold! 
Heaven knew, how many times she had fantasied about Brandon. 
She had even dreamt about being with him... 
Although the experience that night wasn’t particularly good, as long as it was Brandon, nothing else mattered. 
Right now, she suddenly feels particularly good about the experience. 
All her previous dissatisfaction with this man had disappeared without a trace. 
Who was Brandon Heath? 
He was a man that every woman in Australand wished to sleep with. 
And she, she had actually gotten him. 
What kind of incredible luck had she stumbled upon? 
She was now convinced that Brandon had indeed encountered something unusual that night, had presumably been drugged. 
Otherwise, given his social status, he was out of reach for her in her lifetime. Dreams about him would forever remain dreams. 
So, she really had profited that night, hadn’t she? 
This surprise was akin to hitting the jackpot, no, it was even better than winning a lottery. 
Aria usually was brave, but at this moment in front of Brandon, she was as timid as a little lamb, who just shared a brief eye contact and then immediately lowered her gaze, her face flushing. 
She dared not look at him again. 
If the eye contact continued, she was afraid she might have a heart attack. 
She picked up the coffee from the table and took a sip to hide her inner nervousness and excitement.
"Ms. Aria, about that night..." Brandon did not have much experience dealing with women. He and his brother Ashton Heath were alike. Although he didn’t have androphobia, due to his own circumstances, he had very little contact with women. 
The two brothers shared similar love histories - both were as blank as a piece of paper. 
The only difference was that Ashton now had Joanna Lawrence. 
And, Brandon, was still single.
###Chapter 915: Chapter 914: Did She Just Have a Brain Fart?
Having no experience with women, he seemed calm on the surface, but he was actually a bit nervous inside. 
However, he was always good at hiding his emotions, and most people couldn’t tell what he was really feeling. 
Bringing up that night, he hesitated and first looked at Aria Rowlett’s reaction. After not sensing any resistance from her about the topic, he continued softly, "I’m sorry. The situation was exceptional then, and I did something that I couldn’t control rationally." 
"Although I know saying this now doesn’t mean much, I still want to apologize to you in person." 
It was her first time that night. 
The first time for a girl is always very important, right? 
But he took advantage of her under such circumstances, and even though he tried to compensate her afterwards, he still felt somewhat guilty towards her. 
Surely, one would hope to do such a thing with someone they loved. 
But to her, he was just a stranger. 
That’s also why he ultimately decided to see her again. 
He couldn’t take advantage of her and then let her not even know what the person who did that looked like. 
That would be too much. 
Aria, hearing his apology, was stunned and looked up in surprise. 
Brandon Heath’s eyes were gentle, "Ms. Aria, I also want to apologize to you for my previous way of compensation. That was the worst decision I’ve ever made. It was my first time encountering such a situation, and I was a bit confused, so I didn’t think rationally and calmly, and I had Luke find you." 
"I regretted it once I calmed down." 
"You are a good girl, and that way was an insult to you. I hope you can accept my apology and let me compensate you properly, alright?" 
Aria gazed into his sincere, warm eyes, her lips moved but without thinking, she blurted out, "I don’t think it was an insult, you don’t have to feel sorry for me. Besides, I should be the one compensating you, after all, I’ve always wanted to sleep with you, I... " 
Brandon Heath just picked up the coffee on the table, and his hand suddenly shook, causing the coffee to almost spill out. 
He looked at Aria in astonishment, "Ms. Aria, you... " 
Halfway through the sentence, Aria suddenly realized what she had said. 
When she realized what she had said, she froze, and her face flushed like a burning flame. 
"No, Mr. Brandon, I just..." she hurriedly tried to explain, her face almost ready to burn up, "I didn’t mean that, what I meant is that you don’t have to feel sorry for me. That night... that night, you didn’t force me, I... I did it willingly." 
Damn it. 
Did she just have a brain fart? 
What did she just say? 
She actually blurted out what she was thinking. 
Ah, she wanted to find a hole to hide in. 
So embarrassing. 
He must have heard everything, right? 
He must have, or else why would he have that expression on his face? 
Aria’s face grew hotter and hotter, feeling like the more she explained, the more it seemed like she was trying to cover it up. Nothing she said seemed right. 
She felt like she couldn’t think straight since she saw Brandon Heath. 
She didn’t even know what she was saying or doing. 
She was completely out of it. 
Brandon Heath maintained his stunned expression, watching her bury her head lower and lower... 
As if she couldn’t wait to bury herself completely.
###Chapter 916: Chapter 915: He Doesn’t Want to be Affected Anymore
He couldn’t help but find it amusing, thinking to himself that it must be because girls have thinner skin, they all get shy like this. 
Suddenly, he recalled that night. 
She also looked very shy, her body covered in a layer of pink during the process, quivering gently. 
Like a flower blooming beneath him. 
Her appearance was incredibly alluring. 
Brandon Heath didn’t have much of a concept about women, he only thought that they were a weaker existence compared to men. 
He was even more clueless about the affairs between men and women. 
Because he had never experienced pleasure, he was very indifferent to it, and he could control himself well. 
He was also used to living a ascetic life. 
However, some things shouldn’t be tried, but once tried, they become addictive. 
It’s so-called savoring the marrow and understanding the taste, that’s the truth. 
He, who had always been indifferent to such matters, had chun dreams for several nights recently. 
Waking up in the middle of the night, the unusual sensation in certain parts of his body made him feel confused and ashamed. 
At the same time, he felt like a beast. 
Because in the dreams of those few nights, he dreamt of the woman who shared that night with him. 
In his dreams, he relived the events of that night once again. 
If that night was an accident and he had been drugged, why did he have such dreams afterwards? 
He was confused, not knowing why he would dream about her and do such things with her in his dreams. 
This confusion lasted for several days, making it impossible for him to concentrate on his work. 
Sometimes, when he closed his eyes, he saw glimpses of that night. 
So, he wanted to figure out what was going on because he didn’t want to continue being affected by it. 
That was also another reason why he suddenly wanted to meet her face-to-face. 
He thought, since the dreams were caused by her, seeing her might clear up his inner confusion. 
Thinking about that dream, he felt a tinge of shame, and at the same time, thought he was being sleazy. 
He actually thought about those things that shouldn’t be thought of in front of her. 
This was hooligan behavior. 
For a moment, Brandon felt ashamed, and said apologetically, "I’m sorry, Ms. Aria." 
"Mr. Ashton, why are you apologizing to me again? Didn’t I say that I was willing that night, and you didn’t force me." Aria Rowlett already had a good impression of Brandon Heath, and his apology added to her fondness for him. 
He was indeed the heartthrob she had once been a fan of. 
His character was unquestionable. 
He didn’t force her that night, and actually, both of them were willing, so he didn’t even need to compensate her. 
Yet not only did he, but he also did so very generously. 
Now, he’s apologizing to her face once again. 
He didn’t have a superior attitude in front of her because of his status, even though he could have. 
There was no need for him to apologize to her. 
He didn’t do anything to wrong her. 
"It’s not because of what happened that night." Brandon looked at the youthful, beautiful, and flamboyant face of the girl in front of him. For the first time in his life, he felt embarrassed, and his facial expression became a little uneasy, "Just now, I had some offensive thoughts about Ms. Aria, which was very inappropriate and ungentlemanly. I would like to apologize for my behavior just now." 
Aria Rowlett was stunned and a little confused, "Mr. Ashton, what were you thinking about earlier?" 
Brandon was taken aback, his face changing slightly, and he covered his lips and coughed lightly twice, "Ms. Aria, it’s better if you don’t know."
###Chapter 917: Chapter 916: He is Her Dream Lover
He couldn’t help but find it amusing, thinking that girls do have thinner skin, getting so embarrassed like this. 
She was indeed very shy, and her blushing appearance was quite heart-fluttering. 
He spoke with an apologetic tone, "I’m sorry, Ms. Aria." 
"Mr. Heath, why are you apologizing to me again? Haven’t I already said that it was voluntary and that you didn’t force me?" Aria Rowlett had a good impression of Brandon Heath, and his apology made her like him even more. 
He was indeed the heartthrob she had adored.
His character was impeccable. 
He hadn’t forced her that night, and in fact, both of them had been willing participants, so he didn’t need to give her any compensation. 
But he did, and he was quite generous about it. 
And now he was apologizing to her again and again in person. 
He didn’t have a superior attitude in front of her despite his status, even though he would have been perfectly justified in doing so. 
He really didn’t need to apologize to her. 
He hadn’t done anything wrong to her. 
"It’s not because of that night." Brandon Heath looked at the young, beautiful girl’s radiant face with some embarrassment, feeling uncomfortable for the first time in his life. "Just now, I had some offensive thoughts about Ms. Aria, which were very inappropriate and ungentlemanly. I want to apologize for my behavior just now." 
Aria Rowlett froze for a moment, feeling a little confused. "Mr. Heath, what were you thinking just now?" 
Brandon Heath hesitated, his face slightly changing as he covered his lips and coughed lightly. "Ms. Aria, it’s better for you not to know." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
But she really wanted to know. 
She wanted to know what ungentlemanly thoughts Brandon Heath had about her. 
Moreover, she didn’t mind at all. 
He was Brandon Heath. 
He was the man of her dreams. 
Not only did she not mind his ungentlemanly thoughts about her, but even if he wanted to do something ungentlemanly to her now, she wouldn’t mind! 
Of course, these thoughts could only be kept to herself; she didn’t dare say them out loud. 
Accidentally revealing her true thoughts just now seemed to have scared him. 
If she said anything more, would it cause him to regret meeting her this time? 
She felt it was better not to scare him. 
"Mr. Heath, may I ask why you wanted to see me?" Aria Rowlett’s emotions were much better now, but she was still not completely calm. In front of Brandon Heath, she simply couldn’t be completely calm. 
In her heart, this man was like a myth. 
Today, she finally met the mythical man. How could she possibly calm down? 
However, she was genuinely curious about why Brandon Heath had decided to see her. 
Didn’t his previous request for Luke to deliver the compensation indicate that he didn’t want to see her? 
If he had already decided not to see her, why change his mind? 
Was it because he suddenly felt guilty? 
But it was a matter of mutual consent; what was there to feel guilty about? 
Upon hearing her question, Brandon Heath’s face gradually returned to normal. After a moment of serious thought, he looked at her with warm eyes and said, "Ms. Aria, as I mentioned before, it was a mistake to have Luke deliver the compensation that day. Now, I want to correct my previous mistake. I still want to compensate you, but I hope you can decide how the compensation should be." 
In Brandon Heath’s view, in such matters, it was always the girls who suffered more. 
So, he wanted to be the one to compensate her. 
"What do you mean?" Aria Rowlett blinked her eyes, unconsciously holding her bag tightly at her side. She anxiously asked, "Mr. Heath, are you going to take back that check?" 
Even though sleeping with Brandon Heath was a profitable deal, she didn’t want to give back the compensation she had already received. 
It felt like having to spit out the delicious duck meat that had already been eaten. 
She couldn’t bear to do that. 
Although she was a face-worshipper, she was one with her own principles. 
She had slept with him. 
She would take the money she was supposed to get. 
She couldn’t give back the 50 million dollars that she had already received just because her lover was her heartthrob! 
She... just couldn’t do it! 
Aria Rowlett suddenly thought, with all the buildup Brandon Heath had given her, the apologies and talks of compensating her again, could it be that he regretted giving her 50 million dollars? 
Did he want to take back the 50 million dollars? 
He had just said that the money was an insult to her... 
At this thought, her face changed, and she suddenly lost the mood to indulge in fantasies. 
As much as she liked the heartthrob, when it was compared to 50 million dollars... 
She would still choose the 50 million dollars. 
Seeing the nervous and alert look on her face, Brandon Heath froze for a moment before laughing softly. "Ms. Aria, don’t worry. That’s not what I meant. The money that was given to you is yours, and I have no intention of taking it back." 
So he didn’t want to take the money back? 
Aria Rowlett immediately heaved a sigh of relief. 
As long as he didn’t want to take back the check, everything was fine.
###Chapter 918: Chapter 917: Please Don’t Reject Me
"So, Mr. Ashton is..." 
Brandon Heath’s eyes were as dark as ink, and when he looked at her, Aria Rowlett’s heartbeat couldn’t help but speed up, and her face began to flush slightly. 
There are some people who, when you make eye contact with them, you feel their gaze is incredibly focused, so focused it seems as if you’re the only person in their eyes. 
Brandon Heath was such a person. 
Even though she knew it was an illusion, the moment Aria’s eyes met his, her heartbeat still skipped a beat or two. 
For that moment, she couldn’t control the emotions that stirred within her. 
"Ms. Aria, I would like to compensate you, compensate you anew. How I should compensate you, or what I need to do for you, tell me. As long as it’s something I can do for you, I will agree to it." 
After contemplating back and forth, Brandon ultimately attributed his unusual behavior these days to his guilt towards her. 
Because he always felt that he still owed her, he kept thinking of her from time to time. 
So, if the compensation was proposed by her, as long as he could fulfill it, he wouldn’t have to worry about having those abnormal feelings in the future, right? 
As long as he no longer owes her, he will no longer think of her.
Then his life can return to normal. 
Brandon Heath desperately hoped for his life to return to normal as soon as possible. 
"You want to compensate me again?" Aria looked at him in surprise. 
"Yes. Ms. Aria, have you thought about what kind of compensation you would like?" Brandon Heath slightly curved the corner of his lips, his voice gentle. 
"But, didn’t you already give me 50 million dollars?" Aria was not a greedy person, "I think this compensation is already enough. Mr. Ashton, you don’t need to compensate me further." 
Originally, he didn’t owe her anything at all. 
If anyone was really at a loss, she felt it was him. 
"Ms. Aria, as I’ve said before, compensating you with that money was a mistake. I hope you can propose something else. Is there anything you want to do, or perhaps something you want?" 
Aria Rowlett: "Mr. Ashton, that night... I did it voluntarily. You really don’t have to feel sorry for me. You don’t need to compensate me." 
"But, I hope you can make a request." Brandon Heath stared at her with insistence on the matter, "Ms. Aria, I really hope to compensate you again. If you can’t think of any compensation for the time being, you can take your time and reply to me later." 
"But please, do not reject me." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
This was the first time she had met a man like this. 
Insisting on compensating her. 
And it seemed particularly urgent, especially insistent, as if refusing him would hurt him. 
"Mr. Ashton, I..." 
"If Ms. Aria can’t think of anything at the moment, just go back and think it over carefully." Brandon Heath, uncharacteristically impolite, interrupted her, "No need to rush. Whenever Ms. Aria puts forth a request, I will do it for you." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"I didn’t deliberately avoid seeing you that morning because I had something urgent to deal with, so I had to leave early." Brandon Heath didn’t know why he had to tell her all this, but he just wanted to explain things clearly. 
He didn’t want her to misunderstand him. 
"Later, considering some factors, I felt it was not convenient to meet, so I asked my assistant Luke to contact you. I didn’t handle this matter properly, and it made Ms. Aria feel wronged. Here, I want to apologize to Ms. Aria once again." 
His attitude left Aria feeling somewhat at a loss for words.
###Chapter 919: Chapter 918: Does He Have Time for Love?
"Mr. Ashton, you don’t have to apologize to me." Aria Rowlett felt like she needed to clarify some things, "I’ve said it before, I willingly went with you that night, you didn’t force me. Since it was consensual, you have nothing to be sorry for." 
"I’ve already seen Mr. Ashton’s sincerity. If you really feel like you owe me something and want to compensate me to feel better about it, I’ll think about it when I go back." 
"But for now, I really haven’t thought about what I might need." 
Aria now understood why Ashton Heath wanted to see her. 
He’s a man with a strong sense of responsibility and some traditional thinking. 
He believes that he took her first time, that she lost something, so he wants to make up for it. 
In his mind, even though she was willing, she was still the woman who lost something in that situation. 
After understanding his thoughts, she did not refuse his so-called compensation any longer. 
Since he wants to compensate her like this, let him do it. 
She nodded, and the matter seemed settled. 
As expected, when she agreed, a smile appeared on Brandon Heath’s face: "All right, Ms. Aria will take her time to think about it, and you can contact me whenever you are ready." 
He said this while taking out his mobile phone. 
After a short while, Aria heard her mobile phone ring. 
She took it out and saw a strange number on display. 
The phone rang twice before hanging up. 
Brandon looked at her and said, "Ms. Aria, this is my personal mobile number. I might be a bit busy in the next few days, so if you call me and I don’t pick up right away, I hope you won’t mind. When I become available, I’ll call you back." 
When Aria heard that it was his personal number, her heartbeat suddenly sped up a couple of beats. 
She looked into the man’s deep, ink-black eyes, trying to ignore her overly strong and fast heartbeat, and calmly replied, "Okay, I got it." 
She knew how busy Brandon could be.
It could be said that everyone in Australand knew he was a very busy man. 
It was tough for Aria to imagine what it would be like when a man like Brandon had a girlfriend and was dating. 
Did he have time for a relationship? 
"Anyway, even if I don’t answer your call at that time, as soon as I see that you called, I will definitely reply." 
"Mm." 
"Ms. Aria, I apologize once again for that night’s incident." 
Aria felt a bit helpless: "Mr. Ashton, didn’t I already say that you haven’t wronged me? I hope you won’t keep apologizing to me, okay?" 
"All right." Brandon Heath smiled, "I won’t say it anymore. We won’t discuss this topic again in the future." 
After saying that, he looked at his wristwatch, hesitated for a moment, and asked Aria with some hesitation: "Ms. Aria, would you like to stay and have dinner together?" 
Just then, Ria came over, smiled at Aria, and respectfully said to Brandon: "Mr. Brandon, dinner is ready. Shall we eat now?" 
Brandon Heath inquired gently about Aria’s opinion: "Ms. Aria, would you like to join us?" 
"Ms. Aria, why don’t you have dinner and then leave?" Before Aria could answer, Ria came over, warmly took her hand, and said, "We rarely have guests here, and we’ve been hoping for you to come for so long. You can’t just leave like this."
###Chapter 920: Chapter 919: The cold and quiet place became much livelier.
"I’ve made a whole table of dishes, there must be something you’ll like." 
"Uh..." 
"Ms. Aria doesn’t have anything urgent to do, does she?" 
"...No." 
"Then don’t be in such a hurry to leave." Ria insisted as she pulled Aria up, "It’s not too late to leave after dinner. I made so many dishes thinking that you would stay for dinner. If you leave, Mr. Brandon won’t be able to finish so much food by himself." 
Ria’s enthusiasm was a bit overwhelming for Aria. 
Behind them, Brandon smiled as he watched her for a moment, before slowly getting up and saying, "Ms. Aria, why not stay for dinner? Ria’s cooking is excellent. She has several signature dishes that are first-rate, you must try them." 
"Yes, Miss Aria, please stay and have dinner with us." 
Aria: "...Well, alright then." 
She couldn’t refuse the invitation given their warm enthusiasm. 
And more to the point... she didn’t really want to refuse. 
Having dinner at the same table with her heartthrob was once a dream of hers, too. 
However, with this meal, she reckoned she wouldn’t have much appetite left. 
How could she focus on eating when she was having dinner with her heartthrob? 
Seeing Aria agree, Ria happily led her toward the dining room. 
There were usually no guests at Brandon’s place, 
Let alone female guests. 
Only Lady Octavia had visited a few times. 
So, Ria was especially delighted to see Aria, and wanted her to stay a bit longer. 
As for Brandon, 
He followed Ria and Aria, watching the two of them closely together, with warm laughter coming from ahead. For a moment, he felt a sense of disorientation. 
Usually, his place was cold and quiet. 
Although the house was big, there were also many people living there. 
Due to his personality and work, everyone treated him with the utmost respect, and they were all nervous, even a little frightened when facing him. 
So laughter like this was almost nonexistent around his house. 
And now... 
It seemed that the arrival of a certain person had made the originally cold and quiet place much more lively. 
It used to be that the thing he hated most was noise. 
So wherever he was, it needed to be quiet 24 hours a day. 
And now... 
Hearing the soft and sweet laughter of the girl in front of him, he didn’t find it noisy at all. It even sounded pleasant to his ears. 
It inexplicably relaxed him a lot. 
* 
Joanna was lying on her bed chatting with Aria for a while before sending a message on Twitter to her brother, Jeremy, asking about his recent situation. 
The two siblings chatted for a while, catching up on each other’s lives. Jeremy said he was about to go study and sent her a voice message on Twitter. 
Joanna listened and heard Jeremy say he would visit her in Frankfurt on the weekend. 
As the voice message was about to end, in the last few seconds, Joanna heard a girl’s voice - a very delicate, soft voice, calling Jeremy’s name. 
Joanna’s face changed slightly upon hearing it. 
If she was not mistaken, that girl should be Regina Kelloway. 
Were Jeremy and Regina still seeing each other? 
Joanna wanted to call and ask, but remembering that he had just said he was going to study, she held back. 
Nevermind. 
Jeremy had always been sensible and wouldn’t cause her any worry. 
He should be able to handle his relationship with Regina well. 
There’s no need for her to worry too much. 
Ashton Heath had already been waiting in the kitchen for more than half an hour.
###Chapter 921: Chapter 920: Unknown 
Joanna Lawrence was still feeling unsettled. After giving it some thought, she tossed her phone aside, hopped off the bed and trotted towards the kitchen. 
As soon as she approached, she caught a whiff of a choking smoke. 
She pushed the door open immediately. A billow of white smoke hit her in the face, making her cough uncontrollably. 
"Cough, cough, Ashton Heath, what are you doing?" Joanna coughed until tears started rolling down her cheeks. Shielding her nose and mouth, she waved off the smoke and walked in. Once she spotted the two dark charred blobs sitting in the non-stick pan, she paused then asked with a twitching mouth corner, "What’s in the pan?" 
"Cough." Ashton too, was choked by the smoke. He coughed behind his hand. His thick brows furrowed as he stared at the dark blobs in the pan for a long while before finally uttering, "Steak." 
Joanna’s response was, "...steak?" 
She couldn’t help but her mouth corners twitch again, "Are you sure that’s a steak in there?" 
Those blobs were so charred it was impossible to tell what they were. 
"Yep." Ashton seemed to be aware of how disastrously his steak attempt had gone, looking a little awkward, "I don’t know how the steak...became like this. I was following the recipe; it wasn’t supposed to turn out this way." 
Joanna: "..." 
She wanted to laugh hard but held it in. 
She remembered Ashton confidently declaring how easy it was to follow a recipe. 
He was definitely capable of making it. 
Well, this... was indeed his production, albeit inedible. 
It turned out, even intelligent men like Ashton Heath didn’t excel at everything. 
He could competently manage a company with thousands of employees. 
Yet, his culinary skills were far from talented. 
Joanna wasn’t surprised. As far as she was concerned, it was already a win that Ashton hadn’t set the kitchen on fire. 
"There’re still two pieces of steak left." Ashton paused for a moment, then using a fork, he picked up the charred steaks from the non-stick pan and tossed them into the trash, "I’ll give it another go. I’ve gained some experience now, I’m sure I can do better." 
"Let me handle it." Joanna sighed softly, "You can wait outside. Dinner should be ready in no more than forty minutes." 
"But we agreed that I was to cook today," Ashton frowned slightly, "Trust me, I really do have the experience now. Please just wait a little longer outside, I can fry up the steak soon." 
"Earlier was simply a mistake on my part." 
He made an excuse for himself, refusing adamantly to admit his culinary inadequacy. 
Was there anything out there that could possibly trouble him, Ashton Heath? 
If he wanted to do something, there was nothing he couldn’t achieve. 
He refused to believe that just cooking a meal would stump him. 
Today, he must make this meal. 
He wanted her to know that he always delivers on his promises. 
"Baby, please wait outside a bit longer." With a pan in his hand and a resolute look on his face, Ashton tossed it into the kitchen sink to clean it, "In half an hour, no, make it twenty minutes, I’ll have the steak fried up." 
"You can snack on something to tide you over, I’ll finish cooking as soon as possible." 
Joanna: "..." 
Seeing his tenacity and determination, she had no wishes to dampen his spirit. 
Despite this, she was genuinely worried he might set the kitchen on fire in a while. After putting some thought into it, she gently suggested to him: "Ashton Heath, why don’t we cook together."
###Chapter 922: Chapter 921: When have you ever let me worry less?
"It’s faster for two people to cook. You make a dish, and I’ll make a dish. Then we can taste each other’s cooking and see how it’s like." 
"Don’t you think it’s fun?" 
"Besides, I don’t think you’ve ever tasted my cooking. Although I can only make some simple home-cooked dishes, the taste isn’t too bad. If you don’t mind..." 
"How can I mind?" Ashton Heath immediately said, "Wife, the food you cook must be the best in the world. To be able to eat your cooking makes me the luckiest man in the world." 
The man’s words were as if they were coated with honey, making Joanna Lawrence’s heart feel sweet. 
She laughed and glared at him, "You’re exaggerating." 
Ashton Heath put on a serious face and said, "Not at all, I’m speaking from my heart. The food my wife makes is the most delicious in the world." 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh. She gently hit him on the chest, "Ashton Heath, how is it that you’re getting better and better at sweet talking? Did someone teach you?" 
"No one taught me." 
Ashton Heath slightly hooked his lips, wiped his big hands on the apron, and embraced her into his arms. He looked at her with a doting gaze, "Baby, when I see you, I learn by myself. If I have to say who taught me, then you are my teacher." 
His mouth spun such smooth and sweet words, making Joanna blush. 
She couldn’t help but smile, leaning against his chest and taking a breath, "Hmph, another sweet talk. I didn’t teach you to be so slick. Who knows, maybe it was some other woman who taught you." 
"Young lady of the Heath family, are you doubting me?" Ashton Heath softly chuckled, pinching her chin and lightly kissing her, whispering against her tender lips, "Apart from you, which other woman is by my side? Your husband has been completely devoured by you, and my whole heart has been given to you. What do you have to worry about?" 
"It’s you, you little thing, that always makes me worry. I’m not at ease with you at all." He said, frowning slightly as if complaining to her.
Joanna raised her head to look at him, "What have I done to make you worry?" 
The man’s deep black eyes stared at her, "How can you not make me worry? One David Benington was already giving me a headache, and now there’s Maddox Allenson. Plus, that Gary White guy, who clearly has ill intentions. When have you ever let me worry less?" 
Joanna: "..." 
This jealousy, bringing up old scores again. 
And why did he bring up Gary White again? 
Joanna, a little helpless, said, "I only treat Gary White as a big brother. And he only sees me as a little sister. Ashton, can you please not be jealous for no reason? There’s really nothing between Mr. White and me." 
Ashton Heath snorted lightly, "I believe you see him as a big brother, but that guy..." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Baby, how long have you known him? I’ve known him for six or seven years. I know more about him than you do. He has never casually acknowledged sisters, and he has never given special treatment to any actresses. Even if he doesn’t like you, he must have other ideas in mind." 
"I regret entrusting you to him now. If I had known he had such ulterior motives, I wouldn’t have let you participate in his TV series." 
Joanna: "..." 
"But I really believe that he only sees me as a little sister." Joanna fell silent for a moment, then said, "I can feel it, he doesn’t have any other intentions towards me."
###Chapter 923: Chapter 922: You promised me, you won’t be angry
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "Feeling?" 
"Mhm," Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Feeling. Anyway, I’m sure he has no other intentions towards me. It’s a feeling you wouldn’t understand, I trust my judgment." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Oh, right." Speaking of Gary White, Joanna suddenly remembered his birthday party and hesitated for a moment before cautiously saying, "In a few days, it’s Mr. White’s birthday. He invited me to his birthday party." 
"You’ll be there that night too, right?" 
Ashton Heath nodded, "Mhm, he invited me too." 
Gary White never used to have birthday parties. 
This year was his thirtieth birthday, so the occasion was somewhat different. 
So the White family proposed to hold a grand birthday party for him. 
Everyone with a bit of reputation in Closia was invited. 
People like Ashton Heath, who had connections with him, were of course on the guest list. 
Joanna hesitated for a few seconds and whispered, "Can I ask you something? But first, you have to promise me that you won’t be mad at me." 
Ashton Heath: "...Fine." 
After considering her words carefully, Joanna looked at him and slowly began, "That night, I may not be able to attend the party with you. We might have to pretend not to know each other. You know that my contract says I can’t be in a public relationship right now, so..." 
Before she finished, she could already feel the man’s mood sinking. 
She looked at him with a pitiful expression, her voice soft, "You promised me, you won’t be angry..." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Indeed, he had promised her, and he could understand her as well.
But he felt very stifled. 
Extremely stifled. 
She was his wife, and yet at the party, they would have to pretend not to know each other. 
This made him feel like her secret lover, 
Unable to see the light of day. 
"I’m sorry," Joanna knew her request was a bit excessive, "It’s the company’s requirement. I have no choice." 
"Husband, I can only inconvenience you." 
"I know you’re the best and won’t be angry with me. You can definitely understand me, right?" 
Joanna knew what kind of behavior Ashton Heath liked most from her. 
And she knew what words he liked to hear the most. 
After she hugged him and acted cute, she saw his face relax a bit. Compared to before, he was obviously not as angry. 
Seeing that her tactic worked, Joanna quickly continued to act cute, "Husband, don’t be angry anymore. It’s not like I will never go public with our relationship. It’s just that the circumstances are special right now. Can you cooperate with me, please?" 
"You’re the best, the best in the whole world. You’re the best husband." 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips. Although he still looked unmoved, a faint smile surfaced in his eyes. 
Joanna persisted by hugging his arm and calling him husband a couple more times. 
A moment later, she heard the man beside her sigh helplessly. But his tone was very affectionate, "Alright, stop buttering me up. I promise." 
* 
With Joanna’s help, it took almost an hour to prepare the meal. 
Ashton Heath really didn’t know how to cook. 
He truly had no talent in this area. 
The two pieces of steak were almost burnt to a crisp. 
In the end, with Joanna’s desperate rescue, the steaks were barely edible, but their appearance left much to be desired.
###Chapter 924: Chapter 923: Feed You First
"\"Baby, I’m hungry too.\" The man looked at her with deep eyes, speaking in a hoarse voice. 
Joanna sensed danger, \"I’m really hungry, my stomach is starving. Can we cook dinner first...\" 
She just wanted to appease him earlier but hadn’t considered how possessive he would become every time she called him \"honey.\" 
The man’s eyes were burning hot, and his breath became scorching. Even her chest, which he was leaning on, seemed to be getting hotter by the second. 
The arm wrapped around her waist emitted an iron-like heat. 
Joanna knew all too well what the man’s changes meant. 
Every time Ashton Heath looked at her like this, she’d spend the whole day unable to get out of bed. 
She was now afraid of his gaze. 
But this time, Ashton did not recklessly demand her; Joanna heard his deep breathing and saw the pained but restrained expression on his face. 
As he was struggling to hold back, his forehead oozed with tiny beads of sweat. 
Rolling down the side of his face. 
The look of desire on the man’s face, as he tried to force himself to be patient and restrained, was incredibly seductive to Joanna. 
Utterly captivating. 
Indescribably tempting. 
Especially when sweat rolled along his cheeks, slipping past his sharply angled, three-dimensional facial features, there was an entirely different kind of attraction. 
Joanna couldn’t help but swallow. 
It couldn’t be denied that her man - now her husband - was the top of the top-notch. 
She was often tempted by him. 
If it weren’t for how terrifyingly strong he was in that regard, and the horror of being tormented by him, Joanna wouldn’t mind sleeping with him, since he was already her husband. 
She had initially thought he couldn’t perform, 
and had gone out of her way to comfort him, afraid that he’d be insecure and feel inferior. 
However... 
He had only underperformed once. 
After that, every time... he would torment her until she cried. 
As a result, even now, when she might be dazzled by his beauty, she only dared to think about it in her heart and didn’t let him know. 
If he were to find out... 
She estimated she wouldn’t be able to get out of bed for three days and nights. 
\"Fine, we’ll eat first.\" Ashton hugged her tightly, his chest heaving several times. After taking a few deep breaths, he gradually suppressed the restlessness inside. Speaking, his voice was still terribly hoarse. 
After calming down, he released Joanna, but his deep, fiery gaze was still locked on her delicate, white face. In a husky voice, he said, \"Baby, let’s fill you up first.\" 
That sentence clearly had a hidden meaning, making Joanna’s face flush as she looked at him with a hint of fear, \"Ashton, I have to go to the hospital early tomorrow morning.\" 
\"So?\" Ashton raised an eyebrow. 
Joanna: \"...I need to get to bed early tonight.\" 
\"Yes, we should go to bed early.\" The man nodded, a glint of understanding flashing in his deep eyes, and he spoke considerately. 
Joanna thought he’d given up on the idea and immediately breathed a sigh of relief, \"You have to get up early tomorrow too, right? Let’s cook dinner quickly then, so we can eat and get some rest.\" 
Ashton lowered his gaze, hiding the calculating smile in his eyes, and nodded, \"Alright.\" 
* 
With Joanna’s help, the meal was finally ready after nearly an hour. 
Ashton Heath was genuinely clueless about cooking. 
"
###Chapter 925: Chapter 924: Some Things Cannot Be Compared
* 
With Joanna’s help, it took almost an hour for the dinner to be prepared. 
Ashton Heath really couldn’t cook. 
And he truly lacked talent in this area. 
The two pieces of steak almost got burned to a crisp again due to his mishandling. 
Finally, with Joanna’s effort to salvage the situation, the steaks were barely edible, but they looked particularly unpalatable. 
* 
It took almost an hour for the dinner to be prepared with Joanna’s help. 
Ashton Heath really couldn’t cook. 
He truly lacked talent in this area. 
The two pieces of steak almost got burned to a crisp again due to his mishandling. 
Finally, with Joanna’s effort to salvage the situation, the steaks were barely edible, but they looked particularly unpalatable. 
The Barbecue Pork Ribs were almost cooked twice, with Joanna’s various efforts to salvage them the second time, making them barely edible. 
By the time dinner was ready, Joanna was genuinely hungry enough that her stomach was growling. 
In the end, four dishes and a soup were prepared. 
One Barbecue Pork Ribs, two steaks, and two other dishes were completed solely by Joanna. 
Ashton Heath came out of the kitchen feeling rather defeated. 
No matter how reluctant he was to admit it, he had to face the fact that he truly lacked talent in the culinary field. 
The seemingly simple dishes he made didn’t turn out well at all. 
Even if he followed the recipe step by step, the appearance and taste of the dishes were still far from satisfactory. 
Just now, he almost set the kitchen on fire. 
Having such an unfavorable start in front of Joanna was rather humiliating for him. 
After all, at the time, he claimed that it was a simple task. 
He hadn’t expected to be proved wrong so quickly. 
He originally wanted to impress his wife, but instead, he ended up making a fool of himself in front of her. 
Ashton Heath walked out of the kitchen in silence, then walked quietly to the dining room and sat down. 
He glanced at the burnt ribs and steak on the table and saw Joanna reaching out with a fork for the ribs. Hesitating, he grabbed her hand: "Don’t eat that, it’s burnt. It can’t taste good and it’s not healthy. I’ll just throw it away." 
"Don’t." Joanna swatted away his hand and picked up the ribs with her fork, "It’s edible. Why waste it? That’s too wasteful." 
Ashton Heath frowned, "But it’s burnt." 
"It’s not that burnt," Joanna glanced at the charred lump in her bowl, then lied through her teeth, "It just looks bad, but when I tasted it earlier, it wasn’t too bad." 
After all, it was the first meal Ashton Heath had ever cooked for her. 
A pampered young master like him, who had never lifted a finger to do any housework, was willing to cook for her, and regardless of the outcome, his intention was very precious. 
She treasured this intention deeply. 
Thinking back on her relationship with David Benington, they’d known each other for so long and had been dating for two whole years, people around her always said David was good to her, but in the end, David had never cooked for her once. 
Some things should not be compared.
Upon comparison, she realized that the man she thought loved her deeply didn’t actually love her that much. 
In the end, David’s affair with Annie Lawrence just proved this point. 
If a man truly loves you and has you in his heart, how could he be seduced by another woman? 
Thinking of David, Joanna involuntarily frowned, and her eyes couldn’t help but reveal a trace of disgust. 
The more she despised David, the more she felt that a man like Ashton Heath was truly precious. 
It also strengthened her determination to stay with him forever. 
She would always stay by his side, no matter what happens, she would never leave him.
###Chapter 926: Chapter 925: In this life, I belong to you
As for those external obstacles, she would treat them as bumps on the road of their love, and she would try to overcome them. 
He had given her so much. 
She couldn’t just blindly enjoy and accept his kindness without giving anything back to him. 
That would be too unfair to him. 
With these thoughts, Joanna Lawrence suddenly put down her fork and gently grabbed Ashton Heath’s hand in his surprised expression: "Ashton Heath, I will follow you well from now on. You said that we will always be together, right?" 
Ashton Heath was taken aback, but quickly grasped her hand back: "Yes, I said that. Baby, what’s going on?" 
He felt that Joanna was acting a bit unusual at this moment. 
Joanna smiled at him: "Nothing, I just feel that you are so good to me, and I must not let you down." 
Ashton Heath’s deep black eyes gazed at her thoughtfully for a moment, and his other hand gently touched her head, fondling her hair: "What’s got you feeling so emotional all of a sudden? Is it because I cooked this meal for you and you’re touched?" 
"Yes." Joanna interlaced her fingers with his, with a sweet smile on her lips, and looked up at him, "I’m touched. I suddenly feel like I must have done some good deed in my last life to have such a great husband." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes deepened with surprise. 
He looked at her intently, and after a moment, his big hand gently stroked her hair again as a faint smile appeared in his eyes: "Baby, tell me, have I made you happy?" 
Joanna nodded. 
At this moment, she felt so happy. 
"Really?" Ashton Heath’s eyes were tender, like the moonlight spilling onto the windowsill on a summer night, his voice soft and gentle, "Following me, do you really feel happy? Were those words just now, truly from your heart?" 
Joanna nodded again, heavily: "Yes, from my heart. Ashton Heath, from now on, we will always be together, right?" 
Thinking about the conversation with Lady Octavia, Joanna’s brow wrinkled slightly. 
That conversation had ended in discord. 
Since Lady Octavia thought about divorcing her and Ashton Heath, she wouldn’t give up easily. 
If that negotiation failed this time, she would not stop trying.
Joanna could strengthen her resolve, and Ashton wasn’t a momma’s boy, not to mention Madam Heath who she could rely on, so she wasn’t too afraid of Lady Octavia’s meddling. 
What she was worried about was that if Lady Octavia couldn’t move her, she would go for the people around her. 
Things like this were not impossible if pushed too far. 
Thinking about this, Joanna hesitated whether to tell Ashton Heath or not. 
"Of course, we will." Ashton Heath didn’t know what she was thinking and mistook her worries for fearing separation. He tightened his grip on her hand, held it to his lips, and gently kissed the back of her hand. 
The man’s voice was utterly gentle: "You’ve already married me; in this life, you’re my woman. You have to stay by my side, and you can only stay by my side." 
"What about you?" His possessive words were full of desire, but it made Joanna feel extremely sweet. She smiled and said, "In this life, I am your woman, but are you also only going to be my man for this life?" 
"Can you only stay by my side?" 
"Yes." Ashton Heath held her hand like a devoted knight, placing another kiss on the back of her hand, "My wife, in this life, I am all yours."
###Chapter 927: Chapter 926: Did Someone Tell You Something?
That "dear wife" was said with extreme affection, and it was very alluring. 
Joanna’s little heart couldn’t help but tremble violently again. 
"Baby, do you know? I’m really happy that you said these things to me today." Ashton Heath kissed the back of her hand, raised his head, and whispered tenderly and indulgently, "For me, being able to make you happy is something I’ve been striving for. If I make you feel happy, that means I’m successful, right?" 
"This is the most fulfilling thing I have ever done in my life. Maybe I’m not doing well enough now, but in the future, I will continue to work hard, give you more happiness, and make sure you never regret marrying me." 
The joy on his face was completely undisguised. 
It was revealed in the corners of his eyes and eyebrows. 
Joanna could see that he was genuinely happy. 
He looked like a child who had just been affirmed, with his eyes and face full of happiness. 
He said this was the most fulfilling thing for him. 
He also said that he is not doing well enough now, and he will work harder in the future. 
But in her view, he was already good enough. 
He was too good, so good that she began to fear the possibility of loss. 
She began to worry that one day, they might be separated for some reason. 
She worried that there might come a day when he would be tired and not be so good to her. 
She also worried about... many, many other issues. 
Once she began to care, she also began fearing the possibility of loss. 
She began to be afraid of losing. 
These emotions, she had never had before. 
"Ashton, no matter what happens, will you ever leave me?" Joanna stared at him for a moment and asked softly. 
Without any hesitation, the man nodded: "I will never leave you." 
"What if..." Joanna thought about Lady Octavia’s matter and hesitated to say it out loud. 
"What if what?" 
"What if someone doesn’t like us being together and opposes us being together, what should we do?" 
"Hmm? What does it have to do with us whether someone else likes us being together or not? Besides, who has the right to oppose our matters? Baby, no one has the right to intervene and oppose the choices I make." 
After Ashton finished speaking, he looked thoughtful for a moment and glanced at her: "Baby, why are you suddenly asking this? Did someone say something to you?" 
"No, I’m just asking casually." Joanna eventually decided not to tell him about Lady Octavia’s matter for now. He and Lady Octavia had already had a conflict once, and if she told him about this, it might cause another conflict between the mother and son. 
This was not what she wanted to see. 
Nothing else happened after Lady Octavia spoke with her last time. 
She decided to observe the situation for a while. 
If Lady Octavia were to cause more trouble, she would then decide whether to tell Ashton or not. 
Ashton took a deep look at her, not believing that she was just asking casually. 
He half-closed his eyes and thought for a moment, and although he still had doubts, he didn’t continue to ask. 
If she didn’t want to say it, he wouldn’t get anything even if he continued to ask. 
"Let’s eat first." Joanna avoided his inquisitive gaze and placed a piece of chicken in his bowl, and changed the subject, "This dish is my specialty, but I haven’t made it for a long time. Try it and see how it tastes?"
###Chapter 928: Chapter 927: So this is how wonderful it feels to have a home
"Mm-hmm." Ashton Heath didn’t continue the previous topic, picking up his fork and taking a piece of chicken Joanna Lawrence had put in his bowl. 
"How is it?" Joanna looked at him expectantly, "Is the chicken too tough? Is it flavorful enough?" 
Joanna had some confidence in her culinary skills. 
Although her cooking was certainly not comparable to a top chef, it was still above average. 
Especially this Spicy Peanut Chicken Stir-fry, which was one of her signature dishes. 
She had cooked it for David Benington twice before, and he had praised it highly both times. 
Ashton Heath chewed carefully, and after swallowing the food in his mouth, he turned to her and said, "It’s delicious." 
"Really?" Joanna’s face broke into a happy smile, "You’re not lying to me, are you? If it doesn’t taste good, you can tell me directly. I’m not afraid of being criticized." 
"I’m not lying to you." Ashton Heath said earnestly, "It’s very delicious. It’s the best dish I’ve ever had since I was a child." 
Joanna: "..." 
Even if he was trying to please her, that was a bit exaggerated. 
She knew her skill level well. 
He had grown up eating food prepared by professional chefs, his taste buds must be incredibly particular. 
Her simple home-cooked side dishes probably wouldn’t even catch his eye. 
"Really." Ashton Heath, as if afraid that she wouldn’t believe him, emphasized again earnestly, "I really think this is the best dish I’ve ever had, the taste is very unique and different from any other dish." 
"Very unique?" Joanna Lawrence propped her chin with one hand, blinking curiously, "How is it unique?" 
"I can’t describe it." Ashton Heath hooked his lips, gently saying, "Maybe it’s the taste of home, so it’s very different. Baby, this is the meal you cooked for me personally, I will definitely eat it all." 
Yes, it was the taste of home. 
So, the taste was one of a kind. 
No one else could replicate it. 
At this moment, Ashton Heath looked at the person sitting next to him, then at the food on the table, and felt an unprecedented sense of happiness and satisfaction. 
So this is what having a home felt like, so wonderful. 
* 
Ashton Heath was very considerate during this meal. 
He almost finished the two dishes Joanna had cooked. 
As for the steak and ribs he had cooked, Joanna only tasted them before he forcibly threw them into the garbage bin. 
In his words, he was worried that it would upset her stomach. 
After dinner, Joanna was shooed by him to watch TV in the living room. 
She wanted to help clean up the table and pick up the dishes, but he refused. 
Joanna Lawrence leaned lazily on the living room sofa, propping up her body and watching the man busying himself between the dining area and the kitchen. Her happiness bursting at the seams, she couldn’t help but take out her phone and snap a picture of him cleaning up leftovers on the table. 
After taking the photo, she photoshopped it a bit, holding his picture and sending a tweet on Twitter Moments. 
She sent it to some groups, some could see it, and some couldn’t. 
Those who could see it were the ones who knew she and Ashton Heath were together. 
Just after posting the update, she received a like and a comment from Linda. 
Linda’s comment: I’ll be the first to enjoy this puppy love. 
Seeing that her agent had commented, Joanna immediately replied: Linda, have you had dinner yet? 
Linda: Mm-hm, just finished. Are you free now, can you take a call?
###Chapter 929: Chapter 928: You Should Stop Running to the Hospital
As soon as Joanna saw Linda’s question, she knew Linda wanted something from her. 
Joanna logged out of Twitter and called Linda back. 
"Linda, is there anything you need from me?" Joanna immediately asked after Linda picked up. 
"Yes, I have learned about the incident where Lisha brought sulfuric acid to the film crew. How is Maddox now? Are his burns very severe?" 
Joanna had guessed Linda would ask about this, so she told Linda everything about Maddox’s situation. 
After listening, Linda breathed a sigh of relief, "Thank goodness it’s not too serious. He should recover. Otherwise..." 
She paused for a few seconds, her tone different from before, "Previously, I assumed that the rumors about you and Maddox were just speculated. But seems like he does have certain feelings for you." 
"Joanna, what do you think about this?" 
"What do I think?" Joanna was puzzled by Linda’s question. "I don’t really have any thoughts. Linda, you know I have a boyfriend and our relationship is very good." 
"Yes, I am aware." Linda took another pause before speaking, "Since you don’t have any feelings for Maddox, you should just maintain a distance from him. I think you are aware of the consequences of getting too close to him." 
More so, it was because of you he got hurt. If his fans don’t know about it yet, once they do, you will be severely attacked. I heard that you spent quite a lot of time with him at the hospital today?" 
"Yes." Joanna didn’t hide anything, "Linda, I know everything you’re telling me. But since he got injured because of me, I can’t just sit back and do nothing. Taking care of him at the hospital is what I should do." 
"I’m not saying you shouldn’t. It’s just that there are a lot of people coming and going at the hospital. What if you get caught on camera? His burn wound can’t heal instantly, you can’t possibly show up at the hospital every day, can you?" 
"Now, his injuries mean he is probably going to be replaced as the male lead. It can be kept a secret for a while, but not forever. Once his fans find out, there will definitely be a commotion. Joanna, I suggest that you take this opportunity to maintain a distance from him. There are other ways for you to thank him and repay his kindness." 
"Moreover, since he has feelings for you, showing up at the hospital every day might give him the wrong idea. Listen to me, have someone tend to him at the hospital daily. If you feel guilty, you can call him to check up on him." 
"But please, avoid going to the hospital yourself." 
Joanna was silent for a long time. 
She knew what Linda was worried about. 
She had considered all of the things that Linda had taken into account. 
She also knew that it would take more than one or two days for Maddox’s burns to heal. 
The recovery of the wounds would probably be a long process. 
During this time, he would have to cancel many work commitments. 
Because of the extent of his fame, his work schedule was already booked up until years in advance. 
But just because he had helped her, it would impact a lot of his work. 
The silence during his peak period would undoubtedly have a significant impact on his career. 
She felt even more guilty and uneasy. 
Because, she suddenly realized, Maddox blocking that attack for her didn’t just cause him physical injury. 
It also had a significant impact on his career.
###Chapter 930: Chapter 929: You Still Have a Rich and Powerful Husband
She owed him much more than she ever imagined... 
It seemed like no matter how she tried to repay him, it would never be enough. 
* 
Ashton Heath finished tidying up and came out of the kitchen. 
He noticed Joanna Lawrence lost in thought with her phone on the sofa; her face filled with worry. He quickly strode over and sat down beside her, pulling her into his embrace. 
"What are you thinking about?" He glanced down at her phone. "Did someone call you just now?" 
Joanna looked up at him with a confused gaze. "Yes, Linda called me." 
"Your agent? What did she call you for?" 
"She told me some things about Maddox Allenson." 
"That guy with the last name Maddox?" Ashton’s brow furrowed when he heard his rival’s name, and his tone was not very pleasant. "What does it have to do with him?" 
"Linda told me not to go to the hospital to see him, or else it would bring trouble." Joanna was troubled, and she needed someone to confide in and help her analyze the situation, so she told Ashton everything Linda had said. 
Ashton listened to her words, then after a few seconds of silence, he rubbed her head and said, "I think your agent has a point; there’s really no need to visit him at the hospital every day. That guy has bad intentions towards you, but I bet he’s hoping you’d take care of him every day. You’re doing this out of gratitude, but he doesn’t see it that way." 
"But I feel like I owe him so much." Joanna furrowed her brows. "He got injured because of me, which affected his work. Linda said that his position as Male Lead 1 is going to be replaced, and I really feel sorry for him." 
"You don’t know that someone as popular as him disappearing from the public eye like this can have a huge impact. Plus, he might not be able to shoot some advertisements until his hand heals." 
"I can’t make up for his losses."
"So you’re feeling guilty and sorry for him?" 
Joanna bit her lip and nodded slightly. "Yes." 
"Then let me help you make it up to him." Ashton said lightly, "When he’s recovered, I’ll give him an even better Male Lead 1 role. As for the financial losses he suffered due to his injury, I’ll compensate him double." 
"If he wants any resources in the future and I have them, I’ll give them to him. I’ll make sure his career won’t be affected by this injury, and I’ll even make him more popular." 
"Wouldn’t that put your heart at ease?" 
Joanna looked up in surprise. "You..." 
"Baby, don’t forget that you have a wealthy and powerful husband." Ashton curled his lips, "Didn’t I tell you that if there’s something you can’t solve, let your husband help you solve it? Although I really don’t like that guy and disapprove of him, I’m grateful that he blocked the sulfuric acid for you." 
"Don’t worry, I’ll compensate him properly." 
To him, these were all trivial matters. 
They were not worth her worrying about. 
When he thought about her worrying for that little Maddox brat, he felt annoyed. 
Apart from him, she couldn’t think about other men in her heart. 
Especially that little Maddox brat. 
The fact that he had bad intentions towards her irritated Ashton. 
If it weren’t for him helping her out this time by blocking the sulfuric acid, Ashton would have already been thinking of dealing with him. 
"Are you really going to help him?" Joanna finally felt a bit better in her heart.
###Chapter 931: Chapter 930: Ashton Heath, Thank You
"Of course." Ashton Heath sighed gently while holding her, "No matter how much I dislike that kid, he did you a favor. Besides, if you keep owing him, you will constantly think about him. I do not wish to have my wife obsessing over another man." 
"In any case, do not worry about this matter anymore. I assure you, his work will not be affected. Do you feel a bit better now?" 
"Hmm." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded with a smile on her face. 
To Joanna, Maddox Allenson’s injury has already filled her with guilt. 
If this incident affects his career prospects, Joanna honestly feels that she might carry this guilt for the rest of her life. 
It wouldn’t be wrong to say that Ashton Heath’s promises and guarantees lessened her guilt quite a bit. 
This relieved her mind significantly. 
She knew that he was capable of such. 
If he personally guarantees something, he will definitely get it done. 
That’s Ashton Heath for you. 
The youngest-ever CEO in the history of Heath Group. 
A man who has control over the entire economy of Australand. 
His promises are never empty words. 
Joanna gazed at him, his handsome, profound face, and couldn’t suppress the sweetness and warmth welling up inside her. Hesitating, she moved closer and gave him a quick kiss, "Ashton Heath, thank you." 
Thinking about it, ever since marrying him, her life has become very smooth. 
Because even when things go sideways, he quickly helps her resolve them. 
She used to handle every issue alone. 
She didn’t know what it was like to rely upon somebody. 
But now, she has a home, a husband, someone she can lean on. 
She no longer has to shoulder everything alone. 
No matter what happens now, she knows that she won’t face it alone anymore. This man who has become her husband will help her deal with everything. 
She is incredibly fortunate to have met Ashton Heath. 
This man is simply incredible. 
Perhaps God has favored her so much, thus he sent such a wonderful man to her side. 
This man, she will surely cherish him.
Apparently, he wasn’t quite satisfied with her light, fleeting kiss. As soon as she drew back, he pulled her close again. 
He held the back of her head, lowered his handsome face, lightly touched the corner of her lips, and said in a low voice, "Do you think a simple thank you is enough to dismiss me, hmm?" 
Joanna blinked, gulping down: "Then what do you want?" 
Ashton Heath seemingly pondered a while, then murmured, "At least, let me hear you call me ’husband’." 
"Baby, I want to hear you call me husband." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"This isn’t a difficult request for you, is it? Can I hear you call me husband?" 
Gazing at the handsome face of the man before her, Joanna felt her cheeks heating up. She hesitated for a moment, biting her lower lip and whispered, "Husband." 
The light in Ashton’s eyes narrowed: "Say it again." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Good girl, say it once more." 
Remembering his kind actions today, Joanna willingly complied, blinking her moist, dark eyes, she obediently called out again, "Husband." 
Her voice was inherently soft and sweet. 
Her usual light and sweet tone When saying ’husband’ was especially gentle and sweet, as though it was coated with honey, sweetening one’s heart. 
Ashton Heath’s heart was softened by that utterance of the word ’husband’."
###Chapter 932: Chapter 931: Go to Sleep After Exercise
The warm and moist touch of the man’s lips enveloped her, making Joanna shiver involuntarily. She opened her mouth, her voice trembling: "What...what do you want as a reward?" 
"Hmm, let me think..." 
Ashton Heath gently rubbed his lips against hers, kissing the corner of her mouth and lightly biting down. 
It was as if he considered her lips to be some kind of delicious food, and after tasting them back and forth several times, he spoke in a hoarse, low voice: "I want you, is that okay?" 
Joanna was already dizzy from his kisses, and it wasn’t until she felt his hand intruding inside the collar of her clothes that she suddenly snapped back to her senses. 
She held him down: "No...no, Ashton...It’s not okay..." 
"Call me husband." 
With a domineering grip, he held her small hand, bent down and kissed her again: "Why not? I’ve calculated the time; your period hasn’t come this month yet." 
Joanna: "..." 
He actually remembered the timing of her period? 
She hadn’t even been paying much attention to it herself. 
Thinking that this man had been keeping track of her period just so he could have sex with her made Joanna feel strangely. 
Wasn’t he supposed to be an austere heartthrob? 
Wasn’t he supposed to be puritanical? 
This man, who thought about sex with her every day, where was his abstinence? 
Every time he acted as if he wanted to completely devour her, like a hungry wolf, having nothing to do with abstinence. 
"But I want to rest early tonight..." Joanna thought about his frightening stamina and started shivering in his arms. 
"Just once." The man kissed her, his voice husky and sexy to the extreme, seductively whispering, "It’s still early, and there’s time. It’s the most suitable to exercise and then sleep." 
Joanna: "..." 
Suitable, my ass! 
Every time he said it would only be once. 
But when has he ever kept his promise? 
He’s a liar. 
She wouldn’t be as na?ve as before, believing his words. 
"Husband, I don’t feel well today. I want to sleep early. Can we do it another day...?" She tugged at his arm, softening her voice and pleading in a delicate manner. 
She thought it would make him relent, but to him, her appearance was like inviting a crime. 
As soon as she called him husband, Ashton couldn’t take it anymore. 
Heat burned in his eyes as he flipped her beneath him, his scorching kisses falling one after another on her cheeks: "Baby, moderate exercise helps sleep. Just once, I promise only once today." 
* 
In the end, Joanna’s protests were useless, and she was devoured by the man. 
Fortunately, Ashton kept his word this time. He said it would only be once, and he only took her once. 
But that one time lasted very long... 
And it was still full of variety. 
Even though it was just once, Joanna felt weak and exhausted afterward, and Ashton had to carry her to the shower. 
It wasn’t the first time he had carried her to the shower, so there was no shyness left in her. 
Besides, during the showering process, she was so sleepy that she could not keep her eyes open and fell asleep before he even finished washing. 
She slept straight through to the next day. 
When she opened her eyes, Ashton was no longer by her side. 
Joanna rubbed her eyes and got out of bed. She took out her phone to call Ashton just as she heard the sound of the door opening from outside.
###Chapter 933: Chapter 932: It Must Be Intentional
* 
The next day. 
When Joanna Lawrence opened her eyes, Ashton Heath was no longer by her side. 
She rubbed her eyes and got out of bed, took out her phone to call Ashton Heath, but then she heard the sound of the door opening outside. 
She got out of bed, walked out of the bedroom and into the living room, and saw Ashton Heath walking in from outside with two bags in his hands. 
Seeing her, he hooked the corner of his lips and walked quickly towards her. 
After he put the things in his hands on the nearby shelf, he reached out and pulled her into his arms, lowered his head and kissed her: "When did you wake up? Are you hungry? I bought breakfast. Have you washed up yet? If not, go wash up and we’ll have breakfast together." 
As Ashton lowered his head to kiss her, Joanna put her hand up to block him: "No, I haven’t washed my mouth yet..." 
"I don’t mind." Ashton Heath pulled her hand away and kissed her lips again, laughing softly, "My baby is always sweet and delicious." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Did you go out just to buy breakfast?" She glanced at the bags he had placed on the shelf. 
"I also went to work out a bit. There’s a gym here, and if you want to go work out, I can take you there." Ashton Heath rubbed her head, his eyes falling on the obvious love bites on her neck, and the corners of his lips curled up in satisfaction. 
These love bites were deliberately made by him last night. 
They could be seen at a glance. 
"Uh, never mind." Joanna Lawrence was a lazy person, and luckily for her, she had a high metabolism, so she never gained weight. Even without strict control of her figure, she never gained weight. 
So she never had to be as strict on her diet as other female celebrities. 
To her, if she had to strictly control what she wanted to eat and had to abstain from eating when she craved it, what would be the fun of life? 
The things she pursued in life were just a few. 
Among them, food was one of her main pursuits. 
Thankfully, Linda didn’t have any strict requirements for her in terms of diet, so there was no strict list of what she could and couldn’t eat. 
Joanna Lawrence was quite satisfied with this aspect. 
Of course, she wasn’t a person without self-control either. She didn’t want to be restrained too much in her diet because she knew she couldn’t gain weight. If she had the type of body that gained weight easily, she certainly couldn’t be as carefree as she was now. 
Ashton Heath just mentioned it casually, and seeing her disinterest, he didn’t bring it up again. 
"I’ll go wash up." Joanna Lawrence let go, her nose twitching as she smelled the scent of seafood, and suddenly felt a bit hungry. 
"Mm, go ahead." Ashton Heath rubbed her head, "I’ll get the breakfast ready and you come out when you’re done." 
"Alright." 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence went to wash up in the bathroom, she saw the love bites on her neck in the mirror. 
She stood in front of the mirror for a while, chuckling and sighing helplessly. 
This man... 
He must have done it on purpose. 
Last night, the two of them had agreed to go to the hospital together today to visit Maddox Allenson. 
Joanna Lawrence had also thought that Maddox wouldn’t be able to leave the hospital for a while, and if she went to see him every day, she might be photographed by someone. 
At that time, if there was any scandal between her and Maddox, his fans would surely be unhappy.
Moreover, since Gary White had already greeted the shooting scene beforehand, the news of Maddox Allenson’s injury hadn’t spread yet.
###Chapter 934: Chapter 933: This man, Ashton Heath, is such a spendthrift
Going to the hospital every day would easily expose this matter. 
As Linda said, once Maddox Allenson’s fans found out that he was injured because of her, she would probably be attacked by those fans. 
The most important thing is that she doesn’t want to give Maddox Allenson any hope. 
After realizing that Maddox Allenson had feelings for her, she thought she should keep her distance from him. 
But after all, he got injured because of her, and keeping her distance now seems a bit ungrateful. 
However, since he has feelings for her, going to the hospital to take care of him every day could easily give him the wrong idea. 
So letting Ashton Heath go to the hospital with her is undoubtedly the best approach. 
And that man, Ashton Heath, knowing that they were going to the hospital today, deliberately left so many love bites on her neck. Such behavior was incredibly childish. 
But it wasn’t the first day that Joanna Lawrence knew he could be childish at times. 
So by now, she’s used to it. 
Whenever Ashton Heath becomes childish, it is 100 percent certain that he is jealous. 
After Joanna Lawrence finished washing up, she went straight to the dining room. 
Ashton Heath had already taken out breakfast, a table full of it, and many were Joanna Lawrence’s favorites. 
"Come here." He saw her and waved. 
After Joanna Lawrence sat down, he placed a bowl of Oceanic Rice Stew in front of her: "Eat some stew first to warm up your stomach. Then have something else." 
"Okay." 
Joanna Lawrence was hungry, looking at the steaming, colorful stew in the bowl, and scooped up a spoonful. 
After only one taste, her appetite was ignited. 
The Oceanic Rice Stew that Ashton Heath brought back was particularly delicious, and she could tell that it was made from fresh seafood, making it incredibly tasty. 
He is such a picky person. 
If it weren’t the freshest, he definitely wouldn’t want it. 
Joanna Lawrence finished half a bowl in one go. 
Seeing her eating the stew, Ashton Heath added some other dishes to her bowl: "Don’t just eat the stew, try this quiche; it’s also quite good. And these Small Steamed Buns, I heard it’s from a fifty-year-old store. When I went to buy it, there were so many people in line." 
Joanna couldn’t help but look at him: "You lined up to buy these steamed buns? How long did you wait?" 
It was hard for her to imagine Ashton Heath standing in line at a steamed bun shop. 
It always seemed like it didn’t match his style. 
"No." The man put a steamed bun in her bowl, took a leisurely sip of milk from the table, and then said unhurriedly, "I cut in line and asked the boss to sell it to me first." 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Cough, cough, you cut in line? Didn’t anyone say anything to you?" 
"No." Ashton Heath took another sip of milk and said leisurely, "I compensated them, and everyone was happy to let me be first in line." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"So, how much did you spend on these steamed buns?" 
"Not much." Ashton Heath said lightly, "Don’t worry about how much the buns cost, just try them and see how they taste." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She felt that this must be an expensive meal of steamed buns. 
Ashton Heath, this man, was too extravagant. 
Fortunately, he had money, so he could be capricious. 
Considering that he went out of his way to buy breakfast, Joanna Lawrence graciously took a bite right away.
###Chapter 935: Chapter 934: Are you crazy?
As expected of a well-renowned restaurant, the food was indeed delicious. 
"How is it? Is it good?" Ashton Heath asked her. 
She swallowed the food in her mouth and nodded, "Yes, it’s very good." 
"If you like it, I can buy it for you again tomorrow morning." 
Joanna Lawrence could tell from what he said that he didn’t plan to leave Frankfurt for the time being: "Are you really going to stay here? There’s no issue with your work over there?" 
Of course, she was happy that he was staying in Frankfurt. 
The two were now in the honeymoon phase of their relationship, and even though she wasn’t the clingy type, she still wished to spend more time together with him. 
However, she didn’t want to be the reason that his work got held up. 
Ashton Heath answered her question with a chuckle and raised his eyebrows: "Don’t you want me to stay?" 
"No, it’s not like that." 
"So you do want me to stay?" 
"...Yes." 
"Isn’t it better for me to stay and accompany you then?" 
"But really, wouldn’t that delay your work?" She blinked, "Although I really want you to stay, if it’s going to affect your work, you should go back." 
He had just taken charge of Heath Group not long ago. 
Many matters required his personal attention. 
"Baby, you’re more important than work." The man with deep eyes looked at her and said softly, "Since you want me to stay, I’ll stay. As for my work, you don’t need to worry about it. I’ve made all the arrangements, so there won’t be any impact." 
"Alright." Hearing him say this, Joanna Lawrence was relieved. 
* 
After breakfast, the two went to the hospital together. 
When they reached Maddox Allenson’s hospital room, Joanna Lawrence heard an argument coming from behind the partly open door. Listening more closely, it sounded like Maddox and his agent were arguing about something. 
Maddox’s voice was a bit cold: "I know what to do with my own life. Mike, you’re just my agent. We’re business partners in public and friends in private, but sometimes you’re overstepping your boundaries." 
"I’m overstepping? If you didn’t cause me so much worry, do you think I’d want to make a fuss about you? I know you don’t like me being nosy, but what did I tell you before? If you listened to me, you wouldn’t be lying here now." 
"Maddox, wake up. Do you know how much we lost because of this incident? The VK Advertising Endorsement was obtained after many negotiations with the partners. Do you know how many people were competing for this endorsement? They were all first-line popular celebrities with qualifications no less than yours." 
"Now, this hard-won endorsement might fail because of your injury." 
"To recover from this injury, it will take at least a year and a half. Do you think they’ll wait for you that long?"
After a moment of silence, Maddox spoke again: "If they can’t wait, then we’ll just terminate the contract." 
"Terminate?" Mike’s volume suddenly rose, "Are you crazy? Do you know how much the termination fee will be if we initiate it?" 
"Even if we don’t initiate it, they will. Like you said, I can’t shoot ads now, they won’t wait for me all this time." 
"You’re saying it so lightly." Mike was so angry that his voice trembled, "In addition to the VK endorsement, you can’t shoot ads for your other endorsements either, and there will be termination of contracts. The termination fees alone will be astronomical." 
"I’m afraid all the money you’ve made in the past few years will go towards paying termination fees."
###Chapter 936: Chapter 935: This is my boyfriend, his name is Ashton Heath.
"Maddox Allenson, Maddox Allenson, why didn’t you think things through before doing them, why did you have to be so impulsive? Now you’ve gotten yourself into such a terrible mess, how do you expect me to clean it up for you?" 
"Even the termination of the contract, you can afford it. At worst, it’s a wasted few years. But do you know what your silence means now? Don’t even talk about a year or two, even if you keep quiet for a month, people will soon forget about you." 
"A year later, you’ll be waiting to starve." 
"I think Joanna Lawrence is your nemesis. Your luck has always been good these years, but such bad luck strikes when you meet her. This kind of woman, you should stay away from her." 
"She’s just fine, obviously people went after her, but now she has no problem at all. You’ve been injured and lost so much because of her, but you don’t see her showing much gratitude. Hah, your kind of sacrifice can only move you, do you think she’ll remember your kindness?" 
"Mike!" 
"Did I say anything wrong? You’re just a fool! What can you get in return for your one-sided devotion? I can’t even see a fart." 
"For the sake of a woman, you’ve messed up your career prospects. All the hard work I’ve put into getting you to where you are now has been wasted! If I had known you would not cherish everything you have now, I would not have wasted so much time and effort on you." 
"You really piss me off!" 
Outside the hospital room. 
Ashton Heath listened to the conversation between the two people inside, his face darkened and his expression became somewhat cold. 
He hugged Joanna Lawrence’s waist and directly pushed open the door. 
Inside the room. 
The two people talking both paused. 
Mike turned his head, about to angrily ask who was so impolite to enter without knocking, but as the words were on the tip of his tongue, he hesitated when he saw Ashton Heath with a blank expression entering the room, then swallowed the words back down. 
His angry expression turned into surprise. 
He had met Ashton Heath just once. 
That was at the hotel. 
However, his impression of Ashton Heath was very deep. 
At the moment his gaze fell on Ashton’s face, he immediately recognized him. 
The man’s unique, powerful aura, once seen, cannot be forgotten. 
When he saw Joanna Lawrence entering with Ashton Heath, his face stiffened, and realizing that what he had said earlier might have been overheard by them, his expression changed several times within a short period. 
On the hospital bed. 
Maddox Allenson’s face also stiffened when he saw the two people who came in together, but soon his face returned to normal. 
"Good morning, Ms. Joanna," he greeted politely and courteously, pretending like it was his first time seeing Ashton Heath, and asked curiously, "I don’t know how to address this gentleman next to you?" 
"Good morning, Mr. Allenson," Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment and introduced with a smile, "This is my boyfriend, his last name is Heath. Knowing that you were injured because of me, he insisted on coming with me to personally thank you." 
"Heath?" 
Maddox Allenson looked at Ashton Heath’s profound and handsome face and naturally born noble aura, his face suddenly changed. 
Thinking of a certain possibility, a trace of shock flashed in his eyes. 
When he looked at Ashton Heath again, his eyes were full of inquiry and tentatively asked, "May I ask if Mr. Ashton has any relation to Heath Group?"
###Chapter 937: Chapter 936: He Doesn’t Stand a Chance
Ashton Heath saw the probing look in his eyes right away. 
He looked at the young rival before him, who was several years younger and appeared like a child in his eyes, curled his lips in a smile and said openly, "Yes, there is some connection. I work at Heath Group." 
Maddox Allenson was taken aback, and his gaze on Ashton became more intense, laden with deep meaning, he asked, "Mr. Ashton shares the same surname as the Heath Group and works there. I wonder if Mr. Ashton has any connections with the Heath family?" 
"Kind of," answered Ashton Heath indifferently. 
Maddox’s eyes briefly flickered, wanting to ask more, but realizing that the situation was not appropriate to dig deeper. 
Ashton did not elaborate on his relationship with the Heath family. 
Since he did not explain, it must be that he did not want others to know his real identity. 
In such a situation, continuing to inquire would only expose his lack of discernment. 
However, even without details, Maddox was able to guess some things.
No matter what his real identity was, since he admitted to being part of the Heath family, his social status must be extraordinary. 
Sharing the same surname and being part of the Heath family, 
he must be closely related to the prominent Heath family in Closia. 
Even if his family background was not as illustrious as the Heaths, his family would still be a prestigious family, unattainable by ordinary people. 
No wonder he felt different from ordinary people the first time he met this man. 
That confident and powerful aura was not something even many noble children from wealthy families possessed. 
But if he was part of the Heath family, it would make sense. 
The Heath family, with their Centennial Aristocracy status, even side relatives would have a demeanor, manner and grace that others could not compare with. 
No wonder Lisha Alcock’s scandals could never be suppressed. 
With the Heaths involved, who could suppress the scandals? 
And who would dare to oppose them? 
Maddox had long guessed that Ashton’s identity must be extraordinary. 
But after knowing that he was indeed part of the Heath family, he suddenly realized that in every aspect, he could not compare with the man before him. 
Ashton came from the Heath family, with a noble background. 
While he... 
Even if their professions were glamorous and lucrative to ordinary people, to the eyes of these real prestigious families, they were still occupations that could not enter their sights. 
In ancient times, they would have been lowly actors. 
Although the situation has improved a lot now, to the upper-class society, they were still considered lowly actors, right? 
They were being looked down upon. 
Any woman would choose Ashton Heath over him. 
Moreover, not only did the man before him have a superior background, his appearance and temperament were also unmatched by few. 
At this moment, as Maddox clearly sensed the gap between him and Ashton, his mood plummeted to rock-bottom. 
If before this, he still believed that he had some chances of winning, now he had completely dispelled any such thoughts. 
What could he have to compete with someone who was better than him in every aspect? 
If he were Joanna Lawrence, he would also choose Ashton Heath. 
Maddox’s emotions uncontrollably dropped, as he looked at the seemingly perfect couple in front of him, he felt bitter and miserable. 
It was at this moment that he truly thought of giving up. 
Because he acutely felt that he had no chance of winning anymore. 
His romantic rival was too powerful. 
He had no chance of winning at all.
###Chapter 938: Chapter 937 She is My Baby Lump
"Mr. Allenson, thank you for stepping in and helping Joanna." Ashton Heath’s arm possessively wrapped around Joanna’s waist, pulling her closer as if to publicly claim his territory. "If you hadn’t stepped forward in time, I can’t imagine what the consequences would have been." 
"You’ve done a great favor for Joanna, and we may never be able to fully repay you for it." 
Maddox Allenson’s gaze fell on the arm Ashton used to hold Joanna, his already dim eyes becoming even more lifeless. 
Suppressing the bitter taste in his heart, he forced a smile: "Mr. Ashton is too kind. It’s not a matter of owing favors. You don’t owe me anything, and you don’t need to repay me. In such a situation, as a man, I would definitely step forward." 
"I just did something most men would do, so there’s no need for you to feel indebted to me." 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips: "True, but Mr. Allenson really did do a great favor to my Joanna." 
As Ashton spoke, he gently pushed aside Joanna’s hair, as if combing it, tender and doting: "If it wasn’t for Mr. Allenson bravely stepping in, blocking the sulfuric acid for Joanna, I’m afraid..." 
"Mr. Allenson has done a great favor for Joanna, and it must be repaid." 
Previously, Joanna’s hair had covered her neck, hiding the bruising from sight. 
With Ashton’s touch, the hidden marks were now fully exposed. 
Seeing the conspicuous red marks on the girl’s tender, smooth neck, it felt as if something had stabbed Maddox’s heart. His heart tightened abruptly, the sharp pain gradually spreading to every part of his body. 
He knew what those marks were. 
He also knew what those mottled red traces represented. 
It was because of this clarity that his heart ached. 
As a man himself, he fully understood Ashton’s actions. 
It was a gesture of claiming territory. 
Ashton was telling him, through this act, that Joanna had long been his woman. 
He could see that Maddox had started harboring feelings towards Joanna. 
This was a declaration of sovereignty and also a warning to him. 
Looking at Maddox’s pale face, Ashton hooked his lips again, caressing Joanna’s head tenderly, his soft voice filled with affection: "If I don’t make some compensation to Mr. Allenson, I’m afraid Joanna will be unhappy with me." 
"She’s my baby, and I’ve always been completely indulgent with her, never wanting to make her sad. Today, I saw my girl sullen and unhappy, so I asked her why. She told me it was because she was worried about Mr. Allenson." 
"She said that because of her, Mr. Allenson was injured, and she’s worried that your injury will affect your career." 
"If helping her leads to serious consequences for Mr. Allenson’s career, she will feel guilty for a lifetime." 
At this point, Ashton hooked his lips and glanced at Mike: "I’m sorry, I accidentally overheard Mr. Allenson and this gentleman’s conversation just now. It seems, Mr. Allenson, that your hand injury has already caused a lot of
###Chapter 939: Chapter 938: Differentiating Between Hierarchical Rankings
Many people in the circle give him respect by calling him Mr. Mike. 
Many people admire and fear him, feeling he’s not a person to mess with. 
Yet, this kind of person felt fear when looked at casually by Ashton Heath. 
He didn’t even dare to meet his gaze for too long. 
"No, no errors." Mike sensed that Ashton Heath wanted to compensate Maddox Allenson for his losses. Even if he felt somewhat afraid, he still mustered the courage to say, "Little Tutu got hurt trying to save Mr. Ashton’s girlfriend. He is an artist, and many of the advertisements he signs require showing his hands. But now that he’s injured his hand, this will affect him..." 
"Are you Maddox Allenson’s agent?" Ashton Heath interrupted him impatiently, "I don’t care about all these things you’re saying. Just tell me, how much has he lost in total?" 
"How can you have such an attitude?" Mike felt that Ashton Heath’s attitude was extremely bad, which irritated him, but he didn’t dare to truly vent his anger. With his eyes down and a lack of confidence, he said, "Little Tutu is your girlfriend’s benefactor. How can you talk like that?" 
"Even if you’re from the Heath family, you can’t treat us like this. If it weren’t for Little Tutu, Joanna’s pretty face might have been ruined. Do you think giving us monetary compensation can make up for the damage?" 
"Mike." Maddox Allenson’s face turned cold, "I already said that my business doesn’t need your intervention. If you continue like this, get out." 
"Little Tutu, do you have any conscience?" Mike’s face turned green with anger, "I’m doing this for your own good. Look at his attitude, as if he’s bestowing some kind of favor. If you didn’t block that punch for Joanna Lawrence, would you be so miserable now?" 
"I’ve said this before, your one-sided devotion might not be appreciated. Can’t you see that now?" 
"Mike!" 
"I’m just telling the truth. Did I say anything wrong?" Mike pointed at Ashton Heath angrily, "Mr. Ashton, you said you wanted to compensate, but what difference would your compensation make? Because of the injury on Little Tutu’s hand, not only will many advertisement contracts have to be terminated, but he probably won’t take any more jobs for a year. Money matters are trivial compared to the fact that, should he make a comeback after this year, he may not be as popular as he is today." 
"He is currently one of the top popular artists in the industry. Disappearing from the public eye at this time will have a huge impact on him. Do you think it is just a matter of money? Do you think we really lack money?" 
Mike got angrier the more he talked, his face turning red, "Mr. Ashton, do you think you can compensate for all these?" 
Joanna Lawrence already felt guilty about Maddox Allenson. 
Hearing Mike’s words deepened her guilt. 
She said apologetically, "Mr. Mike, I’m sorry. I know that this must have greatly impacted Mr. Allenson, but my boyfriend will try his best to make amends. Can you please trust him? He really will try his best." 
"Huh, Miss Joanna, I know that your boyfriend is from the Heath family and is very capable. But even the Heath family has different ranks. Some things, even if he wants to make up for them, he may not be able to." 
After saying that, Mike glanced at Ashton Heath and snorted lightly through his nose.
###Chapter 940: Chapter 939: However, there is no such need in the future.
So what if he’s from the Heath family? 
It’s not like he’s one of the two most powerful young masters of the Heaths. 
If he’s just a relative from a side branch, his attitude is a little too arrogant. 
He acts as if he has great abilities and can solve any problem. 
"Mike, get out of here." Maddox on the hospital bed was quite pissed off, pointing to the door, "I don’t need you here anymore, get out right now." 
"Fine, I’ll leave." Mike was also angry, feeling his kindness had been treated like a donkey’s liver and lungs. He complained bitterly, "Little Tutu, I think your mind hasn’t been cleared up yet, you don’t know good from bad. You think I’m an eyesore now, am I embarrassing you? You don’t want to see me? Fine, I’ll leave, I won’t stay here and annoy you." 
"I don’t want to care about you in the future, you can do whatever you want. Anyway, you don’t listen to me. If I talk more, you will only find it annoying. I really shouldn’t be caring too much. If you don’t care about what your future life will be like, what should I care about?"
"After all, if you don’t become popular in the future, how much of a loss could it be for me? I can train other artists in the future. If I can train one of you, I can train a second one." 
"All you’re ruining is your own career." 
After saying that, Mike stormed out of the hospital room. 
Because he was so angry, he slammed the door shut when he left. 
Maddox’s face on the hospital bed became even uglier. 
He clenched his fists, staring at the closed door for a while before slowly taking his cold gaze back. 
"I’m sorry, Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton." His face was gloomy, "My agent...he’s just emotionally unstable because of my stuff. He didn’t mean anything against you two, he’s just unhappy with me." 
Ashton Heath curled his lips, showing no concern: "Mr. Allenson, you’re worrying too much. I can understand your agent’s feelings, and I won’t mind. In fact, you don’t have to worry about it either. People will say things they don’t mean when they’re angry, and those things shouldn’t be taken seriously." 
Maddox paused, then smiled, "Yes, we shouldn’t take angry words seriously. Mr. Ashton, I know you must genuinely want to compensate me, but as I said, I don’t need any compensation." 
"Ms. Joanna doesn’t owe me anything, and Mr. Ashton owes me even less. If you came to the hospital because of the compensation, you really didn’t have to." 
"Ms. Joanna." After Maddox finished speaking, his eyes moved to Joanna, stayed for a few seconds, his smile became somewhat dimmer, "You don’t have to come and accompany me in the hospital every day. I was thinking about practicing acting together with you, but it’s not necessary anymore." 
"So Ms. Joanna, you don’t have to keep coming to the hospital." 
"Mr. Allenson, I..." 
"I can’t shoot the TV series in my current condition. I can’t let the entire film crew wait for me to recover. The Male Lead 1 has to be replaced, so there’s no need to practice acting together anymore." 
Maddox spoke, closing his eyes, looking exhausted, "These past years, I’ve scheduled every day to be full, never giving myself a day off. Now that I think about it, it’s quite tiring. It’s a good opportunity to take a break and do what I really want to do. There’s nothing wrong with that."
###Chapter 941: Chapter 940: What Did You Discuss with Him?
"Consider it as going on a long vacation for yourself." 
"Miss Joanna, Mr. Ashton, I suddenly feel a bit tired. I want to rest a bit; do you have any other matters?" 
* 
Coming out of the hospital room. 
Joanna Lawrence hung her head down, softly sighing. 
Ashton Heath reached out to rub her head: "What’s wrong? Not happy?" 
Joanna Lawrence shook her head: "No, I’m just a bit worried." 
"Worried about what?" 
"Do you think Mr. Allenson and his agent will really fall out? I saw his agent was really angry just now; will he really ignore him in the future?" 
"You’re worried about this?" 
"Yes, if Mr. Allenson has a falling out with his agent because of me, I would feel really bad." 
"It won’t be," Ashton Heath clasped her hand, tighter each of her fingers, intertwining with hers, "His agent being upset with him shows they have a deep relationship. Just like a couple arguing, who breaks up right after one fight?" 
"Moreover, at this point, his agent shares the same interest with him. It’s not as easy as he said, to simply ignore him. You don’t need to worry about their matter at all." 
"Is that so?" Joanna Lawrence partially doubtfully looked at him. 
"Mhm." Ashton Heath led her forward by the hand for a while, stopped in his tracks all of a sudden. 
"What..." Joanna Lawrence was about to ask what happened. Following his gaze, she saw Mike still looking furious. 
"Baby, can you wait here for me for a bit?" Ashton Heath rubbed Joanna Lawrence’s head, glanced at Mike who was standing not far away, and smirked, "I’m going to chat with that guy." 
Joanna Lawrence guessed what he wanted to discuss with Mike, so she nodded: "Okay." 
"I’ll be back soon." 
Ashton Heath let go of his hand and walked toward Mike. 
Mike noticed them too. When he saw Ashton Heath, he darkened his face and glared at him, then switched his gaze away in huff. 
Joanna Lawrence saw Ashton Heath walked up to Mike. After uttering few words, Mike lifted his head to look at him, and his face seemed to soften a bit. 
They chatted for about ten minutes. 
Mike went from having a sour face to showing a hint of smile after his conversation with Ashton Heath. 
When their conversation ended, they even shook hands. 
Joanna Lawrence stared with her eyes wide and mouth agape. 
When Ashton Heath walked back to her side, she immediately started questioning: "What did you talk with him about?" 
"Of course, it’s about Maddox Allenson." Ashton Heath reached out to pull her up, his arm possessively wrapped around her delicate waist as he walked with her, "Two times the penalty for breach of contract, and the male lead role in four top-tier projects within the next year." 
"And some ads from Heath Group’s subsidiary for next year are also signed for him." 
"As long as he’s not completely useless, with these resources, he could become better than he is now. His agent’s biggest concern is that he will lose popularity during this hiatus, which will make it hard for him to make a comeback. But if he gets enough good resources, these concerns won’t be a problem." 
The male lead in four top resources projects and plenty of advertising contracts from Heath Group. 
These are indeed great resources. 
With Maddox Allenson’s condition and strength, let alone being the male lead in four top-tier projects, even if he does well in one of them, he could recreate his success.
###Chapter 942: Chapter 941: If you want Female Lead 1, just tell me directly
No wonder Mike had a delighted expression on his face in the end. 
He was well aware of what the conditions Ashton Heath had offered meant. 
Ashton Heath instantly resolved his most worrying issue, so how could he continue to give him a hard time? 
Thinking about this, a smile appeared on Joanna Lawrence’s face as she jokingly said, "Wow, the Male Lead 1 role in four top resources. Is it that easy to get the Male Lead 1 role in top resources? Can you also get the Female Lead 1 role for me as well, so I can take some shortcuts too?" 
"You want Female Lead 1?" 
Joanna was just joking, but Ashton Heath looked at her seriously and said, "Whose film do you want to star in? I’ll have someone arrange it right away. You’re my wife, if you want Female Lead 1, just tell me directly. You don’t need to go through any back door." 
Joanna: "Uh, I was just joking. I don’t have any time for that right now. I’ve still got Mr. White’s film on my hands." 
Joanna knew Ashton Heath was capable of doing that. 
Getting the female lead in a film was effortless for him. 
All she needed to do was ask, and she could be part of anyone’s film. 
However, even with such a strong background to use, she still hoped to win all her roles on her own merits. 
And not rely on him to get them. 
Although doing so might seem a bit pretentious, she wanted to prove herself that way. 
She didn’t want to rely on him for everything. 
Especially when it came to her career. 
She knew that taking shortcuts with his help would make things easier and lead to her becoming popular more quickly. 
But if she could easily land any role she wanted without any effort, it would leave her with no sense of accomplishment. 
And it would quickly erode her passion for acting. 
"Ashton Heath, can you promise me one thing?" 
As they walked, Joanna stopped and looked at him gravely. 
Ashton Heath found it amusing and asked, "What is it?" 
Joanna said with equal seriousness, "Promise me you won’t go behind my back to land me roles. If I want a certain role, I want to fight for it myself. Even if I don’t succeed in the end, it’s okay." 
"In short, I don’t want your help. I want to see how far I can go on my own." 
Ashton Heath understood her personality and nodded after listening, "Alright, I promise you." 
He, of course, wanted to be supportive when his baby girl wanted to prove herself. 
However, expecting him to stand aside and let her venture out alone was out of the question. 
The entertainment industry was like a meat grinder that never spat out the bones. 
If he didn’t interfere and left her to navigate the industry on her own, she would surely suffer. 
Not to mention that her appearance alone, without someone looking out for her, would have made it nearly impossible for her to gain fame solely through acting. 
Being a man himself, Ashton Heath understood how men thought. 
No man could look at her without having some ideas. 
His willingness to let her continue filming and venture into the entertainment industry’s sprawling melting pot was because he had enough confidence to protect her completely. 
However, he couldn’t guarantee the same if he wasn’t protecting her. 
"But can you also promise me one thing?" Ashton Heath frowned as he thought about this incident. 
Since he had so readily agreed to her request, Joanna also quickly replied, "Sure, what is it?" 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes as he led her into the elevator that had just arrived. 
After pressing the elevator button, he looked down at her with a serious expression, "From now on, you have to tell me everything that happens as soon as possible. I never want to hear news about you from anyone else again."
###Chapter 943: Chapter 942: Ashton Heath, This Stinking Hooligan!
He is her husband. 
He should be the person closest to her. 
Yet, he has to learn about her whereabouts from others. 
Even the things that people unrelated to her know, he is the last to find out. 
Thinking of this, Ashton Heath felt a twinge of anger inside. 
He, her husband, was actually treated like an outsider. 
Joanna Lawrence knew she was wrong in this matter, so she was very cooperative and obediently nodded after hearing him, "Yes, I promise you. No matter what happens in the future, I will tell you first."
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, "Can you keep this promise?" 
"Yes!" 
"What if you can’t keep it?" 
"Then...then you can punish me?" 
"Punish you?" The man’s dark eyes swept over her, landing on the noticeable red mark on her fair neck, lingering for a few seconds, his suggestive smile outlined, "Alright, if I discover you didn’t keep your promise, I’ll punish you. At that time, no matter how you cry or beg me, it will be useless." 
Joanna Lawrence immediately caught the subtext of his words. 
She also knew what he meant by punishment. 
Her face flushed, and a faint blush spread across her fair cheeks. 
This Ashton Heath is the worst hooligan! 
* 
After Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence left, Mike returned to the hospital room with a relaxed face. 
He pushed open the room door and saw Maddox Allenson had gotten out of bed and was standing by the window, silently looking outside. 
He heard the sound of the door opening but didn’t turn around. 
He was staring at something, as if he was lost in thought. 
Mike stood at the door watching him for a while, but Maddox Allenson didn’t react. 
Mike’s eyebrows gently creased as he walked into the room. 
When he got behind Maddox Allenson, he stopped, falling silent for a moment before softly speaking, "Little Tutu, are you still mad at me? You know, everything I’ve done is for your own good. After all these years, don’t you understand how I feel about you?" 
"Alright, everything I said before was out of frustration. If I didn’t want to care for you anymore, I would have washed my hands off this a long time ago. Would I come here just to be tormented by you?" 
After Mike finished speaking, Maddox Allenson remained without reaction. 
His body didn’t move at all. 
As if he hadn’t even heard his voice, didn’t even acknowledge him. 
Calmly standing by the window, his gaze fixed on a particular spot outside, he seemed entranced by something. 
"Little Tutu." Mike thought Maddox was still angry and intentionally ignoring him. Frowning, he patted his shoulder, "You’re not still mad at me, are you? People say things they don’t mean when they are angry, you’re being a bit petty." 
"Let’s change the subject, let me tell you something pleasant." 
"I’ve talked to Ashton Heath. He seemed quite sincere. He said that any economic losses we have suffered, he will compensate us double. Moreover, he promised to give you the role of the Male Lead 1 in four top resources, and also sign the advertising contracts of the Heath Group to us in the future." 
"With these resources, we don’t have anything to worry about. Unexpectedly, that Ashton Heath has quite a lot of power in the Heath Group. He can actually decide to sign the Heath Group’s big advertising contracts for next year to us." 
"I just don’t know if he can deliver on his words or is just boasting. What position does he hold in the Heath Group? He talks as if he’s the President of the Heath Group. As a relative from a side branch, can he really have so much power?"
###Chapter 944: Chapter 943: Is it possible that you said...
Mike didn’t notice that Maddox Allenson, who had shown no reaction all along, suddenly turned to look at him. 
He continued to grumble: "But come to think of it, I heard that the president of Heath Group who just returned to the country is not very old, just around twenty-five or twenty-six years old, about the same age as him. And it is said that he is also very good-looking. Do you think it’s possible..." 
As Mike spoke, he suddenly widened his eyes, showing shock on his face. 
He had suddenly thought of a possibility. 
Both surnamed Heath, both around the same age, and both with exceptionally good looks and temperament... 
And casually, he could decide who would sign Heath Group’s advertising contracts. 
He could also easily promise to give the role of Male Lead 1 in four top resources films and offer double compensation. 
These... didn’t seem like things a side relative of the Heath family could easily accomplish. 
Moreover, when he was talking to that man surnamed Heath just now, he could clearly feel that the man’s demeanor and etiquette did not seem like that of a side relative. 
Even though the side relatives of the Heath family could be considered top-tier wealthy families. 
But there still was a difference compared to the two legitimate young masters of the Heath family. 
The more Mike thought about it, the more he believed that there was an 80% chance that his guess was true. 
When he first met that man surnamed Heath, he felt that his identity must be very unusual. 
At that time, he was somewhat afraid of him. 
He never knew where this inexplicable fear came from. 
Now, he understood. 
If that man surnamed Heath was Young Master Ashton, who was low-key and hardly recognizable to people, it would be normal for him to be afraid. 
Being afraid of Mr. Ashton wouldn’t be something to be ashamed of anymore. 
Mike looked up in shock and saw that Maddox Allenson had finally reacted. He hesitated and voiced his guess: "Little Tutu, do you think that Ashton Heath might actually be the new President of the Heath Group?" 
What Mike guessed, Maddox Allenson guessed as well. 
But he didn’t want to believe it. 
He pursed his lips and remained silent for a while, his face turning pale: "It shouldn’t be. The newly appointed President of Heath Group has only just returned to the country and taken over the company. He must be busy with endless tasks every day; he wouldn’t have so much free time to come to Frankfurt every day." 
"That’s true." Mike thought for a moment and suddenly felt that the possibility was even smaller, "I heard that the President of Heath Group has a strange habit of not liking contact with women since he was young. So, even though his conditions are perfect, there are no women around him." 
"If he were the President of Heath Group, he would not be so close to Joanna." 
Upon hearing this, Maddox Allenson clenched his fists tightly. 
The image of Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath intimately leaning on each other and those ambiguous kiss marks on her neck came to his mind... 
A sudden pain struck his heart as if a sharp had pierced it hard. 
"I almost forgot, one of my friends works at Heath Group. I can ask her." Mike suddenly slapped his thigh forcefully, took out his phone, edited a message on Twitter and sent it to his so-called friend. 
After waiting for almost a minute, the other party replied. 
When Mike saw the photo sent by his friend, even though he had already guessed it before, when the truth was actually confirmed, he was still so shocked that he was at a loss for words and couldn’t speak for a long time.
###Chapter 945: Chapter 944 - Have you finally understood?
He turned his head, eyes full of surprise as he looked at Maddox Allenson and handed him the phone. 
Maddox took the phone and glanced down. In an instant, his grip on the phone became stiff. 
Even his body became stiff. 
It was actually him. 
How could it really be him? 
Mike was shocked for a while before he slowly came back to his senses. 
But in his eyes, there was still an incredulous look. He looked at Maddox in astonishment, "Little Tutu, that Ashton Heath is actually the President of the Heath Group. Didn’t they say that Mr. Ashton of the Heath family is not interested in women? But he and Joanna Lawrence clearly..." 
Mike wanted to say that the two had obviously been intimate. He stopped halfway through, looking at Maddox’s already unbearable face, and swallowed back the words that had reached the tip of his tongue. 
But he still had doubts in his heart. 
Were all the rumors false? 
Did Mr. Ashton not actually have androphobia? 
Otherwise, what was going on between him and Joanna Lawrence? 
Originally, he thought that there was no hope for his little Tutu. 
Now, Joanna’s boyfriend turned out to be the President of the Heath Group. 
Young Master Ashton, whose status was beyond words in the Heath family. 
At a young age, he was in control of Australand’s economic lifeline. 
No wonder he could casually promise so many so-called compensations. Those compensations were just a word from him. 
So, the mastermind behind the attack on Lisha Alcock was also this Young Master Ashton? 
Then Lisha’s death was not unjust. 
Dying in the hands of the President of the Heath Group, what could be unjust about it? 
This was clearly a just and deserving death. 
Moreover, being able to have Mr. Ashton personally take action against her was truly her honor. 
"Maddox." Mike was silent for a while, and although he knew that the topic he was about to bring up was not something Maddox would like to hear, he still said earnestly, "Give up... You will never win in this competition against him." 
"Besides, he is someone we cannot afford to offend." 
"You... Don’t think about Joanna anymore." 
With such an outstanding man by her side, 
there would be no room for any other man in any woman’s eyes, right? 
Although he thought that his little Tutu was also very outstanding, he couldn’t deny that when compared to Ashton, his little Tutu still lacked a bit. 
In fact, it was estimated that 98% of the men in Australand couldn’t compare to Ashton. 
Such a man who held the best possible advantages in every field was clearly God’s favorite. 
How could others compare? 
Maddox pursed his lips, not saying a word for a long, long time. 
The silence lasted so long that Mike couldn’t help it. When he was about to continue persuading him, he heard Maddox finally speak. His voice was cold and indifferent, without any trace of emotion, "Mike, notify my blog operation team and send out a blog post later." 
Mike: "What do you want to post?" 
Maddox turned around, raised his head and looked into the distance again. In his eyes, there was something resolute, "Just say that I’ve decided to study abroad for one year. I’ll return to the entertainment circle in a year." 
Mike was stunned for a few seconds, and then his face broke into a smile, "Little Tutu, have you finally come to your senses?" 
Maddox leaned on the windowsill with both hands, hooking the corners of his lips. There was a touch of bitterness in the depths of his eyes, "Otherwise, what do I have to compare with others?
###Chapter 946: Chapter 945: Suicide-like Horrifying Actions
"Joanna is with him, so I don’t have any worries. He has absolute ability to protect her completely. There are many things he can do that I can’t." 
Seeing that he finally understood and decided to give up, Mike was secretly delighted. 
He immediately said, "Yeah, he is the President of the Heath Group. Who can match the power of the Heath family? With him protecting Joanna, she won’t suffer any losses. If you really decide to study abroad for a year, once your injury gets better and you can be discharged from the hospital, I’ll make arrangements for you." 
"You haven’t had much rest in these years, so it’s actually a good opportunity to take a break and recuperate. I was worried that Mister Heath would write me a bad check, but now that he’s the President of the Heath Group, I don’t have anything to worry about." 
"With his help, you can rest assured and take a good rest this year." 
Maddox’s lips moved, as if he wanted to say something. 
But after thinking it over, he dismissed the idea. 
Looking into Mike’s eyes full of concern and warmth, he hesitated for a moment before nodding gently: "Hmm." 
He couldn’t let Mike worry about him anymore. 
Over the years, Mike had spent so much effort and energy to promote him. 
Up to this point, many things were beyond his control. 
If he were alone. 
Then he could refuse Ashton Heath’s compensation and help without any psychological burden. 
But he’s not alone. 
Even if he didn’t want to, he couldn’t refuse for the sake of those who cared for him. 
Most of the time, in the face of reality, what does pride count for? 
* 
Maddox’s blog about studying abroad caused a huge sensation. 
His fans couldn’t believe he would choose to study abroad for a year when his popularity was at its height.
Not only his fans, but many people in the industry were also puzzled and surprised by his behavior. 
Very few artists dare to do something like this. 
Dare to choose to lay low for a year when they are most popular. 
This requires extraordinary confidence and courage. 
Because even the most popular artists may fade away once they are out of the public eye for a year. 
The entertainment industry itself is an ever-changing circle with countless examples of people being replaced by newcomers even while they are still popular today. 
So, not many artists dare to do the same as Maddox, to temporarily retire at their peak. 
This is an act as terrifying as suicide. 
As soon as Maddox’s blog post went out, his studio and fan club quickly reposted it, saying they support him in any decision he makes and will always follow him. 
The topic of him temporarily retiring from the entertainment industry for a year soon topped the hot search list. 
Because the news was so sudden and the content so shocking, the instant surge in traffic caused the entire blog app to be paralyzed for more than ten minutes. Even the CEO of the blog posted a message complaining that Maddox had added a lot of workload to their staff. 
In short, the topic of Maddox taking a year off to study abroad firmly occupied the number one spot on the hot search list. 
Almost the entire blog was discussing this matter. 
His fans were about to go crazy. 
Littlebud: Ah, why did big brother suddenly decide to go abroad to study? Didn’t he just accept a TV series? What’s going to happen to the TV series if he goes abroad? Is he not going to shoot it anymore?
###Chapter 947: Chapter 946: Heading for the Film Crew’s Female Lead 1
Maddox Allenson’s Doting Wife: Although I don’t know why my husband suddenly made such a decision, I love him and will love him for a lifetime. So no matter what decision he makes, I support him. It’s just for one year; I’ll wait for him to return and create more glorious achievements! 
Support Maddox Allenson Forever: I actually think the decision to study abroad is quite good. In recent years, he’s been as busy as a spinning top, never stopping. Don’t you guys feel sorry for him? I’ve long felt he should take a break for himself. Although it’s risky to take a temporary break at the height of his popularity, our brother is a seasoned actor. I believe that even if he takes a year off and comes back, he can still hold his current position, and maybe perform even better after a year of reflection. 
Drinking Only AD Calcium Milk: Although I also support him, don’t you think this happened too suddenly? There were no signs beforehand and suddenly he said he was going to study abroad. Don’t you find it strange? Also, he just confirmed his participation in a new TV series not long ago, so will he no longer be acting in it if he goes to study now? 
Fanciest National Style: It is strange, I feel like something must have happened, causing him to suddenly make this decision. I suddenly remembered something my friend told me before, I originally thought it was just hearsay gossip, now I think maybe that gossip was true. 
As soon as this comment was posted, many fans replied to this person called "Fanciest National Style" asking what the gossip was. 
It’s unknown whether this person deliberately made such a statement to attract attention. 
After more than 10,000 replies to his comment, he finally responded with an unclear reply: I heard that something happened in Maddox’s film crew yesterday morning, and it was related to him. So his decision to study abroad probably has to do with what happened yesterday morning. 
These kinds of replies were as good as saying nothing. 
Many netizens waiting for his reply said he was deliberately attracting attention and trolling for replies after reading his response. 
Some fans even directly cursed him out. 
This person, seeming annoyed by the fans’ cursing, quickly replied to one fan: I’m not lying; my friend is in the film crew. They said the incident was originally aimed at Female Lead 1, and somehow it got connected to Maddox Allenson. Oh, Female Lead 1 is the actress who was rumored to be dating Maddox Allenson before, Joanna something. 
Few fans still believed this reply. 
Some even thought that this netizen was arranged by Joanna’s side, just wanting to latch onto Maddox Allenson’s popularity. 
After all, Maddox Allenson was going to study abroad soon. 
It would be difficult to ride on his popularity in the future. 
A group of fans who didn’t feel vented enough from cursing out the netizen went on to curse Joanna in the comment section. 
* 
In a bar. 
A group of wealthy young ladies gathered together, surrounded by various types of alcohol. One of them shook the dice in her hand and opened it, glanced at the number, then grinned at Rebecca Kelloway, who sat opposite: "Rebecca, my number is bigger than yours, you have to drink this glass." 
Rebecca took a look at the table, expressionlessly picked up a glass of blue cocktail, and drank it in one gulp. 
"Clap, clap, clap!" 
The other girls at the table clapped, cheering: "Ms. Rebecca has a great capacity for alcohol. So bold, downing it all at once."
###Chapter 948: Chapter 947: Is it that actress named Joanna Lawrence?
"Rebecca, why don’t we stop playing after this drink?" A young lady who gets along well with Rebecca Kelloway looked at her worriedly and said, "You’ve already had a lot, if you drink more, you’ll get drunk." 
Rebecca finishes her drink, wipes her lips, and emotionlessly says, "I’m not drunk, let’s keep playing." 
"Rebecca, you..." 
"Ah, Maddox Allenson is going to take a break from the entertainment industry and go abroad to study for a year!" The young lady who was just playing dice with Rebecca suddenly exclaimed and started complaining with her phone in hand, "Why does he suddenly want to study abroad?" 
"He never even mentioned this to me." 
Another young lady smiles slyly and mockingly, "Maybe he decided to go abroad just to avoid you. What if he told you and you tried to stop him from leaving?" 
"Bullshit." The elegant young lady swears angrily, "What does it have to do with me? It’s said that something happened to their film crew, and that’s why he suddenly decided to go abroad." 
"And it’s somehow related to that siren that was rumored to be with him a while ago." 
"Damn it, what did that siren do? I heard she has connections, which is why she got promoted from Female Lead 3 to Female Lead 1. Did she use her connections to bully Maddox to the point where he had no choice but to flee abroad?" 
"I have to call Maddox and ask him what happened. If it’s really that siren causing trouble, I don’t care what connections she has, I’ll teach her a lesson." 
Rebecca suddenly looks at the woman sitting across from her, "What did you say? Maddox Allenson is going to study abroad?" 
Although Rebecca doesn’t pay much attention to the entertainment industry, she knows who Maddox Allenson is. 
He is one of the hottest young idols today, who just signed on to Gary White’s TV series and is in the same film crew as Joanna Lawrence. 
The young lady being asked says, disgruntled, "Yes, he’s popular now, and he definitely wouldn’t go abroad to study for a year unless he had no other choice." 
"You just said that his decision to study abroad is related to the Female Lead 1 from his film crew? Is it that actress named Joanna Lawrence?" 
"Ah, Rebecca, you know about this siren too?" The young lady across from her becomes even more indignant when mentioning the name, "It is that siren. I don’t know where she came from, but she used to be just Female Lead 3, and now she’s Female Lead 1." 
"Maybe the situation with Lisha Alcock was her doing. Otherwise, why would Lisha’s Female Lead 1 role be replaced by her?" 
Rebecca’s eyes flicker rapidly, "What do you have to do with this? And how do you know it’s her?" 
"I don’t know if it has anything to do with her, I just saw people saying that online. But there’s no smoke without fire, why else would such rumors spread if it’s not related to her?" 
Rebecca remains silent for a few seconds and then logs into her blog with her phone. 
On the blog, everything is related to Maddox Allenson’s hiatus from the industry to study abroad for a year.
As Rebecca opens the blog, she sees the post from Maddox Allenson. 
After looking at it, she clicks into the comment section. 
A user named "Folk flair" has their reply listed as the top comment. After reading their message to another user, Rebecca clicks on their homepage and sends them a private message.
###Chapter 949: Chapter 948: Name your price, how much would it take for you to talk?
About a minute later, "Vivid Folkstyle" replied to her: Hello, who are you? 
Upon seeing the reply, Rebecca Kelloway immediately wrote back: You mentioned that Maddox Allenson’s one-year break to study abroad was related to the Female Lead 1 in his crew. Could you tell me more about this? 
After nearly another minute, "Vivid Folkstyle" replied: I’m sorry, I can’t reveal any more details. Please stop inquiring about this. You won’t get any answers from me. 
Seeing his reply, Rebecca Kelloway’s face fell slightly. 
"Rebecca, are you still playing?" one of the wealthy young ladies, who Rebecca had asked to accompany her, couldn’t help asking as they noticed her silence while holding her phone. 
Rebecca’s mind was fully preoccupied with the comment she had just seen. 
She was eager to know what exactly was the connection between Maddox Allenson’s one-year hiatus and Joanna Lawrence. 
She had a hunch that the truth would not bode well for Joanna. 
The person she hated most right now was Joanna Lawrence. 
She had never despised someone so much in her entire life. 
Anything that could cause Joanna misery and pain would greatly relieve Rebecca’s resentment. 
The more unfortunate Joanna was, the more pleasurable Rebecca felt. 
She wished that despicable woman would suddenly drop dead. 
This would really delight her. 
She loathed that despicable woman. 
"I’m done playing," Rebecca said with a straight face, taking out a card from her bag. She called over the waiter to settle the bill, then stood up, bag in hand under the dissatisfied gazes of the other girls. "— I have other matters to attend to. We’ll go out to play again sometime." 
Having said that, she didn’t care what the others thought and turned around to leave. 
"What’s her deal? She asked us to come out and play, and not even an hour has passed before she leaves." 
"It’s not like it’s your first day knowing her. She has always been capricious." 
"Who would dare to speak up against her? With her status and background, can any of you air your discontent to her face?" 
"Has anyone noticed that Rebecca seems to be in a bad mood lately? Who pissed her off?" 
"Who else could it be? She probably had another setback with Young Master Ashton of the Heath family. What exactly is she thinking, harboring a crush on him for over 20 years, and being rejected all the while, yet still persisting. She’s a well-bred lady, all aspects of her life are excellent, she doesn’t need to demean herself. Does Young Master Ashton look like a god to make her this obsessed? Has anyone seen Young Master Ashton?" 
"I’ve seen him once..." 
"You have? How does he look? Does he truly look divine?" 
"Well, he is exceptionally handsome, truly divine. You’ll understand when you see him, I guarantee that you will never forget him in your life."
"Is he really that handsome?" 
"To put it simply, all the men I’ve seen in my life combined are not as attractive as him. If I were Rebecca, and there was such an outstanding man beside me since childhood, I’m certain I would not be attracted to any other man." 
* 
Rebecca Kelloway walked out of the bar. The valet brought over her car and respectfully handed her the car keys. 
After receiving them, she got into the car and opened the private chat page with the user called "Vivid Folkstyle". 
She reread their conversation for a while, thought for a moment, then sent another message: Name your price. How much do you want to reveal what you know?
###Chapter 950: Chapter 949: The truth is because he was injured.
Is a million dollars enough? As long as you provide useful and real information, the price can be increased. 
InsiderV replied instantly: Who are you? What do you want? 
Rebecca Kelloway also replied instantly: You don’t need to know who I am. If you are interested in this deal, let’s talk. One message for a million dollars is not a loss for you. 
InsiderV: You have big demands, asking for a million dollars just like that. How can I know if you’re being truthful or tricking me? 
Rebecca Kelloway: I can pay half of the deposit first. However, you must guarantee that the information you give is true, not just nonsense. If you deceive me, you will face the consequences. 
Perhaps the other party finally believed that she was serious. When they replied again, their tone became much more serious: I can’t guarantee whether the information is true. But indeed, it was someone from the same film crew who told me. And my friend also told me that at the moment of the incident, their director ordered a news blackout, not allowing them to tell anyone. He took a risk to tell me because he is particularly close to me. I’d tell you everything I know. You should carefully consider whether the information is true or not. 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at the reply and frowned, hesitated for a moment, then replied: Can you answer me one question first. Is Maddox Allenson’s study abroad related to Joanna Lawrence? 
InsiderV quickly replied: It is related to her, it is basically because of her. 
Throwing all doubts away, Rebecca felt a rush of steely resolve. 
She asked for InsiderV’s bank account and instantly transferred half a million dollars. 
On the other hand, the person who received the deposit quickly informed her of everything he had heard. 
Rebecca’s lips curved upwards slightly as she read InsiderV’s message, a sinister glint flickering in the depths of her eyes. 
She knew it, the truth of the matter must go against Joanna Lawrence. 
It was as she expected. 
Maddox Allenson’s sudden decision to study abroad for a year was because he was injured and had to withdraw from the entertainment industry for a year. 
Moreover, the injury was caused by Joanna Lawrence. 
If this news trip, his fans would surely tear Joanna Lawrence apart. 
Their idol, at the peak of his career, had to leave the industry because of a minor actress which he was rumored to be involved with. Even if Maddox heroically took the fall, all the blame would fall on Joanna. 
Maddox Allenson is currently the industry’s top influencer. 
He has over 50 million followers on his blog. 
And most of them are female fans.
Women are naturally strong fighters, but female fans are the top of fighters among women. 
Millions of female fans can tear Joanna Lawrence apart so much so she can’t stay in the industry anymore. 
Rebecca deleted her conversation with the Internet user and logged out of her blog. She dialed a number. 
* 
An hour later. 
While Maddox Allenson’s decision to study abroad for a year was still the top of the hot search list, another hot search term suddenly appeared. 
The new hot search rose rapidly within the hour, reaching the third place on the hot search list. 
A blog account named "InsiderV" broke the news: The truth behind Maddox Allenson’s quitting for study abroad was because he was injured and he would not be able to work for the next year, which was why he had to leave the industry.
###Chapter 951: Chapter 950: The comment section is almost exploding.
It wasn’t that he wanted to calm down and spend time on his own to recuperate. 
Studying abroad was just an excuse. 
Once this hot search broke, Maddox Allenson’s fans and popcorn eaters quickly turned their attention to it. 
They all asked in the comments where Maddox was injured. 
Especially his fans, hearing that their idol was injured, they panicked and posted messages frantically in the comment section. 
InsiderV did not reply to anyone, instead, they directly posted another explosive blog. 
InsiderV: Many people have asked me where Maddox was injured and how it happened. I won’t reply one by one, let me just tell you the truth. As everyone knows, Lisha Alcock’s scandals have come out, and it’s said that they were exposed by a sugar daddy of a newcomer. Lisha found out, so she went to the film crew to find the newcomer, thinking that since she was already on the decline, she should not let the newcomer off either, so she brought a bottle of sulfuric acid. The sulfuric acid was meant to be splashed on the newcomer, but Maddox was with her at the time, so he stepped in like a hero. However, you don’t have to worry too much, the sulfuric acid splashed on his hand, causing severe injuries, but luckily, his face is fine. He’ll probably need about a year of recovery before making a comeback. 
This blog caused a massive uproar.
The comment section was about to explode. 
There were waves of crazy fan comments. 
Maddox’s little fairy: So our brother got hurt by the sulfuric acid meant for Joanna Lawrence, and that’s why he had to take a year off? My god, did his beautiful hand get hurt by the acid? Isn’t it seriously damaged? Blogger, are you telling the truth, please don’t scare us. 
Popcorn eaters: If this blogger isn’t making things up, Maddox’s behavior is quite manly. I’ve always been a passerby, but if this is true, I might become a fan. 
I love Maddox: The sulfuric acid got on his hand? The corrosiveness of sulfuric acid is so strong, I can’t imagine how severe the wound on his hand is. Oh god, blogger, are you just trying to scare us, is this true? Did our brother really get hurt? Is he in the hospital now, which hospital is he in? I really want to go visit him, I feel heartbroken. 
Naturally Stupid: I was wondering why Maddox suddenly decided to study abroad when everything was going well. Even if he wanted to, he shouldn’t have chosen this time to go, but I didn’t expect the truth to be like this. Lisha is too terrifying, actually bringing sulfuric acid to the film crew. Is Maddox an idiot for blocking the sulfuric acid? What if it got on his face, his life would have been ruined. 
Love Maddox Forever: That Joanna woman is so hateful, brother got hurt because of her, she’s like a scapegoat. It should have been her who took the damage, why did our brother have to suffer? She deliberately leaked the video before to ride on our brother’s popularity, and now she got him injured so badly, I hate this woman to death. 
Bitch Joanna drop dead: This bitch got our brother splashed with sulfuric acid, I want to splash her face with acid too. If it weren’t for this bitch, our brother wouldn’t have been injured, and he wouldn’t have had to take a year off. Right now, his career is going so well, taking a break all of a sudden will have a huge impact on him.
###Chapter 952: Chapter 951: Joanna Lawrence Get Out of the Entertainment Industry
But that bitch’s reputation remains unaffected, and she has even become the Female Lead 1 of the film crew. 
Boycott Bitch Joanna, Joanna get out of entertainment circle: My brother sacrificed so much for this stinky woman, but she never even thanked him on her Blog. This kind of woman is just too disgusting. Why does my brother have to suffer such a huge impact on his career because of her, while she acts like nothing happened? This bitch still wants to continue in the entertainment circle? Let’s boycott her together and kick her out of the entertainment circle. 
At first, Maddox Allenson’s fans were cursing Joanna Lawrence on the comments of the "insiderV" post. After a while, they shifted their focus, found Joanna’s Blog account, and went crazy cursing her on her most recent post. 
At the same time, as if to prove the truth of "insiderV"’s post, some so-called informants revealed that Lisha Alcock was indeed in the police station held under criminal detention for the alleged crime of intentional injury to others. 
Generally, when it involves criminal detention, the matter becomes more serious. 
Some people also revealed that Maddox Allenson did indeed terminate some advertising contracts with their company for various reasons, saying that he temporarily could not film commercials. 
These so-called revelations all proved the high authenticity of "InsiderV’s" post. 
For a while, more and more fans swarmed to Joanna Lawrence’s Blog post and desperately commented with all kinds of abusive and cursing words. 
The comment sections are unsightly. 
Many people were clamoring for Joanna Lawrence to die and leave the entertainment circle. 
Even the topic "Joanna Lawrence Get Out of the Entertainment Circle" made it to the hot search list. 
As the incident escalated, the topics about Joanna Lawrence surpassed Maddox Allenson’s on the hot search list. 
Some people began to dig who Joanna Lawrence’s sugar daddy was. 
Others investigated Joanna Lawrence’s past. 
Even the rumors about her and Gary White in the film crew were brought up as scandals, saying that she tried to seduce the director as soon as she joined the TV series to get the role of Female Lead 1. But seeing that Lisha Alcock’s status was much higher, she couldn’t seduce her way up, so she came up with the idea of releasing Lisha Alcock’s scandals. 
When Lisha Alcock’s scandal broke out, the next day Joanna was changed to Female Lead 1. 
Lisha Alcock became a nobody overnight, so she went to find Joanna with sulfuric acid in anger. 
Originally, the sulfuric acid was supposed to be thrown on her. 
But all the damage was blocked by Maddox Allenson when he stepped in. 
Another so-called hospital worker came out to expose that Maddox Allenson was currently being treated in their hospital. The only person accompanying him was his agent, and there was no sign of Joanna Lawrence or the like. 
When this news came out, it further angered Maddox Allenson’s fans. 
On Blog, there was a wave of criticism towards Joanna Lawrence. 
Some even proposed to form a group to beat up Joanna Lawrence and vent their anger. 
* 
HE Company. 
Linda was sitting at her desk, looking at the Blog page on her computer screen, with a gloomy expression. 
A rapid knocking sounded at the door. 
She told the person outside to come in, and the person outside pushed the door open and entered, greeting Linda respectfully. 
Linda looked at the visitor, "What’s the matter?" 
"Linda, Mr. Tucker wants you to come to his office, he says he has something to discuss with you." 
Linda furrowed her brows lightly, and after a moment of silence, she nodded, "I know, I’ll go over there now."
###Chapter 953: Chapter 952: We Don’t Want This Artist Anymore
After ten minutes, Linda knocked on the door of the President’s office. 
A steady voice came from inside: "Come in." 
Linda pushed the door open and walked in, seeing the man sitting at the desk, she got straight to the point: "Mr. Tucker, what is it that you needed to speak with me about?" 
She had some guesses in her mind.
She had known Garret Twain for many years, and they were more than just boss and subordinate, they were old friends as well. 
Both of them had a mutual understanding for each other. 
"There’s no need for such formalities between us. It sounds so awkward. There’s nobody here." Garret pointed to the couch, "Sit down first. What would you like to drink?" 
Linda sat down on the side, shaking her head, "There’s no need for it. Mr. Tucker, just tell me directly why you wanted to see me. You know my personality, I don’t like to beat around the bush." 
"Alright." Garret liked to get straight to the point too. Once she sat down, he directly asked, "The artist you just signed, what was her name... seems to start with Jo, I think?" 
A "thud" resounded in Linda’s heart, but she remained composed on the surface, nodding her head, "Yes, her name is Joanna Lawrence." 
As expected, it had something to do with Joanna. 
"Hmm, it’s her." Garret sat back on the black leather chair, a subtle crease on his forehead, "Have you seen all the commotion she’s caused on her Blog?" 
"I’ve seen it." 
"This artist has just been signed recently, right? Why does she keep causing trouble? It’s a big deal this time, the entire Blog is filled with condemnations of her. Even the fans of Maddox Allenson have gone to our company’s official Blog to curse people." 
"While it’s true that artists need exposure, causing such frequent trouble like this isn’t good, right? Moreover, with her causing such a big fuss this time, it’s probably difficult for the company to clean this up for her. If we had to involve Public Relations, it would require spending quite a bit." 
"She hasn’t brought much revenue to the company yet, having the company spend huge sums to settle this issue for her is not a worthwhile deal." 
Linda remained silent, waiting for Garret to finish, then calmly responded, "Mr. Tucker, are you suggesting that we should abandon her?" 
Garret twiddled a ring around his finger, replying indifferently, "How should I intervene? Seeing the current trend, do you think we can quell this situation just by spending money to pull down the hot search, and hiring online trolls to control the public’s opinion?" 
Linda furrowed her brows, "Mr. Tucker, are you implying..." 
Garret lifted his head to glance at her and said, "She has offended someone, and they want to mess with her. Otherwise, how do you think the topic got onto the hot search list so quickly?" 
"But, that’s no reason for us to just abandon her. Regardless, she is an artist under our company now. Besides, this incident is not her fault at all, Maddox voluntarily protected her from the sulfuric acid, he wasn’t forced to by her." 
"So the fans are upset and attacking her, that I can understand. But Mr. Tucker, surely you can tell right from wrong." 
Hearing her say this, Garret let out a cold snort, "Of course, I know it’s not her fault. However, with the situation becoming what it is now, even if it’s not her fault, it’s still related to her. There’s no need for the company to keep an artist who’s always causing trouble." 
Linda was startled, a look of surprise appearing on her face, "Mr. Tucker, what do you mean?" 
Garret looked directly at her: "Terminate the contract with her. We don’t want this artist anymore."
###Chapter 954: Chapter 953: Someone Ordered You to Kill Joanna Lawrence?
"This isn’t right!" Linda stood up abruptly. 
"Mr. Tucker, Joanna Lawrence is a rare gem. As long as the company is willing to nurture her, she is bound to shine. I’ve been an agent for ten years, you should trust my judgment. Even though she hasn’t brought any profits to the company right now, I am sure she can earn a lot in the future." 
"I’ve seen her profile, indeed, her appearance is quite impressive," Garret Twain eyes showed no softening, "I trust your judgment, that you certainly would be capable of promoting her. However, signing such an artist, will indeed bring a lot of trouble to the company." 
"Trouble?" Linda didn’t understand, "Mr. Tucker, are you referring to her scandals and this current incident? Isn’t this normal? Which artist doesn’t have a bit of scandal? Moreover, if someone is targeting her, wanting to harm her, this is something she can’t avoid." 
"Scandals are not something she instigated intentionally, if the company terminates her contract because of these matters, isn’t it a bit too much?" 
"In addition, I think highly of her, I don’t want to lose such a potential star." 
Garret Twain furrowed his brows and stayed silent for a while, sighed: "Linda, we’ve known each other for quite a while now, I might as well tell you straight. Besides the troubles she’s stirred, the main reason for not wanting to keep her in the company is that someone doesn’t want her to stay." 
"That person, is someone I can’t offend. I cannot risk upsetting her just for a newbie." 
"Therefore, we must terminate her contract. If you think this issue is hard to explain, I can assign someone else to inform her." 
Linda was taken aback: "Mr. Tucker, are you saying that someone wants you to let go of Joanna Lawrence?" 
"Um." 
"Who?" 
"Ms. Rebecca." 
"Ms. Rebecca?" Linda was shocked and surprised again, "Why would she... " 
"So now you understand why I have to terminate her contract? This matter is settled, either you contact her regarding the termination, or I have someone else from the company do it. You decide." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t find out about the online onslaught by numerous fans on Blog till several hours after she left the hospital. 
After leaving the hospital with Ashton Heath, they took a stroll in the mall. 
Bought some daily necessities. 
Ashton Heath sent her back to her apartment and left. 
He received a call and had to go back to Closia. When leaving, he promised Joanna Lawrence that he would handle the matters in half a day at most and then fly to Frankfurt in the evening to have dinner with her. 
Because Maddox Allenson was injured, the Male Lead 1 had to be replaced.
The new Male Lead 1 that Gary White picked was shooting an advertisement overseas and said he wouldn’t fly back until tomorrow. 
So effectively, Joanna Lawrence got a day off. 
After she returned to her apartment, she read the script for two hours. As she continued reading, she felt drowsy and fell asleep. 
When she woke up and checked her phone, she found several missed calls and numerous Twitter messages. 
There were messages from Aria Rowlett and Jeremy Lawrence and Nina, and several from Linda. 
All the messages sent by everyone were about the same thing. 
It was only after Joanna Lawrence read all the Twitter messages that she logged into Blog. 
The moment she opens Blog, she sees a note in her comments section indicating she has hundreds of thousands of unread comments. When she casually clicked on it, she was greeted by a series of harsh criticisms. 
In the hot search on Blog, nearly all the topics are related to her.
###Chapter 955: Chapter 954: Unable to Continue Cooperation
Topics like "Joanna Lawrence get out of the entertainment industry," "Joanna Lawrence being financially supported," and "Joanna Lawrence seducing the director of the crew" almost entirely dominated the hot search topics that day. 
All the Entertainment Official Blog accounts also reposted the Blog post from the "InsiderV," and as she refreshed the Blog, almost all the news was about her. 
Clicking on related hot search topics, it’s almost entirely Maddox’s fans filling the screen, cursing her out violently. 
It seemed that the fans hated her to the bone, each one clamoring for her to get out of the entertainment industry, to boycott her, to make it impossible for her to survive in the industry. 
Countless fans sent her private messages with various threats and curses, saying that if it’s true that Maddox was seriously injured because he saved her, forcing him to quit the entertainment industry for a year, they would make her pay twice for Maddox’s loss. 
Joanna could only look at it for a few minutes before she couldn’t stand it and quit DogBlog. 
Although she’s not a fragile person at heart, she can’t be indifferent and unmoved in the face of so many curses and threats. 
Most fans are young and easily get emotional, prone to taking things to the extreme. 
When Joanna saw some comments claiming they would "dox" her and beat her up, she was truly a little scared. 
She had seen many unfortunate incidents resulting from internet violence. 
In her view, internet violence is indeed a terrifying thing. 
When it happened to her, it was even more frightening. 
As she had just exited Blog, her phone rang. 
It was a call from Linda. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment before picking it up: "Linda." 
There was no sound on the other end for a moment, and Joanna waited for a long time, doubting whether the line on Linda’s side had been cut off, before finally hearing Linda speak: "Joanna, have you seen the news about what’s happening?" 
Joanna went silent for a few seconds before softly answering: "Hmm." 
"Have you thought about how this thing got out?" Linda’s voice sounded a bit different from usual, seemingly a bit heavy. 
"I don’t know." Joanna went silent for a while before speaking softly, "Linda, I’m sorry. I seem to always be causing trouble. I’m really sorry, although I know saying sorry isn’t very useful." 
She felt quite ashamed. 
Since signing with the agency, she had caused so many troublesome incidents. 
Although none of them were intentional, and regardless of the reasons, they were all caused by her. 
She had an undeniable responsibility. 
"It’s not your fault." Linda sighed softly, "You didn’t tell Maddox to protect you, nor did you push him to do so; he did it voluntarily. You didn’t do anything wrong, it’s just that his fans are too protective of their idol and are viciously attacking you on Blog." 
"In this matter, no one is at fault. The only one who’s wrong is Lisha Alcock, who has now been arrested." 
"But... I caused trouble for you again." Joanna said guiltily, "Linda, am I the most troublesome artist you’ve ever signed?" 
"Joanna." Linda suddenly sighed again, her voice sounding even heavier than before, "I’m sorry, but the company has had a change of heart regarding the signing. I’m afraid we might not be able to continue working together." 
"I truly feel sorry and regretful. I had high hopes for you, it’s just that the company... I’m just an agent, and I can’t decide everything."
###Chapter 956: Chapter 955: Have you ever thought about who it might be?
"I’m sorry." Linda said sorry several times in a row, "If it were up to me, I would keep you in the company. But I’m just an employee too, and while the boss listens to my opinions, the final decision is out of my hands." 
After hearing Linda’s words, Joanna surprisingly felt calm in her heart. 
She did not feel shocked or angered at all. 
She even felt relieved, as if the weight had been lifted off her shoulders. 
She could completely understand why HE Company wanted to terminate the contract with her. 
As a newcomer who had not made any money for the company yet, but kept getting into trouble, she wouldn’t want an artist like herself if she were the boss of the company. 
In fact, even if Linda did not mention the termination, she had already been thinking about it herself. 
She didn’t know why she was so unlucky. 
When she was just doing minor roles as a background character, there were no issues at all. 
But ever since she signed with a formal company, one scandal followed another. 
It was like it couldn’t be stopped. 
She didn’t know if it would continue like this in the future. 
Hence, the termination actually made her feel much more relaxed. 
Although parting ways with a great media company like HE Company would undoubtedly upset her, her current state truly did not suit signing with another brokerage company. 
"Alright, I understand. Can we terminate the contract today?" Joanna thought about it and continued, "I’m free today, so I can book a flight back to Closia right away. Let’s arrange a specific time to meet up." 
There was silence on Linda’s end for about a minute before she responded, "How about we meet up over dinner together, is that okay?" 
"Okay," Joanna agreed immediately. 
"Joanna, I’m really sorry," Linda apologized again, "I never thought things would turn out like this. I had high hopes for you, and with your skills and qualifications, there’s no doubt you would have a bright future. But the company..." 
"Linda, I can understand," Joanna heard the guilt and sadness in Linda’s words and softened her voice to comfort her, "As you said, you don’t own the company, and the final decision is out of your control." 
"So you don’t need to keep apologizing to me. Besides, I can understand the company’s actions and I won’t harbor any resentment towards them." 
Linda gave a bitter smile, "Speaking of which, after you signed with HE Company, I didn’t secure any resources for you. You found the TV series resource yourself, and you also fought for the Female Lead 1 role on your own. Being able to land such a leading role in your first work, your future prospects would surely be limitless." 
"It’s the company’s loss for making this decision. Eventually, they will regret it." 
"Joanna, even though you’ll no longer be under the company’s contract, and I won’t be your agent anymore, we can still be friends privately." 
"Mhm, I know." 
"There’s also one more thing..." Just when Linda was about to hang up, she suddenly hesitated to say, "This time, the person who leaked the information seemed well-prepared. I checked it out, and the hot searches related to you were artificially boosted." 
"And just like before, there were a large number of online trolls controlling the comments in various forums, all targeting you uniformly." 
"So I think someone wants to bring you down on purpose. Have you thought about who it could be?"
###Chapter 957: Chapter 956: Someone said they want to expose her and teach her a lesson?
* 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna Lawrence immediately booked a flight to Closia. 
All the way, she kept thinking about the last sentence Linda had said to her. 
She also felt that someone was deliberately trying to mess with her this time. 
Every single item and sentence in the "InsiderV’s" exposé was targeting her. 
It seemed like he was exposing the so-called truth. 
But once those truths came out, it was clear that her fans wouldn’t let her go. 
The first person Joanna thought of was Lisha Alcock. 
That day, Lisha had brought sulfuric acid to find her, holding an attitude of going down together. 
One could imagine how deep her hatred for her was. 
Even if she didn’t succeed that day, it was not impossible that she was still seeking vengeance and had asked others to leak the information. 
According to Lisha’s hatred for her, it was highly possible. 
However, she felt that Linda seemed to know who was behind all this. 
But because of that person’s identity, she couldn’t say it out loud. 
If it was Lisha, Linda wouldn’t have been so cautious. 
But if it wasn’t Lisha, who could it be? 
Annie Lawrence? 
Recalling the events that happened at the restaurant, it seemed possible as well. 
Annie’s hatred for her was no less than Lisha’s. 
* 
On the other side. 
Heath Group building. 
After finishing a meeting, Ashton Heath saw Cody Aberton approaching him anxiously. 
"President Ashton, something’s wrong." Cody Aberton looked very anxious. He quickly said, "Ms. Joanna is in trouble." 
Ashton Heath’s footsteps halted, and his face changed instantly. 
"What happened to her?" His voice sounded calm, but the hand on his side was clenched into a fist, and the veins on the back of his hand bulged out. 
"Don’t worry, President Ashton, there’s no misunderstanding. Ms. Joanna is fine. It’s just that someone on the blog has exposed the truth about Maddox Allenson’s injury. Now she’s being attacked by the entire internet, and a large group of people are calling for her to leave the entertainment industry." 
Seeing Ashton Heath’s reaction, Cody Aberton quickly explained everything that had happened to Joanna on the internet. 
"Now the internet is full of people criticizing Ms. Joanna, and some even want to expose and teach her a lesson." 
Cody Aberton could clearly feel that as soon as he said this, the surrounding temperature dropped by at least ten degrees. 
It was midsummer, but he felt chills all over his body. 
It was so cold that he got goosebumps. 
"They want to expose her and teach her a lesson?" Ashton Heath’s voice sounded calm, but each word he spoke had an icy chill, making people shudder. 
Cody Aberton had been with him for so long; he knew this was a sign of his anger. 
Because these people had touched his bottom line. 
They dared to talk about exposing and disciplining Ms. Joanna. 
Could President Ashton not be angry? 
That female artist named Lisha Alcock was not let go by Ashton Heath just because she had done something harmful to Ms. Joanna. Even though the matter was eventually settled, Ashton Heath did not let her go. 
With one move, he directly sentenced her to death. 
Those who wanted to expose and discipline Ms. Joanna, were they not seeking their own death? 
"President Ashton, most of these people are probably just talking big. There are many internet trolls who like to brag, but in reality, they are just losers. There is no need to take their words seriously."
###Chapter 958: Chapter 957: I Want to See All Negative News Disappear
Cody Aberton frequently uses social media and is quite familiar with its various users. 
Most of Maddox Allenson’s fans are relatively young. 
These fans are impulsive, saying many things without thinking too much about them. 
When they talk about human flesh/search, it’s often just lip service. 
Cody thinks there’s no need to take it seriously. 
However, Ashton Heath apparently does, his face cold as he orders, "Find out who those people you just mentioned are immediately. I want to know all their information." 
"Yes, President Ashton. And after we find their information?" Cody says, silently mourning for those people in his heart. Once his boss decides to take action, they’re probably in for some bad luck. 
Sometimes, speaking recklessly is only momentarily enjoyable, but it can also have painful consequences after the fact. 
One should never speak carelessly. 
For example, speaking carelessly about Ms. Joanna, a woman with a very powerful husband, will result in not even knowing how to write the word "death." 
"Once you have their information," Ashton says with narrowed eyes and a flash of severity in his deep gaze, "let them taste the bitterness of being ’human flesh/searched’ themselves. You don’t need me to teach you how to do that." 
Cody quickly understands his intentions. 
He respectfully replies, "Yes, President Ashton, I will go do it right away." 
"What about the hot search topics about Ms. Joanna on the Blog?" 
"I’ll remove them immediately." 
"However, even if the topics are removed, new ones will likely appear soon," Cody thinks for a moment and says, "I’ve already looked into it. The leaks this time were targeted at Ms. Joanna." 
"The hot search topics quickly climbed the rankings, and many self-proclaimed insiders came forward with information that was very unfavorable to Ms. Joanna. Now, Maddox’s fans believe that even though Maddox was injured, Ms. Joanna didn’t care and they accuse her of being heartless." 
"This was also because someone claiming to be a hospital nurse said that Ms. Joanna never visited Maddox in the hospital." 
"This has provoked strong dissatisfaction among his fans." 
"Now, all of his fans have gone to HE Company’s official Blog to leave comments demanding they fire Ms. Joanna. Otherwise, they will boycott all the movies, TV series, and advertisements she appears in." 
Ashton’s handsome face seemed to be covered with a layer of frost, his voice icy: "What does HE Company say?" 
"HE Company hasn’t given any response yet." 
"Go investigate." Ashton’s gaze is cold and sharp, his lips tight. After a moment, he commands, "Find out who’s behind this, and make all the negative news disappear within an hour." 
"Yes, President Ashton!" 
"Also, if anyone dares to spread more negative news about Ms. Joanna, send them a lawyer’s letter and sue them." 
"Yes, President Ashton! But..." 
"Do you have any questions?" 
Cody hesitates before asking, "President Ashton, should we send the lawyer’s letter under Heath Group’s name? If so, how should we respond when people speculate about Ms. Joanna’s relationship with Heath Group?" 
After hesitating for a few seconds, he continues cautiously, "On the Blog, there are rumors that Ms. Joanna has found a sugar daddy. If we send a lawyer’s letter under Heath Group’s name..." 
Netizens will undoubtedly say that Joanna Lawrence has hooked up with a senior executive from Heath Group.
###Chapter 959: Chapter 958: Joanna is My Woman
Ashton Heath quickly understood his meaning. 
The man fell silent for a moment, his brows slightly furrowing. 
At such a time, he naturally hoped to help Joanna Lawrence sort things out under the Heath Group’s name. 
In this way, those who attacked her from behind the scenes would have something to fear. 
In the future, no one would dare to mess with her so easily. 
He even hoped he could stand by her side as her husband at a time like this, helping her withstand all harm and protect her. 
However, he had promised her. 
Before she graduated and within two years of her signing with a brokerage company, their relationship could not be exposed. 
Even if his heart was unwilling. 
What he had promised her had to be done. 
"Then don’t use Heath Group’s name. Contact HE Company and have them send a lawyer’s letter. If they ask about Joanna’s relationship with Heath Group, tell them that Joanna is my woman." 
He had only agreed not to publicize his relationship with Joanna Lawrence. 
It didn’t mean that in private, he had to hide their relationship too. 
At the right time, letting her brokerage company know who her support was would only benefit her and do no harm. 
It would make her brokerage company value her more. 
The reason why HE Company hadn’t responded yet was probably because they were considering whether it was worth spending energy and money on doing public relations for a newcomer. 
* 
Cody Aberton quickly went to handle the things Ashton Heath had entrusted him with. 
Once Heath Group’s Public Relations Department took action, within less than an hour, all the hot searches related to Joanna Lawrence on the Blog were completely removed. 
The related topics were also deleted. 
The online trolls controlling the comment sections were soon replaced by a new batch of trolls with larger numbers and higher quality. 
At the same time, the Entertainment Official Blog and the influential figures who had reposted the "InsiderV" blog all deleted the reposted one. 
Even the "InsiderV" blog itself was entirely deleted. 
A little while later, some netizens found out that "InsiderV" was not only deleted but also directly banned. 
As for the other netizens, they quickly realized they couldn’t find any content when they typed the words "Joanna Lawrence Maddox Allenson" into the search bar. 
These two names had become sensitive words. 
In less than an hour. 
All negative topics about Joanna Lawrence disappeared completely and thoroughly, as if the previous news related to her was just an illusion. 
Netizens were shocked. 
They exclaimed, "What the hell? Did the sugar daddy behind the scenes finally take action? Who is the Big Shot she’s clinging to? That’s so awesome!" 
Seeing the related topics being removed and even searching for Joanna’s name becoming a taboo, Maddox Allenson’s fans were even more infuriated. 
However, this time no matter how the fans tried to bring up the related topics, they couldn’t get on the hot search again. 
Enraged fans, seeing that they couldn’t make a scene on the Blog, organized a team to go to HE Company’s building to demand an explanation, saying they couldn’t let Joanna Lawrence off easily. 
As one of the main parties involved in the incident, Maddox Allenson posted a long blog after several hours of silence. 
In the long post, he confirmed that some of the things said by the "InsiderV" were true. 
He had decided to go abroad to study for a year while recovering from his injury because he was unable to continue working in his current condition. 
However, he vehemently denied the claim that Joanna had not cared for him afterward.
###Chapter 960: Chapter 959: Are These Vulgar Fans Also Called Top-Notch?
In the lengthy blog post, it was stated that Joanna Lawrence had accompanied him to the hospital at that time, and had taken care of him throughout the day. 
He also asked his fans to stay calm and not harm the innocent. 
Lisha Alcock was the one to blame, Joanna Lawrence had done nothing wrong. 
Furthermore, due to this injury, he could finally take a good rest for a year, which he didn’t consider as bad luck. 
He had been working non-stop for many years, he was tired and it was high time he took some rest. 
In this year, he wanted to consolidate himself and further improve. 
Finally, he reassured his fans not to worry about the injury on his hand, stating that his injury wasn’t as bad as the leaks suggested and he would slowly recover over time. 
With the release of this post, not only did the fans fail to let go of their hatred towards Joanna Lawrence, but the animosity intensified. 
Because their treasured idol not only got injured due to a woman named Joanna Lawrence but was also defending her, seemingly protecting her very much. 
All of this, wasn’t it confirming the previous rumors? 
The fans couldn’t accept that their idol would fall for a newcomer. 
Especially a newcomer who supposedly had a sugar daddy. 
Such a woman, where was she worthy of their perfect idol? 
Fans were leaving comments under Maddox Allenson’s blog post, urging him not to be fooled by Joanna Lawrence’s face and not to fall for such a dirty woman, no matter who he liked. 
There was even a fan who directly commented that if Maddox Allenson really liked Joanna Lawrence and ended up with her, she would commit suicide. 
* 
At the same time. 
Frank Parker was invited by Yannick Luther to go out to sea. Yannick brought a group of young and beautiful models and actors, all of them with white skin and beautiful faces, long legs, and curvaceous bodies, each more beautiful than the last. 
Yannick Luther was a player. 
In choosing women, he was also an expert. 
The women he chose were all the best among the beauties. 
Frank Parker was also a player in this respect. 
Although he had previously appeared to be devoted only to Rebecca Kelloway, he would still join the game when he needed to play. 
He was never truly faithful to Rebecca Kelloway. 
So every time there was such a gathering, Yannick Luther would invite him to join. 
But this time, Yannick Luther distinctly felt that his close friend was somewhat distracted. 
He brought over a bottle of red wine, bumped Frank Parker’s shoulder and raised an eyebrow at him: "Frank, what’s the matter? Are you troubled? Or are you not interested in the beauties I brought today?" 
"Aren’t these all your type? These newcomers are all top-notch, I’ve had a taste first, and they are not bad." 
Frank Parker turned his head, looked at him faintly and said: "Yannick, don’t you have any taste?" 
Yannick Luther: "" 
He looked confused: "Frank, what do you mean? Who are you calling tasteless?" 
Frank Parker simply rolled his eyes at him: "These vulgar women, you call them top-notch? Your aesthetics and taste are getting worse and worse. Take them all if you like them, I’m not interested." 
Yannick Luther: "" 
He widened his eyes with a ghost-like expression: "Frank, you can’t be serious. Did you get some kind of shock? You can’t just say something so against your heart just because you and that kid Rebecca had a quarrel and are feeling upset." 
"The group of women I found this time, each and every one of them is top-notch, whether it’s their face or figure, they are all real deals. You’re actually calling them vulgar?" 
"Didn’t you use to like this sort of women?"
###Chapter 961: Chapter 960: Don’t ever mention her again in front of me
Yannick Luther had always been very confident in his taste of women. 
But now someone said that the women he brought were vulgar and unrefined, and he couldn’t bear it. 
Moreover, the person who said this was Frank Parker, which was very strange. 
These young models he brought were all according to Sean Parker’s taste, each one had a thin waist, large chest, long legs, and a beautiful buttocks. They were absolutely one in a hundred, top-notch. So how did they become vulgar? 
Sean Parker’s taste wasn’t that high before. 
When Frank heard him mention Rebecca Kelloway, his face darkened slightly, and his aura turned several degrees colder. 
Yannick noticed and glanced at him thoughtfully, frowning, "Frank, you and Rebecca... What’s going on between you two? How did you guys have a conflict all of a sudden? Didn’t you always dote on her? How could you bear having a conflict with her?" 
"This is the first time, isn’t it? What happened?" 
Yannick was extremely curious about this matter. 
It wouldn’t be strange for Frank Parker to have a conflict with anyone. 
Only having a conflict with Rebecca Kelloway was not just strange, it was especially peculiar. 
How much Frank favored and liked Rebecca, they, as his friends, could see clearly. 
Though Frank Parker, like Yannick, enjoyed partying and indulging in his private life, he didn’t give up on everything just because he liked a woman. Yet, there was one distinct difference between them. 
Yannick had no concerns weighing on his heart, so he liked to party and could do so without any strings attached.
There were no psychological burdens. 
But Frank only partyied because of his unrequited love. 
He liked Rebecca, but Rebecca didn’t like him. 
His feelings were not reciprocated, so he would party with others. 
If Rebecca liked him too, and was willing to be with him, his emotional state wouldn’t be like it is now. 
Frank Parker may lead a wild life, but Rebecca always held first place in his heart. 
So under these circumstances, it was strange that he would actually have a conflict with her. 
"It’s nothing," Frank obviously didn’t want to say more. 
Yannick, "... I asked her, and she just cried without saying anything. I ask you, and you don’t want to talk. What’s going on between you two? It’s so mysterious that not even I can know?" 
"Speaking of which, what are your intentions towards her? Now that Ashton is married too, she should gradually give up hope. Have you ever thought about trying again? I think this time, you have a great chance." 
Aside from Ashton Heath, Frank Parker was undeniably Rebecca Kelloway’s best choice. 
Whether in terms of their personal qualities or family background, no one else could match them. 
Most importantly, Rebecca would never find another man who loved and valued her like Frank Parker did. 
"Don’t mention her in front of me again. There is no possibility between her and me." Frank’s expression was indifferent. 
"What?" Yannick was taken aback, "Frank, you can’t be serious. What’s going on between you two? You have to tell me. Why can’t I mention her again? It’s like you’re going to cut ties with her for good." 
"Could it be that you’ve already confessed to her, she rejected you again, and that’s why you’ve given up on her completely?" 
Seeing Frank’s gloomy and listless appearance, Yannick thought this possibility was very likely.
###Chapter 962: Chapter 961: Get away from me
More than likely, it’s just as he said. 
Even if a man likes a woman a lot, after experiencing disappointment and setback time and time again, there will come a day when he wants to let go. 
How long can anyone persist in something for which they see no hope, no matter how much they like it? 
Frank Parker had persevered for many years, which was already quite enduring. 
Now, he might just be tired. 
Frank Parker presses his lips tightly, facing the sea surface with a stern expression, his voice extremely indifferent, "Anyway, from now on, she and I are almost strangers. Don’t mention her to me, I don’t want to hear anything related to her." 
"...Alright." 
Yannick Luther nods with a face full of "I understand" while saying, "I know, from now on... I’ll try not to mention her in front of you. But, are you really going to become strangers? It’s a bit of a shame for so many years of affection to be lost like that." 
"I don’t know." 
Frank Parker squints his eyes, "At least for now, I don’t want to see her again." 
Every time he looks at Rebecca Kelloway, he will remember that she deceived him. 
He cannot help but mind it. 
But with so many years of friendship, and the Kelloway family and the Parker family being close for generations, he cannot do anything to Rebecca Kelloway. 
He cannot punish her, and he cannot forgive her either... 
So, he might as well not see her at all. 
At least, when he doesn’t see her, he won’t remember that she deceived him. 
"Since you’re not in a good mood, you should go out and relax," said Yannick Luther, calling over a young model who stood not far behind him. When the girl came over, he signaled her with his eyes to go and accompany Frank Parker. 
The young model looked at Frank Parker’s handsome and delicate face, her heart racing and her cheeks blushing instantly. She walked over to him with a bit of infatuation in her eyes, and said in a sweet voice, "Mr. Parker, what’s the point of drinking alone? Let Sarah accompany you." 
Accompanying these affluent offspring with money, power, and good looks is a win for the young models. 
Especially when the affluent offspring are on the level of Frank Parker and Yannick Luther, their looks are comparable to those of celebrities. 
It’s much, much better than the tacky and overweight tycoons they used to accompany in the past. 
Although these young models can’t be their official girlfriends because of their status, if they can hook up a long-term lover, that’s still a win. 
After all, these two are famous for being generous in their circles. 
Who would have thought that the young model stopped before even reaching Frank Parker, scared off by his cold eyes. 
She fearfully called out, "Mr. Parker..." 
There was no warmth in Frank Parker’s eyes, and he looked disgusted as he said to her, "Get out of here, and stay away from me." 
The young model, who wanted to really seduce him, was scared and turned pale before she could even make her move. She trembled uncontrollably, fearing that Frank Parker’s temper had flared up. 
Everyone knew that the young master of the Parker family was wealthy, powerful, and handsome, making him the perfect lover for many women. 
Unfortunately, no one is perfect. 
Just his temper alone made many people afraid of him. 
When his temper flared, even he couldn’t control his emotions, which sounded terrifying. 
Yannick Luther waved his hand to let the shivering young model leave after seeing her frightened state. 
The young model who initially wanted to hook up with Frank Parker turned around with a horrified face and left quickly. 
After the young model was gone, Yannick Luther frowned and said to Frank Parker, "Frank, look how you scared her just now."
###Chapter 963: Chapter 962: Do you really... have those thoughts about your sister-in-law?
"So, are you really not in the mood to play, or do you just think they’re all tasteless and vulgar, and not worth your time?" 
Frank Parker said without emotion, "You should change your taste." 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
"Isn’t this what you like? I picked these according to your preferences. Now you’re telling me to change my taste? Frank, have your preferences changed? You don’t like these spicy girls anymore?" 
Frank Parker still looked at him emotionlessly and didn’t say anything. 
"Really changed your taste?" Yannick said "Wow" and then looked at him suspiciously, "So, what type do you like now?" 
What type does he like? 
Frank opened his mouth but before he could answer, a delicate and clear figure appeared in his mind. 
Then, the face of that figure slowly emerged and gradually became clearer in his mind. 
His heart skipped a beat in that instant. 
When the words came to his lips, he couldn’t bring himself to say them. 
He knew very well what type he liked. 
However, it was a name he couldn’t say. 
Seeing the changing expressions on his face and his hesitation to speak, Yannick’s complexion changed, and he suddenly put his hand on his shoulder, embracing him and saying seriously, "Frank, is it possible that those rumors about you are true?" 
Frank’s eyes slightly flickered, and he pretended to be confused: "What are you talking about, what rumors?" 
The look on Yannick’s face became more serious, and he lowered his voice, "The rumors about you and Joanna. No one else is here now, tell me honestly, do you have any feelings for Joanna...?" 
Yannick remembered that time at the karaoke bar. 
At that time, Frank’s reaction did seem a bit odd. 
But he hadn’t thought much of it back then. 
After all, Frank had always acted hostile towards Joanna, so who could have thought about it in that way? 
But now... 
Seeing his strange appearance and considering the rumors that surfaced recently, Yannick felt that the gossip might not be unfounded. 
He knew Frank well. 
When Frank defended Joanna on the blog, he had behaved quite peculiarly. 
Besides, Joanna was as beautiful as a fairy. 
Even he had once been tempted by thoughts he shouldn’t have had. 
If Joanna hadn’t married Ashton Heath, he would have pursued her long ago. 
So, it wasn’t entirely inconceivable that Frank would be attracted to Joanna. 
"No," Frank averted his face, looking unnatural and hastily denied it. 
Yannick’s heart sank as he watched him, "Frank, do you really have... that kind of thought toward Joanna?" 
"No!" Frank seemed a little angry, he turned his head, and his low voice was filled with suppressed rage, "Yannick, what the hell is wrong with you? I’ve already said no, why do you keep asking?" 
Yannick solemnly watched Frank’s angry and embarrassed appearance, and he already had a good idea of the truth. 
Frank kept denying it. 
But as long-time friends, if he couldn’t tell whether his words were true or false, then their brotherly bond would be a sham. 
Yannick didn’t expose him, and after a moment of silence, he said with a deep tone, "Frank, you know what kind of person Ashton is. I hope I’m just overthinking it; otherwise, it would be meaningless for you guys to end up as enemies over a girl and not even be able to be brothers anymore." 
"We promised to be brothers for life."
Frank pursed his lips and remained silent with a sullen face.
###Chapter 964: Chapter 963: Has Frank Found Someone?
Yannick Luther’s implication was something that Frank Parker could not possibly miss. 
He was reminding him not to do what he should not do. 
"Yannick..." 
A young model walked over to Yannick Luther with a twist of her waist, and after reaching his side, she stretched out her hand to hold his arm and said sweetly, "Why are you ignoring me? I’m so bored on my own." 
"Exactly." 
Another young model walked over, unwilling to be outdone, and reached out to hold Yannick Luther’s other arm. Her voice was even sweeter and more coquettish, "Yannick, come play with us! Without you, we’re so bored." 
Yannick Luther had an expression of utter enjoyment on his face, as he enjoyed the feeling of being embraced by them from both sides. He reached out and pinched one of the model’s soft, white cheeks and said with a smile, "See this man beside me? If you can make him happy today, I’ll give you a sports car each." 
Hearing that there were sports cars to be won, the eyes of the two young models lit up instantly. 
But when they looked at Frank Parker’s cold and unfriendly expression, they became a little frightened. 
Yannick Luther glanced at the two young models and raised his eyebrows, "What? A sports car isn’t enough to move you?" 
"No, it’s not that..." The young model wanted to give it a try, but as soon as she caught sight of Frank Parker’s icy gaze, she shrank back in fear and said, "Yannick, doesn’t Mr. Parker already have someone? I’m afraid he wouldn’t be interested in someone like us." 
"Hmm?" 
Yannick Luther raised his eyebrows with a look of curiosity on his face, "Frank has someone? Who is it? How come I don’t know about it?" 
The young model mustered her courage to glance at Frank Parker, before quickly averted her gaze, "Everyone in the circle knows who Mr. Parker’s new favorite is. Mr. Parker treats her so well; we’re so envious. The thing that happened today with Mr. Parker getting angry for a beautiful woman made everyone even more envious." 
"Yeah, when Mr. Parker made his move, it was simply too cool." The other young model took the opportunity to bootlick, "That little newcomer is really lucky to be valued so highly by Mr. Parker. All the sisters in the circle are very envious of her."
All the while showing little response, Frank Parker suddenly turned his head and stared straight at the model who had just spoken. 
"The person you just mentioned, who is she? What happened to her?" 
The young model, who had suddenly been stared down by Frank, couldn’t help but shiver when she met his long, narrow eyes filled with coldness. She leaned towards Yannick Luther in fear, "Mr. Parker, you know who we’re talking about. Is your new favorite not the little newcomer Joanna Lawrence?" 
As soon as the young model’s words were uttered, Yannick Luther’s face changed instantly. 
He pushed the young model away with a hand and his face turned cold as he scolded her harshly, "What nonsense are you talking about? Who told you that Frank’s new favorite is her?" 
The young model’s face turned frightfully pale, and she looked at him trembling in fear, "Everyone, everyone is saying it." 
"Everyone is saying it?" Yannick Luther’s face darkened, and he frowned, "What’s that thing about him getting angry for a beautiful woman?" 
The young model had only heard the gossip from others. 
Frightened by both Yannick Luther and Frank Parker’s dark expressions, she immediately recounted Joanna Lawrence being attacked by Maddox Allenson’s fans online. 
Yannick Luther listened quietly. 
Frank Parker’s face grew darker and darker as he listened to it. 
After the young model had finished speaking, Frank narrowed his eyes and said to Yannick Luther with a serious face, "I have to go back right away. I have something to do, and I can’t accompany you today."
###Chapter 965: Chapter 964: What on earth did she do to offend you?
Yannick Luther frowned, "Frank, what are you trying to do?" 
"You don’t need to know." Frank Parker clenched his fists and a cold glint appeared in his eyes, "I know what you’re worried about and I have it under control. Second, let me say it again, go back right now!" 
* 
An hour later. 
Frank Parker got off the yacht and received the messages sent by his subordinates. 
As he read through all the messages, his face grew darker and his eyes colder. 
He called Rebecca Kelloway. 
Soon, she answered the call. 
Rebecca seemed very surprised, "Frank, is that you?" 
Frank Parker paused for a few seconds before speaking indifferently, "Yes, it’s me." 
"It’s really you," Rebecca’s voice was filled with delight and excitement, "Frank, did you call me for something? Do you know, when I saw your name on the Caller ID, I was so happy. I thought you would never call me again." 
"Frank, can we meet? I want to talk to you about that day’s incident. I know you’re still angry with me, and I know you won’t forgive me easily. But can you give me a chance to make amends, for the sake of our many years of friendship?" 
"Ever since we parted that day, I suddenly realized that I can’t live without you." 
As she spoke, her voice choked with emotion, "These days, you’ve been ignoring me. You won’t pick up my calls or reply to my messages. I’m really not used to you treating me like this." 
"In the past, you would always answer my call immediately and reply instantly to my messages. Frank, you’ve spoiled me for so many years. Suddenly treating me so coldly makes me feel worse than death." 
"Is there really no way for us to go back to how we were?" 
As he listened to her crying on the phone and thought about their interactions over the years, Frank Parker couldn’t help but soften. 
Just as he was about to give in and comfort her, he suddenly remembered the message he had just seen and instantly sobered up. 
"You said you wanted to meet just now, right? Fine, let’s meet." 
On the other end, Rebecca hesitated before exclaiming in joy, "Really? You’re really willing to meet with me? Great, Frank, I’ll come to find you right away. Let’s meet at the usual place. I’ll be there in half an hour." 
"Alright." 
After Frank Parker responded, he hung up the phone. 
He opened the message his subordinate had sent him again. 
The message contained only two words: Rebecca Kelloway. 
* 
Half an hour later. 
Frank Parker arrived at the agreed-upon place. 
The waiter respectfully led him to the private room that Rebecca had booked. 
Rebecca had arrived early, and when he pushed open the door, he saw her already sitting inside. 
Seeing Frank Parker enter, she stood up excitedly, her eyes slightly red, and whispered, "Frank, you’re here." 
Frank Parker nodded indifferently. 
The waiter closed the door. 
With eyes still red, Rebecca Kelloway took a step forward and reached out to grab Frank Parker’s hand, "Frank, I..." 
Frank Parker calmly moved aside and avoided her outstretched hand, "Rebecca, let’s get to the point."
He raised his narrow, delicate eyes, devoid of their usual warmth and affection, and coldly asked, "Why did you do that? What on earth did she do to offend you? Why do you keep picking on her relentlessly?"
###Chapter 966: Chapter 965: I Just Want Her Dead
Rebecca Kelloway was taken aback, her eyes wide open in surprise, "Frank, what do you mean?" 
Frank Parker look firmly at her, "Those exposes on the internet today, you bought the information and let it out, didn’t you? Rebecca, you should know Ashton better than I do, and if I can discover this, so can he." 
"Have you ever thought about the consequences once Ashton finds out you’re one who did this?" 
"What purpose does it serve you to do so? His heart is not with you, no matter what you do, it will not change." 
There was a look of panic in Rebecca’s eyes. 
She looked at Frank Parker in disbelief and shock. "Did you investigate me? Did you ask me out today because of this? Frank Parker, are you really attracted to that woman, Joanna Lawrence?" 
Frank looked at her calmly. "I just want to tell you to know when to stop. You know Ashton’s character. Aren’t you afraid that he might really turn against you if you keep challenging his patience like this?" 
"I believe he probably already knows who is the mastermind behind this. Rebecca, back off and don’t push things too far. In the end, it will do you no good." 
An hour ago, Frank Parker found out who was behind the leak. 
He knew Rebecca Kelloway was jealous of Joanna Lawrence. 
In the past, he could turn a blind eye and ignore these things. 
However, now he had to deal with it. 
Even if the person was Rebecca, he could not allow her to harm his lifesaver.
"So, is that why you were looking for me, because of Joanna Lawrence? Rebecca’s face turned dark and rage twinkled in her eyes, "Frank Parker, have you fallen for that siren too?" 
"What do you mean? Are you implying that you’re trying to protect her?" 
"Yes, I don’t like her, I want to harm her. You’ve always known that I didn’t like her, and you never said anything before. So, now, when you know that she saved you that night and it wasn’t me, you suddenly fall for her and can’t stand me targeting her anymore?" 
"However, I dislike her, can’t stand her, and don’t want her to live a good life. I will continue to do the same in the future. How are you going to stop me?" She pushed Frank as she became more agitated. 
Frank didn’t move, he let her give him a shove. 
He lowered his head, his cold eyes gazing at her. Disappointment flashed in his eyes. "I always thought I knew you best, but now I realize I was wrong. Rebecca, do you know what you look like now?" 
Rebecca locked eyes with him, her body stiffened, she clenched her fists, "Frank Parker, cut the crap. It’s funny you say that you don’t know me now. Just because the person who saved you that night wasn’t me, now suddenly you don’t know me anymore?" 
"Whatever I do is a mistake now, huh." 
The disappointment in Frank’s eyes deepened, "It has nothing to do with what happened that night. I respect the many years of our friendship, that’s why we are having this meeting. Anyway, you should take care of yourself." 
With that, Frank turned around, ready to leave. 
"Frank Parker, stop right there!" 
Seeing him leave, Rebecca rushed in front of him and grabbed his hand, "You haven’t answered my question. Have you fallen for Joanna? You have, haven’t you? Otherwise, why would you help her?"
###Chapter 967: Chapter 966: You Are No Different from Other Men
"Why would you say these things to me for her?" 
"In the end, even you will leave me because of that siren." As she said this, her eyes were filled with intense hatred, grinding her teeth. 
Joanna Lawrence, it’s always Joanna Lawrence. 
Why did the damn woman who stole the man she loved the most not only succeed but now also wanted to snatch away the only person who cared about her? 
Was she going to take everything from her before she was satisfied? 
She really hated her. 
She had never hated anyone so much before. 
Ever since she was a child, she had been the one everyone doted on and pampered. She was Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family, and from the moment she was born, her status allowed her to live as she pleased. 
Anything she wanted, she could easily obtain. 
It could be said that in her twenties, the only setbacks and misfortunes she had encountered were brought to her by Ashton Heath. 
Apart from that, she could get whatever she wanted. 
But now... 
Her life had become a mess because of that damn woman Joanna Lawrence. 
She was just a slut from small households. What right did she have to compete with her! 
Was she on par with her? 
Aside from that siren’s face, what else did the slut have? 
Was that face so important? 
She once believed the men by her side were different, at least not the kind of superficial men who would only judge by appearance. 
But to her surprise, it turned out that all men were the same in this world. 
All a woman needed was a pretty face, and she could get everything she wanted. 
Ashton Heath was like this. 
Frank Parker was the same. 
The two men who seemed so different in her eyes turned out to be so shallow. 
Was a face really that important? 
Comparing their conditions, she was way better than that little slut Joanna Lawrence. 
However, she liked Ashton Heath for more than twenty years, but in the end, he didn’t choose her. 
He would rather have a flash marriage with a woman he barely knew than accept her. 
Now, the man who had been by her side and repeatedly claimed he would be good to her for a lifetime swiftly changed his heart. 
Years of feelings amounted to nothing in front of a siren’s face. 
"Frank Parker, I never thought you’d be such a shallow man." Rebecca, infuriated, feeling her self-esteem deeply hurt, couldn’t help but mock angrily, "You also fancy that siren, right?" 
"What do you like about her? Is it her siren face, or do you enjoy the thrill of coveting your brother’s wife? You really don’t discriminate, fancying other people’s wives. I never knew you had such weird fetishes before." 
Rebecca’s words were harsh. 
She couldn’t accept that she’d lost to a woman who was inferior to her in every way. 
The man she loved and the man who loved her were both snatched away by the same woman. 
And this woman was the type of woman she despised the most.
Arrogant as she was, how could she tolerate losing to such a woman? 
Seeing Frank’s darkening expression, she felt angrier and bitter, and her words became more cutting: "It’s laughable that I trusted your promises in the past, thinking you’d really be good to me for a lifetime and only like me." 
"Turns out, you’re no different from other men. Pretending to be deeply affectionate and devoted all these years must’ve been hard on you." 
"Pretending to be deeply affectionate and devoted?" Frank finally couldn’t help but sneer, "No matter how well I pretend, how could I compare to you? Yes, I did promise you I would be good to you for a lifetime and take care of you."
###Chapter 968: Chapter 967: I said... I think I’m starting to like you
"But at that time, I thought I owed you my life." 
"So taking care of you and being good to you were things I should do. You deceived me, and now you want me to fulfill my past promises? Rebecca Kelloway, don’t you think your request is too much?" 
"Am I too much?" Facing his cold and distant eyes, Rebecca felt as if her heart was being stabbed, a mixture of pain and bitterness. 
Her tears couldn’t help but flow: "Frank Parker, the one who is too much is you! I would rather you never treated me well, than to be like this now. You don’t know how painful it is for me." 
"Your sudden indifference to me, like a stranger, I really can’t accept it." 
Getting used to a person’s kindness. 
Losing it one day is a deadly torment and pain. 
Even if she didn’t love Frank Parker. 
She couldn’t stand his sudden indifference to her either. 
Frank Parker pursed his lips, looking at her tearful face, his heart still feeling a bit unbearable. 
He had taken care of Rebecca Kelloway for so many years. 
It was impossible to not have any feelings at all. 
She, who had always been strong, shed tears in front of him again and again, and his heart couldn’t possibly be unmoved. 
Even if she had deceived him. 
All these years of love couldn’t just disappear. 
But, he was also very clear, he could not forgive her now. 
He couldn’t get over that hurdle in his heart. 
Since he couldn’t get over it, he didn’t want to give her any hope either. 
"You’ll get used to it." Frank Parker turned his face away, pushing her away with his hand, "In this world, there’s no one who can’t live without someone else. Besides, I’m not that important to you." 
"No, it’s not like that, Frank..." Rebecca reached out, trying to grab him. 
She wanted to tell him it wasn’t like he said. 
She had also always thought he wasn’t that important to her. 
But after losing contact with him these few days, she realized that he had already occupied a very important, very important position in her heart. 
Much more important than she had imagined. 
These few days, her mind was full of him. 
Opening her eyes it was him, and closing her eyes it was still him. 
She frantically called and texted him, hoping for a response from him. 
She was truly afraid, very afraid that he would ignore her completely and treat her as a stranger from now on. 
She also discovered a very terrifying and unexpected thing. 
Over these few days, she hadn’t thought of Ashton Heath even once. 
This man, who she had been obsessed with for more than twenty years and loved for more than twenty years, had disappeared from her world for several days. 
This would have been absolutely impossible in the past. 
She didn’t dare to think about what this meant. 
She had only one thought in her heart now, and that was to keep Frank Parker in her life. 
She didn’t want him to leave her world. 
"Frank, you are very important to me, I really can’t live without you." Rebecca held his arm tightly, not letting him go, and humbly pleaded, "Please, can you not leave me? I can change if I’m wrong. I take back what I just said. I know you still like me, don’t you? Frank, I suddenly realized something these past few days. I, I found out that I seem... I seem to have fallen in love with you." 
Frank Parker’s body stiffened, he lowered his head, and looked at her in shock. 
There was disbelief in his eyes: "What did you say?!" 
Rebecca lifted her head, her eyes brimming with tears, and looked at him: "I said... I seem to have fallen in love with you. Frank, didn’t you say you would marry me? Should we be together?"
###Chapter 969: Chapter 968: Have You Never Liked Me?
Although, although I don’t know what will happen in the future, I want to be with you now." 
She grabbed his hand tightly, looking pitifully at him, "Didn’t you say you wanted me to be your girlfriend? Let’s be together now. Please?" 
"The person you like is Ashton." After a moment of bewilderment, Frank Parker’s face returned to normal, disregarding her pleas and resistance, forcibly prying her hand away. "Rebecca Kelloway, there is no need to resort to this method to keep me." 
"You don’t care about me. You can’t bear the thought of me leaving you right now, just because you’re used to my kindness and my constant presence by your side. But this is just a dependence cultivated over time, not genuine affection."
"Any habit or dependence can gradually fade with time." 
"No." Rebecca shook her head desperately, "It’s not like that, Frank, I really... " 
"I don’t care what you think. Rebecca Kelloway, we can’t be together." Frank cut her off coldly, sounding very decisive, leaving her with no hope. "During this period, not only have you realized some things, but I have as well. I always thought I liked you, so I wanted to be with you, marry you, and make you my wife. That way, I could take care of you for the rest of my life." 
Rebecca’s eyes widened suddenly, her tear-streaked face turning pale, "What are you trying to say?" 
Frank stared at her, hesitated for a few seconds, then finally spoke up, "I have come to realize that I have never truly liked you. My feelings for you aren’t that of romantic love." 
Rebecca’s face turned deathly pale in an instant. 
"What did you say? Frank Parker, are you telling me that you have never liked me?" 
Frank paused for a moment, his eyes filled with apology, "I think... that’s how it is." 
Back then, they were young, and he mistook his gratitude toward her as affection. 
Although he had doubts in the meantime, he still wanted to take care of her and treat her well. 
No matter what, she had saved his life once. 
Rebecca’s face had already lost all its color, turning a ghostly pale. 
She shook her head desperately, "It’s impossible, impossible!" 
How could he have never liked her? 
He must be saying these things out of anger. 
Because she lied to him, because she suspected he had fallen for Joanna Lawrence, so he was angry at her. 
That’s why he intentionally said these things to hurt her. 
Yes, that’s it. 
He must be saying these things out of anger, she absolutely refused to believe that he had never liked her. 
He had always been so good to her, so caring, how could he have never liked her? 
Frank Parker looked at her calmly, "When we were young, we didn’t understand what it meant to like someone. That’s why we mistook gratitude for affection. Now that we have come to understand, we should make things clear." 
"Enough!" Rebecca covered her face, weeping in anguish, "Don’t say anything more, I don’t want to hear it anymore. Frank Parker, how can you be so cruel to me? How can you?" 
Frank watched her quietly for a moment, "If you are willing to let this go and not target Joanna Lawrence anymore, I can try to put in a word for you with Ashton. Rebecca Kelloway, you can’t force love, there is no need to keep insisting." 
"You should give up, let go of Ashton and Joanna, and let go of yourself."
###Chapter 970: Chapter 969: He Has Long Seen What Your True Nature Is Like
Those words further infuriated Rebecca Kelloway. 
She lifted her tear-streaked face and, with an ugly look, her eyes filled with intense hatred, gritted her teeth, and warned, "You want me to stop? That bitch took everything I had and startlingly you want me to stop now?" 
"Do you have any idea how much I hate her now?" 
"You..." Frank Parker frowned. 
"I sincerely wish she drops dead now!" Rebecca Kelloway, deranged by the intense hatred, looked horrifying, "I will never let her off, she doesn’t deserve the happiness she is in. She took everything that was rightfully mine. If she makes me suffer every day, I won’t let her have a good life either." 
"She didn’t take anything from you. It was Ashton’s decision to be with her, to marry her. How is this her fault?" Frank looked at her with a gradually chilling expression, his eyes turned cold. 
He disregarded the past relations and warned sharply, "If you insist on going against her, I will no longer stand by. Rebecca Kelloway, even if we can no longer be friends, I don’t wish to become enemies." 
"Don’t force me." 
Rebecca looked at him incredulously. She stared at him, her lips formed a scornful smile, her eyes gleamed maliciously: "Frank Parker, all those high-sounding words you said earlier, have you finally revealed your true thoughts now?" 
"You are a hypocrite. You could have just said that you have fallen for that little bitch. You had to come up with so many grand reasons for your change of heart." 
"Heh, men are all the same, there’s not a single good one." 
Frank’s expression hardened, "So, this is the real upbringing and manners of Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family. I see. No wonder you couldn’t be my savior that night. She is an angel-like girl, and you... " 
"I must have been blind to mistake you two." 
"She is so beautiful, and you..." 
For the first time, Frank’s eyes revealed a look of disgust, "Do you know why Ashton doesn’t like you?" 
Rebecca turned pale and gritted her teeth, "Frank, you..." 
Frank glanced at her with disgust and said, "I think, he is smarter than me. He saw your true colors long ago, while I was fooled by you all these years." 
As his words fell, all Rebecca’s face went completely white. 
Having said this, Frank didn’t stay a second and turned around to leave. 
* 
The HE Company. 
Linda was called back by Garret Twain while she was out. 
She knocked on the door, walked in when she heard the response. 
As soon as she entered, she saw Garret approaching her in a hurry, "Linda, have you spoken about the contract termination with Joanna Lawrence?" 
Linda looked at him in a questioning tone, "Yes, I did. Wasn’t it you who asked me to discuss the contract termination with her? Mr. Twain, I understand Ms. Rebecca is not someone we can offend. You too want the company to terminate the contract with Joanna Lawrence as soon as possible. But there’s no need to be so anxious." 
"After all, if the termination is delayed by a day, is Ms. Rebecca going to eat you up?"
###Chapter 971: Chapter 970: What do you mean? Not terminating the contract?
Upon hearing her words, Garret Twain’s face immediately changed, becoming even more anxious: "You already told her?" 
"Of course I did." Although Linda understood his helplessness, she was still a bit unhappy and her tone wasn’t very good. "Mr. Tucker, you made the matter sound so serious, how could I not say something? The moment I left your office, I called her and told her about the termination of the contract." 
"We agreed to have dinner together tonight to discuss this matter in person." 
"If Mr. Tucker is worried that I can’t handle this matter well, you can find someone you trust to handle it." 
"That’s not what I meant." When Garret heard that she had already discussed the termination of the contract with Joanna Lawrence, his face showed a worried expression and he quickly said, "What I meant is, if the termination of the contract hasn’t been settled yet, then don’t terminate it." 
"Mr. Tucker?" Linda was stunned, looking at him in surprise and confusion. "What do you mean? Not terminating it?" 
Garret quickly nodded: "Right, no termination." 
Linda: "..." 
"Mr. Tucker, didn’t you say that this was Ms. Rebecca’s intention? Aren’t you afraid of offending Ms. Rebecca?" 
Linda was well aware of the influence of the Kelloway family. 
It was quite normal for Garret to be cautious. 
Indeed, she wasn’t someone he could afford to offend. 
Looking at the entire Closia, there were very few people who dared to offend the Kelloway family.
So even though she was unhappy about the termination, she could understand Garret’s position. 
If she were Garret, she wouldn’t dare to offend Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family for a newcomer. 
Even if that newcomer had great potential and outstanding abilities. 
But now, he suddenly changed his mind and said not to terminate the contract?! 
"Ahem, ahem." Garret covered his mouth, lightly coughed twice, and concealed the embarrassment on his face. "At that time, where would I know that the newcomer had such a powerful backing? How come you didn’t tell me? If you had told me, I wouldn’t have thought about terminating the contract." 
Linda became even more confused: "Mr. Tucker, what do you mean? Are you saying that Joanna has a very powerful connection behind her? Why didn’t I know about this?" 
Garret was even willing to risk offending Ms. Rebecca of the Kelloway family and change his mind to not terminate the contract with Joanna Lawrence. Apparently, the powerful connection he mentioned must be someone more formidable than Ms. Rebecca. 
Could it be... 
Thinking of someone, Linda’s face changed slightly and she instantly became curious: "Mr. Tucker, are you talking about the young master of the Parker family?" 
Although the Kelloway family, White family, Parker family, and Heath family were collectively referred to as the four great families of Closia, 
in terms of wealth and power, the Kelloway family was still inferior to the Parker family. 
Moreover, that young master of the Parker family was the sole heir to the Parker Group in the future. 
That was something Ms. Rebecca couldn’t compare with. 
Rumor had it that although Ms. Rebecca was favored, the Kelloway Group would not be handed down to her in the future. 
The most she could expect was to receive some shares. 
She couldn’t compare to the young master of the Parker family who could take full control. 
If she had to choose between the two to offend, Linda would also choose Ms. Rebecca if she were Garret. 
Linda believed that it must be Frank Parker. 
Previously, Frank Parker had defended Joanna Lawrence on the blog, and later the two were involved in a scandal. It seemed that Frank Parker was interested in Joanna Lawrence. 
Who would have thought that Garret would shake his head and say, "Not him. You definitely can’t imagine who it is, I didn’t expect it either, so I was very surprised at the time."
###Chapter 972: Chapter 971: She is Heath Night Department’s Girlfriend
"Not Mr. Parker? Then who is it? Don’t keep me in suspense." Linda really couldn’t think of anyone else. 
Instead of answering her question, Garret Twain asked her seriously, "Linda, does Joanna Lawrence have a boyfriend?" 
Linda hesitated for a moment, then nodded. "Yes. She told me about it before signing the contract. I thought it wouldn’t be a problem as long as it wasn’t made public, so I didn’t tell you about it." 
"Have you seen her boyfriend?" 
"I have." Speaking of this person, Linda had a very deep impression and couldn’t help but praise him, "He looks great and has a really good temperament. If Joanna hadn’t told me he wasn’t interested in the entertainment industry, I would’ve signed them both." 
"Not to brag, but his appearance is better than any current male artist in the industry." 
Garret Twain’s mouth twitched, "You don’t even know who her boyfriend is, and you want to sign him. If you can sign him, I’ll break my head and let you sit on it as a stool." 
Linda: "..." 
"She said her boyfriend runs a small business." 
"Cough cough cough." Garret Twain couldn’t help but almost burst out laughing, "A small business? If the President of the Heath Group is running a small business, then I guess no one will dare say they do big businesses." 
"Wh-What?" Linda was stunned, and after a while, she slowly reacted, "President of the Heath Group? Mr. Tucker, are you saying Joanna’s boyfriend is the President of the Heath Group?!" 
Garret Twain nodded, and as he looked at her shocked face, like she had seen an alien creature, he took a deep breath and said slowly, "The newcomer you signed is the girlfriend of the President of the Heath Group. And President Ashton is very serious about her, even personally calling me and revealing his identity." 
"He said that because of her profession, they have temporarily decided not to go public. So we need to issue a statement and sue the relevant blog accounts. The newcomer you signed is hiding quite deep, her boyfriend is such an incredible person, but she has been suppressing it and didn’t tell you." 
"No wonder every time she gets into a scandal, our PR side hasn’t even started to act, and those scandals miraculously disappeared. It turns out that it was her boyfriend who helped her settle those matters." 
"Tsk, no wonder Lisha Alcock died so miserably. Who can survive after offending the girlfriend of the President of the Heath Group." 
Linda still hadn’t fully come to her senses from the shock she had experienced earlier. 
She found it too incredible. 
Joanna’s ’small business’ boyfriend is actually the President of the Heath Group?! 
That’s considered small business?! 
The whole economy of Australand is under his control, and this is still called small business?! 
She remembered that at the time, when she first saw the man, she felt he had an extraordinary presence, unlike an ordinary person. 
Otherwise, how could Annie have secretly harbored thoughts of hooking up with him? 
That was an extremely ambitious woman. 
"She is the girlfriend of the President of the Heath Group; we cannot terminate our contract with her." Garret Twain’s calculations were loud and clear, "Even if we don’t have a chance to cooperate with the Heath Group in the future, it’s still a win-win situation to be friends with her boyfriend and get to know him." 
"Not to mention, with his girlfriend signed to our company, he won’t hesitate to smash investments." 
Garret Twain felt more and more delighted as he spoke, unable to suppress the smile on his lips, "With such a powerful boyfriend, we don’t need to spend too many resources to promote her, she will definitely become popular. This is so reassuring!"
###Chapter 973: Chapter 972: Get as Much as You Can
Linda: "..." 
"Linda, I don’t care how you do it, but you must keep her in the company!" Garret Twain grabbed Linda’s hand tightly, as if he had completely forgotten what he had said before, shamelessly grinning, "Such a talent, we can’t let our rivals take advantage of her." 
Linda: "..." 
Is this shameless and thick-skinned man really her boss? 
He’s completely unprincipled. 
What happened to not daring to offend Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family? 
Now that he knows Joanna Lawrence has a stronger backing, he immediately changes his mind. 
Not even afraid of offending people anymore. 
Even saying things like "talent."
And not even blushing at all. 
Linda disdainfully glanced at him, not taking her boss seriously at all, and sarcastically said, "Mr. Tucker, are you sure you really don’t want to terminate her contract? Don’t make me tell her it’s all settled, then you change your mind again." 
"What if Ms. Joanna gets angry and comes after you?" 
Garret Twain knew he was being sarcastic, but he simply ignored her, grinning cheekily, "Heath Group has spoken, what am I afraid of? Besides, if I have to offend either Ms. Rebecca or the President of the Heath Group, who would you choose? I call this being savvy, do you understand?" 
"Offending Ms. Rebecca, at most, would just make people upset. But if we offend the President of the Heath Group..." Garret Twain trailed off and shuddered involuntarily, "Just a little HE Company, he could crush us if he wanted." 
"But it’s strange, since the newcomer is his girlfriend and he values her so much, why doesn’t he sign her to his own company?" 
Linda looked at him like he was an idiot, "Mr. Tucker, have you forgotten? Heath Group doesn’t get involved in the entertainment industry. They have no brokerage company under their name that signs artists, so how could he sign Joanna Lawrence?" 
Garret Twain: "..." 
He actually forgot. 
Now that he thought about it, there really wasn’t a brokerage company under Heath Group. 
It’s strange, Heath Group is involved in almost all the moneymaking industries. 
Examples included the finance industry, property industry, large chain malls, jewelry industry, e-commerce... 
Even the esports sector had Heath Group’s involvement. 
But they never got involved in the entertainment industry. 
It was said that Sir Luther Heath didn’t like the entertainment circle and didn’t think highly of it. That’s why they invested so heavily in other industries, but never in the entertainment industry. 
Thinking of Joanna Lawrence’s identity, Garret Twain couldn’t help but sigh, "Although the newcomer is indeed capable and managed to get the support of President Ashton, who knows how long his interest in her will last." 
"I hope he doesn’t get bored in a few months. When you meet her tonight, have a good talk with her and tell her to be smarter. She must seize any opportunity she can. While he still likes her and is willing to invest in her, she should ask for resources when needed, as much as possible. Don’t wait until it’s too late and everything has cooled down." 
Not to mention that the Heath Group’s unwillingness to invest in entertainment is proof enough that the newcomer will never marry into the Heath family. 
The Heath family did not invest in entertainment because they did not like it. 
Even if they don’t care about the compatibility of family status, they wouldn’t accept a female entertainer in the industry, right?
###Chapter 974: Chapter 973: Frank Parker is the sugar daddy behind Joanna Lawrence
Generally, wealthy families don’t care much about the entertainment circle. 
Especially top wealthy families like the Heath family. 
The Heath family is a prestigious family, and marrying in must be a match in terms of social and economic status. 
Even if the new actress really has the favor of the President of Heath Group, it’s already predetermined that it would not end well. 
It’s better to take advantage of the time when the person is still liked and pampered so they can get as much as they can. 
To pave a better way for the future. 
Linda frowned slightly, feeling that Garret Twain’s words weren’t very pleasant to hear, but they were realistic. 
Being liked by the President of Heath Group was, of course, a very, very good thing. 
It’s something every woman dreams of. 
But how long can a scion of a wealthy family’s love last? 
With their status, they never lacked for all sorts of beauties. 
An average person’s novelty can only last a few months. 
Let alone those heaven’s princes. 
Changing women every few days was a common thing. 
If they can last one or two months, that person is considered highly favored. 
If it can last one or two years, it’s probably true love. 
Joanna Lawrence is very beautiful, and men would naturally like her. It’s not surprising that she could gain a high-status man’s favor. 
But no matter how good-looking, it’s hard to keep the hearts of these heaven’s princes stable. 
It’s better to take advantage of the fact that their hearts are still focused on her and get more benefits. 
"Yes, I’ll talk to her about it." Thinking of Ashton Heath’s handsome face, which could easily dominate the male artists in the entertainment circle, Linda also started to worry for Joanna Lawrence. 
With such an exalted and noble identity, coupled with a face that would make women go crazy, being with a man like Ashton would make it difficult for any woman to guard her heart well.
Hopefully, Joanna won’t fall in too deep. 
But on the other hand, even Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family couldn’t resist the charm of that man, having a one-sided love for so many years. 
Joanna... perhaps she has already fallen in too deep. 
Now, they can only hope that she didn’t fall in too deep. 
Hope that she won’t foolishly treat love too seriously and forget about the things she should strive for and cherish. 
* 
On the other side. 
Once Ashton Heath made a statement about his relationship with Joanna Lawrence, Garret immediately had HE Company’s official blog release a statement. 
In the statement, they sued more than twenty blog accounts. 
Both influential figures and ordinary netizens were included. 
The lawyer’s letter was effective. 
The sued accounts were quickly blocked. 
Some gossip-loving netizens seeing this got scared and deleted their previous related discussions. 
Some daring ones are still persisting in digging up who Joanna Lawrence’s sugar daddy is. 
Netizens had seen a series of previous actions by others, and it is evident that Joanna Lawrence had a powerful backing behind her. 
In addition to the previous rumors that she had a sugar daddy, the netizens guessed that her sugar daddy took action on her behalf. 
Because she had been involved in two rumors with Frank Parker before. 
Although both rumors were just groundless speculations without any actual evidence, she was the first woman that Frank Parker defended on social media, which led the netizens to speculate about their relationship and unanimously believed that Frank Parker was her sugar daddy. 
Otherwise, who could be so powerful that they could instantly delete all hot searches and related topics so cleanly?
###Chapter 975: Chapter 974: Uncle, do you know who I am?
It was as if the blog belonged to their own company. 
If Mr. Parker was behind it, it wouldn’t be surprising. 
Because he did have that capability. 
Joanna Lawrence and Maddox Allenson’s hot search topics and related discussions were removed. 
However, her connection with Frank Parker quickly made it to a new round of hot searches. 
#MrParkerIsTheMysteriousSugarDaddy?##JoannaLawrenceFrankParker##MrParkerAngeredForTheSakeOfABeauty##JoannaLawrenceFrankParkerSecretAffair#. 
Topics like these all made it to the hot search list. 
When the news about Frank Parker and Joanna Lawrence’s relationship was making a fuss, Joanna herself was completely unaware of it. 
The plane landed in Closia. 
She wore a cap and a black mask covering half of her face, letting her hair loose, and keeping her head down as she walked off the plane. 
Fortunately, there were many people wearing masks due to the widespread flu these days. 
Her outfit didn’t attract any attention from others. 
Joanna kept her head down as she walked out of the airport and didn’t take off her mask until she got into a cab. 
She looked at the driver in front of her: "Heath Group building, please." 
The driver glanced at her in the rearview mirror, a puzzled look in his eyes. After hesitating for a few seconds, he cautiously asked: "Miss, have we met before?" 
Joanna: "" 
Lifting her head to look at the driver, who was old enough to be her father, her eyebrows slightly furrowed. 
No way. 
Is this uncle driver still trying to flirt with young girls? 
And using such old-fashioned tactics? 
Although she found it a bit ridiculous in her heart, she still politely replied: "Um, no. We should be meeting for the first time." 
"Is that so?" The driver still had a puzzled expression on his face, looked in the rearview mirror again, and then murmured to himself, "Why do I feel like you look familiar, like I’ve seen you somewhere before?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She really wanted to say: Uncle, this outdated pickup technique is long gone. And she wasn’t interested in men old enough to be her elders at all. 
The driver murmured a few words to himself, then stopped talking when he saw that Joanna wasn’t responding. 
On the way, Joanna could still hear him occasionally muttering: She really looks familiar. 
Forty minutes later, at the Heath Group building. 
Joanna paid the fare, and just as she was about to get out of the car, she suddenly heard the uncle driver slap his thigh and pointed at her, saying, "I remember now! Aren’t you that actress named... Joanna Lawrence?" 
Joanna, who was about to get out of the car: "?!!" 
She looked back in astonishment, staring wide-eyed at the uncle driver. 
The uncle driver stared wide-eyed at her as well: "You, you’re that actress named Joanna Lawrence, right? I’m not mistaken, am I? I just remembered all of a sudden, no wonder I felt you looked familiar." 
It took Joanna several seconds to recover and said with some disbelief, "Uncle, you know who I am?" 
Being recognized by young people, she felt that it was quite normal. 
After all, most young people use blogs, and she has been trending every few days, so many people might be familiar with her face. 
But being recognized by a man around fifty years old, she felt it was quite unreal. 
Could it be that this uncle driver is also a blog user? 
That’s why he recognized her?
###Chapter 976: Chapter 975: He and I are Just Ordinary Friends
The taxi driver stared at her for a moment and nodded, saying, "My daughter really likes you. She says she’s your fan. Ms. Joanna, you are indeed very beautiful, even more so than in photos. No wonder my daughter likes you so much." 
Joanna: "..." 
She blushed a bit at the compliment, "Ahem, thank you, uncle." 
"Ms. Joanna, can you give me your autograph?" The taxi driver scratched his head, a little embarrassed, "I want to get one for my daughter. Her birthday is tomorrow, and I think she would be thrilled to receive your autograph." 
Joanna looked at the shy taxi driver, suddenly feeling guilty for mistaking his intentions earlier. 
"Of course," she immediately nodded, "You want an autograph, right? No problem. I have a pen here. Where should I sign?" 
The taxi driver didn’t expect her to agree so quickly. He immediately took out a small notebook, handed it to her excitedly, and said, "Just sign here. Ms. Joanna, can you write ’Happy 18th Birthday’? If I’m asking too much, just your signature will do." 
"No problem." 
For Joanna, this was just a simple gesture. 
She quickly wrote a line in the notebook: Happy Birthday to the little fairy turning 18. 
Followed by her signature: Your friend, Joanna. 
After writing, she handed the notebook back to the taxi driver. 
The taxi driver took it, looked down, and said gratefully, "Thank you, Ms. Joanna, your handwriting is beautiful. My daughter will be thrilled to see your message. The rumors online are really not believable. You’re such a kind person, there’s no way you could be like what they say." 
Joanna was taken aback, "Online rumors?" 
"Yes." The taxi driver looked up at her and said, "I’ve read those news articles with my daughter. The internet has portrayed you quite negatively. But you are so easygoing and gentle, how could it be true what they say?" 
"Actually, Ms. Joanna, can I ask you a question? Of course, if it offends you, or you don’t want to answer, you can ignore me." 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, then nodded, "Alright, ask." 
The taxi driver thought for a moment before speaking, "I saw that some people say Ms. Joanna has an unusual relationship with your director. Are these just false rumors?" 
Joanna was startled. 
She looked at the honest, friendly taxi driver in front of her, a hint of suspicion in her eyes. 
However, even though she found the question strange, she still answered, "Are you talking about Director White? He and I are just ordinary friends. He is my director, and I am just a female actress under his guidance, that’s all." 
"I see." The taxi driver’s eyes flashed slightly before he smiled, "It seems that those online rumors really cannot be trusted. Ms. Joanna, thank you so much for the autograph. This will definitely be the best birthday gift my daughter has ever received." 
"Uncle, you are too kind. I should be the one thanking your daughter for liking and supporting me." 
* 
Getting off the car. 
Joanna put her mask on again. 
She didn’t inform Ashton Heath about her return this time. 
After entering the lobby, she headed straight to the receptionists.
###Chapter 977: Chapter 976: Will President Ashton mind?
"Hello, Miss. May I ask if you..." The receptionists habitually asked politely. 
Before they finished, Joanna Lawrence removed her mask and smiled,"I’m looking for Ashton Heath, is he in the office?" 
A few receptionists recognized her and immediately responded politely, "Ms. Joanna, President Ashton is here. Do you need us to take you there?" 
These receptionists had seen Joanna Lawrence before and still remembered her. 
As the girlfriend of President Ashton, they treated her with extra politeness. 
President Ashton had given his own instructions. 
Anytime Ms. Joanna came looking for him, there was no need for an appointment or notification, she could go straight up. 
"No need, I can go up by myself." After saying this, Joanna put her mask back on and turned toward the elevators. 
Only when she was a little further away did the group of receptionists gather and gossip in low voices: "Don’t you think Ms. Joanna looks just like someone?" 
"Yeah, I thought so too. She looks just like that actress involved in the scandal with Maddox Allenson... Are they the same person?" 
"They look identical, and they have the same surname. So they must be the same person, right?" 
"But I just saw a new hot search on the Blog, didn’t they say she’s the lover of the Parker family’s young master? And now she’s also with our President Ashton..." 
"Wow, that’s exciting. President Ashton and Mr. Parker are good friends, is this a love triangle? This woman is incredible. Both of the men with the most power and status in Closia have an ambiguous relationship with her. How did she manage that?" 
"Actually, it’s pretty simple. If you had a face as beautiful as hers, you could do it too." 
"...She’s really pretty. Her features are perfectly delicate, and her skin is so fair that she looks like a doll. Do you think she’s had work done? If not, she seems too good to be true." 
"She must have had some work done. Otherwise, their features wouldn’t be that perfect. But even if she did, not everyone can come out looking that good. She must have had good natural features too, that’s why she can look that great after work." 
"Do you think President Ashton has seen the news about her and the Parker family’s young master? If he has, would he mind? President Ashton is such a possessive person; he would mind, wouldn’t he?" 
* 
Upstairs in the President’s office. 
Ashton Heath, who was just being discussed by his own employees, had just read the gossip news about Joanna Lawrence and Frank Parker, and the gloomy expression on his face exited the Blog. 
Just as he closed the app, his phone rang. 
He looked at the screen and saw it was a call from Frank Parker. His already unhappy face darkened further. 
After picking up the call, Frank directly explained the gossip: "Ashton, I don’t know if you’ve seen those rumors on the Blog. I have no idea how it got on the hot search, or how they spread these rumors about us. If you mind, I can make a clarification." 
Ashton Heath’s face turned dark, his tone was not pleasant: "No need. I know exactly what your relationship with her is, so what is there for me to worry about?" 
"You really don’t mind?" Frank sounded surprised. "It doesn’t sound like it to me. I think it’s necessary to make a statement, otherwise people will continue to misunderstand my relationship with Joanna." 
Ashton Heath’s fingers clenched around the phone, his face immediately changed.
###Chapter 978: Chapter 977: Since she married me, she is your sister-in-law.
A hint of coldness appeared in his eyes and his tone became chilly, a strange feeling beginning to creep up from his heart, "What did you just call her?" 
On the other side, Frank Parker suddenly fell silent. 
After a while, he finally said, "I previously misunderstood her, so my attitude towards her was not friendly. Now I..." 
"Now that you know you misunderstood her, you address her so affectionately? Frank Parker, is this your reason for referring to her so tenderly?" Ashton Heath cut him off with an icy tone. 
Frank Parker: "..." 
His silence only darkened Ashton’s expression, his face becoming increasingly gloomy. 
He finally understood what the strange feeling he had was. 
He was well aware of Frank Parker’s past attitude towards Joanna Lawrence. 
But just now, he had addressed her with such affection. 
If the pet name was used for someone else, he might not have thought much of it. 
But this was Frank Parker. 
They had been brothers for many years, and even if he wasn’t the person who understood Frank Parker best, he could sense that something was wrong. 
As Ashton Heath ruminated, his face grew even darker, "Frank, is it possible that you really..." 
"No! It’s not!" Before he could finish his sentence, Frank Parker was quick to deny, "Ashton, don’t overthink it. I know the basic principles of human decency. She is your woman, I could not possibly have other intentions." 
"If you resent that appellation, I won’t call her that in the future." 
Ashton Heath still looked gloomy, his lips pressed tightly together, he remained silent. 
How could he not overthink? 
Because he knew Frank well, that’s why he had to overthink. 
"Ashton, are you angry?" Frank was silent for a moment before hesitantly asking, "You don’t really misunderstand, do you?" 
"Frank, I’m glad you still know the basic rules of decency." said Ashton after a moment of silence, his voice cold, "It’s best if it’s a misunderstanding. If not... I can’t promise what I’ll do." 
"She is my bottom line, and no one can touch her." 
Frank was silent again for a while, then, when he finally spoke his voice was a touch lighter, "Ashton, don’t be so tense. I just thought since it was a misunderstanding, there is no reason for us to continue to be at odds like enemies." 
"That affectionate address was a lapse in judgement, I didn’t realize you would mind that much." 
"Mm, I do mind." Ashton Heath barely repressed his simmering anger, coldly retorting, "In the future, you can address her just like Grant. Though she is younger than both of you, since she has married me, she is now your sister-in-law." 
This time, Frank didn’t reply. 
Ashton Heath’s eyes were shot with cold, he didn’t utter a word either, but the chill in his eyes became more intense. 
An invisible smoke filled the air. 
"Knock, knock, knock." 
Just then, there was a sudden knock at the door. 
"Ashton, you’re busy, I won’t disturb you further." Frank Parker finally broke the long silence. After he finished speaking, he hung up the phone. 
Hearing the click on the other end, Ashton Heath slammed the phone onto his desk. 
His face was pale, he turned to the door and said, "Come in." 
After his words, the office door was slowly pushed open.
A soft and sweet voice rang out, teasingly saying, "President Ashton, I’ve made you coffee, but I’m not sure what kind you like, so I prepared a cup according to my taste. Would you like to try it and see how it tastes?"
###Chapter 979: Chapter 964: Did I Disturb President Ashton?
Ashton Heath was stunned and looked up in surprise. 
When he saw Joanna Lawrence walking in with a cup of coffee, smiling and talking to him, he was stunned for a few seconds before exclaiming in surprise, "Joanna, how come it’s you..." 
"What, you don’t like it?" Joanna walked to the desk, put the coffee on it, tilted her head and smiled, "Did I disturb President Ashton?" 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
The man squinted his deep, pitch-black eyes, staring at her for a while before confirming that the girl in front of him was not just a figment of his imagination. 
He immediately got up, pulled her into his arms, and softly touched her head with his large hand. The deep magnetism in his voice was obviously pleasantly surprised, "Why didn’t you tell me in advance? When did you get here?" 
Joanna leaned against his chest, playing with a button on his dress shirt, and sweetly smiled, "I wanted to give you a surprise. I came straight here after getting off the plane. How is it, are you happy?" 
"Happy." Ashton tightened his arms, hugging the lovely, sweet girl in his embrace, unable to resist lowering his head to kiss her smooth, fair forehead, and softly said, "You’re not leaving today?" 
"Yeah, I won’t leave. I’ll return to Frankfurt tomorrow." 
"Alright, I’ll go back with you tomorrow. Have you decided where to eat tonight or where to go? I’ll get off work early to be with you." 
The girl had a sweet scent on her body. 
In her hair, there was also a refreshing fragrance. 
Her entire being was like a sweet, fragrant peach, making people have the impulse to devour her completely. 
Ashton’s eyes fell on the girl’s delicate and fair face in his arms. He looked at the girl who was as beautiful as a fairy in his arms, and thought of the hung-up phone call just now, his gaze couldn’t help but darken, and a hint of coldness appeared in his eyes. 
He should have known earlier. 
His baby was so wonderful that she would be coveted by someone sooner or later. 
It’s understandable that a woman he loves and is obsessed with would attract interest from other people. 
However, it’s different if the person who takes an interest is his good friend. 
And moreover, he knows Frank Parker. 
Both of them have equally strong possessiveness in many aspects. 
And they are both equally paranoid. 
If they like someone, they would probably like them for a lifetime. 
But he couldn’t understand why Frank’s heart belonged to Rebecca Kelloway now. 
Why is it now... 
From his understanding of Frank Parker, he shouldn’t be the kind who changes his mind easily. 
But Frank’s behavior in the past has shown that there is indeed a problem. 
At this moment, Ashton actually hopes he’s overthinking. 
However, whether he’s overthinking or not, he knows it in his heart. 
His judgment has never been wrong. 
This time, it’s the same. 
"Ah, tonight?"
Joanna raised her head from his chest, looked at him with apologetic eyes and said, "Well, I already have plans for tonight, so I may not be able to have dinner with you." 
Ashton’s brows furrowed, displeased: "You already have plans?" 
Joanna blinked her eyes guiltily: "Yes, I do." 
"Who did you make plans with? Aria Rowlett, your best friend?" As he mentioned this name, the man’s displeasure increased, and his tone became somewhat sour. 
In his wife’s heart, was he still not as important as her best friend?
###Chapter 980: Chapter 978: From now on, can you call me like this?
Every time she comes back, she always goes to Aria Rowlett first. 
As her husband, he ends up being cast aside instead. 
The fact that he was less important to her than Jeremy Lawrence was one thing, now even her best friend was more important than him. 
"No, that’s not it." Joanna Lawrence noticed the dissatisfaction in his eyes and immediately hooked her hand around his neck to coax him, "I have some work matters to discuss, and I’ve arranged to have dinner with Linda tonight. Don’t be angry, okay? I’ll spend all the remaining time with you after dinner, alright?" 
Ashton Heath still kept a straight face: "What work matters are so important that they must be discussed today, and in person?" 
He had initially thought that her flying back to Closia was to surprise him. 
But now it seemed that he had thought too much. 
He couldn’t begin to describe how choked up Ashton Heath was feeling on the inside. 
It felt like he was the one pining for her. 
"Uh." Joanna Lawrence considered for a moment, deciding not to tell him about the termination of her contract just yet. 
She had only signed the contract a few days ago, and now she was terminating it already. 
She felt too embarrassed to speak of this matter in front of Ashton Heath. 
She couldn’t help but feel... extremely mortified. 
She must be the artist who had the shortest time between signing and termination in the entire industry. 
She had originally wanted to perform well in front of Ashton Heath to prove her abilities to him. 
If he knew that she had been dismissed by the company so soon, it would be utterly humiliating for her. 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated and lied, "It’s about some stuff related to post-production. It’s hard to articulate over the phone, hence the need for a face-to-face discussion." 
"I see." 
Having heard her explanation, Ashton Heath felt a bit relieved, but his face still lacked a smile, "Can’t you change the time? Does it have to be discussed today?" 
He had already planned how to schedule their wonderful date tonight.
Her sudden appointment made him quite disappointed. 
"Uh, probably not." Joanna Lawrence looked up at his still solemn and handsome face. Biting her lip corner in hesitation, she found that her coquetry was probably not enough. So she tiptoed up and quickly gave him a kiss on his lips. 
"Husband, I know you’re the most understanding." She knew what Ashton Heath liked to be called. After a soft call of "husband," she saw his face immediately soften a bit. 
Seeing that this trick worked, a triumph flashed across her eyes, she continued to push, "Husband, I’ll try to eat less, so my stomach will be empty. After dinner with her, we can eat dinner together. Is that okay?" 
"But if you don’t want to wait for me, then never mind..." 
The girl’s voice in his arms was naturally soft and sweet. 
Calling him "husband" when she was being coquettish was an enchanting experience, neither too sweet nor sycophantic. Coupled with her blushing face, Ashton Heath felt as though his bones were about to melt at that moment. 
It felt as though his soul was being snatched away, 
His breathing became a little frantic, the arm that was wrapped around her lithe waist involuntarily tightened as he spoke, his voice a tad husky, "Baby, I like hearing you call me husband. Can you always call me that from now on?" 
Of course, Joanna Lawrence knew he liked it. 
He always got excited every time she called him that. 
But normally, she hardly ever addressed him as such. 
Although they were a husband and wife, and there was nothing wrong with her calling him that, she always felt a little embarrassed.
###Chapter 981: Chapter 979: Let Your Husband Give You a Good Kiss
Every time she called him "husband," her face would feel hot and turn red. 
Even though he was indeed her husband. 
"So, are you not mad anymore?" Joanna Lawrence tilted her head to look at him, black pupils as if covered with a layer of mist, a mischievous and lovely expression on her face. 
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but curl his lips. 
He wasn’t mad at all. 
She had him wrapped around her little finger. 
She was a clever little devil who knew exactly what worked best on him. 
Even when he knew she might be trying to manipulate him on purpose, he still willingly fell for it. 
Because the bait she laid down was what he liked. 
Heaven knows that every time she called him "husband," he couldn’t resist whatever she asked of him. 
"Mm, baby, call me that a couple more times, and I won’t be mad." The man seemed to be pushing his luck. 
Joanna, who was currently trying to appease him, obliged to his request, obediently calling him "husband" twice more. 
Right now, she just wanted to make this man happy. 
And just as the words "husband" left her mouth, the man’s gloomy expression instantly brightened, the corners of his eyes and brows revealing hints of a smile. 
The melancholy vanished in an instant. 
His ability to change his mood so quickly astonished Joanna... 
"Alright, go early tonight, and don’t eat too much. When you’re done talking, I’ll take you to eat something delicious." The man’s tone changed completely, even his words became more pleasant to hear. 
He had been extremely displeased with the situation earlier, but now he could happily agree. 
At this moment, Joanna’s inner thoughts were: "..." 
So, it’s true that pampered women are the luckiest? 
She found the tactic of acting spoiled to be quite effective. 
Whether it was when she was begging Ashton or trying to appease him, it always seemed to work. 
Moreover, it worked every single time. 
It seemed she should try being more spoiled with Ashton in the future. 
"Wow, husband, you’re so good." Discovering the effectiveness of acting spoiled, Joanna decided to keep it up, hugging the man’s neck, exerting a bit of strength to lower his head, then tiptoed to gently press her lips to his handsome face. 
She called him "husband" in an even sweeter and softer voice than before. 
After the dragonfly-like peck, she wanted to pull away. 
Just as she tried to retreat, her jaw was grasped by the man... 
* 
An hour later. 
Feeling weak and exhausted, Joanna was carried by Ashton Heath into the bathroom to shower. 
Half an hour later. 
Ashton carried her from the bathroom and placed her on the small bed in the resting room. Sitting by the bed, he reached out to stroke her head: "Baby, you can sleep a bit more. I’ll call you when it’s time to get off work." 
Joanna glanced at the torn clothes thrown on the floor, glared at him resentfully, and gritted her teeth angrily, "Ashton Heath, you have no shame!" 
Having just satisfied himself, the man appeared content as she berated him without retorting, the corners of his lips filled with a pampering smile, "Mhm, I have no shame." 
"You went too far! You’re not even human!" 
"Mhm, I went too far; I’m not human!" 
Joanna wanted to scold him further, but his straightforward admission left her at a loss for words. 
"Baby, don’t be angry." Ashton lowered his head to look at the ruined clothes on the floor, then reached out to hug her and spoke softly, "I asked Cody Aberton to go buy you some clothes. It was my fault earlier; I was too impatient and accidentally tore your clothes." 
"I’ll make it up to you, okay? However many clothes you want, I’ll get them for you."
###Chapter 982: Chapter 980: From now on, don’t talk to me anymore
Joanna Lawrence glared at him: "Is this just about how many shirts? Do you realize how rough you were just now, even...it even hurt me." 
Ashton Heath was a beast just now! 
That impatient look of his was just like a horny devil. 
It had only been two days since he last touched her, but he acted as if he hadn’t touched her for 20 years. 
When he was dressed, he had a cold and aloof appearance, ever so proper. 
But when he undressed... 
Thinking of their passionate entanglement just now, Joanna couldn’t help but blush. 
Ashton Heath, this man, was truly a beast in human clothing! 
Right in the middle of the day, in his office, he bullied her so... 
Beast! 
A beast that only knows how to bully her. 
Although it didn’t last long this time, just an hour... 
But in that single hour, he had used every shameless position to torment her. 
Even now, Joanna felt her legs were weak, and they were still trembling uncontrollably. 
She looked at a man who was even more energetic after the deed and was speechless to the extreme. 
Was this man a siren! 
Otherwise, why was it that every time after they had done that, she was exhausted and dying, but he looked even more energized. 
It was as if he had sucked away all her energy. 
The more she thought about it, the more probable it seemed. 
Not to mention anything else, Ashton Heath’s face had the typical siren’s look. 
It was said that sirens were extremely handsome and beautiful men. 
Although this man appeared cold to others, when in front of her... 
He truly resembled a heart-enticing siren. 
With an apologetic expression, Ashton Heath said sincerely: "I’m sorry, Baby. I’ll try to be gentler next time." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He shouldn’t count on a next time, hmph! 
"It’s because I haven’t touched you for such a long time, I couldn’t control myself just now." The man earnestly reflected on his mistake, "I’ll really pay attention next time, and I won’t hurt you again." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
A man’s words are meant to deceive. 
Ashton Heath’s words, particularly, were not to be trusted at all. 
Especially when it came to this matter, he never fulfilled any of his promises. 
For instance, he said that he would only touch her once, yet the outcome... 
She would never believe him again. 
"Baby, where does it hurt? Let me rub it for you." 
Seeing that she still had an icy expression, clearly not forgiving him, Ashton Heath immediately spoke with a gentle coaxing tone: "I’ll rub it for you; then it won’t hurt so much." 
But Joanna Lawrence didn’t dare let him rub it. 
That particular area... 
She was worried that the beast in human clothing before her would start rubbing it and then... 
"That’s enough, you don’t need to worry about me. Go mind your own business." Joanna Lawrence wrapped the blanket around herself and turned away from him, "I’m tired, I want to sleep for a while. Starting now, don’t speak to me anymore." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Every time after they were done, this little thing had a lot of complaints about him. 
He was already used to it. 
He also knew that he behaved like a beast when they did that and did many excessive things. 
He always wanted to control himself, but once he touched her body, he couldn’t control himself anymore. 
At that moment, he lost all his reasoning in his mind. 
He just wanted to...mercilessly, cruelly bully her. 
Especially when she cried, his desire to bully her became even stronger. 
He felt that he was quite perverse. 
Of course, he would not tell Joanna Lawrence about this.
###Chapter 983: Chapter 981: Lady Octavia, are you talking about Ashton?
When she calls him husband, her face would become hot and turn red. 
Even though this man is really her husband. 
"So are you not mad anymore?" Joanna Lawrence tilted her head to look at him, the blackness of her pupils seemed to be covered with a mist, her eyebrows and expression were charming and lovely. 
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but slightly smile. 
Where was his anger now? 
She had him wrapped around her finger. 
She was a smart little devil, knowing the best way to get to him. 
Even if he knew she was doing it on purpose, he still willingly took the bait. 
Who could blame him if the bait she set was something he liked? 
Heaven knew that when she called him husband, no matter what she asked for, he couldn’t resist. 
"Hmm, Baby, call me that a couple more times and I won’t be mad anymore." The man was getting a bit greedy. 
Since Joanna was trying to coax him now, she immediately complied with whatever he asked, obediently calling out twice, "Husband, husband..." 
All she wanted now was to please this man. 
And with those two calls of ’husband’, the man’s face instantly brightened up, a hint of laughter emerging in the depths of his eyes. 
The gloominess in his brows and eyes vanished in an instant. 
The speed at which his mood changed amazed Joanna... 
"Alright, go there early tonight, and don’t eat too much. After you finish talking, I’ll take you to eat something delicious." Not only did the man’s face change from gloomy to bright, his words also became much more amiable. 
Previously, he had been extremely dissatisfied with this matter, but now he could smile and agree with her. 
Joanna’s inner feelings at this moment were: "..." 
Was it true that the coquettish woman was the luckiest? 
She found that this move of acting coquettish was particularly effective. 
Whether it was when she was begging Ashton, or when she was trying to appease him, it was especially useful. 
And, it worked every time. 
It seemed that from now on she would have to act more coquettishly towards Ashton. 
"Wow, husband, you’re the best." Discovering that acting coquettish was quite effective and that Ashton loved it, Joanna decided to take this strategy to the extreme. She hugged the man’s neck, exerting a slight force to lower his head, then stood on tiptoes and kissed his handsome face again. 
The word "husband" was even more coquettish and tender than before. 
She hovered like a dragonfly kissing the water, before attempting to pull away. 
Just as she made a gesture to retreat, the man grabbed her by the jaw... 
* 
A high-end coffee shop with luxurious decoration. 
A noble madam dressed in an elegant and dignified manner walked in. The waiter immediately came up to her, extremely respectful, and said, "Lady Octavia, Ms. Kelloway has arrived." 
This noble madam was Lady Octavia. 
She had arranged to meet Rebecca Kelloway at this coffee shop. 
It was Rebecca who had called her and invited her here. 
Lady Octavia was a regular customer of this coffee shop, and the staff here knew her well. When they saw her, they greeted her warmly, without the slightest neglect. 
With utmost respect, the waiter led Lady Octavia to the private room where Rebecca had reserved a table. 
Arriving at the door of the private room, the waiter knocked gently and respectfully informed the one inside, "Ms. Kelloway, Lady Octavia has arrived." 
The sound of high heels stepping on the floor could be heard. 
Soon, the door opened. 
Seeing Lady Octavia standing outside, Rebecca Kelloway immediately greeted her affectionately, "Lady Octavia." 
Lady Octavia, seeing Rebecca, showed a loving smile on her face: "Rebecca, when did you get here? Have you been waiting long?"
"No, I just got here a little while ago. And even if I had to wait for you, Lady Octavia, I would be willing to wait as long as it takes. I’ve already ordered the coffee you like. Please come in." 
Rebecca took Lady Octavia’s arm and led her into the private room. 
The two of them sat down together, side by side like an affectionate mother and daughter. 
Rebecca gently held Lady Octavia’s arm and softly said, "Lady Octavia, I actually wanted to go to Heath Villa to visit you. But I heard you haven’t been out for a few days, so I thought it would be better to ask you out to chat." 
"Lady Octavia, I heard from Nancy that your mood has not been very good these past few days. If someone upset you, please tell me and I’ll go settle the score with them." 
Lady Octavia’s smiling face instantly disappeared when she heard this. 
Rebecca naturally knew what had happened. 
She had her own spies in the Heath family. 
So she had long since learned the clear reasons for Lady Octavia’s unhappiness. 
But she couldn’t let Lady Octavia know about this. 
Feigning anxiety, she immediately apologized to Lady Octavia: "I’m sorry, Lady Octavia. Did I say something I shouldn’t have? Did it upset you?" 
"It has nothing to do with you." Lady Octavia thought of Rebecca as a daughter and held her hand, gently patting the back of her hand while sighing, "Rebecca, you’re so well-behaved, how could you possibly make me angry? It’s that unfilial son of mine who has completely disregarded me as his mother." 
"Lady Octavia, are you talking about Ashton?" Rebecca asked in feigned surprise, "Ashton has always been the most filial and obedient to you. How could he make you angry?" 
Lady Octavia laughed coldly, "He used to be filial and obedient. Now he doesn’t even consider my feelings." 
"Lady Octavia, what exactly happened?" Rebecca asked with an anxious expression on her face, "Please tell me, perhaps I can help you analyze the situation.
###Chapter 984: Chapter 982: Provoking the relationship between me and Madam Ashton Heath
"Please don’t be angry yet. You know best what kind of person Ashton is. If he made you angry, I’m sure there must be a reason." 
Lady Octavia’s face went cold as she fell silent for a moment, then sighed heavily, saying through gritted teeth, "It’s all because of that woman. I just asked him to make Joanna Lawrence leave the entertainment industry, and he got angry at me." 
"Did I do something wrong?" 
"What kind of place is the entertainment industry? As the young lady of the Heath family, how can she be one of those lowly actors? Luckily, no one knows about their relationship right now. If people find out in the future that the second young lady of the Heath family is actually an actress, wouldn’t it disgrace our family? " 
"But to protect that woman, he doesn’t even care about me anymore. Isn’t it a waste to have raised such a son? I painstakingly brought him up, but now he values an outsider more than me." 
"No wonder people say men forget their mothers once they have wives." 
"That’s not all, even Madam Heath is siding with that woman. I don’t understand why she likes her so much when the one thing she hates most is actors from the entertainment industry. Now her granddaughter-in-law is in that line of work, and she says since the Heath family is protecting her, if Joanna wants to act, let her." 
At this point, it seemed like Lady Octavia was quite angry, her chest heaving heavily. 
It was bad enough that her son was enchanted by that siren. 
Even Madam Heath, who was brilliant and rational, was siding with that siren. 
Everyone was on the same side as that little siren. 
She felt isolated and unsupported now, not a single person on her side or helping her. 
In the entire Heath family, she felt like an outsider. 
Lady Octavia had been upset for several days, a stifling feeling in her chest, and now she couldn’t help but vent to Rebecca Kelloway when she saw her. 
Now, it seemed that only the daughter of the Kelloway family would stand with her on the same front. 
"Madam Heath is siding with her, Ashton’s siding with her, even Brandon says it’s their own business and tells me not to interfere. Rebecca, tell me if I still have a place in this family? She’s only just married into the family and already has so many people siding with her." 
"If she’s in the Heath family for a longer time, won’t I lose all my standing in the future?" 
Lady Octavia became angrier the more she spoke, with rage all over her face. 
Rebecca feigned a patient listening expression, waiting for Lady Octavia to finish complaining before offering comforting words, "Lady Octavia, please calm down first. After hearing what you said, I think I know what happened." 
"If things are indeed as you described, I don’t blame Ashton or Madam Heath." 
"It’s just that Joanna is a very intelligent girl, and her means are beyond those of ordinary people. That’s how she managed to win over both Madam Heath and Ashton." 
"Intelligent?" Lady Octavia sneered, "She’s scheming. Her tactics are indeed powerful. I underestimated her, thinking she came from a small household and wouldn’t amount to anything." 
"Who would have known that girls born in small households have unfathomable cunning? You’re right; Ashton and Madam Heath were simply bewitched by her. She used her means to sow discord between me, Ashton, and Madam Heath."
###Chapter 985: Chapter 983: This move is simply too hateful
"Now Ashton is dissatisfied with me, and so is Madam Heath. They think I’m not open-minded enough to even accommodate my own daughter-in-law. But if my daughter-in-law were you, there wouldn’t be so many problems." 
"Having such a scheming, impure woman as my daughter-in-law, no matter how open-minded I am, I can’t accept a woman like that!" 
At this point, Lady Octavia looked at Rebecca with regret and unwillingness: "Rebecca, if you were my daughter-in-law, how nice it would be. All these contradictions wouldn’t exist now. What’s the matter with Ashton, he doesn’t like such a good girl right in front of him, but goes for someone like that instead..." 
"What does that woman have except for a slightly good-looking face? Rebecca, you’re so much superior to her in every way. Ashton must be blind." 
"I watched you two grow up together, and I thought our Heath family and your Kelloway family would become even closer through marriage. Little did I know Ashton would lose his mind to a woman from a small household and got married without a word." 
"It’s so hateful that I couldn’t stop it even if I wanted to." 
As Lady Octavia talked, her chest heaved violently again. 
Rebecca’s eyes flickered, and she quickly stretched out her hand to pat her chest gently, looking worried and anxious: "Lady Octavia, please calm down. Don’t upset yourself over someone unworthy. It’s done now, and getting angry won’t help. Why don’t you instead..." 
"No." 
After catching her breath, Lady Octavia grabbed Rebecca’s hand, and said excitedly: "Rebecca, as long as you don’t give up on Ashton, it’s not too late. I promised to help you, and you can’t back out now." 
Rebecca frowned slightly, looking hesitant: "But Lady Octavia, it’s not that I want to give up, but there really is no chance between Ashton and me." 
"I thought as long as I persisted, as long as I didn’t give up, there might still be a chance for us. But now..." Rebecca’s voice suddenly choked, and her eyes turned red. 
She looked upset: "Lady Octavia, there’s something I’ve been hiding from you, not telling you. I’m afraid if I say it, you won’t like me anymore, and you’ll think I’m a bad girl."
"To me, Lady Octavia is like my mom. If you stop liking me one day, I’d be really, really sad." 
Seeing Rebecca’s red eyes, Lady Octavia quickly took out a handkerchief from her bag and wiped away her tears: "Rebecca, what’s wrong? Don’t cry, tell me what happened first. No matter what, I’ll always like you." 
Lady Octavia truly liked Rebecca. 
Because she’d always wanted another daughter. 
But due to health reasons, she never got her wish. 
Rebecca had been close to her since she was a child, always obedient and well-behaved in front of her, making her lovable. Although Lady Octavia didn’t completely consider her as her own daughter, her love and affection for her were genuine. 
She really wanted Rebecca to be her daughter-in-law. 
In her eyes, there was no one more suitable for the position of the young lady of the Heath family than Rebecca. 
She had always assumed that their two families could become in-laws through marriage. 
Until Ashton suddenly brought Joanna home and told them about their marriage...
###Chapter 986: Chapter 984: Would you... not like me anymore?
Lady Octavia’s long-anticipated event suddenly fell through, and she found it hard to accept that her best son in the world married a woman from a small household through a flash marriage without prior approval. 
She had always wanted Rebecca Kelloway to marry Ashton Heath, so her dissatisfaction and disgust for Joanna Lawrence were just as deep.
If it weren’t for this scheming woman secretly marrying her son, she would never have allowed such a woman to marry into the Heath family! 
"Lady Octavia, I made a mistake. If I tell you what it is, you probably won’t like me anymore." Tears fell from Rebecca’s eyes, and she said with a sad, red face, "You know I’ve liked Ashton since I was little. My childhood dream has always been to marry him and be his wife." 
"I had always thought that I would be his wife." 
"Then, all of a sudden, he got married. When I heard the news of his marriage, I was so heartbroken and sad. I couldn’t sleep for several days, couldn’t eat anything, and even felt that life had no meaning." 
Lady Octavia was moved and tightly held Rebecca’s hand: "Rebecca ..." 
Rebecca, with tearful eyes, looked at Lady Octavia: "I am so jealous of Joanna, and I am not willing to let go. I’ve liked Ashton for over twenty years and have been by his side all this time, but he ended up marrying someone else." 
"At that time, I was blinded by jealousy and did some irrational things. Lady Octavia ... In fact, all the rumors about Joanna Lawrence that you saw some time ago were ... spread by me." 
"I was really too jealous of her, and I couldn’t accept her being with Ashton. I couldn’t stand her having such a good life, with Ashton pampering and spoiling her. I thought Ashton would be angry and care if he saw her having an unclear relationship with other men." 
"Wouldn’t he divorce her?" 
"Even if they don’t divorce, they might fight over it. Maybe if they keep fighting like that, Ashton will get tired of it and divorce her." 
Rebecca started crying as she described the situation: "Lady Octavia, am I being too despicable and vicious? I feel so despicable myself. I don’t know how I became the person I hated the most." 
"But I really can’t control myself. I really can’t sincerely accept them and bless them." 
Lady Octavia was stunned, showing an astonished expression on her face. 
After a while, she exclaimed in surprise, "Rebecca, are you saying that the scandals involving Joanna Lawrence some time ago were all your doing?" 
Rebecca nodded with tears. 
"Her thing with her ex-boyfriend ..." 
"Lady Octavia, I did leak that stuff. But I didn’t fabricate or slander her. I was there at the scene, and I saw her and her ex-boyfriend with my own eyes. The videos were not taken by someone I hired, many people at the scene saw it too." 
"Then the rumor about her and the male actor ..." 
"That had nothing to do with me. I didn’t release those news." Rebecca sobbed for a moment, wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, and with fear and unease in her tearful eyes, she said, 
"Lady Octavia, do you think I’m bad and have become a bad girl? Will you ... not like me anymore?"
###Chapter 987: Chapter 985: Go with me to find him at the company
Lady Octavia furrowed her eyebrows and looked at her for a while, then sighed softly. 
She reached out and touched her head, "How could Lady Octavia not like you? You’re just too concerned about Ashton. Lady Octavia understands this too." 
Rebecca’s eyes filled with tears, and with a "plop," they fell. 
"Really?" She sobbed, and threw herself into Lady Octavia’s arms, "Lady Octavia, I’m so worried that you won’t like me anymore. Do you think I’ve become bad, a bad girl?" 
Seeing her crying like a little child, Lady Octavia held her tightly, patting her back and comforting her gently, "You haven’t turned bad, you just care too much about Ashton. It’s his good fortune to have someone like you who truly likes him wholeheartedly." 
"I just wish that Ashton can really divorce her. If they divorce because of those things, Lady Octavia will have to thank you greatly." 
Rebecca, tears streaming down her face, lifted her head from Lady Octavia’s embrace, "Lady Octavia..." 
"Be a good girl, don’t cry." Lady Octavia wiped the tears from her eyes, her eyes full of compassion, "How could I bear to blame you for your efforts for Ashton?" 
"Lady Octavia, you are so kind to me. Wuuu..." Rebecca, touched, buried herself in Lady Octavia’s arms and cried again. 
"There, there, don’t cry," Lady Octavia said patiently, comforting her, not minding the tears soaking her expensive shirt. 
After learning of Rebecca’s actions, not only did Lady Octavia not dislike her, she was even more satisfied with her. 
Just how much did this girl love her son, to be driven to such extremes? 
"Lady Octavia, you are so kind to me. I really want to stay by your side and take care of you forever, but..." Rebecca raised her head, her eyes red from crying, "Although you don’t blame me, Ashton has a deep grudge against me over those things, and he said he would never forgive me." 
"He said I hurt Joanna, and he would never forgive me. He and I... we’ve... we’ve become estranged from each other." Saying this, it seemed like Rebecca couldn’t take it anymore - she buried herself in Lady Octavia’s arms and wept. 
"He also said that the next time we meet, we’d be strangers." 
"Lady Octavia, I’m so sad. I don’t want to become strangers with Ashton." 
"I know I was wrong. From now on, I’ll never do anything to hurt Joanna again. Can you help me plead with him to give me another chance? I really won’t dare to touch Joanna again." 
"As long as he can forgive me, I’m willing to do anything." 
Lady Octavia was taken aback, "What did you say? You and Ashton are estranged?" 
"Yes." Rebecca sobbed non-stop, her whole body trembling, "He’s the one who wants to sever ties with me. Lady Octavia, I’m so sad. Can you help me? I really don’t want to become strangers with Ashton." 
"Ashton is being too unreasonable!"
Lady Octavia’s face darkened, and she said angrily, "For the sake of such a woman, he actually wants to sever ties with you. It’s clear that his mind has been clouded by her! Rebecca, don’t worry, I won’t let him have his way!" 
"Come with me to the company to see him now." 
"I want to see if he’s really willing to neglect even a mother’s love for the sake of that woman!" 
Rebecca hesitated for a moment, fear showing on her face, "Lady Octavia, I..."
###Chapter 988: Chapter 986: You bought these clothes for her, didn’t you?
"Don’t be afraid." Lady Octavia held her hand tightly, pressed her lips together, and said with a serious face, "I’m with you, and Lady Octavia will support you. You don’t have to be afraid." 
* 
Half an hour later. 
Rebecca Kelloway and Lady Octavia arrived at Heath Group building. 
Rebecca Kelloway held onto Lady Octavia, and walked confidently into the Heath Group lobby. 
As Lady Octavia appeared, all the employees in the lobby looked at her. Those who passed by her stopped and greeted her respectfully, "Good day, Madam." 
Lady Octavia did not visit Heath Group often. 
She had only been there four or five times in total over the years. 
However, all the employees of Heath Group recognized her. 
Ashton Heath looked like Lady Octavia. 
Therefore, Lady Octavia was also very beautiful. 
Even those who had only seen her once or twice had a deep impression of her. 
Those who had not seen her, upon seeing her face, could guess that she had a close relationship with Ashton Heath. 
Most people knew Lady Octavia. 
However, only a few knew Rebecca Kelloway. 
All the employees knew that President Ashton had a girlfriend, but they saw that Lady Octavia had brought another young and beautiful girl, and everyone was wondering about Rebecca’s identity in their hearts. 
Those who knew Rebecca’s identity, seeing this scene, couldn’t help but have their eyes filled with gossip. 
At this moment, President Ashton’s girlfriend was still with him. 
However, Lady Octavia brought Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family, which seemed like a good show was about to happen. 
Did Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family come here with Lady Octavia to show off? 
And looking at the close relationship between Lady Octavia and her, their relationship seemed to be very good. 
One was the girlfriend President Ashton himself found, and the other was the girl his mother liked. 
Who would President Ashton choose in the end?
Just as Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway had walked into the lobby, Cody Aberton returned with the clothes he had bought. 
As soon as he walked into the lobby carrying the clothes, he felt that something wasn’t quite right. When he looked ahead and saw that Lady Octavia had actually come, his face suddenly changed, and he immediately stepped forward respectfully and called out, "Madam." 
Lady Octavia heard a voice behind her and turned her head. When she saw Cody, she nodded slightly, "Is President Ashton in the company right now?" 
Cody clenched the bags in his hand and didn’t dare to take a deep breath, "Replying to Madam, President Ashton is here." 
Lady Octavia nodded again and continued walking forward after asking the question. 
However, Rebecca Kelloway didn’t move. Her eyes fell on the clothes bag that Cody was carrying. When she saw that it was a women’s clothing brand, her face darkened, and she gritted her teeth and asked, "Cody, who did you buy these clothes for?" 
Lady Octavia hadn’t noticed this issue before. 
When Rebecca mentioned it, she also lowered her head and looked over. Seeing that Cody was carrying two clothes bags, she also curiously asked, "Cody, did you just buy some clothes?" 
Under the gaze of the two, Cody felt immense pressure, even not daring to breathe too hard. He gasped and said, "Replying to Madam and Miss Kelloway, these clothes were... President Ashton asked me to buy them." 
Rebecca Kelloway quickly thought of a possibility. 
Her already dark face became even darker, and it seemed to drip water. Her teeth bit deeply into her lips, "Is Joanna Lawrence also here? These clothes are for her, right?" 
This was not the first time that Cody had been asked by Ashton Heath to do such a thing. 
So, he knew very well what President Ashton and Ms. Joanna had done in the office.
###Chapter 989: Chapter 987: Do You Know What Your Fate Will Be?
Originally, President Ashton and Ms. Joanna were legally married after obtaining a marriage certificate, and they were in President Ashton’s company, his own office. 
Whatever he wants to do with his wife, it’s all legal and normal. 
However, Cody Aberton was clear in his heart that if Lady Octavia found out about this, it would probably not be a good thing. 
To the older generation, during the daytime in the office... 
President Ashton is Lady Octavia’s own son, she definitely wouldn’t have too many ions towards her son. 
The main issue is Ms. Joanna. 
Perhaps, Lady Octavia would think that Ms. Joanna is shameless, seducing her son to do such things during the daytime. 
Originally, Lady Octavia was not too pleased with Ms. Joanna. 
If she were to find out... 
Sure enough, when Lady Octavia heard that Joanna Lawrence was also present, her face immediately changed. 
Upon seeing the bag of clothes in Cody Aberton’s hands, her face worsened. 
Very quickly, she and Rebecca Kelloway had the same thought. 
"Ms. Joanna is also here?" Lady Octavia stared at the bag of clothes in Cody Aberton’s hands with a gloomy face, containing her rage, "Is this clothes bought for her? What did she do, why do you need to buy clothes for her?" 
Rebecca Kelloway, seeing that Lady Octavia was angry, added fuel to the fire. "Cody, if I’m not mistaken. You’ve also bought a set of underwear, right? What exactly did Joanna and Ashton do for you to have to buy underwear for her?" 
How could Lady Octavia not understand the underlying meaning of her words? 
Her face immediately turned particularly ugly. 
Seeing this, Cody Aberton cursed Rebecca Kelloway in his heart, and hurriedly said, "Lady Octavia, the secretary upstairs accidentally spilled coffee on Ms. Joanna. You know, it’s summertime and the clothes are thin, so she needs to change the whole set." 
"The coffee was spilled on her?" Lady Octavia’s face still looked bad, but it was slightly better than before. 
Cody Aberton nodded seriously, "Yes, coffee was spilled on her. Ms. Joanna was wearing white today. Therefore, President Ashton asked me to go and buy a new set." 
"Hmm." 
After her questioning, Lady Octavia snorted coldly, "Then this secretary is too clumsy, can’t even do such a simple thing. Cody, are you telling the truth? You’re not lying to me, are you? The coffee really got spilled on her?" 
A layer of cold sweat broke out on Cody Aberton’s forehead, yet he dared not wipe it off. "Lady Octavia, where would I dare to lie to you? It really is like that." 
Seeing that Lady Octavia seemed to believe Cody’s words, Rebecca Kelloway turned her head and glared at Cody. "Cody, don’t you dare lie to Lady Octavia. If she finds out you lied to her, do you know what will happen to you?"
Cody Aberton: "..." 
Damnit. 
Why hadn’t he realized before how annoying Ms. Rebecca was? 
He even used to think she was a pretty decent person. 
Indeed, looks can be deceiving, one should not judge a book by its cover. 
"Ms. Kelloway, I don’t have the guts to lie to Lady Octavia. Besides, I have no reason to lie to her." Cody Aberton took a deep breath, hiding his anger. He had a forced smile on his face, "Ms. Kelloway, you are overthinking." 
"Really?" Rebecca Kelloway smirked, "You not lying to Lady Octavia is of course the best. But if you did..." 
She didn’t finish her words, but the threat was unspoken yet clear. 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
* 
Cody Aberton followed Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway to the president’s office floor with trepidation. 
When he got out of the elevator, he glanced in the direction of the president’s office, praying silently that his boss, President Ashton, wasn’t still with Ms. Joanna...
###Chapter 990: Chapter 988: I Don’t Want to Argue with You
He was somewhat worried. 
After all, President Ashton was quite energetic, and it was not impossible. 
If Lady Octavia ever found out that he had lied, he would be doomed. 
Even though he believed that President Ashton could protect him, angering his wife made him uneasy. 
He was not mentally strong enough to act as if nothing had happened. 
Arriving at the office door, Cody Aberton knocked apprehensively, "President Ashton, Ms. Joanna’s clothes have been purchased. Should I bring them in now, or..." 
Implying that if it’s inconvenient, he would come back later. 
"Come in." Fortunately, Ashton Heath quickly responded, and judging from his tone, he didn’t sound like he was still in the middle of something. 
Cody couldn’t help but sigh in relief. 
He pushed the door open. 
Entering the office and seeing Ashton neatly dressed, reading documents at his black desk, he let out a long sigh of relief. 
Even his footsteps felt lighter. 
He swiftly approached Ashton, lowered his voice and said, "President Ashton, Lady Octavia and Ms. Kelloway have arrived." 
As he was going through the documents, Ashton’s brow furrowed. Looking up, he saw Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway walk in, hand in hand. 
Upon entering the office, Rebecca immediately searched for Joanna. After scanning the room and not finding her, she couldn’t help but furrow her brows. 
Didn’t Cody say Joanna was also here? 
Why is she nowhere to be found now? 
Did Cody warn her in advance, so she hid?
If she were simply in Ashton’s office, there would be no need to hide. 
Unless... 
Rebecca clenched her fists, her face turned even paler. 
That shameless Joanna. 
In broad daylight, she couldn’t contain herself, even in a place like an office... 
She must have seduced Ashton with these siren-like tactics. 
Shameless, absolutely shameless. 
"Ashton, what’s with that expression? Don’t tell me, you no longer want to see me now? After a while, do you plan to sever our mother-son relationship?" Lady Octavia hadn’t had any contact with Ashton since he blocked her number last time. Seeing Ashton’s solemn face, her pent-up anger suddenly erupted. 
Her obedient son had always been respectful to her since childhood, but now he was indifferent and disrespectful towards her. 
How could she accept this? 
Ashton, with a stern face, glanced at Rebecca standing next to Lady Octavia, took a deep breath and said, "Mom, why are you here? I wish you’d told me beforehand." 
Lady Octavia snorted coldly and retorted, "Oh, so this place is some sort of military base, and I can’t come? Why should I tell you in advance? So, you can avoid me?" 
"You know that’s not what I meant." Ashton rubbed his temples, suffering from a headache, "Mom, can we have a proper conversation? I don’t want to argue with you." 
"So, you think I came here to argue with you?" Lady Octavia felt even angrier thinking about the previous blocking of her phone number. 
Ashton: "..." 
His headache grew worse. 
He looked at Lady Octavia helplessly, "I never said that, don’t twist my words. Cody, could you make Lady Octavia a cup of coffee?" 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
After leaving the clothes on the desk, Cody turned around and left the room. 
Lady Octavia glanced around the office and couldn’t help asking, "Wasn’t there another person here? Why can’t I see her?"
###Chapter 991: Chapter 989: Apart from her, there will be no one else
Lady Octavia was unwilling to admit to Joanna’s status. 
So when talking about her, she even hesitated to mention her name. 
Ashton noticed this and his face turned unpleasant: "Mom, are you referring to your daughter-in-law? She’s tired, so I let her go to the resting room for a while." 
Hearing the words "daughter-in-law," Lady Octavia’s expression stiffened. 
For her, this was undoubtedly a mockery. 
She always thought that her two sons were the best in the world, and their future partners had to be matching in social and economic status, just as outstanding as them. 
Especially compared to her eldest son, Brandon, she had always doted on her younger son, Ashton, a little more. 
But unexpectedly, the son she cared about the most had let her down with this matter. 
From a young age, Ashton had been sensible, capable of making his own decisions and doing things well without causing his parents worry. He had never disappointed them before. 
She had trusted her younger son entirely. 
However, she never expected that he wouldn’t let her worry about anything else. 
But in this matter, which she valued most in life, he disappointed her completely. 
He married a woman she couldn’t approve of from the bottom of her heart. 
And now, he even neglected her feelings, his mother, for that woman. 
This made Lady Octavia both furious and sad as she felt she had raised her son in vain! 
"Daughter-in-law?" Thinking of everything that had happened, Lady Octavia felt so vexed and angry that she couldn’t help but sneer. "I have never acknowledged that woman as my daughter-in-law. You brought her home without any discussions, but I won’t acknowledge her." 
"In my heart, there is only one person suitable to be my daughter-in-law, and that’s Rebecca." 
Ashton had always been considerate of Lady Octavia’s feelings and status as his elder. Even if he felt uncomfortable, he had never said anything too extreme. 
He feared it would worsen the mother-son relationship. 
Ashton knew how Lady Octavia had treated him, growing up.
He didn’t want to have a falling-out with her over this matter. 
After all, Lady Octavia was his mother, his closest kin. 
Ashton still hoped to resolve the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law conflict peacefully. 
However, no matter how capable he was, it was impossible for him to handle everything perfectly. 
Especially with Lady Octavia’s deep-rooted prejudice and dislike for Joanna. It was even more difficult for him to change her mind. 
Although Lady Octavia had been discontent with Joanna before, she didn’t make it too obvious due to Madam Heath’s presence. 
On the surface, it was still bearable. 
But now, she had directly expressed her dislike in front of him. 
Ashton’s face immediately changed. 
He didn’t expect Lady Octavia to like Joanna as much as he did. 
However, as his closest kin and elder, if she couldn’t even manage to love Joanna for his sake, he would be extremely disappointed and disheartened. 
Lady Octavia knew very well how much he loved and cared for Joanna. 
Yet she said such things in front of his face. 
It wasn’t just Joanna that she disregarded, she didn’t even take her own son’s feelings into account either. 
At this moment, Ashton no longer cared about mother-son affection, and said with a cold face: "Mom, let me make this clear to you. In this lifetime, there will only be one person as your daughter-in-law, and that is my wife, Joanna." 
"There won’t be anyone else."
###Chapter 992: Chapter 990: Ashton, are you still mad at me?
After saying that, he didn’t care about Lady Octavia’s reaction. He turned and looked coldly at Rebecca Kelloway: "I remember telling you not to come here looking for me again. I don’t know if I didn’t make myself clear, or if you thought I was joking." 
Facing his cold, unfeeling black eyes, Rebecca couldn’t help but shiver. 
She was well-aware of what Ashton Heath had said to her before. 
Today, she had the confidence to come because Lady Octavia was with her. 
She thought that even if she and Ashton had a big falling out before, they had known each other for more than twenty years, so he couldn’t possibly treat her like a stranger. 
But just now, in front of Lady Octavia, he didn’t leave her any face, which made her feel extremely humiliated. 
For a moment, her face looked a little ugly. Biting her lip, she forced a smile and said, "Ashton, are you still mad at me? I thought after all these days, you would have cooled off." 
"You said before... it was just a fit of anger." 
"We’ve had fights before, and you’ve also said things in anger. I—I never took them seriously." 
Though she said this, she knew very well whether Ashton was just speaking out of anger or not. 
She was merely trying to save face for herself. 
Ashton’s eyes grew colder: "Who told you that what I said was just a fit of anger? Do you think that by coming here with my mother, I can’t do anything to you? Rebecca Kelloway, don’t play these clever little games. I’ve made myself clear to you. People should know their own limits. Don’t force me to say even harsher things." 
"What kind of attitude is this? How can you treat Rebecca, a girl, like this!" Lady Octavia obviously defended Rebecca, grabbing her hand and frowning in displeasure. "Rebecca grew up with you, and our Heath family has always treated her like a daughter. Now, because of some not-so-important matters, you treat her like this. Are you planning to sever ties with her?" 
"Ashton, what are you thinking? You’re my son, raised by me, but now I don’t know you at all. What’s happened to you? You didn’t used to be like this." 
"Not important matters?" Ashton looked at Rebecca with an icy glare. "So, you went to my mom to tattle. Do you think what you did was not too much? Or do you think you’re the one who’s wronged?" 
"I didn’t..." Fear crossed Rebecca’s face. She leaned towards Lady Octavia, tightly gripping her arm with a frightened look. "I didn’t tattle to Lady Octavia. Ashton, please don’t be like this. I’m really scared..." 
"I know I was wrong, and I’ve already apologized to you. I can even apologize to Joanna, if that’s what it takes. As long as you can forgive me, I’ll do anything. But you won’t give me a chance." 
"I never thought about tattling to Lady Octavia. I just felt she needed to know our current relationship, so I told her about that incident. I didn’t lie to her about anything; I told her everything I’ve done." 
"You don’t believe me? You can ask Lady Octavia." 
"That’s right, Rebecca told me everything." Lady Octavia tenderly patted Rebecca’s hand, her face full of doting indulgence. "Rebecca was wrong, but she realized her mistake. She only did it because she cares about you that much."
###Chapter 993: Chapter 991: I Can Never Admit Her
"Can’t you forgive her just once?" 
"I don’t think she did something unforgivable. If she didn’t like you or care about you, would she have done that?" 
"Ashton, I brought her here this time, hoping that you two could reconcile. You are a grown man, can’t you be more broad-minded instead of competing with a girl? And severing ties? Our Heath family and the Kelloway family have had a long-standing relationship, the elders from both families are still on good terms, what kind of image does you, as a younger generation, severing ties present? Is it not a laughingstock?" 
"Rebecca has already apologized to you, what more do you want from her?" 
Ashton Heath’s face remained expressionless as Lady Octavia finished speaking. After a moment of silence, he replied coldly: "Mom, in your view, that might not be unforgivable, but it is for me. I have given her chances before, but she only became more relentless." 
"If you are here to plead on her behalf, I’m afraid the outcome will disappoint you." 
Lady Octavia was taken aback for a while, her face gradually turning ugly: "Even if I am the one pleading for her, you won’t give me that face?" 
"It has nothing to do with who is pleading." Ashton spoke to Lady Octavia, but his gaze was fixed on Rebecca, his voice cold and indifferent, "Anyone who hurts the person I care about will not receive any mercy." 
"If I forgave her, I would be doing wrong by my wife." 
"Ashton, you!" Lady Octavia was extremely angry, feeling utterly humiliated, "Is that woman really that important to you? I think you have been bewitched; you don’t even know what you are doing right now." 
Ashton’s gaze darkened: "Mom, she is your daughter-in-law. I hope you change the way you address her." 
"Daughter-in-law?" Lady Octavia was infuriated by his attitude, thundering, "I will never accept her. With her as she is, she must be dreaming if she thinks she can become the Heath family’s daughter-in-law. Does she think that marrying into the Heath family means she’ll live a worry-free life?" 
"I’m telling you, I will never recognize her status. If you have the guts to cut ties with your relatives for her, then I will act as if I never had a son like you!"
Ashton’s lips tightened, and his face turned gloomy. 
Lady Octavia stared at him unyieldingly. 
Rebecca, who was off to the side, watched the mother and son locked in a tense standoff, a trace of a cold smile flitting across her eyes. 
She wished that the relationship between Lady Octavia and Ashton would become more and more strained. 
Only then would Lady Octavia’s dislike and dissatisfaction with Joanna deepen. 
The more Lady Octavia hated Joanna, the more she would like Rebecca, and the more she would want her to marry Ashton. 
As long as Lady Octavia was helping, there was still a chance for everything. 
As the conflict between Ashton and Lady Octavia intensified, Joanna Lawrence, who was inside the resting room, had already regained consciousness. 
She had heard everything that Lady Octavia and Ashton said. 
Including everything Rebecca had said as well. 
When she heard Lady Octavia resolutely say that she would "never recognize her as her daughter-in-law," even though she had long known that Lady Octavia did not like her, her heart was still inevitably hurt. 
Being so despised by one’s own mother-in-law, no matter how strong one’s heart is or how indifferent one appears, one’s inner feelings can’t be completely unaffected. 
But Ashton’s unwavering support made her feel especially warm inside. 
He did not show any favoritism just because Lady Octavia was his mother. 
He did not let her feel wronged in such a situation. 
This alone touched her deeply.
###Chapter 994: Chapter 992: She Really Likes Him So Much
If it weren’t for Lady Octavia and Rebecca still outside, she would have run out and hugged Ashton, giving him a kiss. 
How could her husband be so amazing? 
She really, really liked him. 
At this moment, she was genuinely grateful that she had chosen to marry him. 
If she had missed out on such a man, she would probably regret it for the rest of her life. 
Joanna stood at the door, peeking through the crack to see Lady Octavia’s face growing increasingly unpleasant. 
She thought for a moment and sent Ashton a message on Twitter: Honey, I just heard Mom’s voice, did she come over? Quickly bring me my clothes, Mom’s here, and I need to go out and see her. 
Lady Octavia didn’t like Joanna, and naturally, Joanna didn’t like her either. 
She could have continued pretending to sleep, not needing to go out and see Lady Octavia at all. 
She didn’t want to see Lady Octavia. 
But after thinking it through, she decided to go out and greet Lady Octavia. 
No matter what, Lady Octavia was still Ashton’s birth mother. 
Even if she couldn’t bring herself to love everything about her, she couldn’t lose basic respect for her. 
No matter how Lady Octavia treated her. 
As a daughter-in-law, she just needed to do her part well. 
At least, she needed to have a clear conscience. 
As for the things that couldn’t be forced, she didn’t want to force them anymore. 
By now, the only person she cared about was Ashton. 
As long as he continued to stand by her side. 
For everyone else, she didn’t care anymore. 
Outside the resting room. 
Ashton’s phone, which was placed on the office desk, "dinged." After seeing Joanna’s message on Twitter, he put down his phone and picked up the clothes bag on the table. 
Not bothering to greet Lady Octavia and Rebecca, he turned and entered the resting room directly. 
At his action, Lady Octavia’s face turned black with anger, her chest heaving up and down. 
"Lady Octavia, please don’t be angry." Rebecca bit her lip lightly, appearing gentle and understanding, "Ashton’s not targeting you; he just... didn’t want to see me. I... I should leave." 
Blinking, her eyes brimming with tears, she continued, "I shouldn’t have come here. I don’t want to cause trouble between you and Ashton." 
"What nonsense are you talking about." The more angry Lady Octavia was with Ashton, the more sensible Rebecca seemed to her. At this moment, she only wished that Rebecca was her daughter. How nice would it be if she had a daughter who was so sensible, obedient, and considerate. 
She wouldn’t have been treated like this then. 
"Rebecca, this has nothing to do with you," Lady Octavia stared at the closed door of the resting room, grinding her teeth with hatred, "It’s all because of that siren. Ever since she married into the Heath family, our home has become so discordant." 
"Why are you leaving? What’s there to be afraid of? Even if she’s married to Ashton, she’s nothing. Today, I must wait for that siren to come out. I want to see what she dares to do to me." 
Rebecca watched as Lady Octavia’s eyes filled with hatred and discontent, her own calculating and triumphant gaze quickly flashing past. 
* 
In the resting room. 
Joanna changed her clothes and went to the bathroom to tidy up. After ensuring her appearance was in order, she followed Ashton out. 
When they reached the door, Ashton stopped, lowered his head, and hesitated, "Do you really want to go out? If you don’t want to..." 
"Honey, it wouldn’t be right for me to know that Mom is here and keep hiding without going out to see her. She’s your mom and now also mine. I have to respect her. Besides, with you by my side, I know you’ll protect me, right?"
###Chapter 995: Chapter 993: No One Can Bully You
The man’s deep eyes darkened, and his voice lowered: "Say it again." 
Joanna blinked, feigning ignorance: "Say what again?" 
She was being so proactive this time because of his excellent performance earlier. 
Ashton Heath wrapped his arm around her waist, tightened his grip, and pinched her slender waist. His gaze was focused and full of affection, while his tone was somewhat overbearing yet irresistibly gentle: "Call me husband." 
Joanna blinked again, her lips curling up sweetly: "Didn’t I just say it?" 
"Mhm. I didn’t get enough. Say it again." 
Considering the way the man had defended her in front of Lady Octavia earlier, Joanna felt warmth in her heart. She looked at him tenderly and called out softly yet again: "Husband." 
Ashton’s Adam’s apple bobbed twice. 
He lowered his head, his eyes blazing. 
Joanna was all too familiar with this look. 
She was afraid that the man might act impulsively and do something irrational. 
Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway were still outside. 
Joanna didn’t want them to think she was being improper during the day, still acting like a siren clinging to Ashton Heath. 
"Mom is still outside!" Joanna slapped the man’s arm, her eyes filled with warning, "You’re not allowed to be reckless!" 
Ashton kept silent, his deep gaze lingering on her for a moment. He took a deep breath to slow his breathing. 
The arm wrapped around her waist didn’t loosen. He spoke again, his voice no longer as hoarse as before: "I know. Baby, of course I will protect you. No one but me can bully you." 
"I just don’t want to make you unhappy. I want to do everything perfectly so everyone is satisfied, but not everything is within my control. Mom still has misunderstandings about you, and I can’t change her opinion right away. It’s inevitable that you might be wronged." 
Joanna nodded, expressing her understanding: "You don’t have to worry, I know all about it. I’m not a dollar bill, naturally, I can’t make everyone like me. Actually, as long as you and Grandma spoil me, I’m already very content." 
Although she said this, Ashton’s eyes still showed a hint of apology: "In any case, I still let you be wronged." 
"I don’t feel wronged at all." Joanna looked into the man’s self-blaming eyes and hugged him, "My husband treats me so well, giving me so much happiness, and making me so happy every day. How could I feel wronged?" 
"I’m very happy, blessed, and extremely satisfied with my current life." 
"Ashton Heath, all of this is because of you." 
Joanna affirmed, word by word: "You’ve already done a great job. I won’t allow you to blame yourself." 
Ashton looked down at the petite, soft girl in his arms, and her words touched a particularly tender spot in his heart. 
His eyes softened. He reached out to stroke her head indulgently and whispered: "Okay, I won’t blame myself. I’ll strive to do even better and give my wife even more happiness." 
* 
The couple walked out of the resting room hand in hand. 
When Rebecca saw the intimate scene of the two, her face couldn’t help but darken. 
Lady Octavia’s face was also cold. When she saw Joanna, her expression grew even colder. 
As soon as Joanna came out, she was met with two frosty faces...
###Chapter 996: Chapter 994: Oh, Ms. Kelloway is here too?
She pretended to know nothing and took the initiative to greet Lady Octavia, "Mom, you’re here. I’m sorry, I was asleep and didn’t come out to greet you right away. Oh, Ms. Kelloway is here too?" 
Joanna looked at Rebecca and deliberately put on a very surprised and unexpected expression, "Honey, you only told me that Mom was coming, but you didn’t tell me that Ms. Kelloway was here too. Did Ms. Kelloway come with Mom?" 
Ashton Heath did not tell her that Rebecca was here as well. 
But Joanna knew. 
She had heard the conversation between Lady Octavia and Rebecca outside earlier. 
She said this on purpose to make Rebecca upset. 
She knew what mattered most to Rebecca and understood how to make her feel uncomfortable. 
When she called Ashton her "honey", Rebecca’s face had already turned sour. 
After she finished speaking, the resentment in Rebecca’s eyes was about to spill out. 
Joanna looked at Rebecca’s gloomy expression, unable to vent her anger, and smiled, "Mom, Ms. Kelloway, please sit down. By the way, what would you like to drink? Did the secretary prepare it?" 
She spoke to Lady Octavia and Rebecca as if she were the hostess. 
After all these actions, both Lady Octavia’s and Rebecca’s faces darkened a couple of shades. 
Lady Octavia was a little better, but Rebecca’s face was extremely unpleasant. 
It was because Joanna was mainly targeting her. 
Those words were mainly for her to hear. 
Rebecca wasn’t stupid, so she definitely felt it. 
However, in front of Lady Octavia and Ashton, she could only suppress her anger and pretend to know nothing. 
Nevertheless, seeing Joanna so close to Ashton, calling him "honey," she felt an overwhelming jealousy. 
What she couldn’t accept even more was the look in Ashton’s eyes when he looked at Joanna. 
Such focused pampering... 
It seemed as if she was the only one in his eyes. 
Such gaze, full of love and devotion, had never appeared in her dreams. 
If only... he would look at her with the same eyes, she would probably feel like the happiest person in the world. 
But she had been waiting for him for more than twenty years. 
Yet, he gave all his love to another woman. 
She really couldn’t accept it. 
If loving him was destined to end like this, then what was the point of her twenty years of devotion? 
He didn’t even feel touched for a moment. 
Rebecca felt sadder and more distressed the more she thought about it, and despite trying to hold it in, she couldn’t help but say with a hint of sarcasm, "Ms. Joanna doesn’t need to entertain us. With Lady Octavia visiting her son’s company, the secretary would not dare to neglect us, and we don’t need Ms. Joanna to worry about these things." 
"As for Ms. Joanna saying she was asleep, I noticed it’s already past lunchtime. Why would Ms. Joanna sleep at this hour?" 
These words from Rebecca seemed normal on the surface. 
But any person with a little bit of insight could hear that there was another meaning in her words. 
As soon as she finished speaking, Lady Octavia’s face darkened nearby. 
"Rebecca is right. Ashton is my son, and I’m visiting his company. There are plenty of people to serve me. There are no outsiders here, so there’s no need for you to be so polite. It’s already so late, and you’re still sleeping. You didn’t sleep earlier or later, but when Rebecca and I came, you were sleeping."
###Chapter 997: Chapter 995: You Can Do Whatever You Want With Me
"Only you know if you were really asleep or not," 
Lady Octavia hadn’t thought that much about it initially. 
But after hearing what Rebecca said, she instantly became dissatisfied with Joanna. 
She believed Joanna was doing it on purpose. 
Knowing that she was coming but intentionally hiding inside and not coming out. 
The more she looked at her disrespectful daughter-in-law, the more displeased she became. 
As expected, nothing good could come from small households. 
Only matching in social and economic status would do. 
If Rebecca was her daughter-in-law, she wouldn’t have been so dissatisfied. 
Her excellent son, who she cultivated from childhood, was taken away by such a woman – it was simply infuriating. 
Ashton Heath frowned, "Mom, you..." 
"Mom, I really was sleeping." Joanna held tight onto Ashton’s arm, lifted her head and gave him a "don’t worry, be patient" look. Then she smiled and said to Lady Octavia, "I was waiting for Ashton to have dinner together. He was busy with work and couldn’t accompany me, so I didn’t want to disturb him. That’s why I went in to sleep for a while." 
"I really didn’t know you were here. It’s only when he came in just now and woke me up that I knew." 
"If I made you feel uncomfortable, I apologize." 
Before Lady Octavia could open her mouth, Ashton coldly said, "What apology? It’s not like you did it on purpose. What’s wrong with this time? How come one can’t sleep now? Who made a rule that you must sleep at a certain time?" 
"You’re the Lady Boss of Heath Group. Even if you were to play Cribbage with others in the office, no one would dare to say anything." 
Rebecca’s face turned pale in an instant. 
Ashton’s words were clearly aimed at her. 
His action was undoubtedly a public slap in her face, and a crisp one at that. 
It was bad enough that Ashton didn’t give her face; it was even worse that he did so in front of Joanna. Rebecca’s face alternated between green and white, looking extremely unsightly. 
As for her husband’s vigorous defense, Joanna was, of course, quite satisfied. 
She cooperated and said, "Can I really play Cribbage in your office with others?" 
Ashton lowered his head, not caring what Lady Octavia or Rebecca would think, and his face was full of indulgence. "Of course. I’ve told you, you can do whatever you want here." 
"Hubby, you’re so good. Thank you for being so good to me. Marrying you and being your wife, I’m really happy and contented." Joanna glanced at Lady Octavia and Rebecca’s darkening faces and decided she could push it further to make them feel more stifled in their hearts. 
In any case, she had already seen it clearly. 
Lady Octavia’s dislike for her was deeply ingrained. 
No matter what she said or did, the situation wouldn’t change. 
Therefore, she couldn’t be bothered to try to please her and attempt to mend their relationship any longer. 
She just needed to do the superficial things well. 
This was to not make Ashton feel embarrassed. 
Even though she didn’t like Lady Octavia, she was still Ashton’s biological mother. 
That relationship would never change for life. 
It was impossible for her to let Ashton give up his mother for her sake. 
Ashton had seen through her little thoughts a long time ago, but he chose not to say anything. His handsome face was full of indulgence, and he even gently patted her head, whispering, "Being able to marry you and be your husband, I too am very happy and content."
###Chapter 998: Chapter 996: Always on the verge of passing out from anger
The two were displaying affection as if no one else was around. 
Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway seemed to become invisible, their faces turning a shade of green. Their gazes at Joanna Lawrence were full of hatred, as if they wanted to poke a hole in her body. 
Lady Octavia gritted her teeth angrily. 
What a shameless siren this girl was. 
Right in front of her, she flirted with her son. 
Who knows what she would do when they were alone? 
Lady Octavia suddenly thought of the incident when Cody Aberton went shopping for clothes. 
Cody Aberton said that he spilled coffee on her, so he had to buy her a new set of clothes. 
But... 
Lady Octavia had believed Cody Aberton at first, but now she was deeply suspicious. 
With such shameless behavior in front of her, this woman was obviously not well-behaved. 
It wouldn’t be surprising if this kind of woman did something outrageous. 
As for the coffee spill, it was highly unlikely... 
Lady Octavia’s face turned darker, her hands trembling with anger. 
How could there be such a shameless woman! 
Her background wasn’t good enough, and her behavior was loose and unrestrained. 
How could such a siren be a match for her son! 
At this moment, Lady Octavia was determined not to let Joanna Lawrence stay in the Heath family no matter what. 
Such a daughter-in-law would tarnish the reputation and dignity of the Heath family status, making them a laughingstock. 
In the future, the entire Heath family would become the butt of jokes in upper-class society. 
She had been enjoying a respectable life for so many years, and she could not afford to lose face! 
Therefore, she would not let Joanna Lawrence stay in the Heath family no matter what. She couldn’t watch the Heath family become the laughingstock of others. 
"Ashton, you can be affectionate with your wife whenever you want. Right now, I need to talk to you. Tell her to leave." Lady Octavia only asked Joanna Lawrence to leave, without mentioning Rebecca Kelloway. 
Even to his own mother, Ashton Heath didn’t give any face, saying directly: "Joanna isn’t an outsider, and there’s no need for her to leave for anything. Mom, if you have anything to say, just say it straight. There’s no need for anyone to leave." 
Seeing him defending Joanna Lawrence time and time again, as if she were his most precious treasure, afraid to let her be wronged even a little, the anger in Lady Octavia’s chest surged a few feet higher, making her feel like her head was about to explode. 
"Since I asked her to leave, it means it’s not convenient to talk in front of her. What’s the matter? Just by asking her to leave, you feel uneasy? Am I an evil witch who would harm her?" 
"No matter what I say, you don’t take it seriously!" 
"Ashton Heath, do you still have me as your mother in your eyes? Or are you going to abandon your mother now that you are married?"
Lady Octavia became more and more furious, and the last few words she yelled. 
She lost all the elegance of a noble madam that she usually had. 
Now, she seemed more down-to-earth and full of life. 
A faint scent of gunpowder filled the air. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at Lady Octavia, whose chest heaved violently as she became angrier, her face turning green. Joanna couldn’t help but worry if she would really faint in anger. 
If Lady Octavia fainted, even if it wasn’t their fault, they would be blamed for being disrespectful and unfilial. 
After some consideration, Joanna decided to give in: "Ashton, I should step away for now. I also want to go out for some fresh air. You should have a good talk with Mom."
###Chapter 999: Chapter 997: Is This the Rhythm of Stirring Things Up?
As for Joanna Lawrence, it didn’t really bother her. 
She wouldn’t get angry anyway. 
No matter what Lady Octavia said to Ashton Heath, she would find out eventually. 
And not being with Lady Octavia and Rebecca Kelloway was a relief for her. 
"Joanna, are you..." Ashton furrowed his eyebrows, thinking she was angry. 
"I’m just going out for a walk, I’ll be back soon." Joanna knew what he was thinking and didn’t care how Lady Octavia and Rebecca would see her. After hesitating for a few seconds, she tiptoed up and gently kissed Ashton’s handsome face. 
That should stop him from having any wild thoughts, right? 
Indeed, her kiss worked wonders. 
The man’s expression relaxed, and he looked down at her for a few seconds to make sure she wasn’t really angry before he sighed and patted her head, "Alright, go and enjoy your walk. Do you have enough money on you, or do you need me to..." 
"No, no, I have enough money with me. When I don’t have enough, I’ll ask you for it." 
"Alright," Ashton said indulgently, "Just let me know if you need more." 
The two of them demonstrated their affection to each other once again.
Rebecca gritted her teeth as she watched, her nails digging deep into her palms, but she couldn’t feel any pain. 
Lady Octavia had looked displeased the whole time. 
The more Joanna showed affection for Ashton, the more enraged she became. 
In her mind, she had already decided that Joanna was a shameless woman. 
That’s why, even when Joanna was simply being affectionate with her husband, Lady Octavia felt that she was deliberately seducing her son. 
Such actions of a siren. 
* 
After Joanna left, 
Ashton returned to his desk and looked coldly at Lady Octavia, "Now can you tell me? What is so important that it required my wife to leave?" 
"Lady Octavia, I will step out for a moment as well." 
Rebecca, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke up with a thoughtful look, "Lady Octavia, why don’t you and Ashton have a talk? I’ll wait for you outside." 
Lady Octavia thought that it wouldn’t be good to say certain things in front of Rebecca, so she nodded and said, "Alright, you can go first." 
* 
As Joanna came out of the restroom, she saw Rebecca waiting outside. 
"Joanna Lawrence, let’s have a talk." Rebecca looked at her coldly, "There are some things that I think we need to clear up." 
Joanna looked at her and smiled, "Ms. Kelloway, you weren’t waiting outside just for me, were you?" 
She just asked casually, but Rebecca nodded in affirmation, "Yes, I was waiting for you." 
Joanna: "...." 
Rebecca seemed impatient, "Why don’t we find a place to talk?" 
"Sure." 
Joanna thought about some things and felt it necessary to have a proper conversation with Rebecca. She nodded, "I want to have a good talk with you, too." 
The Heath Group had a coffee shop on the premises. 
The two took the elevator downstairs to the coffee shop. 
There were still some employees having afternoon coffee in the shop. Some of them recognized Joanna and Rebecca, and as they walked into the coffee shop, they looked at them curiously, anticipating a scene. 
Wow. 
The CEO’s current girlfriend and his childhood sweetheart were together in the same place. 
Was something about to go down? 
It was said that the childhood sweetheart came with Lady Octavia today. 
Was she trying to provoke the current girlfriend? 
Once a woman’s gossip soul is ignited, it’s hard to stop. 
After Joanna and Rebecca chose a table and sat down, Joanna didn’t bother beating around the bush and asked directly, "Ms. Kelloway, let’s get straight to the point, shall we?
###Chapter 1000: Chapter 998: I advise you to be smart
"I don’t have a clue what you want to talk to me about." 
"Heh." Rebecca Kelloway watched her with an ironic expression, "Why play the fool, Joanna Lawrence? You know exactly why I’m here to talk to you, and I don’t like to beat around the bush, so I’ll just get straight to it." 
"To tell you the truth, Lady Octavia visited today intending to persuade Ashton away from you. The fact that Lady Octavia doesn’t like you should be crystal clear to you. Ashton married you into the Heath family secretly, behind their backs. If Ashton hadn’t stealthily gotten a marriage license with you, based on the normal process, you would never have married into the Heath family." 
"You’re aware of that, aren’t you?" 
Rebecca Kelloway couldn’t stand Joanna Lawrence down to her core.
In her eyes, Joanna had such a lowly origin that she couldn’t even rate. 
If it weren’t for Ashton Heath, someone like Joanna wouldn’t even be worthy of talking to her. 
From the moment of her birth, she was a well-bred lady of noble status. 
Therefore, when facing Joanna, she always had a sense of superiority radiating from her bones. 
She always seemed to be pedestalizing herself. 
Even when she spoke, she was always on her high horse, with an air of arrogance. 
"So what?" Joanna’s expression on her face remained unchanged, a faint smile appeared at the corner of her mouth, with a nonchalant manner, "What is Ms. Kelloway trying to convey?" 
Seeing that Joanna was still playing dumb, Rebecca scoffed in irritation. "Joanna Lawrence, I really don’t know what you’re thinking. You are well aware Lady Octavia dislikes you, Ashton only married you because you had some therapeutic effect on his androphobia. So, why do you keep shamelessly sticking to him?" 
"Is it because you can’t let go of the position as the young lady of the Heath family?" 
"But you need to understand one thing, just because you married Ashton, doesn’t mean that your position as the young lady of the Heath family is secured. Lady Octavia is, after all, Ashton’s biological mother. Any rift they may have now is temporary. Ashton treats you well now because you’ve only been together a short time, he still finds you novel, and you still have some use for him." 
"Before that, he really wouldn’t have considered divorce." 
"But what about later?" Rebecca Kelloway looked maliciously gleeful, "When you’ve been together a long time, will he still find you novel? When his illness is cured, will you still be of use to him?" 
"At that time, he will dump you without hesitation." 
"Oh, really?" Joanna just listened to her, still looking unconcerned, as if she didn’t take her words seriously at all. "So, I’m really curious, what is Ms. Kelloway trying to tell me?" 
Rebecca Kelloway felt that Joanna was playing dumb. 
She knew full well what Rebecca was implying, yet she deliberately pretended not to understand. 
She gritted her teeth and spat venomously, "If you were smart, you’d leave him now and get a decent payout. Otherwise, once he tires of you, you may not get a dime." 
"Joanna Lawrence, I advise you to use your brain. The payout you can get now would be enough to provide you with a lifetime of comfort. If you insist on staying with the Heath family, nothing good will come your way." 
Joanna’s face hadn’t shown any expression throughout, but at this point, she finally couldn’t help but laugh.
###Chapter 1001: Chapter 999: No one in the Heath family will acknowledge your status
Rebecca Kelloway frowned at her and asked, "What are you laughing at?" 
Joanna Lawrence laughed again: "It sounds like Miss Kelloway is doing me a favor. You’re so concerned about me, I feel quite touched." 
Rebecca: "Joanna, I hope you can be realistic. If Lady Octavia never agrees to you and Ashton being together, do you think you can still be happy together? Lady Octavia is Ashton’s biological mother, he wouldn’t abandon her for you." 
"Oh, I get it." Joanna pretended to be suddenly enlightened. "Miss Kelloway is here to persuade me to divorce Ashton Heath. Is my understanding correct?"
Rebecca looked at her indifferent expression and became angry: "If you were wise enough, you would know what is best for you without me advising you." 
The coffee shop waiter came over with their coffee, Joanna took hers and slowly sipped a mouthful before looking up at Rebecca: "Let me be frank with you, Miss Kelloway. Even though you have gone to great lengths for my sake and considered many things for me, I’m afraid I must disappoint you." 
She met Rebecca’s furious gaze, calmly took another sip of her coffee, and smiled faintly, "Sorry, I have no intention of divorcing my husband. I have no plans now, nor will I ever. So, Miss Kelloway, there’s no need to persuade me anymore." 
"Joanna, do you really think that by clinging to him like this, you can continue to be the secure wife of the Heath family’s second young master?" Joanna’s repeated stubbornness infuriated Rebecca, making it difficult for her to maintain her outward calm. 
"That’s between my husband and me. It doesn’t concern you, Miss Kelloway?" Joanna’s tone remained light, but there was a hint of coldness in her voice. "It’s not good for Miss Kelloway to be so concerned about other people’s family matters." 
"Although the Heath family and the Kelloway family have been friends for generations, and you and my husband grew up together as friends, you are still an outsider after all. It’s a bit too much for you to keep an eye on other people’s family affairs and meddle in your friend’s marriage, isn’t it?" 
"Miss Kelloway, you should know that in matters between husband and wife, even the intervention of relatives is unnecessary. And besides, you’re not even a family member." The coldness in Joanna’s tone was now apparent. 
She felt that Rebecca was completely clueless deep down. 
Was it because she had been too gentle with her twice before that Rebecca thought she was as easy to manipulate as soft persimmon? 
Don’t they know not to provoke a tiger if it doesn’t show its fangs, or else they’ll think it’s a harmless cat? 
"So what?" Rebecca sneered, "Whether you like it or not, my position in the Kelloway family is higher than yours. Lady Octavia still favors me as her daughter-in-law, and no matter how you married Ashton, no one in the Heath family will acknowledge your status." 
"Joanna, your background and profession are a disgrace to the Heath family. If people knew Ashton married a woman like you, do you know how much he would be laughed at, and the entire Heath family would be ridiculed." 
"You’re not even presentable as a wife." 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh again: "Even if I’m not presentable, at least my personal ethics are intact, and I know not to covet married men. As for you, Miss Kelloway, you’re shamelessly after my husband, trying to break up our relationship. Don’t you think that’s even worse?"
###Chapter 1002: Chapter 1000: Joanna Lawrence, don’t be too greedy.
"Even if one has an emotional attachment, once someone else is married with a family, they should know how to let go on time, shouldn’t they?" 
"Ms. Kelloway, instead of having any hint of consciousness, crossed the line by going directly to someone else’s wife, arrogantly urging the wife to divorce. I think the words ’shameless’ are not enough to express the audacity of such a person." 
"Joanna Lawrence, what are you talking about?" Rebecca Kelloway slams her hand on the table with a "bang". 
The noise immediately attracted the attention of the employees around them. 
Noticing the eyes on her, she takes a deep breath, holding back her anger, but her eyes are still filled with rage as she grits her teeth looking at Joanna whispering, "The shameless and audacious one is you. I have known Ashton for more than twenty years; who do you think you are to interfere in between us?" 
"If it weren’t for you, I would have been the one to marry Ashton. It’s you who shamelessly came in between us and stole the man I liked. Do you really think you could have comfortably married into the Heath family if it hadn’t been for you tricking Ashton into marrying you surreptitiously?" 
"You used such a shameful method to marry him, yet now you dare to claim the title of the young lady of the Heath family." 
Joanna found this amusing, she can’t help but laugh out loud. "Shameful method? Ashton Heath and I are legally married, how is that shameful? I didn’t force him to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau; it was him who couldn’t wait to marry me." 
"Maybe it’s because he loves me so much." 
"As for the title of being part of the Heath family..." Seeing Rebecca’s face turning extremely dark, Joanna softly smirks, "I am legally and officially recognized with this status, Ms. Kelloway, do you have any problem with that?" 
"Joanna Lawrence, what will it take for you to leave Ashton?" Rebecca clenched her fists in a rage, "How much money do you want? Is one hundred million dollars enough? This amount of money would allow you to live a good life." 
"As long as you are willing to divorce Ashton now, I will pay this amount." 
To Rebecca, this amount of money was astronomical. 
Even though actors are well-paid nowadays, a newbie like Joanna Lawrence with no popularity cannot get high remuneration. 
One hundred million dollar is an impressive amount for her. 
Rebecca believes she has already given a lot. 
If Joanna was smart, she would take this money and quickly divorce Ashton.
"Ms. Kelloway, do you know?" Joanna stirs her coffee with a spoon, quietly drinks it, then takes a long moment before lifting her head to smile at Rebecca. 
Rebecca continues with her stern face, "What do you want to say? You are not satisfied with one hundred million dollars? Joanna Lawrence, don’t be too greedy." 
Joanna Lawrence chuckles. 
Rebecca’s face becomes even sterner: "What are you laughing at!" 
Joanna laughs for a while before looking at her and says seriously, "It seems Ms. Kelloway, you do not know that your Lady Octavia had contacted me before about the same matter." 
"What are you saying?!" Rebecca looks at her, taken aback. 
Joanna realizes that Rebecca genuinely knows nothing about this. 
She had assumed that Lady Octavia had informed her about this. 
After all, those two were as close as a mother and daughter. 
"You asked what it would take for me to leave Ashton, I already told Lady Octavia my terms. Lady Octavia hasn’t given me a clear answer yet, Ms. Kelloway if you really want me to divorce Ashton, maybe you should try persuading Lady Octavia."
###Chapter 1003: Chapter 1001: It’s Better for Girls to Be a Bit Cuter
"I’ve already stated my condition. Ms. Kelloway, you should talk to Lady Octavia. As long as she’s willing to agree to my request, I can fulfill your requirements at any time. If there’s nothing else, Ms. Kelloway, I’ll take my leave first." 
"Oh, and by the way, the guest is always right. Consider today’s coffee on me, Ms. Kelloway." 
At this moment, a waiter passed by their table. 
Joanna called the waiter over. 
The waiter, well aware of her identity, displayed exceptional deference, bowing deeply and saying, "Ms. Joanna, how may I assist you?" 
After all, this Ms. Joanna was President Ashton’s girlfriend. 
And she was the first girlfriend he’d had in over twenty years. 
No matter if she could marry into the Heath family or not, 
Her current uniqueness alone was not something they could afford to overlook. 
And who knew, maybe she’d be the Cinderella to marry into a wealthy family? Although such stories were cliché, they weren’t unheard of in reality. 
So no matter what, politeness was a must. 
Joanna picked up her coffee cup, finished the last sip, and placed the empty cup back down, saying, "All of Ms. Kelloway’s expenses at Heath Group today are free. Inform the cashier not to charge her." 
The waiter hesitated, glancing at Rebecca’s darkening expression, but only for a moment before quickly replying with respect, "Yes, I will inform the cashier right away." 
After giving her instructions, Joanna picked up her bag and stood up. 
She looked at Rebecca’s gloomy face and gave a slight smile, "Ms. Kelloway, I hope you’ll seriously consider my suggestion. I’ve laid out my conditions; if you think you can’t do it, don’t come to me again." 
"My condition is the only one, and it will not change, whether it’s now or in the future." 
"By the way, the desserts at this Heath Group coffee shop are quite good. I recommend that Ms. Kelloway try some. Eating sweets will lift your mood, making you happier and more adorable. As a girl, it’s better to be more adorable." 
The nearby waiter couldn’t help but be surprised by Joanna’s words and stole several glances at her. 
Meanwhile, Rebecca’s face grew increasingly twisted with anger, yet she had no choice but to suppress her temper. Her expression now appeared contorted and terrifying. 
At this moment, she didn’t resemble a woman. 
That hideous expression was frightening to look at. 
Having said her piece, Joanna left with a pleased smile on her face. 
Just a few steps after her departure, she heard a sudden crash behind her, followed by the slightly panicked voice of the waiter, "Ms. Kelloway, are you alright?" 
Joanna turned to look back. 
The coffee cup in front of Rebecca had hit the floor. 
The cup smashed into pieces, and coffee splattered everywhere. 
* 
Not long after Joanna left the coffee shop, Rebecca also got up and left. 
Both had entered together but left separately, one with a smile on her face and the other with a gloomy expression, making people curious about what they discussed. 
As soon as Rebecca left, the waiter who had served them coffee immediately found her close friends. A group of girls gathered and excitedly started gossiping. 
"Wow, do you guys know? You know, President Ashton’s girlfriend...She looks so well-behaved and fairy-like, with an air of softness and fragility, doesn’t she?"
###Chapter 1004: Chapter 1002: Surprisingly, Joanna Lawrence Won
Other female waitresses nodded their heads: "Yeah, what happened? When you delivered things to them, did you hear anything about their conversation? Ms. Kelloway looked terrible when she left. Did they have a fight?" 
"I originally thought Ms. Joanna would be at a disadvantage. After all, she seemed like the kind of woman who wouldn’t have a strong fighting spirit. But who could have known that she would have the upper hand? Ms. Kelloway was so furious that she almost spat blood!" 
"Really? Is she that amazing?" 
"Yes, she’s not as weak as she looks. I think Ms. Joanna is pretty amazing, and it’s not easy to make her suffer a loss. Just think about it, President Ashton has been surrounded by all kinds of beauties; even if she’s beautiful, he isn’t lacking beauties." 
"So a woman who can catch President Ashton’s eye must be both intelligent and beautiful. I think maybe Ms. Joanna will really marry into the Heath family and become the young mistress." 
The waitress told her colleagues everything she had heard before. 
After hearing it, the others also showed a surprised expression. 
Because Joanna gave them the impression of being an obedient, weak girl, the kind who needs to be protected. 
Rebecca, on the other hand, seemed more dominant and difficult to handle from her appearance. 
Moreover, Rebecca was the daughter of the Kelloway family. 
Just this upbringing alone could outshine countless other women. 
If they were to say that men like President Ashton are heaven’s prince, then Rebecca would be the heavenly maiden. 
In comparison to Rebecca, Joanna was like a gentle lamb and an elegant, noble, and beautiful swan. 
So when Rebecca and Joanna walked into the coffee shop, everyone believed that the negotiation between the two would surely be won by Rebecca. 
It would be a foregone conclusion. 
But in the end, Joanna was the winner. 
This was too surprising. 
"Who would have thought that Ms. Joanna looked like an easy target, but had such a dominant personality." 
"That’s not really dominance, is it? I think her character is pretty good, and she won’t be easily taken advantage of." 
"I also feel her character is pretty likable. In any case, with President Ashton backing her, she doesn’t really need to be afraid of Ms. Rebecca. However, there have been rumors that Ms. Rebecca is into President Ashton. What do you guys think, is it true?" 
"Of course, it’s true. With a man like President Ashton, it’s hard for any woman to resist his charm. Most affluent offspring are playboys, but look at our President Ashton, he’s handsome, comes from a good family, and doesn’t have a chaotic private life. It’s hard to find a man like him in the world." 
"Yeah, I heard that President Ashton used to fly to Frankfurt every day to visit Joanna on set. He doesn’t mind the daily commute, so it’s obvious he genuinely likes Ms. Joanna. Sigh, men as good as President Ashton are hard to find even with a lantern." 
"Since Ms. Kelloway is also attracted to President Ashton, wouldn’t she be very unwilling to accept that he has a girlfriend now?" 
"Of course she’s unwilling. Today she came with Lady Octavia to demonstrate her strength. But I think President Ashton isn’t a mama’s boy, and even if Ms. Kelloway has Lady Octavia’s help, it won’t be of any use if President Ashton doesn’t like her." 
"Sigh, to be honest, just considering various conditions, don’t you all think that Ms. Kelloway is more suitable for our President Ashton?"
###Chapter 1005: Chapter 1003: A Matter of Utmost Urgency
The two grew up together since childhood, with both families being lifelong friends and both of them being attractive. If they were to get married, the Heath family and the Kelloway family would form a strong alliance." 
"Ms. Joanna is pretty, but in other respects, she doesn’t quite match up with President Ashton. Moreover, she’s an actress, and wealthy families despise entertainers. I think they’ll eventually break up anyway." 
* 
Just as Joanna Lawrence left the coffee shop, she received a phone call from Aria Rowlett. 
Aria claimed that she had something urgent to discuss with her. Joanna thought about it and arranged to meet at a dessert store that was relatively close to them both. Upon arriving at the dessert store, she sent a message to Ashton Heath. 
Telling him that she would return later. 
Ashton Heath didn’t immediately reply to her message. 
Joanna didn’t wait for his reply, locked her phone after sending the message, and walked into the dessert store wearing a face mask. 
As soon as she entered, she spotted Aria Rowlett sitting inside. 
Aria had an outstanding appearance, the kind that would catch people’s admiration at first glance. Even in the Film Academy, which was filled with beautiful women, she stood out for her beauty. 
When Joanna saw Aria, Aria also noticed her and waved: "Baby, I’m over here." 
Joanna walked over, ordered some dessert, and sat down. 
Just as she sat down, Aria glanced around: "Baby, no reporters or anything are following you, are they?" 
Joanna chuckled: "I don’t think I’m that famous yet." 
At least, artists worth following by reporters must have some prominence.
Aria pouted, "You dominated the hot search on Blog for an entire day, how can you not be considered famous? Today, as soon as I opened my Blog, all the news was related to you. Even top-tier artists may not have your level of popularity." 
"I don’t want such popularity." Joanna said helplessly, "I’m almost being attacked to death by those fans. Do you know how many private messages I received today, and how nasty they’ve been cursing at me?" 
"No wonder some female artists were criticized by those fans until they withdrew from the entertainment industry. I almost had a breakdown today." 
"You should just block all private messages and comments." Aria couldn’t help but express her indignation when she mentioned this incident, "I read some of those comments too. I never expected that those fans, who are only teens, would have such filthy mouths." 
"I even set up an anonymous account to fight back against those fans. But there were so many of them that I couldn’t keep up. Even someone with my strong mental resilience nearly had a meltdown because of their attacks." 
"The fans of popular male artists are terrifying." 
"Yes." Joanna also sighed, "Now I understand why Linda warned me not to get involved with Maddox Allenson. How can those female artists who deliberately get close to him not be afraid of being attacked by his fans?" 
Anyway, she was scared now. 
Aria snorted, "They’re not afraid at all. This is precisely the effect they want. The more vicious the fans are, the higher their popularity. This is much faster than relying on their own works to become famous." 
Joanna: "..." 
She recalled the skyrocketing number of fans when she first had a scandal with Maddox, and couldn’t find anything to say for a moment. 
Indeed, for some artists, as long as they can become famous, it doesn’t matter whether it’s through genuine recognition or controversial publicity. 
Anyway, she would stay away from such ways of becoming famous.
###Chapter 1006: Chapter 1004: The Vinegar Jar is About to be Overturned Again
Her mental strength wasn’t that strong yet. 
"Oh, right, Joanna, can I ask you a question?" Aria Rowlett bit the straw in her drink and hesitated for a few seconds before asking Joanna Lawrence quietly, "I saw the rumors about you and Mr. Parker. They say all of your hot search topics and related things were taken down by people he found. Is that really true?" 
As for those rumors about Joanna being Frank Parker’s financially-supported lover, Aria, of course, didn’t believe them. 
Her baby was already married and married to such an excellent heartthrob. It was impossible for her to be involved with other men. 
Even if that Mr. Parker was in a very good situation. 
But the heartthrob was not in a bad situation either. 
"What?!" Joanna looked confused, "What does this have to do with Frank Parker?" 
Aria looked at her with the same confused expression: "Don’t you know yet? You have new hot search topics coming out. Ahem... they say you are Mr. Parker’s little lover and that he helped you with everything today." 
"Bullshit!" Joanna couldn’t help but swear, "He has nothing to do with it. Who said I was his little lover? Even if I were looking for someone to financially support me, I wouldn’t choose him!" 
Aria: "..." 
"So, did the heartthrob help you?" Aria has always been curious about Ashton Heath’s identity. She knew that Joanna’s heartthrob had an extraordinary identity, but Joanna hasn’t told her what it was up to now. 
Aria thought that since Joanna felt it wasn’t convenient to say, there must have been something inconvenient about it. 
So she didn’t ask again. 
"Yes," Joanna nodded, "He did everything, and it has nothing to do with Frank Parker. I don’t know why those messy rumors came out." 
She didn’t know if Ashton, that vinegar jar, had seen the rumors about her and Frank Parker yet. 
If he had seen it already... 
The vinegar jar might be overturned again. 
"Joanna, what exactly does the heartthrob do?" Aria couldn’t help but ask out of curiosity, "Of course, if you think it’s not convenient to say, then just pretend I didn’t ask." 
"Actually, there’s nothing inconvenient about it." Joanna thought for a moment and decided not to hide it from Aria anymore. 
In the past, she had many concerns and felt that her relationship with Ashton wouldn’t last long. 
So she didn’t want Aria to know his real identity. 
But now her thoughts have changed, she has made up her mind to live a good life with Ashton, so she doesn’t have many concerns anymore. 
Aria is her best friend. 
She didn’t need to worry too much in front of her best friend. 
After thinking it over, she directly said under Aria’s expectant gaze, "You know that his name is Ashton Heath, right? The Heath Group’s young new CEO, that’s him." 
"Pfft." 
Aria was drinking water, and a mouthful of water instantly sprayed out. 
Fortunately, she stopped in time. Otherwise, Joanna would have been sprayed in the face. 
"Baby, you... ahem..." Aria seemed to have been choked, and she coughed violently until her pretty, fair face flushed red. 
"Baby, are you telling the truth?" After a while of coughing, Aria finally calmed down. 
She coughed so much that tears came out, and she looked at Joanna with teary, astonished, and incredulous eyes. 
Joanna looked back at her and nodded, "Yes, it’s true."
###Chapter 1007: Chapter 1005: What Does He Look Like?
Aria Rowlett’s eyes widened even more: "Your husband, my heartthrob... is actually the President of the Heath Group?!" 
Joanna Lawrence thought she was surprised by Ashton Heath’s identity: "Aria, I didn’t mean to hide it from you. It’s just that our relationship... wasn’t very certain at first, so I didn’t think to tell you." 
"You got married and the relationship wasn’t certain?" Aria stared at her and said, "Baby, can I also know why you had a flash marriage with the heartthrob? You definitely didn’t fall in love with him at first sight. So, did he fall in love with you at first sight? No, that’s not right. With your personality, even if he really liked you, you wouldn’t agree to marry him so quickly." 
At that time, Joanna Lawrence had just broken up with David Benington. 
It was impossible for her to fall in love with another man so quickly and marry him. 
"Indeed, it was because of some special reasons that I married him." Joanna thought for a moment and then told Aria the whole story about why she had married Ashton and why he had chosen to have a flash marriage with her. 
She had originally planned to tell Aria about these things. 
After listening, Aria was surprised for a while. 
"Androphobia? There’s such a strange disease." 
"Yeah, I thought it was strange too when I first heard it. I can’t believe someone could have this disease." 
"But what’s even stranger is that he’s only not allergic to you." Aria was silent for a while, and then sincerely exclaimed, "It seems, you two really are destined for each other. Because of Jeremy’s illness, you had no choice but to marry him. You are the only woman he won’t have an allergic reaction to, so he married you." 
"Sometimes, fate is truly indescribable." 
Joanna was also silent for a moment and nodded: "I also find fate very mysterious. At the beginning, I married him just for Jeremy. I thought we would divorce soon, and I was prepared for the divorce on the day of the wedding." 
Where could she have imagined she and Ashton would come this far together? 
And where would she have known how much she would like him? 
"But the heartthrob treats you so well, you couldn’t possibly have a heart of stone. After marriage, the two of you get along better and better, and you gradually fell in love with him. Now, you can’t bear to leave him, can you?" 
"...Yes." 
"So, if two people live together, it’s easy for them to fall in love over time, right?" Aria lowered her head, stirring the ice in her cup with a straw, looking deep in thought. 
Joanna thought about the "urgent" matter Aria had mentioned earlier and couldn’t help but ask: "Aria, you said earlier that you had something very urgent. What was it?" 
A matter considered urgent by Aria Rowlett must indeed be urgent. 
It seemed like Aria had just remembered that she had asked Joanna to come. 
She lifted her head, frowned, and looked at Joanna with a worried expression for a while. Then she bit her lip and said anxiously, "Baby, do you remember when I told you before about meeting that man?" 
"Of course." Joanna had been thinking about this matter and immediately asked, "Did you meet him? How was the conversation? And... how does he look?" 
Aria looked at Joanna with a complicated expression: "I did, he’s quite handsome and the conversation was quite pleasant. That day, I even stayed at his house for dinner. After dinner, he sent me back to school."
###Chapter 1008: Chapter 1006: He’s Actually So Dominating In His Bones
"Isn’t that a good thing?" Joanna Lawrence asked, puzzled by Aria Rowlett’s furrowed brow. "Why are you upset then?" 
"It is good, really really good." Aria recalled the events of that day, and it still felt like a dream. 
Even now, it all seemed so unreal to her. 
After all, to her, Brandon Heath was a man who was out of reach. 
But now this unreachable man had become a reality. 
She could see him and touch him. 
Joanna didn’t understand: "Do you like him then?" 
"Do I like him?" Aria pondered for a moment before nodding. "I think I do like him." 
What woman wouldn’t fall for such a perfect man? 
For someone like Aria, who was easily swayed by good looks, just his face was enough to make her swoon. 
"And what about him? Does he like you?" 
"Him?" Aria thought about her interactions with Brandon and frowned. "I don’t know. He probably... doesn’t like me very much." 
That night was just an accident. 
If it weren’t for that accident, she probably wouldn’t have crossed paths with Brandon. 
He wasn’t from the same social class as her. 
A man like Brandon would probably prefer ladies from noble families. 
Only a beautiful, noble, and talented woman would catch his eye. 
What was she to him? 
She was just an accident in his life. 
"Aria, did you ask me out today because of that man?" Joanna guessed after scrutinizing Aria’s face for a while. 
"Yes." Aria took a deep breath, rubbing her temples with a pained expression. "Baby, I need your help in making a decision." 
"Alright, go ahead." 
A hesitation flashed in Aria’s eyes. She struggled for a while before saying, "After we met that night, he insisted I make a request. He said he’d agree to anything I asked for, as long as he could satisfy it."
"He drove me home, and I don’t know what I was thinking at the time, but I asked him to be my boyfriend." 
"And then... did he agree?" 
"Yes, he did." Aria sighed heavily, looking extremely annoyed. "That’s what’s bothering me. I was just saying it casually, but I didn’t expect him to actually agree." 
"And he took it seriously." 
"He said he’s busy with work and won’t be in Closia often. Even when he comes back, he won’t have much time to go on dates with me. So he suggested I move in with him so we can see each other whenever he’s in town." 
"At least this way, we’ll be able to see each other a few times a month." 
Joanna: "..." 
Aria sighed again. "I never thought of dating him. And even if we date, we shouldn’t be living together so soon, right? But he’s adamant about me moving in." 
"At first, I thought he was easygoing, but now I realize he’s actually quite domineering." 
"You know what? Today, he had someone go to my dorm to move my things. He’s so domineering." 
After listening, Joanna remained silent for a while: "So Aria, who is this man? Do I know him?" 
This time, Aria fell silent. 
About a minute later, she reluctantly said, "You know him."
###Chapter 1009: Chapter 1007: She Hates the Feeling of Losing Herself
"Someone I know? Who?" 
"... Brandon Heath, your husband’s brother." 
"Cough, cough, cough!" 
Joanna coughed violently. 
Her pretty face was flushed as she coughed, her eyes wide open, disbelief in her voice, "Who did you just say...that man is?" 
She must have misheard. 
She definitely misheard. 
How could it be...Brandon Heath? 
Watching her reaction, Aria Rowlett sighed softly: "You find it unbelievable too, right? Actually, I still find it unbelievable, as if I’m dreaming. Do you know how I felt when I saw him, in that moment?" 
"I thought I must be hallucinating." 
"He is Brandon Heath. The man I...with that night. How could it be him?" 
"He told me that he went to a friend’s party that evening. Someone at the party schemed against him. They wanted to film him in indecent situations for his private life and impact his general election. Someone already prepared women for him, then he incidentally met me." 
"He also said, I helped him a lot. Therefore, he thought the compensation of 50 million dollars was not enough, he hoped I could ask for more." 
She swore. 
That night, she was just having a mindless moment, she said those words as a joke. 
She really admired Brandon Heath. 
If this man could become her boyfriend, she would wake up laughing even from sleeping. 
But although she admired him, she knew the reality based on her situation. She had an idea in her heart. 
She could joke about some things, where did she dare to hope for more? 
The gap between her and Brandon Heath was evident from the beginning. It was a difference she knew she could see the result of. 
It’s the kind of gap that, even if she admired the man more, she wouldn’t dare to approach. 
Because she clearly knew, once a guy like Brandon Heath gets involved, it’s definitely an addiction. 
Once she was hooked, it will be very, very hard to quit. 
She was not afraid of anything, she just feared she would fall for him. 
She dared to touch anything, the only thing she didn’t dare touch was love. 
Because once you touch it, once fallen, it will make a person no longer herself. 
She hated the feeling of losing herself. 
"Baby, what should I do?" Aria Rowlett had never been so distressed, "I’ve never thought of having him as my boyfriend. He and I are simply not on the same level, we’re not a good match." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna thought for a moment then seriously asked, "Aria, do you not want to be with him because you think it’s unrealistic? If we get past his identity and he asks you out, would you still think the same way?" 
Aria Rowlett seriously considered it for a while before answering, "Baby, do you know? If he were not Brandon Heath, even if he were just an average rich offspring, I feel I can give it a try." 
"But, he is Brandon Heath." 
"If he wins the upcoming election, he will be the President of Australand. Can you imagine what it’s like to date a president? At least, I feel it’s pretty horrifying." 
"I guess this man is just too high-profile, we are not from the same world. How can I date a deity? I would feel guilty." 
Joanna stayed silent for a few seconds, then nodded: "I think I understand what you mean. So what about him? Have you told him about these thoughts?"
###Chapter 1010: Chapter 1008: How Can the First Lady be Someone from the Entertainment Industry?
Upon finding out that the man who had a dalliance with her best friend was none other than Brandon Heath, Joanna Lawrence immediately thought of Lady Octavia. 
Lady Octavia was not satisfied with Joanna, and she wouldn’t be more satisfied with Aria Rowlett either. 
After all, the Rowlett family wasn’t a prestigious family. 
And Lady Octavia wanted to find a well-bred lady for her son. 
Aria Rowlett clearly didn’t meet her requirements. 
Joanna herself was well aware of what kind of person Lady Octavia was and didn’t want her best friend to suffer the same injustice. 
"I told him." Aria looked pained. "I told him everything. Do you know what he said to me?" 
"What did he say?" 
"He said that as long as I was willing, he and I could belong to the same world. And whether we’re suitable or not, we’d only know once we are together. He said he’d try his best to become the person who is suitable for me and asked me to have more faith in him." 
"So you two are now..." 
"I told him I would think about it and haven’t replied yet." 
"Aria, if you’re asking for my opinion, my suggestion is to reject him." Joanna would have loved to see her best friend become her sister-in-law, but if her best friend’s other half was Brandon Heath... 
Joanna couldn’t even imagine what kind of fit Lady Octavia would throw. 
Lady Octavia would definitely think that Joanna and Aria had planned it all along, targeting both her sons. 
After one of them married into a wealthy family, her best friend went on to seduce the older brother. 
They wanted to claim both the best men of the Heath family for themselves. 
Joanna didn’t care how Lady Octavia viewed her.
Anyway, Lady Octavia already disliked her so much, feeling she was scheming or calculating. It didn’t bother her that much anymore. 
However, she didn’t want Lady Octavia to think that Aria was not a good person either. 
Moreover, if Brandon could win the General Election, he would be the President of Australand. 
Being the First Lady is much more difficult than being the wife of a CEO. 
Aria has an outgoing and lively personality, and she’s a girl who loves to have fun. 
Being the First Lady would impose many restrictions on her. 
Joanna knows Aria well. 
That’s why she knows that kind of life is definitely not what Aria would like. 
And it wouldn’t be something she could accept. 
Aria went silent for a moment, then nodded gently, "Yeah, I think so too. It’s really not realistic for me and him. If we were destined for a bad ending, I don’t want to put myself through that pain." 
"It’s better not to touch it from the beginning." 
"Aria, it’s not because I think you two are unrealistic that I’m asking you to reject him. I just think that when you’re with him, he might not be able to give you the life you want. The chances of Brandon winning this General Election are very high. Barring any accidents, he’d be the next President." 
"He’s already so busy now. When he becomes President, he’ll have even less personal time. Besides, do you think you can be a good First Lady? I don’t know him that well, but I feel that he takes his work very seriously. Love might not be that important to him." 
"Compared to that, I’d rather see you with someone who can spend a lot of time by your side and give you the life you want. If you were with Brandon, would you still be able to act in movies?" 
A First Lady couldn’t be someone from the entertainment industry. 
Nor could they be someone who is careless and unconventional.
###Chapter 1011: Chapter 1009: It’s not easy to enter a wealthy family
As the First Lady, her every word and action would be constrained. 
The role of the First Lady wasn’t something an ordinary person could assume. 
Perhaps some people would adapt to and enjoy such a life. 
But Aria Rowlett wasn’t one of those people. 
Listening to Joanna Lawrence, Aria fell silent for a long time. 
She had only thought that the difference in social status between herself and Brandon Heath was too great and unrealistic; she hadn’t considered the issues Joanna just mentioned. 
Now, she suddenly realized that it was truly impossible for her and Brandon to be together. 
Not just because of the gap in their statuses. 
What Joanna had just said was very realistic. 
Brandon Heath had a high chance of being elected the next President. 
Even if he didn’t care about their difference in family status, and even if there was a chance they could end up together, was that the life she wanted? 
To become the President’s wife? 
She knew her own worth, didn’t she? 
Moreover, being the First Lady meant she would definitely lose her original life and have to give up many things. 
Being a director and filming was her lifelong dream. 
Would she give up her dream for a man? 
No, it was impossible. 
She wasn’t the kind of woman who would give up everything for love. If being with a man meant she had to give up many things she liked, then no matter how good the man was, she wouldn’t want him. 
She didn’t want to love humbly or exhaustingly. 
At this moment, Aria had finally made up her mind. 
She clenched her fists, "I know how to respond to him now. Baby, you’re right, he and I are not suitable at all. He is indeed a man who takes his work very seriously, and work is the center of his life." 
"He wouldn’t have the time or energy for a romantic relationship with me. He probably agreed only to make up for feeling guilty and wanting to compensate me." 
"But I don’t need his compensation at all." 
"Well, Aria, if you could be my sister-in-law, I don’t know how happy I’d be. However, Brandon... he’s not right for you. Of course, I’m just giving you some advice, and the final decision is up to you." 
"No matter what choice you make, I will support you." 
"I’ve made my choice." Aria curled her lips and lowered her eyes to hide a hint of loss in them. "Although he is indeed a very tempting and heart-throbbing man, life is precious, love is even more so. If it’s for the sake of freedom, both can be forsaken." 
"To me, there’s nothing more important than a free and easy life." 
"Alas, no matter how tempting, I can only give him up with a heavy heart." 
"Baby, how are things at the Heath family? Are the people there easy to get along with? Are there many intrigues in their wealthy and influential family like in TV series? How is your mother-in-law, Octavia? Can you get along with her?" Aria didn’t want to talk about Brandon anymore and shifted the topic. 
Thinking about the fact that Joanna and Ashton Heath hadn’t held their wedding yet, she was still a little worried. 
They say it’s not easy to enter a wealthy family. 
The Heath family wasn’t just an ordinary rich family. 
They were a top wealthy family. 
A real prestigious family. 
And Joanna’s profession was an artist in the entertainment industry. 
Aria was genuinely worried for her. 
She was afraid that once Joanna married into the family, she would be bullied by the other members of the Heath family. 
Although Joanna’s heartthrob doted on her, she didn’t need to worry about him treating her poorly; but the other members of the Heath family were another story.
###Chapter 1012: Chapter 1010: Clearly, She Really Cares for You
Especially the heartthrob’s mom. 
They say the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship can be difficult, and I guess it’s even harder to get along with the mother-in-law in a wealthy family. 
Speaking of this topic, Joanna’s smile froze for a few seconds. 
Seeing this, Aria quickly caught on and frowned slightly, "Is the heartthrob’s mom difficult to get along with?" 
"Not really." 
Joanna didn’t want Aria to know about her worries, so she lied, "She isn’t easy to get along with, but she hasn’t given me a hard time either. Besides, Ashton and I don’t live with her. We just occasionally go back for dinner and stay overnight." 
"So it’s not too bad then." 
Thinking of Lady Octavia made Joanna feel uneasy, but remembering Madam Heath brought a smile to her face, "Madam Heath is pretty nice. She likes me a lot and treats me well. The first time I went to the Heath family, she gave me a lavish gift." 
"Madam Heath? The heartthrob’s grandma?"
"Yes, she’s really nice. She reminds me of my grandmother." 
"I’m more interested in how lavish her gift to you was. Can you share it with your best friend?" Hearing that Madam Heath liked Joanna, Aria felt a little relieved. 
In a wealthy and influential family like the Heath family, Madam Heath’s position is like that of an ancient queen mother. 
Her words carry weight. 
With Madam Heath liking her baby, there was no need to worry about many things. 
Even if Lady Octavia didn’t like her child, she wouldn’t dare go too far with Madam Heath supporting her. 
Joanna told Aria about the gift Madam Heath had given her. 
Upon hearing this, Aria looked dumbfounded. 
"Holy shit, that’s so extravagant." She was almost drooling with envy, "So you’re like a billionaire now? No wonder so many female celebrities want to marry into wealthy families. It’s so awesome." 
"Just receiving a gift, and it’s hundreds of millions of dollars." 
"So what did your mother-in-law give you?" 
"A bracelet." Joanna thought for a moment, "It seems pretty expensive, but probably not as much as what Madam Heath gave." 
"I saw a jade bracelet at an auction before. It was of excellent quality, and the final price was several million dollars. I guess your mother-in-law’s bracelet is worth at least several million. But Madam Heath is still more generous. Those properties alone are worth several hundred million dollars." 
"You can tell she really loves you." 
"Yeah." Joanna nodded, "Madam Heath really treats me well. But with all the recent scandals, I’m afraid she might be displeased with me. I don’t want her to hate me." 
"She probably won’t. Madam Heath must be a very intelligent person. She wouldn’t easily believe in those rumors." 
"She doesn’t believe in them, I just worry that if I keep having scandals, she might be displeased." 
Aria was silent for a moment, then sighed softly, "That’s probably one reason why wealthy families don’t like to marry female celebrities. They care about face. If they have a female artist with constant scandals living with them, they would feel like they’re losing face." 
"Baby, they haven’t said anything about asking you to leave your career, right?" 
Joanna thought for a moment and shook her head, "Not for now." 
"That’s good. In any case, Ashton is supportive of you, and that’s truly admirable."
###Chapter 1013: Chapter 1011: What Kind of Ghost is Going to the Mountain to Watch the Stars?
The two chatted for a while, and the phones of Joanna Lawrence and Aria Rowlett rang at the same time. 
Joanna picked up the phone, and as soon as she answered, she heard Ashton Heath ask, "Baby, are you still outside? When will you be back?" 
Before Joanna could answer, he continued, "Where are you? I’m coming to pick you up right now." 
"You’re off work?" Joanna looked at the time, which was earlier than Ashton’s usual off-duty time. 
"Yes, I got off work early today." Ashton Heath asked again, "Where are you right now? I’ll be right there." 
"I’m with Aria." Joanna looked at Aria Rowlett across from her, thought for a moment, then said, "Alright, I’ll send you the address, and you can come." 
Joanna hung up the phone and opened Twitter to send the location. 
Just after she sent the address to Ashton Heath, she saw two tall men wearing black clothes walking towards them. 
The two men walked straight to their table. 
Joanna’s eyes were filled with caution and alertness as she looked up at them. 
However, the two black-clothed men lowered their heads to look at Aria Rowlett and respectfully said, "Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon asked us to pick you up for dinner together." 
Aria Rowlett hung up the phone, raised her head, and looked at the two men expressionlessly, "Sorry, can you please pass the message that I already have plans tonight." 
The two men in black were taken aback and then showed a hint of embarrassment on their faces, "But, Mr. Brandon told us to make sure to pick you up. Ms. Aria, you ..." 
"I’ll talk to him." Aria Rowlett lowered her head to look at her phone and dialed Brandon Heath’s number in front of the two bodyguards. 
After three or four rings, the call was answered. 
A deep, cold, but magnetic voice came from the phone, "Ms. Aria, good afternoon." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"I’ve sent someone to pick you up. Have they arrived?" 
"..." 
"I’m not too busy today, so I can arrange a date tonight. I don’t know what kind of dating manner Ms. Aria prefers, but my arrangement is for us to have dinner together, then attend a concert, and later go up the mountain to watch the stars." 
"What does Ms. Aria think?" 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She almost couldn’t help but laugh out loud. 
Attending a concert was one thing, although not really to her taste, it was at least somewhat normal. 
But going up the mountain to watch the stars? What was that about? 
In this day and age, did people really enjoy such dating methods? 
And going up the mountain to watch the stars in summer, were they sure they wouldn’t be bitten by mosquitoes all over their bodies? 
"Ms. Aria, are you listening to me?" Probably because she hadn’t made a sound, Brandon Heath thought she hadn’t heard his words earlier. 
"Ahem, I heard you." Aria Rowlett’s mouth twitched, "I just want to ask, Mr. Ashton, are you serious?" 
Was he sure he wasn’t just teasing her or trying to be funny? 
"Of course, I’m very serious." Brandon Heath’s serious voice came through, "Every word I say to you, Ms. Aria, is sincere. Since you have heard, then what do you think of my proposal just now, you ..." 
"Mr. Ashton, I’m sorry, but I have plans tonight." Aria Rowlett had made up her mind and would no longer have any ambiguous connections with this man, even if Brandon Heath was a huge, huge temptation for her. 
It was very, very difficult to resist this temptation. 
But she had to endure it. 
he greater the temptation, the greater the possibility of falling in the future. 
It would be better to nip everything in the bud from the beginning.
###Chapter 1014: Chapter 1012: She seems like, she hasn’t agreed with him yet?
There was silence on Brandon Heath’s end for a few seconds: "Is that so, Ms. Aria? You already have plans?" 
"Um." Aria Rowlett took a deep breath, pressing one hand to her chest, trying to calm her racing heart. She found it too difficult, far too difficult, to refuse Brandon Heath. 
Just listening to his voice left her hardly able to restrain herself. 
This man not only had a face that appealed greatly to her taste but also a voice that did the same. 
It was killing her. 
"Is it dinner with friends?" 
Aria originally thought that after she told him she had plans, Brandon would exchange polite pleasantries for a sentence or two then hang up. 
However, it seemed he had no intention of ending the call. 
She hesitated for a few seconds and gave a soft "yes."
"A female friend?" Brandon Heath asked again. 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"Mr. Brandon, you..." 
Are you minding your own business too much?! 
"I apologize, I know I shouldn’t have asked those questions. If they bothered you, I apologize. But, Ms. Aria, I hope that you’re meeting a beautiful lady tonight - that would make me feel better." 
"Although you haven’t answered me about being together yet, I hope in the end that I have the qualifications to become your boyfriend." 
Aria furrowed her eyebrows and remained silent for a while. 
"Mr. Brandon." She suddenly changed her mind. 
"I’m here. Please go ahead, Ms. Aria." Brandon Heath sounded as polite as a gentleman. 
"I think we should still have dinner together tonight." 
She initially didn’t want to see Brandon Heath again, but some things were better said face-to-face. 
Since she had already made up her mind, she could sit down and discuss it with him tonight. 
Brandon Heath seemed a little surprised: "Are you sure? Didn’t you say you had plans with your friends?" 
"Yes, I’m sure. I’ll just let my friend know." 
Brandon Heath was silent for a while: "Ms. Aria, did you change your mind because there is something specific you want to talk about tonight?" 
Aria Rowlett: "...Yes." 
"Is it related to that matter? Have you thought it through, Ms. Aria?" 
"...Yeah." 
"Alright." Brandon’s voice was gentle. "I’ll have someone arrange dinner now. Do you have any preference, Ms. Aria?" 
"Anything is fine. I’m not picky. You can make the arrangements." 
"Alright then. Ms. Aria, you can head to the house first. I still have some work to do so I’ll be home in about two hours." 
"The last time you left in a hurry and didn’t really get a chance to tour the house. Today, you can take some time to familiarize yourself with the environment. I’ve also had your room arranged. I have no idea what interior design styles girls like, so if you don’t like it, I can have it redone." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
It seemed like she hadn’t agreed yet, had she? 
What he said sounded like she had already agreed to the relationship. 
"Ms. Aria, I’ll hang up for now. See you in two hours." 
"...Alright." 
After Aria hung up the phone, she looked up to find Joanna’s curious gaze on her. 
Joanna Lawrence blinked at her: "Was it him that called?" 
Aria nodded: "Yes." 
"So, you guys made plans to have dinner together tonight?" 
"Yes. I think it’s better to talk things over with him in person." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna’s face showed a hint of hesitation: "Aria, I think I might have been too rational before. You should think it through on your own, maybe things between you and him won’t be as bad as I said." 
"You should listen to what your heart truly desires."
###Chapter 1015: Chapter 1013: Every time I see him, my heart flutters.
Before, Joanna Lawrence had been standing from a very rational perspective to help Aria Rowlett analyze the problem. 
She thought that Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath were not suitable for each other. 
Apart from their various conditions, Brandon Heath’s future status meant that he could not give Aria the life she wanted. 
Because she knew too well what kind of person Aria was. 
So her suggestion was that they were not suitable for each other. 
But just now, she suddenly thought, if Aria had listened to her advice and rejected Brandon, would she regret it later? 
Perhaps, after they truly got together, their lives might not be as unhappy as she had said. 
Perhaps, they could also be very happy together. 
Who could be clear about matters of the heart? 
At first, when she married Ashton Heath, she never expected things to develop into what they are now. 
She also thought that she and Ashton were not suitable at all. 
If it wasn’t for Jeremy Lawrence’s illness, she wouldn’t have married him. 
Not that he was bad. 
But he was too good. 
So good that she wanted to stay away from the beginning. 
To her, a man with excellent conditions was not temptation but danger. 
She didn’t know how deep Aria’s feelings were for Brandon. 
But Aria must have liked Brandon. 
If she had no feelings for Brandon, she would not have specifically asked her for advice.
She must have been moved. 
And for some reason, she hesitated. 
"Baby, you..." Aria looked at her with a confused face, "didn’t you think I was not suitable for him? Why now..." 
"Aria, whether or not it’s suitable, I think you know best in your heart. I just think that in this matter, you should listen to your most truthful thoughts and then decide what to do." 
"After all, love is your own business." 
"As I said, no matter what decision you make, I will support you." 
Aria looked at her silently for a while, quickly understanding what she meant, and nodded with a smile: "Yeah, I know. I will think about this and let you know when I decide." 
"Alright." 
* 
The two waited at the dessert store for Ashton Heath to arrive. 
Aria used to be Ashton’s little fan. 
Now that she knows his true identity, her eyes are even more admiring, like a little fangirl. 
"Hi, heartthrob, long time no see." 
With an excited expression, as soon as she saw Ashton Heath, she waved at him enthusiastically and took the initiative to greet him. 
Ashton Heath was dressed in black, and from the moment he entered the coffee shop, he attracted the glances of female staff members, who were all guessing if he was a model or actor. 
Joanna was also watching him. 
The man had a good foundation. 
A perfect body for a clothes hanger. 
And that handsome and deep face would attract people’s attention. 
Every time he appeared, no matter where he was, he would always attract people’s attention first. 
Even Joanna would be moved every time she saw him. 
Let alone others. 
Even the simplest black shirt, when worn on him, would look very different. 
That cold and elegant, restrained, and aloof temperament was especially attractive. 
Every time Joanna saw him, she would swell with a sense of pride, thinking how handsome her husband was.
###Chapter 1016: Chapter 1014: Brandon Heath, could he be a man who really loves his wife too?
He’s so handsome it almost feels like he’s breaking the rules. 
And this perfect man in every aspect is her husband. 
"Hello, Ms. Aria." Ashton Heath quickly walked over to Joanna Lawrence and bent down to hold her head. He gently kissed her on the forehead in her surprised and shy gaze and softly said, "I’m sorry, Baby. I got caught in some traffic, so I’m a little late." 
Joanna couldn’t help but blush, aware that Aria was watching them from across the table. 
Aria looked at them with envy and joked, "Heartthrob, you can’t just show off your love like this. Did you ever think about how this single man feels?" 
"Ms. Aria, you’re young, beautiful, and talented. If you’re willing, you can find someone you both like at any time. Then, you won’t be fed puppy love by others." 
"Wow."
Aria showed an incredulous expression and said excitedly, "Is the heartthrob complimenting me? Do you really think I’m young, beautiful, and talented? To be praised by a heartthrob like you, I’m so happy that I feel like I won 5 million dollars." 
Ashton Heath is cold towards all women except Joanna Lawrence. 
Rebecca Kelloway is an exception. 
But he’s only slightly better to her than to other women. 
It’s not that special. 
But his attitude towards Aria was clearly much better than that of ordinary people, and it could even be called very gentle. 
He smiled and said, "I’m just stating the facts. Ms. Aria is my wife’s best friend, and I believe that birds of a feather flock together. My wife is so outstanding and good; her friends must not be far behind." 
Aria: "..." 
After all this, it turns out her heartthrob was indirectly praising Baby. 
It made her excited for nothing. 
Every time Aria saw Ashton Heath, his eyes were glued to Joanna Lawrence and he would always mention her in his conversations. 
This is a man who constantly talks about his wife. 
Also, a man whose eyes are always on his wife. 
He shows through his actions how much he cares about this woman. 
Aria is envious. 
How many people could meet a man like Ashton Heath? 
He’s from a distinguished family, rich and powerful, and he’s extremely good-looking. 
And he’s so devoted and affectionate to his partner. 
This is the ideal husband every woman dreams of. 
Thinking about it, God was kind to Baby. 
Though she went through a horrible relationship with David Benington, she was compensated with such a perfect husband. 
In every aspect, he greatly surpasses that jerk, David. 
Aria wasn’t very interested in dating or marriage, not at the moment at least, her mind completely focused on her career. 
However, looking at Joanna and Ashton’s love, sometimes she wants to experience a sweet relationship. 
She suddenly thought of Brandon Heath. 
Brandon Heath and Ashton Heath are brothers who grew up together with the same upbringing and education. 
So, if the younger brother is sincere and affectionate in love and knows how to take care of his wife, would the elder brother be the same? 
Would Brandon Heath also be a man who spoils his wife? 
As the image of his handsome yet overly cold face appeared in her mind, Aria’s heartbeat quickened without reason.
###Chapter 1017: Chapter 1015: Are You Sure This is True?
Thinking about the fraternal relationship between Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath, she feels a bit peculiar. 
She and Joanna Lawrence are best friends, and the men they each encounter turn out to be brothers... 
This sort of fate, if said out loud, would make people think they were in a TV drama. 
"Ms. Aria, I’ll treat you to a meal next time. Now, I’m taking my wife with me. Will you be coming with us, or?" 
Ashton Heath’s gaze inadvertently falls on the two black-clothed bodyguards standing by. 
He vaguely feels that these two seem familiar. 
But for a moment, he can’t remember where he’s seen them before. 
"No need, no need, heartthrob, you go ahead and take Baby on your date. I’m not heading in the same direction." 
"Alright then." Ashton Heath takes Joanna Lawrence by the hand, drapes his arm around her waist, and unabashedly says, "We’ll be going ahead then. See you next time, Ms. Aria." 
"Okay. Goodbye, heartthrob, goodbye, Baby!" 
* 
Joanna Lawrence puts on her mask and follows Ashton Heath out of the dessert store. 
Today, he’s being low-key and not driving his Lamborghini. Instead, he’s driving a black Bentley. 
Even so, they attract frequent glances from passerbys. 
Ashton Heath is too handsome. 
First-time viewers would think he’s a model or actor or something similar. 
After getting in the car. 
Joanna Lawrence fastens her seatbelt, but Ashton Heath doesn’t immediately start the car. 
Joanna Lawrence turns her head and sees that he has a thoughtful look, as if contemplating something. 
Out of curiosity, she asks, "Ashton Heath, what are you thinking about?" 
"Nothing."
Hearing her voice, Ashton Heath snaps back to reality, turns his head to look at her and asks, "Those two men standing next to Aria Rowlett earlier, what’s their relationship with her? Do they know each other?" 
"I feel like those two look familiar, like I’ve seen them somewhere before." 
Joanna Lawrence’s face changes slightly. 
She bites her lip, her eyes revealing her hesitation. 
Should she tell Ashton Heath about Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath? 
Brandon Heath and Ashton Heath are brothers. 
Ashton Heath must know his brother very well. 
If she lets him help her analyze the situation, his advice would probably be the most helpful for Aria Rowlett. 
Having thought of this, Joanna Lawrence speaks, "The reason they looked familiar is probably because you’ve seen them before. They...are Brandon’s bodyguards." 
Brandon’s bodyguards? Ashton Heath is taken aback, "Why would my brother’s people be with her?" 
Upon Joanna Lawrence’s reminder, Ashton Heath slowly recalls. 
He indeed has seen those two bodyguards. 
They truly are Brandon Heath’s right-hand men, often accompanying him to various events. 
No wonder they looked familiar to him. 
Joanna Lawrence moistens her lips, hesitates for a few seconds, then slowly continues, "It’s a long story, but basically due to some special circumstances, there have been some unique developments between Brandon and Aria." 
"Now, Brandon has proposed that they date. Aria asked me out today to talk about this." 
"She’s unsure about whether or not she should accept Brandon’s proposal." 
Ashton Heath is shocked once more, his face full of astonishment, "Brandon has proposed to date her? Are you sure about that?" 
Ashton Heath simply can’t imagine that Brandon Heath would do something like this. 
His brother, who devotes his heart and soul to work, whose life revolves solely around work, is actually seeking a girl to be in a relationship with?
###Chapter 1018: Chapter 1016: Say it Again
For Ashton Heath, the impact and shock of the news felt as great as seeing the sun rise from the west. 
It was an utterly baffling situation. 
In his opinion, it was normal for his elder brother to never marry in his lifetime. 
The idea of dating, getting married and having children seemed unimaginable for his brother. 
His brother was the kind of man more suited to living and growing old alone. 
He didn’t even have time for dating. 
His sleep time had been allotted to his work. 
"Of course it’s true!" Joanna Lawrence bit her lip, frowning, and looked rather distressed. "Aria seems to like Brandon, but it seems his feelings for her stem more from a sense of responsibility. Actually, selfishly speaking, I really hope Aria and Brandon can be together." 
"That way, Aria might become my sister-in-law in the future. If she becomes my sister-in-law, I would be so happy that it might kill me. However, I feel like she and Brandon are not very compatible. Aria is very lively and a girl who enjoys a diverse life." 
"Brandon’s personality is a bit dull. And now, he’s so busy that he barely has time to visit home. If he becomes the President of Australand, he’ll definitely be even busier." 
"I think he can’t give Aria the relationship she wants. If Aria is with him, they will be more apart than together. That’s why I advised Aria not to accept him. But now, I feel like maybe I’m being too arbitrary?" 
Ashton Heath still hadn’t fully recovered from the shock. 
After listening to Joanna’s words and giving them some thought for about a minute, he finally came to terms with the situation. 
Seeing Joanna’s worried expression, he thought carefully before saying, "So, you think that my brother’s personality and job are not suitable for her? And you’re afraid that if they get together, my brother won’t be able to give her the happiness she wants?" 
"Yeah," Joanna nodded, "But now, I think that no one can really predict what their future development will be like. When we first got together, I never thought I would end up liking you this much." 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, she realized that she had just nonchalantly confessed her feelings to Ashton. 
She couldn’t help but blush at that natural admission of her love for him. 
Feeling shy, she peeked at him, coughed twice to cover up her embarrassment and said, "Anyway, what I mean is, maybe they might be happy and content together in the future. What do you think?" 
Her confession was loud and clear. 
A gentle smile of delight spread over the man’s face. 
Looking at the faint blush on the young girl’s fair cheeks, he couldn’t help but lower his head, his slender fingers pinching her chin, and with a deep voice, he said, "Baby, repeat the last sentence you just said." 
The man’s alluring masculine scent filled Joanna’s nostrils as he moved closer. 
The dizzying fragrance of his pheromones. 
Joanna’s cheeks burned hotter, and her heart raced as she looked at his handsome face just inches from her eyes. 
She knew which sentence he was referring to, but wanted to tease him, so she pretended to be innocent and said, "I said I think what their future will be like..." 
The fingers pinching her chin applied a bit more pressure: "Not that one." 
Joanna continued to play dumb: "What I mean is maybe when they’re together in the future..."
###Chapter 1019: Chapter 1017: Enjoy listening to others confess their love to him?
"It’s not that one either." Ashton Heath could tell that she was doing it on purpose. He chuckled, leaned in, and gently bit her lip, his voice growing more seductive, "Baby, you know what I really want to hear. If you don’t say it, I’m going to kiss you." 
Feeling his hot breath approaching, Joanna Lawrence giggled softly and held up a hand to block his warm, moist lips. "You already heard it, why do you want me to say it again?" 
"I want to hear it." 
Ashton took her small hand, his warm lips landing on her soft, white palm, lightly rubbing against it, "Say it one more time, and I’ll analyze what just happened." 
Joanna: "..." 
"No one knows my brother Brandon better than I do. My analysis will definitely be helpful to your best friend. Baby, do you want to say it again, hmm?" 
The man’s lips were still pressed against her palm. 
When he spoke, his warm, moist lips would brush against her hand, making it ticklish. 
Joanna lowered her eyes, seeing him cradling her hand, both the position and the way he kissed her palm filled with the utmost love and tenderness. 
For a moment, her heart raced uncontrollably. 
In this instant, the words she had been too embarrassed to say just came out so naturally: "Ashton Heath, I’m saying that I like you." 
She really liked him, so much. 
She wanted to be with him for a lifetime. 
To stay by his side, until they were old and gray. 
The man lifted his head, his deep eyes filled with tenderness: "Say it again, baby." 
Joanna couldn’t help laughing, reaching out to cup his handsome face, gazing steadily at him, and said word by word, "Ashton Heath, I like you." 
"Say it again." 
"Ashton Heath, I like you." 
"Say it again." 
"Ashton Heath, I like you." 
"Say it again." 
Joanna: "..." 
Is this man ever going to get enough? 
Is he addicted to hearing it now? 
Does he love hearing people confess to him that much? 
She glared at a certain overreaching man pretending to be angry, "Ashton Heath, are you ever going to give it a rest? Can you tell me now what you think about Aria and your brother’s situation?" 
"Baby, call me ’husband’ once, and I’ll tell you." The overreaching man didn’t step back, instead taking the opportunity to make another request. 
Joanna: "..." 
"Ashton Heath, don’t you have any shame? You just said earlier that..." 
"Mhm, I’m shameless. Wife, can you just call me ’husband’ one more time? Didn’t you call me that so smoothly in the office earlier? Just say it one more time, and I promise this is the last request." 
Looking at the thick-skinned man, Joanna was both angry and amused but eventually satisfied his request, calling him ’husband.’ 
As soon as she said it, his warm lips descended. 
When Joanna was about to faint from lack of oxygen, Ashton reluctantly ended the kiss. 
Joanna was left breathless and weak, panting as she leaned against his chest. 
His eyes were burning hot as his slender, fair fingers caressed her swollen lips back and forth. He opened his mouth, his voice husky, "Baby, you’re so sweet." 
Blushing, Joanna, who had almost fainted from his kisses, pounded on his chest, "Ashton Heath, you liar." 
Ashton Heath laughed softly, "How am I a liar? Baby, I never said I wouldn’t kiss you."
###Chapter 1020: Chapter 1018: If you miss this opportunity, you’ll really be alone for the rest of your life
"That’s not it either," said Ashton Heath, seeing she was purposefully avoiding the real answer. He gave a light chuckle and affectionately pinched her nose. "Baby, you know what I want to hear." 
Joanna Lawrence gave a soft laugh, a twinkle in her eye. "You’ve already heard it. Why would you want to hear it again?" 
"I want to hear it," Ashton insisted. He held her hand and gently squeezed her palm. "If you say it again, I’ll help analyse the situation with Aria," he offered sweetly. 
Joanna said nothing. 
"No one understands my brother better than I do. My analysis is going to be very useful for you and your best friend. Baby, do you want to say it again, hmm?" Ashton asked, a smile in his eyes. 
His eyes softened with deep affection. 
When Joanna looked at him, his eyes were filled with warmth and tenderness. 
To him, she was his whole world, the most precious thing he had. 
In that instant, Joanna’s heart quickened. 
The affectionate words that she had been too shy to say earlier, she found herself saying aloud in the heat of the moment: "Ashton Heath, I like you." 
She really, really liked him. 
She wanted to be with him forever. 
To be by his side, until they were old and grey. 
Ashton lifted his head, his eyes softened and deeply in love, "Say it again, baby." 
Joanna couldn’t help but chuckle, reaching out to touch his handsome face. "Ashton Heath, I like you," she said again. 
"Say it again." 
"Ashton Heath, I like you." 
"Say it again." 
"Ashton Heath, I like you." 
"Say it again." 
Joanna fell silent. 
When is this man going to stop? 
Is he really addicted to hearing her confess her feelings for him? 
"Ok ok, you wanted advice, didn’t you? Shall I tell you now?" Joanna asked. After considering Joanna’s question, he finally spoke. "Knowing my brother, when he decides to do something, he’s all in." 
"He will be very sincere and put his whole heart into it." 
"If he’s seriously thinking about dating Aria Rowlett, I believe that this won’t be a rash decision for him. He’ll consider everything we’ve been worried about, but since he still made this decision, I believe he has thought about how to balance work and love." 
Joanna seemed stunned. "So, do you think they can be together?" she asked. 
"As long as they are willing, of course they can be together," Ashton said with a smile. "It’s up to them. Being with my brother might not be as simple or easy as a regular relationship, but there will certainly be a way around it." 
"Baby, we’ve experienced this, haven’t we? We can’t have a normal relationship either." 
"As long as you care about someone enough, you will be willing to compromise on many things. And these compromises will be voluntary; giving something to the person you love also brings happiness." 
When Ashton finished, Joanna fell silent for a moment. 
She thought, what Ashton said made sense. 
Now that she thought about it, she didn’t always cling to him either. Their time together in the beginning was quite limited. Plus, due to their respective careers, they will likely spend a lot of time apart. But she never really saw these as problems. 
After reflecting on Ashton’s analysis, Joanna began to believe that Aria, with her cleverness and insight, could also make a relationship work with Brandon. 
"Aria is my very best friend," Joanna confessed, lifting her head from his chest and looking at him seriously. "Ashton, tell me honestly, do you think Aria and Brandon would suit each other?" 
"If they date, could Brandon really make Aria happy?" she asked earnestly. 
Ashton answered seriously as well. "Baby, I can’t give you a definite answer. Everything depends on their own feelings and interactions. As for your second question, I believe that Brandon is more than capable of making a woman happy." 
"As long as he wants to." 
"As for your enquiry, my advice is to not involve yourself in this matter. They are adults, and should make their own choices. For me, I obviously wish they could be together." 
"Given my brother’s personality, missing this opportunity might really mean he’ll end up alone." 
Joanna’s eyes widened. 
Was it really acceptable for him to describe his brother like that? 
He was saying that Brandon’s personality might cause him to end up alone? He himself isn’t any different. Isn’t his case even worse? Brandon was just too busy working to date, but Ashton was allergic to women and couldn’t even interact with them properly. 
"Alright then," Joanna sighed, "I’ll leave everything to them. Aria is smart; I trust her to make the right choice." 
"Don’t worry." Ashton realized she was still worried despite her agreeing to his advice. He comforted her by patting her head. "If Aria rejects my brother, there will be nothing for you to worry about. And even if she accepts him, I assure you, you don’t need to worry."
###Chapter 1021: Chapter 1019: Given her level of determination, I don’t think she can resist.
Joanna Lawrence looked at him, blinking her eyes. 
Ashton Heath slightly hummed, saying, "My brother Brandon is a very determined person. I could say, any decision he makes, nobody can influence him. On this point, both he and I are very similar." 
He knew what she was worrying about, so he tried to give her some reassurance: "We’re the same. For things we’ve decided on ourselves, unless we want to change our minds, no one else can control us." 
"Even if it’s our relatives, it’s the same." 
Having listened to his words, Joanna Lawrence felt at ease a bit. 
One has to mention, Ashton Heath understood her and knew what she was worrying about. 
She was worried that Aria Rowlett, like her, would not be favored by Lady Octavia. 
That she would be wronged by Lady Octavia. 
After all, if one were to talk about family backgrounds, Aria Rowlett’s is indeed worse than hers. 
Lady Octavia has always disdainfully looked down on the Lawrence family. 
Not to mention the Rowlett family, which is worse than the Lawrence family. 
She had only met Brandon Heath once before. 
She didn’t know what kind of person he truly was. 
If he was the kind of man who was very filial to his parents, always obedient to them, he definitely couldn’t protect Aria Rowlett well. 
Ashton Heath must have noticed what she was concerned about. 
Thus, he told her those words. 
"Then what do you think, will Aria and Brandon end up together?" Joanna Lawrence thought for a bit, then looked at him and said, "They’ve scheduled dinner tonight. Aria will talk to him about this. How do you think Aria will choose in the end?" 
"You want me to guess?" Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows slightly. 
"Mmhmm, guess. Aren’t you skilled at discerning others’ thoughts? Also, you are usually very accurate." So much that she felt he could read minds or something. 
Therefore, she really wanted to know how he thought Aria Rowlett will choose in the end. 
"Baby, even though I’m good at discerning others’ thoughts, I don’t like to probe into others’ feelings. I am only interested in what you’re thinking about and only want to guess what’s on your mind." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Was he trying to flirt with her in this serious conversation? 
Her mouth twitched, she gently shook his arm that she was clinging on and attacked with her coquettishment: "Aria isn’t just anyone else, she’s my best friend. Just help me guess, I know you’re the best." 
This move was indeed very effective. 
The man had an indulgent expression and promptly satisfied her request, seriously helping with her analysis: "If you’re asking my thoughts, I believe she will agree to date my brother." 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback and asked in surprise, "Why?" 
She felt that Aria Rowlett would reject Brandon Heath. 
Even if Brandon Heath was indeed an outstanding man. 
But for a girl like Aria Rowlett, freedom is the most important thing, right? 
At least, the Aria Rowlett she understood is like that. 
Ashton Heath smiled, "No reason, didn’t you say she’s a hopeless fan of beautiful boys?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
"My brother’s face should have a quite strong attraction to her. If she really is a hopeless fan of beautiful boys, my brother’s temptation should be strong to her, with her level of determination, I think she won’t be able to refuse." 
"Even if she had been rational before, once she sees my brother, she will not have any reason left." 
"If she is fully determined to refuse my brother, it is best not to meet. Refusing over the phone will greatly increase the success rate." 
Joanna Lawrence:
###Chapter 1022: Chapter 1020: Baby, shall we make a bet?
"So she shouldn’t go to the appointment tonight. Once she attends, I’m guessing she’ll definitely become my brother’s girlfriend tonight." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"But, Aria said she and Brandon aren’t suitable, and she’s determined to reject him." 
"Yes, she does think that way now." 
"..." 
"But after she meets my brother, she might not think so." 
"..." 
"So that’s why I said if she wants to reject my brother, she shouldn’t go to the meeting tonight." 
Brandon Heath has a face that attracts women. 
So even though he has a tough personality, it doesn’t matter, women simply cannot resist him once they meet him. 
Lady Octavia has arranged several blind dates for him in the past. 
Every time, the women fell for him and were smitten by him at first sight. 
If it weren’t for his face and the Heath family background, not many women would like his boring and dull character. 
Aria Rowlett is about the same age as Joanna Lawrence. 
At this age, with limited life experience and lack of determination, it’s difficult to reject a mature, steady, handsome and gentlemanly man. 
"Baby, should we make a bet?" Ashton Heath chuckled softly, rubbed her head as he looked at Joanna Lawrence’s face full of doubt and confusion, "If I guess right, you agree to one of my requests. If you guess right, I’ll agree to one of your requests." 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a moment, finding it interesting: "Any request? You’ll agree to anything?" 
"Yes. Accordingly, you have to agree to any request I make." 
Joanna hesitated again. 
She knew too well how perverted Ashton Heath could be in some aspects. 
She could easily guess what kind of request he might make without even thinking about it. 
"Hmm? Baby, are you willing to make this bet with me? Let’s see if you understand your best friend better, or if I do." 
"...Alright, let’s make a bet!" 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t believe that she knew Aria Rowlett even less than the man beside her. 
After all, they had been roommates and best friends for several years.
How many times had Ashton Heath met Aria Rowlett? 
Even if Aria is into good looks, she isn’t the type of girl who will go crazy and lose her mind at the sight of a handsome man. 
She believed that her best friend wouldn’t be seduced by beauty! 
* 
On the other side. 
After parting ways with Joanna Lawrence, Aria Rowlett went to Ashton Heath’s villa in the suburbs with two bodyguards. 
Everyone who stayed in the villa must have received the notification. 
As soon as Aria Rowlett got out of the car, she saw Ria standing by the fountain, who walked over to her with a smile upon seeing her. 
"Ms. Aria, you’re here." Ria liked Aria Rowlett very much. She had a good impression of the girl, and since Mr. Brandon cared about her, Ria naturally cared more about Aria Rowlett. 
It was the first time in his life that Mr. Brandon had cared so much about a girl, so those who served him would naturally extend their care to her too. 
Moreover, Mr. Brandon had good taste, and any girl he liked must be good as well. 
"Ms. Aria, are you hungry? Is there anything you’d like to eat? I’ve made some pastries, freshly baked just now. Would you like to try them?" Ria approached and warmly linked her arm with Aria Rowlett’s. 
She treated her as if she was her own daughter, with a kind and affectionate attitude. 
Aria Rowlett also liked Ria. 
The last time she had dinner at the villa, Ria was especially warm to her. When she left, Ria had packed many pastries and snacks for her to take back and enjoy slowly.
###Chapter 1023: Chapter 1021: Such treatment, Ms. Aria is one of a kind
Upon seeing Ria, a smile appeared on Aria Rowlett’s face: "Ria, I’m not hungry. Have you been waiting here all this time? With the sun shining so brightly outside, you really shouldn’t be waiting out here." 
Ria took her arm and led her into the White Castle, smiling: "I just came out a little while ago, so I won’t get sunburned. Plus, I’m not like you young people with delicate skin that can’t stand the sun. My skin is rough and tough, so a little sun won’t hurt me." 
After entering the lobby, Aria saw many maids cleaning. 
Curiously, she asked: "Why are there so many people still cleaning at this time?" 
Cleaning work was usually done by the morning. 
Ria looked at her and smiled: "It’s because Miss Aria is coming, so we must clean everything once more." 
Aria looked surprised and pointed at herself: "Because of me?" 
"Yes," Ria said, "Miss Aria is someone Mr. Brandon values a lot, so we must treat you with extra care. This is also what Mr. Brandon meant." 
Aria hesitated and, for some reason, her heart suddenly quickened, her face flushed with warmth. 
She pursed her lips, her cheeks turning red: "Is this, is this also Mr. Ashton’s idea?" 
Would Brandon Heath order people to do this? 
She didn’t quite believe it. 
That man seemed cold and aloof, and the fact that he proposed a date of stargazing in the mountains indicated that he was definitely a straightforward thinker. 
As a straightforward man, he probably wouldn’t be so attentive. 
"Yes, of course, it’s Mr. Brandon’s idea. We are all doing as he instructed," Ria lied without batting an eye, winning favor for Brandon Heath. "So, like I said, Mr. Brandon really values Miss Aria. This kind of treatment is exclusive to you." 
Upon hearing this, Aria’s face became even hotter. 
And her heart beat faster. 
She didn’t expect that straightforward Brandon Heath would actually have such a thoughtful side. 
"Am I the only one?" she asked, biting her lip. Her heart raced, but she remained calm on the surface, feigning nonchalance: "Has he ever treated other girls like this before?" 
"Of course not, never!" Ria immediately denied, looking very serious: "Apart from Miss Aria, Mr. Brandon has never treated any other woman like this. Let alone treating other women like this, they wouldn’t even have the opportunity to come here." 
"Miss Aria is the only woman Mr. Brandon has ever brought back here." 
"This is his residence, a place he holds dear. If someone is not important to him, he won’t bring them here. Miss Aria, just from these two points, you should be aware of Mr. Brandon’s feelings for you." 
One could say that Ria watched Brandon Heath grow up. 
Back when they were still at Heath Villa, Ria was responsible for taking care of Brandon’s daily life. 
Because she did a good job, she moved here with him when he left to live on his own. 
So, not only did they share a bond between master and servant, they also had the affection between the young and the old after spending so much time together.
Seeing her outstanding master now in his thirties and still without a partner by his side, with work being the focus of his life, Ria didn’t say much, but she was very anxious on the inside. 
She feared that with his undivided attention on work Brandon Heath would no longer consider his personal issues in the future.
###Chapter 1024: Chapter 1022: She Never Agreed to Move In!
How regrettable it would be if such an outstanding man as Mr. Brandon never got married in his life. 
Ria worried about this for many years, and as Ashton Heath grew older, her worry only increased. 
At times, she even lost sleep over it. 
Now that Brandon has finally brought a woman home, how could Ria not be happy or take it seriously? 
She knew Brandon’s personality well. 
He had never been in love and had no experience dealing with women. 
Although he had great qualities, Ria was also worried that his overly-stoic personality would be unappealing to Aria. 
After all, young girls tend to prefer romance and sweetness. 
And in this aspect, it was clear that Mr. Brandon was not very skilled. 
As someone hoping for Mr. Brandon to step into the marriage hall as soon as possible, she had to provide support whenever she could. 
Hoping to settle Mr. Brandon’s lifelong plans sooner rather than later. 
Aria’s face burned even more furiously at Ria’s blunt words, revealing a tinge of shyness despite her tomboyish character. 
Seeing Aria like this, Ria quickly seized the opportunity to continue, "Mr. Brandon’s care for Ms. Aria doesn’t stop there, you know. Today, he even had someone rush to set up the room for Ms. Aria to stay in. Keep in mind that Mr. Brandon is usually very busy, but today, while setting up Ms. Aria’s room, he was there watching the whole time." 
"This is the first time I’ve ever seen Mr. Brandon put his time into something else. Such treatment could only be for Ms. Aria. Thanks to Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon has been coming home a lot more frequently lately too." 
"In the past, this place was practically an empty house, with Mr. Brandon hardly ever coming back." 
"Really?" Aria didn’t know if what Ria said was true or false, but she could feel her heart rate speeding up. 
"Yes, you have no idea how infrequently Mr. Brandon used to come back. As you know, he is busy with work throughout the year, and most of the time, he lives outside. It was considered good if he could come back once or twice a month." 
"But after meeting Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon has been back several times these days." 
"Although he hasn’t said it, why else would he suddenly come back so frequently if not for Ms. Aria? Thanks to Ms. Aria, this house finally doesn’t feel as cold and empty as it did in the past." 
"Once Ms. Aria moves in, Mr. Brandon will definitely live here more often." 
From the time she met Brandon, Aria didn’t feel that the man seemed to care much about her. 
In her eyes, he was only being nice to her because of what happened that night. 
He felt that he owed her. 
His special treatment of her was just his attempt to make amends. 
But now, after hearing what Ria said, it seemed as if Brandon really liked her. 
Aria was also a novice in matters of the heart.
And Brandon was someone she admired. 
What kind of feeling was it to be liked by a heartthrob she admired? 
Even if she thought Ria might have misunderstood Brandon’s actions, her heart still raced uncontrollably. 
"Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon will be back a bit later. He instructed us to take good care of you. Would you like to see your bedroom now? Mr. Brandon personally supervised the setup, so you’re sure to love it." 
Aria: "..." 
She didn’t even agree to move in yet! 
Brandon was too overbearing deep down. 
She didn’t want to see the room at all, but looking into Ria’s eyes filled with expectation, she couldn’t bear to refuse.
###Chapter 1025: Chapter 1023: A Room Full of Pink
No matter what, Ria is genuinely kind to her. 
"...Alright, let’s take a look then." 
"Great!" Ria said cheerfully, "Ms. Aria, please follow me." 
* 
Aria Rowlett had thought that a man with such refined taste as Brandon Heath would surely have personally overseen a room with similarly refined decoration. 
But... 
When she saw the whole room decorated in pink, she was so shocked that she froze at the doorway. 
She thought she had entered the wrong room. 
"Ms. Aria?" Seeing her standing at the door and not coming in, Ria thought it was due to her overwhelming happiness and immediately began praising Brandon’s skills, "Do you think the room is beautiful and has a dreamy atmosphere?" 
"Most of the things inside were personally arranged by Mr. Brandon." 
"Mr. Brandon said that since you’re a girl, you would definitely like a romantic and dreamy style, so the room was decorated in a pink castle style. The curtains, bedding, various ornaments, and decorative bouquets were all handpicked by Mr. Brandon." 
"Mr. Brandon put a lot of effort into accommodating Ms. Aria." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Well, she was certain she hadn’t stepped into the wrong room. 
This room was indeed her bedroom. 
"Are you saying that all the things in the room were personally chosen by Mr. Ashton for me?" She was so stunned that she couldn’t speak for a while, and a minute later finally accepted this fact. 
"Yes," Ria eagerly vouched for Brandon, "Mr. Brandon took a personal interest in everything regarding Ms. Aria." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She was really curious as to why Brandon would think she would like this kind of style.
Her appearance was not that of a young little girl at all. 
The entire room filled with pink made her feel sick and gave her a headache. 
On the bedside table and the shelf for decorations, there were pink roses, pink lilies, and pink baby’s breath. 
The air was filled with a cloyingly sweet floral scent that made Aria Rowlett sneeze several times in a row. 
Ria immediately turned to her with a worried look, "Ms. Aria, are you feeling unwell? Have you caught a cold? Shall I call a doctor to examine you?" 
"No, no!" Aria, afraid that Ria would really call the doctor, hurriedly said, "I just think the floral scent is a bit too strong, and it affected me." 
"The floral scent is too strong?" Ria glanced at the several bouquets in the room, hesitated for a moment, and then summoned a maid to remove two of them. 
Only then did Aria feel the floral scent was slightly lighter. 
She followed Ria into the room. 
The bedroom was large. 
It was at least five or six times larger than the room she was currently living in. 
Standing at the door, she couldn’t see all the things in the room at once. 
Once she entered, Aria realized that what she had seen at the door was nothing compared to the rest of the room. 
Not only was everything in the room pink, 
But there were also many cloth dolls and plush toys. 
What she couldn’t stand the most was that even those plush toys were pink! 
Aria Rowlett looked around and was on the verge of a breakdown. 
She really couldn’t understand how Brandon’s taste could have gone so wrong. 
Did he think she was a three-year-old child? 
At this very moment, her phone rang. She took it out, and surprisingly, it was a call from Brandon Heath. 
She hesitated for two seconds before answering. 
From the phone, the man’s cold yet magnetic voice came through, "Ms. Aria, have you arrived?"
###Chapter 1026: Chapter 1024: Is it not good for multiple people to take care of you and love you?
Aria Rowlett fell silent for two seconds, looking at the dizzying pink all around the room, and lightly responded with a hum. 
Brandon Heath chuckled and said, "Ms. Aria, have you seen your room? How do you like it?" 
Aria Rowlett fell silent again. 
How could she answer that question? 
If she said she liked it, it would be insincere. 
She couldn’t bring herself to love this overly pink interior decorating style. 
Even if she only stayed in this kind of room for half a day, she would go crazy. 
But if she said she didn’t like it, it would be like turning down their goodwill. 
And Ria had emphasized multiple times that a lot of things were personally chosen by him. 
Not knowing how to answer, she chose to remain silent. 
"Ms. Aria?" Her silence caused Brandon Heath on the other end to feel puzzled, "Ms. Aria, why aren’t you speaking? Is there something you are not satisfied with in the decorating style?" 
Aria Rowlett: "...Mr. Ashton, can I ask you a question?" 
"Sure, go ahead." 
"Why...did you think I like pink things?" 
Brandon Heath: "What?" 
Aria Rowlett looked at the pink rabbit placed on the bedside table, the corner of her mouth twitching: "In Mr. Ashton’s eyes, am I just a little girl?" 
"Ms. Aria is only nineteen years old, right?" Mr. Brandon laughed lightly on the other end, his voice not as cold as when the call had started, sounding much warmer, "At this age, you are indeed a little girl." 
He really did treat her as a little girl. 
Aria Rowlett furrowed her brow, saying discontentedly, "Mr. Ashton, I am already an adult. Although I am not very old, I am quite mature in my thinking. I have long since stopped having the thoughts of a little girl." 
"So please, don’t treat me like a little girl." 
From within the phone, the man laughed softly again, his laughter shallow and gentle, "Ms. Aria, for a man who is almost thirty years old, to me, someone your age is just a little girl." 
"A little girl who needs to be protected and loved." 
"You tell me not to treat you like a little girl, then how should I treat you? As a mature woman?" 
Aria Rowlett was displeased with him calling her a ’little girl’; she frowned even more, "Yes, I am a mature woman, not a little girl. Mr. Ashton, let me emphasize this seriously once more, I am not a little girl." 
"I have long since had the ability to stand on my own, both in terms of my thinking and my capabilities. I am an independent woman. I can take good care of myself without anyone else, and I don’t need anyone to love me or take care of me." 
She didn’t know why. 
Aria Rowlett particularly disliked being treated as a little girl by Brandon Heath. 
Though he was a full ten years older than her. 
With that age difference, in his eyes, she was indeed a little girl. 
But she just didn’t like that feeling. 
They had already slept together. 
And he still thought she was a child? 
What part of her was childish?!!! 
"Being an independent woman does not mean you don’t need anyone to take care of you and love you." Brandon Heath patiently explained, "While you can take good care of yourself, is it not a good thing to have someone else to take care of you and love you?" 
"It’s a wonderful experience to be cared for by someone. Having someone care for you and take care of you will not only not affect your current life but will also make your life experience even better. Ms. Aria, don’t you want to try that?"
###Chapter 1027: Chapter 1025: She Lost the Desire to Speak
Aria Rowlett knew what he meant. 
He was talking about dating her again. 
There is no denying that Brandon Heath is a very charming man. 
And especially tempting to her. 
It’s really hard to refuse a man like that. 
But at this moment, Aria’s mind was clear, rational. 
She knew clearly that even if this man was so tempting, she couldn’t have him. 
In front of her was a trap paved with enticing candies. 
Very tempting, but also very dangerous. 
If she wasn’t careful, she might fall in and never climb out again. 
After analyzing all kinds of interests, Aria took a deep breath and said calmly, "Mr. Ashton, when can you come back?" 
"I’m already in the car. Does Ms. Aria want to see me early?" The man spoke seriously. 
Aria: "..." 
Was Brandon Heath flirting with her? 
Or, was it just his literal meaning, and she just overthought? 
Considering his veteran personality, Aria thought she probably overthought it. 
How could a man like him possibly flirt with a woman? 
If Brandon Heath could flirt, he wouldn’t still be single by now. 
With his condition, he would have married already. 
The reason he is still a single man now is definitely because his personality is too dull and mature, not pleasing to women. 
And he also possesses very straight male thinking. 
From inviting her to watch stars on the mountain to decorating her room entirely in pink, these actions are what steel-straight men would do. 
How many women like steel-straight men? 
"Mr. Ashton, when will you approximately reach home?" Aria directly ignored his question. 
"If Ms. Aria is in a hurry, I’ll ask the driver to speed up. It should take about forty minutes to get there." 
Aria: "...I’m not in a hurry." 
It was as if the man didn’t hear her, chuckled and continued, "If Ms. Aria feels bored, you can go to my study to read some books to pass the time. Or go to the gym to exercise. Last time I saw Ms. Aria, your physique didn’t seem great, and regular exercise can improve your physique, benefiting both your physical and mental health." 
Aria: "..." 
She lost the desire to speak. 
Brandon Heath, truly a steel-straight man who couldn’t be any more straight! 
He actually asked her to read books, exercise to pass the time? 
What on earth is going through this man’s mind? 
Was he serious? 
Furthermore, he just said her physique wasn’t great. 
She was willing to bet that with this kind of personality, if it wasn’t for his good background and good looks, with this kind of attitude in the blind dating market, no one would be interested in him. 
He would absolutely be the type of man who, after meeting people, wouldn’t have any follow-up developments. 
"Ms. Aria should eat more regularly. I know you girls nowadays like thinness as beauty, but being too skinny is bad for your health. In any case, putting your health first is important." 
"But it’s alright, when Ms. Aria stays with me, I’ll have a nutritionist help you adjust your body." 
Aria: "..." 
Where was she too skinny? 
Her figure was the standard, the healthiest, okay? 
She may be thin, but she doesn’t look withered at all; the right places have some meat, and the places that need to be slim are evenly slim. 
She had been praised and envied by countless people for her figure. 
So far. 
Only Brandon Heath, the steel-straight man, thought she was too thin.
###Chapter 1028: Chapter 1026: Don’t Misunderstand Our Relationship
And he even bluntly expressed his distaste. 
She thought that being a straight man wasn’t enough to describe his weirdness. 
Listening to his preaching, Aria Rowlett felt like she was being scolded by an elder. 
"By the way, Ms. Aria. You haven’t told me if you like the room I arranged for you." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Her heart was tired, and she didn’t want to talk. 
"Mr. Ashton, let’s talk when you get back." Aria Rowlett felt that if she continued chatting with Brandon Heath, she might have a heart attack out of anger. She decided to end the conversation on her own initiative, "I’ll wait for you." 
"Alright." Brandon Heath sounded warm, "We’ll have a good chat when we meet up. Then, Ms. Aria... see you later." 
"...Yeah, see you later." 
Aria Rowlett finally hung up the phone. 
Next to her, Ria wore a delighted expression, asking with a smile, "Was it Mr. Ashton who called? Is he almost home?" 
"Yeah." Aria Rowlett nodded, confronted by Ria’s gaze that seemed to look at her like a daughter-in-law. She felt her face heat up, and she pursed her lips in embarrassment, "He said it might take another forty minutes to get back." 
"Mr. Ashton must be rushing home right after finishing his work." Ria covered her mouth and laughed, teasing in her eyes, "I’ve never seen him this proactive before. It’s true, a home needs a woman, and that’s when it feels like a home." 
Aria Rowlett’s face turned even redder from the tease. 
Seeing Ria’s happy expression, Aria Rowlett thought that Ria must think she and Brandon Heath were already together. 
Brandon Heath’s various actions also gave others such an illusion. 
He had even arranged a room for her. 
In the eyes of others, didn’t they seem to be together already? 
Looking at Ria’s pleased face, Aria Rowlett couldn’t bear to see disappointment in her expression, but she felt she needed to clarify things. 
She couldn’t let people misunderstand any further. 
She and Brandon Heath would never be together. 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence," she hesitated for a moment, then decided to tell Ria the truth, "Actually, I’m not with Mr. Ashton. We are just ordinary friends, and I won’t be living here in the future." 
"Please don’t misunderstand our relationship, Mrs. Rose Lawrence." 
"What?" Ria stared blankly, surprised, "You mean you and Mr. Ashton aren’t together?" 
"Yes." Aria Rowlett liked Ria and didn’t want to disappoint her, but she still had to say what needed to be said, "Mrs. Rose Lawrence, Mr. Ashton and I will never be together. There will certainly be a hostess here in the future, but that won’t be me." 
"So... Mrs. Rose Lawrence, you shouldn’t make fun of me and him anymore." 
The smile on Ria’s face slowly faded away. 
She saw that Aria Rowlett wasn’t joking, "But, but Mr. Ashton said that you would move in." 
If they were living together, wouldn’t they be together? 
Ria simply couldn’t understand. 
"I never agreed to move in with him." Aria Rowlett rubbed her forehead, looking somewhat helpless, "He had my stuff moved by someone else, and the room was decorated according to his wishes, but I never agreed to it."
Ria’s eyes widened, dumbfounded. 
"Ms. Aria, you mean Mr. Ashton forced you?" 
"It’s not exactly forcing, but he never asked for my consent." 
Ria maintained her dumbfounded expression for a long while, before whispering in astonishment, "I never imagined Mr. Ashton would force a girl... this is truly surprising."
###Chapter 1029: Chapter 1027: Alas, What a Pity
Aria Rowlett was also surprised. 
She didn’t expect that Brandon Heath could be so domineering deep down. 
He appeared so gentlemanly, so courteous. 
He was the picture of a fine gentleman. 
It was hard to imagine that he could also impose his will on others. 
"So it was all a misunderstanding." Ria, who initially was so delighted that Brandon Heath finally met a woman, was now equally disappointed that it all turned out to be her misunderstanding. 
She looked at the extraordinarily attractive girl in front of her, her heart filled with regret. 
This girl was such a perfect match for Mr. Ashton. 
And he indeed treated her remarkably well. 
Given Mr. Ashton’s character, the fact that he coerced her suggested that he truly liked this girl. 
For the first time in her life, Mr. Ashton was interested in a woman. 
Did the woman not like him in return? 
Mr. Ashton was blessed with good looks, family background, and outstanding professional abilities. 
Ms. Aria, why don’t you like him? 
Ria genuinely liked Aria Rowlett, and honestly hoped that she and Brandon Heath could end up together, she asked wishfully, almost desperately, "Ms. Aria, what do you think is wrong with Mr. Ashton? Is it because he is too busy with work, and you are worried that he won’t have much time to spend with you?" 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence, Mr. Ashton is wonderful, with excellent qualifications. I said that we cannot be together, not only because of his work but also many other factors. In short, I’m not the person suited for him." 
"I think we should just be friends." 
"So, Ms. Aria, you don’t like Mr. Ashton at all?" Ria sighed regretfully, "But I think Mr. Ashton likes you very much. Won’t you reconsider, Ms. Aria? No matter what the problem is, as long as the two people like each other, they can overcome it." 
Aria was silent. 
Of course, she had a good impression of Brandon Heath. 
But that hint of affection was not enough to make her let go of all her concerns and accept him. 
When she saw that Aria did not speak anymore, Ria thought she had asked something she shouldn’t have and upset Aria. She quickly said, "Ms. Aria, I am not asking too many questions, am I? If you are unhappy..." 
"No," Aria held Ria’s hand and hurriedly continued, "I’m not upset. Mrs. Rose Lawrence, Mr. Ashton is really very good and outstanding, but we truly are not suited to be together. You may be disappointed and I’m sorry for that." 
"Ah, it really is a pity." Ria knew that forcing a relationship wouldn’t work. Although she felt it was a great pity, she had to accept reality. 
"Well, even if you and Mr. Ashton can’t become lovers, you can still be friends. Ms. Aria, you can still come here often for a visit. Mr. Ashton seldom returns home, and this big house is very cold and empty. Ms. Aria, do promise to accompany this old woman often." 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence, I will." 
* 
Forty minutes later.
Aria Rowlett sat in the hall, drinking coffee with Ria when she heard a car noise outside. 
"Mr. Ashton has returned," Ria’s face brightened as she rose, "Ms. Aria, shall we go out and see? I’m sure Mr. Ashton has come back." 
Aria nodded, stood up, and walked out with Ria. 
As soon as they left the building, they saw a black Rolls-Royce parked near the front fountain. 
The driver got out first and went to the back to open the door. 
Brandon Heath got out of the back seat. 
He was dressed formally in a white shirt and black trousers and wore a black tie.
###Chapter 1030: Chapter 1028: Throbbing Heart with Every Encounter
The first thing Aria Rowlett saw were his exceptionally long legs. 
Both Brandon Heath and Ashton Heath possessed a pair of enviable long legs. The two brothers, each over 1.8 meters tall, were top-notch in terms of looks, figure, and fashion style among men. 
Aria Rowlett thought she had lost her backbone. 
Forty minutes ago, she thought Brandon Heath was a tough guy that women did not find attractive and still had various grievances in her heart. 
But now, face to face with him, her heartbeat quickened uncontrollably. 
Her face also began to heat up. 
All over, she could no longer maintain her previous composure. 
As he gradually approached her step by step, her heartbeat grew faster and faster over time... 
Until he stopped in front of her. 
Aria Rowlett suddenly felt flustered, a sense of helplessness prevailed. 
"Ms. Aria, good evening, we meet again." Brandon Heath looked at her with lowered eyes and greeted with a shallow smile. 
The man was handsome with a reserved temperament. 
But when he smiled, it gave people a warm feeling, just like the spring breeze. 
When his ink-like deep black eyes carried a smile, it seemed as if starlight was beneath his gaze. The flowing colorful lights in his eyes almost blinded Aria Rowlett’s eyes. 
At that moment, her brain simply couldn’t process anything. 
Her mind immediately went blank. 
All she could hear was the sound of her heart beating, again and again, fast and forceful. 
"Goo... Good evening." Aria Rowlett, who was normally eloquent, started to stutter as she stared at the beautiful contours of the man in front of her sketched out like strokes of ink. "Mr... Mr. Ashton, you’re back." 
Oh, mother! 
Even though Brandon Heath is a hard-core straight man. 
But, his face is truly good-looking. 
Too pleasing to the eye! 
It’s heart-throbbing every time she sees him! 
"Hmm." Brandon Heath glanced at Ria standing next to him and nodded slightly. 
"Sir, are you hungry? Should I ask the kitchen to prepare dinner now?" Ria looked at Brandon Heath and then at Aria Rowlett, sighing with regret in her heart once again. 
Mr. Brandon and Ms. Aria, what a beautiful pair they would make. 
One is reserved and taciturn, the other is lively and quick-witted, their personalities complementing each other. 
It would be so nice if they would be together. 
A young and vivacious girl like Ms. Aria would keep Mr. Brandon from being lonely. 
Pity about Ms. Aria ... 
"No need." Brandon Heath loosened the tie around his neck a bit, lowered his head to look at Aria Rowlett, "Ms. Aria and I will go out for dinner. You don’t have to worry about us, just prepare your own dinner." 
"Ms. Aria, I have a reservation. Shall we go now?" 
Aria Rowlett was staring at his bobbling Adam’s apple, her mind wandering back to that night. 
She began to feel a little dry and thirsty. 
Initially, she thought her experience that night was not very good. 
After all, the man lacked skills, making her uncomfortable. 
But remember, it was Brandon Heath, it was him who was with her... 
She felt, it did not matter even if he lacked some skills.
Looking at such a handsome face, a lot could be forgiven. 
"Ms. Aria?" Brandon Heath noticed that the young woman in front of him seemed to be in a daydream, not hearing what he was saying. 
Aria Rowlett finally regained her senses. 
When she looked up and saw Brandon Heath’s face, which was so beautiful that she dared not look directly, her eyes flickered in confusion, and her heart was in a complete mess: "Mr. Ashton, you... what did you just say?"
###Chapter 1031: Chapter 1029: Mr. Brandon... It’s Really a Bit Pathetic
This is killing me. 
This man is simply a feast for the eyes from head to toe. 
Every aspect of him is just to her liking. 
His face, his body, his voice, everything about him seems to have grown according to her preferences. 
Brandon Heath patiently repeated himself, "I said the restaurant reservation has been made. Should we go now, or would Ms. Aria like to rest a little longer, or perhaps I could accompany you for a walk in the garden?" 
"Let’s go now." Aria Rowlett looked at the man’s irresistible handsome face, wanting to get it over and done with as quickly as possible. 
Because she felt that if she didn’t settle this matter quickly, she might not be able to let go. 
"Alright, Ms. Aria, please get in the car." 
Brandon Heath exhibited the ultimate gentlemanly demeanor, personally opening the car door and standing aside to wait for Aria Rowlett to board. 
Upon witnessing this scene, Ria and the driver both showed surprised expressions on their faces. 
If this had happened before, Ria would have been very happy. 
But now, all she felt was regret. 
And there was a pang of sympathy for Brandon Heath. 
Sigh, her master had rarely been moved in 800 years, but now he was facing such an unrequited love ending. 
Poor Mr. Brandon... 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Linda agreed to meet at a high-end restaurant specializing in foreign cuisine. 
Considering Joanna’s current prominence, Linda had booked a private room. 
Upon Joanna’s arrival, Linda was already seated in the private room awaiting her. 
After exchanging greetings and each ordering a glass of water, Joanna sat down opposite Linda and smiled, "Linda, when did you get here? Have you been waiting long?" 
Looking at the sweetly smiling girl across from her, whose eyebrows and eyes still showed some traces of innocence, Linda found it difficult to imagine that her boyfriend would be Mr. Ashton of the Heath family, the man controlling the economic lifeline of Australand. 
She had heard many rumors about the President of the Heath Group. 
Some people said that the reason there were no women by his side all these years was that he was not interested in women. 
He preferred men. 
But now, one of her artists was dating the President of the Heath Group, proving the rumor about liking male artists wasn’t true. 
This girl, only nineteen. 
Many girls her age were still dating fellow students from their school. 
Yet she had managed to quietly secure the President of the Heath Group. 
This made Linda look at her differently. 
"I just got here a little while ago. Are you hungry yet, do you want to order something to eat, or should I ask the waiter to come and take our order?" 
After learning that Joanna’s boyfriend was the President of the Heath Group, Linda’s attitude towards her had become much more polite. 
Before, she used to think that Annie Lawrence was quite resourceful and able to win over a man like David Benington. 
But now, she felt that Joanna’s rank was much higher than Annie’s. 
Compared to the President of the Heath Group, who is David Benington? 
The two of them were like one in heaven and one in the lower class. 
Originally, without comparing to the Heath family, the Benington family had a very good family status. 
But compared to the Heath family, the Benington family... they really weren’t even worthy of tying their shoes. 
"I’m not in a hurry, I’m not hungry yet." One thing on Joanna’s mind was the termination of the contract, so she got straight to the point, "Linda, let’s talk about the termination. Regarding the termination, I think... " 
"Joanna, there’s no need to terminate the contract. Let’s keep our previous agreement and continue working together."
###Chapter 1032: Chapter 1030: Are You Sure You’re Not Just Teasing Her?
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback, thinking she had misheard: "Linda, you..." 
Linda’s expression was a bit awkward, she covered her mouth and coughed lightly: "Mr. Tucker suddenly changed his mind and told me that there was no need for the termination of contract. Joanna, I think since there’s no need for the termination, you should stay in HE Company." 
"I have already talked to Mr. Tucker, and the company will arrange more work for you to improve your popularity and fame. If you have any other requests, you can mention them now." 
"I’ll help you talk to Mr. Tucker." 
Anyway, no matter what Joanna requests now, Garret Twain will surely agree. 
Since Joanna is her own artist, Linda naturally hopes to help her get more valuable resources. 
Joanna was sure she really hadn’t misheard this time. 
She looked puzzled: "No termination? Why?" 
"Ah, well..." Linda felt embarrassed to say that Garret Twain, with his snobbish eyes, had found out that her boyfriend was the President of the Heath Group. 
So now, not only did he not want to terminate her contract, but he also wanted to extend it by a few more years. 
Of course, Linda was too embarrassed to mention such a shameless request. 
She told Garret Twain that if he wanted to extend the contract, he should talk to Joanna himself. 
"It’s Mr. Tucker’s decision, and I’m not clear about the specific reason," Linda lied, "Maybe he regretted it. You are the best among the new signings, and anyone with eyes can see that you will surely become popular in the future." 
Joanna: "..." 
She had already prepared for the termination of her contract, but now she was told that it wouldn’t be necessary? 
Was she sure she wasn’t being teased? 
"Linda, I still feel that it’s better to terminate the contract." 
Not having to terminate the contract is undoubtedly good news for Joanna. 
However, thinking that she might get entangled with various scandals in the future, she felt embarrassed to stay in the company anymore. 
She felt that the company would eventually not be able to tolerate her and would terminate her contract. 
It would be better for her to take the initiative now. 
In this way, even if she has to leave, she can leave gracefully. 
"Why?" Linda was stunned, thinking Joanna was angry about the previous talk of termination, "Joanna, I think you shouldn’t speak out of anger. Looking at the entire entertainment industry, HE Company is currently the best developing and largest brokerage company." 
"Although there are many artists, and the competition is fierce, the resources are also the most abundant and best." 
"Mr. Tucker has already agreed to provide us with more resources. I will also help you plan your future development direction. Trust me, I can definitely make you popular." 
Joanna shook her head, "Linda, you misunderstood. I’m not angry. I understand why the company wants to terminate my contract, and I haven’t complained about it. I just feel that I’ve caused too much trouble for the company, and I can’t guarantee that this won’t continue in the future." 
"So I think it’s better to terminate the contract." 
"I don’t want to cause any more trouble for the company." 
Seeing that Joanna was determined to terminate the contract, Linda panicked for a moment and asked, "Joanna, do you want to terminate because you are afraid of causing trouble for the company?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded. 
"Then you don’t have to worry about that." 
Joanna was stunned, "Huh?" 
Linda looked at her, "Rest assured that no matter how many scandals you stir up or how much trouble you cause in the future, the company will help you solve it. I guarantee that Mr. Tucker will not have any complaints."
###Chapter 1033: Chapter 1031: President Ashton Did It for Your Own Good
"He would be more than happy to help you sort your troubles out." 
Joanna Lawrence: "" 
"Joanna, do you know that your boyfriend has called Mr. Tucker? He disclosed his identity, so not only will Mr. Tucker not terminate your contract, he’ll also offer you a bunch of resources to choose from. From what I’ve said, you should understand what I mean." 
"Joanna, why didn’t you tell me that your boyfriend is the President of the Heath Group? You even told me that he runs a small business, and I actually believed it. I should have figured it out earlier; there’s no way he’s just a small business owner." 
"It was obvious from his aura." 
"But no matter how much I guessed, I couldn’t imagine his real identity to be so amazing." 
Joanna Lawrence was dumbfounded for a moment, a little stupefied: "Linda, you’re saying my boyfriend called Mr. Tucker?" 
"Yes." 
"He even revealed his real identity?" 
"Yes." 
"But why didn’t he tell me about this?" If it weren’t for Linda, Joanna wouldn’t have known about it at all. 
No wonder they suddenly decided not to terminate the contract. 
It turns out it was because of Ashton Heath. 
They wanted to terminate her contract before because they thought she brought a lot of trouble to the company. 
They didn’t want her to cause any more trouble in the future. 
Now that they know her boyfriend is the President of the Heath Group, they wouldn’t be afraid of any trouble she might cause. 
Her boyfriend is Ashton Heath. 
Even if it’s a huge problem, he can still help her solve it. 
Moreover, if they were to terminate her contract, it would indirectly offend Ashton Heath. 
Offend the President of the Heath Group? 
Not many people dare to do that. 
HE Company may be the top dog in the entertainment industry, but it’s nothing compared to the Heath Group. 
"Was it because you proposed to him to keep your relationship a secret for now and not make it public?" Linda thought for a moment and then asked her. 
Joanna Lawrence nodded. 
Linda smiled: "Maybe because you said you won’t make your relationship public for now, that’s why he hid this from you. But President Ashton did it for your own good. Only by revealing his identity to Mr. Tucker, would the company take you seriously." 
Joanna Lawrence was silent. 
"Joanna." Linda truly believed in her and didn’t want her to leave HE Company. She hesitated for a moment, then tried to persuade her again, "Now the company will definitely value you. By staying in HE Company, you can have a good career. I hope you can stay, and we can achieve great results together." 
"I know, with President Ashton’s help, even if you leave HE Company, you won’t have to worry about resources. But I guess you don’t really want to rely on President Ashton to make you famous, do you? If you had wanted that from the beginning, you wouldn’t have hidden his identity." 
"Nor would you have taken on the Female Lead 3 role." 
"You still want to make a name for yourself on your own, right?" 
It must be said that Linda was very good at figuring out her thoughts. 
She guessed about 80-90% of what Joanna was thinking. 
Indeed, Joanna didn’t really want to rely on Ashton Heath. 
She wanted to see how far she could go if it were just by her own efforts. 
But now, Ashton Heath has already disclosed his identity to Garret Twain. As Linda just mentioned, the company will definitely value her in the future. Isn’t she still relying on Ashton Heath indirectly? 
Seeing her hesitation, Linda continued to try to persuade her temptingly: "Actually, if you stay in the company, even if the company gives you resources, it doesn’t really count as relying on President Ashton. The entertainment industry is filled with artists who have powerful backgrounds, but it’s not like giving them good resources will instantly make them popular."
###Chapter 1034: Chapter 1032: Today is really an unlucky day.
"There are artists who have access to all kinds of good resources but can never become popular. Resources are important, but the artist’s own conditions and strength are also very important. It doesn’t mean you don’t need to make any effort to become popular." 
"Besides, even if your boyfriend is Ashton Heath, Mr. Tucker can give you a chance once or twice for his sake, but if you don’t pull yourself together, there won’t be a third chance." 
"After all, making money is the main goal of the company, right? So, how you develop in the future depends on you. Joanna, the company can provide you with opportunities, but how you apply those opportunities is up to you." 
"Do you understand what I’m saying?" 
"You don’t have to rely on yourself for everything to prove yourself. Why not make good use of good opportunities that come your way? Do you have to refuse the resources handed to you, and struggle to find chances on your own to prove yourself?" 
"In reality, as long as you can perform well and have the audience accept each of the roles you play, you have proven your strength." 
Upon hearing this, Joanna’s eyes flickered, and she looked up at Linda. 
She felt that some of the questions that had been troubling her were finally answered at this moment. 
She had always been thinking about how to gain the audience’s approval and how to showcase her strength. 
Now, she thought she understood. 
As an actress, the only way to prove her strength is through her acting skills. 
Make the audience accept every role she plays. 
Linda’s words just now brought her a lot of enlightenment. 
After thinking it through, she felt that some of her previous thoughts had been too stubborn. 
"Linda, thank you for telling me so much." Joanna seriously considered for a moment, and then gave her answer under Linda’s expectant gaze, "I decide to listen to you, and I’ll have to continue to rely on Linda in the future." 
Linda’s face showed a joyous smile, and at the same time, she breathed a sigh of relief in her heart. 
Fortunately, Joanna finally decided not to terminate her contract. 
Otherwise, losing such a good prospect would be a real pity for her. 
She smiled and reached out her hand: "Let’s continue our pleasant cooperation." 
Joanna also stretched out her hand with a smile: "Yes, let’s have a pleasant cooperation." 
* 
After enjoying their dinner in a good mood, Joanna followed Linda out of the private room. 
She had sent a Twitter message to Ashton Heath in advance, and they agreed to meet at a newly opened restaurant for a meal. Joanna deliberately saved her appetite, and she only ate half of her meal when she was with Linda. 
At the entrance. 
Joanna’s phone rang, and she picked it up to check it. It was a Twitter message from Ashton Heath. 
He said he would be there in ten minutes at the latest. 
Joanna thought for a moment and then replied: Take your time, don’t rush. Be safe on the road. 
Ashton replied instantly: Honey, I know. 
Seeing his reply, Joanna’s lips couldn’t help but curve up. 
"Huh." At this moment, Linda let out a puzzled sound. 
Joanna locked her phone screen and turned to ask, "Linda, what’s the matter?" 
Linda stopped in her tracks and frowned in a certain direction, gritting her teeth in a not-so-good tone: "Today is really unlucky, not suitable for going out." 
Joanna was taken aback, she looked up in the direction of Linda’s gaze, and her face changed slightly when she saw the couple approaching from a short distance away.
###Chapter 1035: Chapter 1033: Sure Enough, It’s Tit-for-Tat
She now feels a bit unlucky. 
"What a scumbag. He’s already with someone new so quickly." Linda said in disgust, "Joanna, wasn’t this scumbag just trying to get back together with you on the street not long ago? And now he’s with another woman." 
"It goes to show that leaving him was the right decision after all. Annie Lawrence must have thought that she’d found a reliable backer so she could marry into a wealthy family and become a young mistress someday. I wonder if she ever thought that one day she would end up like this." 
"What goes around comes around." 
"She stole someone else’s man, and now someone else has come to take her man away." 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and remained silent. 
The man and woman walking towards them were David Benington and a woman in a peach-colored tight dress. 
Joanna had seen the woman before. 
David was with her before he publicly tried to reconcile with Joanna on the street. 
At the time, he explained that they were just friends. 
Now... 
Joanna really wanted to laugh in his face. 
They were already hand in hand, and still just ordinary friends? 
Scumbag! 
Joanna has never been so disgusted with anyone, David is definitely unique in that regard. 
When they saw David, he also noticed them and looked straight at them. 
As he saw Linda standing at the entrance to the restaurant, David’s face changed slightly, and his brows furrowed. 
When his gaze fell on Joanna standing beside Linda, his face changed again, and his eyes were different. 
David and Joanna had known each other for ten years. 
Even though Joanna was wearing sunglasses and a mask, he recognized her at a glance.
His expression became a little too excited, and even the woman beside him noticed it. 
The peach-colored short skirt woman looked at him suspiciously and followed his gaze to Joanna in front of her. 
The woman hesitated for a moment, and her brows wrinkled in displeasure. 
After seeing Joanna, David’s gaze seemed to be glued to her, never leaving her. 
Perhaps it’s true that what you can’t have is the best. 
In front of the current David, Joanna was the moonlight in his heart that no other woman could compare to. 
Upon seeing Joanna, he lost interest in the woman beside him. 
So he didn’t see her angry and discontented eyes at all. 
This only further provoked his companion’s strong dissatisfaction. 
Because of another woman, being ignored by her date, no woman would be unaffected in such a situation. 
The woman stared at Joanna with an unhappy face for a while and saw David still looking infatuated at Joanna, finally couldn’t take it anymore: "David, do you know those two ladies? Aren’t you going to introduce me?" 
Only upon hearing the woman’s voice did David recall his companion beside him. 
He reluctantly took his gaze back and glanced at the beautiful woman beside him, immediately feeling a bit bored. 
This woman beside him was introduced to him by his mother, Mrs Benington. 
She was also a well-bred lady. 
Her family background and status were a good match for the Benington family. 
David didn’t have many feelings for this woman, but considering her decent family background and looks, he accepted her and planned to see how things went between them. 
They had agreed to have dinner together.
###Chapter 1036: Chapter 1034: One day, he will return this breath.
David Benington didn’t expect to run into Joanna Lawrence here. 
As soon as he saw Joanna, his first instinct was to approach her, but the memory of being beaten at the Secret Revolving Restaurant made him hesitate for a moment. 
Thinking about last time, David couldn’t help but feel resentful. 
That man had humiliated him in front of Joanna, and he was not going to let him off the hook! 
David had thought about taking revenge. 
But in the end, he still had to consider the power of the Heath family, so he dropped the idea. 
Even if that man was just a side branch of the Heath family, he might be working for the Heath Group, holding a senior executive position, and might have a good relationship with the main Heath family. 
He was not afraid of that man. 
But he couldn’t afford to offend the Heath family. 
So even if he felt aggrieved, he had to drop the idea of taking revenge in the end. 
But this stifled anger had nowhere to go, and it was always buried in his heart. 
It made him extremely uncomfortable. 
One day, he would get this anger back. 
After looking around and confirming that Ashton Heath was not present, David discreetly brushed off the woman’s hand on his arm: "Yes, I know her. You wait here, I’ll go say hello to her." 
The woman was furious at the fact that he didn’t intend to take her with him: "David, since she’s your friend, aren’t you going to introduce me? Do I embarrass you so much that you don’t want me to meet her?" 
David frowned, feeling that the woman was being unreasonable. 
And what he disliked the most were unreasonable women. 
But considering their short acquaintance and their families’ connections, he swallowed his discomfort and replied: "Nonsense, you can’t embarrass me. I just think that she’s not that close of a friend, so there’s no need to introduce you." 
His explanation only served to increase her fury. 
Not a close friend? 
Then why was he staring at her all this time! 
He was obviously lying to her! 
Did he think she was a fool, and wouldn’t notice anything? 
"Since she’s not that close of a friend, there’s no need to go out of your way to greet her. David, are you hiding something from me? You and her... Are you more than just friends, which is why you don’t want to introduce us?" 
Although they had met through a blind date, 
The woman was quite satisfied with David. 
In their circle, young talents like David were rare. 
So after confirming their relationship, the woman wanted to develop it earnestly. 
However, seeing Joanna brought a sense of crisis to her. 
Although she wasn’t sure about David and Joanna’s relationship, his series of reactions had deepened her sense of crisis. 
And when a woman feels insecure, she will look for ways to gain security. 
The woman’s words changed David’s expression, and a sense of disgust rose in his heart. 
What he despised the most was suspicious women. 
His eyes revealed a trace of impatience. He took a deep breath and said: "Don’t think too much, it’s not what you think." 
The woman looked at Joanna with hostility: "But it seems that way. And, I feel like I’ve seen her somewhere before." 
David furrowed his brow, about to speak, when he saw Joanna and Linda turn and walk in the opposite direction. 
Anxious, he no longer cared about his female companion and hurried after them.
###Chapter 1037: Chapter 1035 Do You Know the Meaning of Misfortune Coming from One’s Mouth
He walked so quickly and urgently that the woman hadn’t even reacted before he had already gone a considerable distance. 
When the woman came to her senses, she saw David Benington hurriedly chasing after someone. 
Leaving her alone, just like that, at the original spot. 
The woman angrily shouted at David’s retreating figure: "David Benington, stand still! Didn’t you say it was just an ordinary friend? You lied to me, you liar!" 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Linda didn’t want to have any further interaction with David Benington. 
So upon seeing him, the two decided unanimously to avoid him. 
However, they had just turned around and walked for a while when they heard a voice they didn’t want to hear from behind: "Joanna, wait." 
"Damn, he’s actually chasing after us." Linda frowned, looking disgusted, "How thick-skinned is this man, he still has the nerve to catch up. What, does he want to reconcile with you?" 
Joanna Lawrence had no idea. 
But she didn’t want to see David Benington at all. 
Her pace hesitated for a moment, then pretended not to hear anything, and continued walking forward with Linda. 
However, David was still closely following them from behind and showed no signs of giving up. 
"Joanna, I know you heard me. Can you stop and have a proper talk with me?" 
Joanna Lawrence ignored him, walking faster and faster, trying to shake him off. 
David realized that she was trying to shake him off, and felt both angry and hurt. He sped up his pace and chased after her. 
After all, he was a tall man. 
Soon, he caught up with Joanna Lawrence. 
Fearing she would leave again, he walked directly in front of her, spread his arms, and blocked her way. 
"Damn." Linda lost her temper and blurted out, "David Benington, what the fuck do you want? Can’t you see that Joanna doesn’t even want to deal with you?" 
Upon seeing David Benington, Linda’s face looked as if she had seen an enemy. 
She still held a grudge against David for firing her. 
David Benington was such a scumbag. 
Not only was he a jerk in his relationships, but he was also terrible in other matters. 
He was a downright scumbag! 
Thinking about how Joanna’s current boyfriend was a hundred times better than him, Linda felt particularly relieved. 
This scumbag must regret it now and wants to win her back. 
But who would look up to him after dating Ashton Heath? 
David glanced at Linda and his face involuntarily darkened, coldly saying, "Linda Tame, what does my business with Joanna have to do with you? It’s not your turn to have a say in our matters." 
Linda wasn’t in his company anymore, so she didn’t need to care about his feelings. 
Naturally, she didn’t need to be polite to him either. 
She also hardened her face, put her hands on her hips, sneered at David without showing any respect, and sarcastically said, "I should be saying that to you. How can an unfaithful man like you, whose conscience has been eaten by a dog, have the face to say that?" 
"Joanna is now my artist, and I have to interfere when there’s a shameless man bothering her. Some people should understand what it means to break up — after that, you’re strangers. I don’t know how someone still has the nerve to keep pestering and not let go." 
"Don’t you know what shame is?" 
In the past, Linda had always been polite to him, even addressing him as Mr. David. 
Not like now, where she didn’t give him any face at all. 
Unable to accept such a difference and feeling humiliated in front of Joanna, David’s expression became fierce: "Linda Tame, who are you talking about? Do you know what it means to let disaster come out of your mouth?"
###Chapter 1038: Chapter 1036: Willingly Let Him Play
"Don’t think I can’t do anything to you just because you left Galaxy Agency," 
"Oh, is Mr. David threatening me?" Linda sneered, mockery in her eyes, "Does Mr. David think that since I worked under him for some time, he can manipulate me however he wants? Or does Mr. David think he’s so powerful he can control everyone and do whatever he pleases?" 
Those with real power were people like her artists’ boyfriends. 
Would she fear a mere David Benington? 
David’s lips tightened, and he clenched one hand: "You can try and see." 
"Alright, I’m looking forward to it," said Linda provocatively, "I’ll be waiting to see how Mr. David can deal with me. Just don’t say it and not do it, lest I be disappointed." 
"Fine, I definitely won’t disappoint you." David glared at Linda, then turned his gaze to Joanna Lawrence. 
He quickly hid the malice and anger in his eyes, replacing it with a gentle and affectionate expression, softly calling Joanna’s name: "Joanna, I didn’t expect to see you here. I have something I want to say to you. Can we find a place to talk?" 
Joanna looked at him expressionlessly. Right now, all she felt for David was revulsion: "Mr. David, I’m afraid there’s not much to talk about. Wasn’t the lesson my boyfriend gave you last time enough?" 
"Mr. David, have you recovered and forgotten the pain? My boyfriend will be here soon, so I advise Mr. David to leave as soon as possible. You’ve seen his temper, and if he comes after you again, I won’t be able to stop him." 
Faint traces of bruises were still visible on David’s face. 
Thought shallow. 
Anyone paying close attention could see them. 
Mentioning past events made David feel humiliated, as if Joanna were mocking him. 
Their relationship of ten years. 
When David was beaten, not only did Joanna not care, but she even used it to ridicule him. 
Angry and heartbroken, David’s face darkened, and he gritted his teeth, "Are you threatening me with him? You think I’d be afraid of him? I only let him off last time because I didn’t want to stoop to his level." 
"Joanna, do you think he’s protecting you and helping you get revenge? I’ve seen guys like him too many times, he’s not sincere toward you at all. He’s just playing with you in the name of having a girlfriend. Do you really think he treats you as a girlfriend?" 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh, "At least he won’t be disloyal to me. In that regard alone, he’s a hundred times better than some people. As for whether or not he’s playing with me, I don’t care." 
"What did you say?" David was surprised, looking at her in disbelief. 
Joanna met his gaze, curving her lips, and said indifferently, "Even if he’s playing, I’d willingly let him play. After all, being played by a handsome and wealthy man is not a losing proposition. Are you satisfied with this answer, Mr. David?" 
"You, how could you..." David, not recognizing her, took a step back in shock, shaking his head, "You’re not the Joanna I know. You wouldn’t have been like this before. You wouldn’t have thought like this in your heart, right?" 
"You’re just angry at me, you..." 
"Mr. David, please don’t let your imagination run wild like that," Joanna frowned and interrupted him, "I’m just trying to annoy you? I want to ask Mr. David, where does your confidence come from, that you think I say this just to annoy you?"
###Chapter 1039: Chapter 1037: Only I Can Give You Happiness
"Joanna, you..." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t wait for David Benington to finish, she scoffed and looked at him as if she were watching a joke, "Mr. David, do you think you’re better looking than my boyfriend, or that you have a better body, or that you’re richer and more powerful than him?" 
"Other than in the aspect of being a jerk, where you indeed surpass him, where else do you surpass him?" 
"My boyfriend surpasses you in all aspects, and you think I’m with him just to upset you?" Joanna couldn’t help laughing out loud, "Mr. David, you’re too full of yourself." 
"Being too confident leads to narcissism." 
"My boyfriend and I are very happy together, I don’t want him to see you with me again. Please Mr. David, stop trying to contact me, I truly don’t want to see you anymore." 
With each word Joanna said, David’s face grew more and more sullen. 
By the time she finished, David’s face had turned as dark as it could be. 
His fists clenched, the veins on his forehead throbbing in anger, "Joanna Lawrence, you..." 
"If my words have upset you, Mr. David, I apologize." Joanna looked at him expressionlessly, "But if I don’t say this, I fear you won’t recognize your true self." 
"David Benington." Joanna suddenly changed how she addressed him, her voice cold as ice, "Stop bothering me in the future, and stop fooling yourself into thinking I still have feelings for you. I am very happy and content now, and I also love my boyfriend." 
"As I said on the day we broke up, I’ll stick to my Sunny Boulevard and you stick to your single-plank bridge. From now on, we have nothing to do with each other. I’m telling you this for the last time, please save yourself some embarrassment and stop bothering me." 
"I presume the CEO of Galaxy Agency isn’t lacking women. You clinging on like this is repulsive." 
"Indeed, I’m not at a lack for women." David suddenly lost his composure, stepping forward and abruptly seizing Joanna’s hand, "But Joanna Lawrence, I only want you, the woman I want to marry is only you." 
"Please give me another chance, please don’t give up on me." 
"Joanna, I love you, I can’t live without you." 
The moment David grabbed her hand, Joanna, as if burnt, immediately tried to shake him off. 
But David held on tightly. 
"David, have you gone mad, let me go!" She couldn’t believe how shameless this man was. One moment he was draped over some other woman, the next he was asking her to give him another chance. 
How could he have the audacity to say such things! 
She realised that every time they met after breaking up, his cheek could hit a new low. 
She wondered if in the past ten years, it was him disguising himself too well or she was turning a blind eye. 
Ten whole years, and she hadn’t seen his true colours. 
She had mistaken him for a rare good man. 
After she began to loathe him deeply, his touch repulsed her to no end. 
Joanna tried to free her hand, but David, as if he had lost his sanity, gripped her wrist even tighter, his eyes turning red, "Joanna, give me one more chance, only I can give you happiness."
###Chapter 1040: Chapter 1038: Even If He Plays You, You Don’t Mind?
"That man with the last name Ashton Heath isn’t sincere with you, he’s just playing with you." 
"Once he gets bored and feels that you’re no longer interesting, he’ll kick you to the curb. There’s no good ending for you with him. But if you choose me, it’s different. As long as you’re willing, I can marry you right away and make you my honorable wife, David Benington." 
"David, let go of me. It’s impossible for me to be with you." Joanna Lawrence’s wrist had been pinched red, and she was in so much pain that her brow furrowed tightly together. 
David Benington was emotionally out of control, and the more she struggled, the harder he gripped her wrist. 
He was afraid that if he let go, she would run away. 
She belonged to him. 
No one else could have her. 
As Joanna struggled, her hair, which had been draped over her chest, spread out, revealing her neck. David immediately saw the love bites there. 
Those love bites had already faded quite a bit. 
But they hadn’t completely disappeared. 
David saw them at a glance. 
His eyes turned red as he stared at the love bites on Joanna’s neck, imagining her being wantonly loved by another man under him. His eyes instantly became fierce, his forehead’s veins bulged, and he gritted his teeth, angrily asking, "Even when he plays with you, you still don’t care? Why are you so devoted to him? Is it because he’s good in bed and makes you feel so comfortable that you can’t bear to leave him?" 
"Joanna, during the two years we were together, you never gave yourself to me and said you wanted to save your first time for our wedding night. I liked you and thought you were a virtuous woman, so I respected your choice, even though I longed for you, I never touched you." 
"But now, you’ve kept yourself clean for me, only to give yourself to another man? How long have you known him before you got into his bed?" 
Those love bites made David lose all reason. 
He was jealous and angry, with terrifying red eyes consumed by the fire of rage. 
He thought of the two years he was with Joanna. 
She was so beautiful, and he liked her so much; of course, he wanted to be with her sooner. 
But every time he expressed his desire, Joanna would refuse him. 
She told him she wanted their first time together to be on their wedding night and hoped he would respect that decision. 
David did like her, and besides her, he never thought of marrying anyone else. 
So even if he wanted her more, he still held back. 
Moreover, Joanna’s rejection made him more determined in his choice. 
He felt that she was a self-loving woman. 
A woman worthy of his love. 
If she had casually agreed and given herself to him, he would have thought her unsuitable to be a wife. 
But those two years had indeed been difficult for him. 
So, when Annie Lawrence seduced him, took the initiative to climb into his bed, he couldn’t resist the temptation.
But a casual woman like Annie, he was just playing with. 
He knew what kind of woman was suitable to bring home and what kind of woman was just for fun. 
He had held back for so many years, not daring to touch her, but not long after they broke up, she got into bed with another man! 
How could she be so casual! 
With him, she insisted on waiting until after marriage to be intimate. 
Yet now she casually gave herself to another man. 
For a moment, overwhelming anger and jealousy left him completely irrational.
###Chapter 1041: Chapter 1039: Your "clean living" is all a pretense!
He felt a surge of anger, as if something that originally belonged to him, was now occupied by someone else. 
"If I had known earlier that you were such a loose woman, I shouldn’t have taken you seriously. I should not have believed your words and hesitated to touch you. Why don’t you answer me, huh? You don’t want to leave Ashton Heath, is it because his skills in bed are good?!" 
"Are you suggesting that as long as he’s good in bed, he can keep you?" 
In his extreme anger, David Benington did not hold back and said all sorts of vulgar things. 
Linda was utterly shocked. 
When she was at Galaxy Agency, she used to think that David looked like a gentleman. 
After leaving Galaxy Agency, she did know he was a scumbag, but she has never seen such a degraded side of him. 
She simply couldn’t believe that those obscene words were said by him. 
Even though Joanna Lawrence no longer considered David as anything important, his words still angered her to the point that she was shaking all over. 
Her voice trembled: "David, what did you just say?" 
David, with wrathful, bloodshot eyes, stared at her: "Aren’t I right? After you proposed to me, why didn’t you demand the same from Ashton Heath? I thought you were a woman with integrity, I didn’t expect that it was all an act!"
"Joanna Lawrence, you really make me sick." 
"Slap!" 
David hadn’t finished speaking when he received a resounding slap to his face. 
His head was turned to the side, and five clear fingertip marks immediately appeared on his face. 
"I really wish we had never met. David, you’re the type of man who doesn’t deserve happiness in this lifetime." Joanna was shaking with anger, she slapped him hard on the face and then stopped looking at him. 
"Linda, let’s go." 
Linda also wanted to slap David very much. 
This man was utterly disgusting. 
He totally redefined her understanding of a scumbag. 
If she were Joanna, one slap wouldn’t be enough to vent her anger. 
She would definitely beat this scumbag up until he couldn’t recognize his own parents. 
What he said was beyond the pale. 
Had he been her ex-boyfriend, she would never have settled for just one slap. 
"Okay, let’s go." 
But she knew, if she was disgusted by this man to this extent, Joanna must be feeling even sicker. 
Joanna probably really didn’t want to see him at this moment. 
The two of them ignored David and turned to leave. 
Unbelievably, David, not giving up, chased them again, grabbing Joanna’s arm: "Joanna Lawrence, do you think you can just walk away like this? Tell me, what exactly do you need to return to my side?" 
"You’ve already slept with another man, but I’ve not rejected you. Besides me, what other man would not care that you are second-hand? Apart from me, do you have any better choices?" 
"Afterwards, when Ashton Heath ditches you, you’ll become second-hand goods. Then, you’ll see which man will want you!" 
Joanna could no longer tolerate it, she thought David was nothing more than a mad dog. 
A mad dog that wouldn’t let go. 
She turned around to slap his face again, but before her hand could stretch out, a peach-colored figure quickly flashed in front of her. 
Before Joanna could see who it was, "slap!", a hand hit her face.
###Chapter 1042: Chapter 1040: If you want to lose face, it’s you who will lose face!
The next second, the woman’s sharp, angry voice rang out, "You shameless woman, you stink and seduce other people’s men!" 
The woman’s voice was very loud. 
Joanna was on the street again. 
The woman’s outburst attracted many passers-by to glance at them. 
As her slap came down, all three other people were shocked except for her. 
Joanna covered her face, only snapping back to reality after a few seconds. 
Realizing that she had been slapped. 
Seeing the peach-red tight-skirted woman who suddenly sprang in front of her and thinking of the slap she had just received, Joanna’s face darkened and she raised her hand, wanting to slap the woman back. 
But David Benington pulled the woman behind him, then turned around and angrily asked the woman, "What are you doing? Didn’t I tell you to wait for me over there? How did you come over here?" 
The woman raised her head, angry at him, "David, you lied to me that she’s just an ordinary friend of yours. You’re holding hands and hugging with her on the street, do you still dare to say you’re just ordinary friends?" 
"Are you afraid that I will find out about your relationship if you don’t let me come over?" 
David’s face changed instantly, and he said with a gloomy face: "What nonsense are you talking about? Don’t make a scene without reason." 
"Me making a scene without reason?" The woman turned her head, her eyes ferociously staring at Joanna, pointing at her and saying out loud, "Do you think I don’t know who she is? I remember her, I’ve seen her before." 
"She’s your ex-girlfriend, Joanna Lawrence." 
"David, you’ve already agreed to date me, but now you’re still entangled with your ex-girlfriend. What do you think of me?" 
"And you, you shameless woman, you’ve broken up with David but you’re still clinging to him. How can you be so shameless? Let me tell you, David already has a girlfriend now, if you have any dignity left, stop hanging on to him." 
"The slap just now was a lesson, if I find out later that you’re still clinging to him, next time it won’t be as simple as a slap. I know you’re in the entertainment industry and you’re just a little actress, it’s easy to deal with you." 
"Actors like you are shameless, you can do anything to get ahead. You know David is now the president of Galaxy Agency, so you want to rekindle your old feelings and let him promote you, don’t you?" 
The woman deliberately spoke very loudly. 
Passersby around them started to stop and watch the commotion. 
David’s face turned ugly as he grabbed the woman, "Enough, don’t make a scene anymore. It’s embarrassing in public, don’t you think? The situation is not what you think, I’ll explain it to you later."
"Let’s go back now. We’ll talk about it when we get back." 
"Embarrassing?" The woman became even angrier when she heard his words, shaking off his hand and pointing at his nose, cursing, "I haven’t done anything wrong, my conscience is clear, why should I be embarrassed? If anyone should be, it’s you two!" 
"David, I’m still here, and you’re cavorting with your ex-girlfriend, what do you think I am?" 
"If you don’t want to be with me, just tell me directly. Do you need to be so passive-aggressive about it?" 
"While dating me, you’re still entangled with an actress. David, you’re insulting me!" The woman repeatedly referred to Joanna as an actress, obviously looking down on her status.
###Chapter 1043: Chapter 1041: You got hit? Who hit you?
In her view, those female artists in the entertainment circles all relied on selling their bodies to get ahead. 
Joanna Lawrence was no exception. 
A woman who climbed the ladder by selling herself dares to compete with her for a man? 
David Benington had been tolerating the woman because her parents and his parents were good friends. 
However, when he heard her insulting Joanna, he couldn’t bear it any longer. His face darkened, and his voice became cold: "Miss Conway, strictly speaking, we aren’t really dating. I only said we would try, but you misunderstood my intentions." 
"So you have no right to accuse anyone here." 
In David’s view, he could criticize Joanna. 
But others couldn’t. 
He wouldn’t allow anyone to bully the woman he liked. 
He didn’t have much liking for the woman beside him, and her behavior just now ruined the little bit of a good impression she had left in his heart. 
At this moment, David thought the woman beside him was utterly hateful. 
When she threw a tantrum, she was no different from a shrew. 
The more disgusted he felt about the woman beside him, the more he thought that Joanna was the tender moonlight in his heart. 
Irreplaceable. 
No one could ever compare. 
Thus, under such circumstances, he naturally needed to defend this tender moonlight in his heart. 
He wanted to win Joanna back, so naturally, he should put on a good show in front of her. 
And he directly denied his relationship with the woman beside him. 
The woman’s eyes widened: "David, what did you just say?" 
David’s eyes had completely turned cold. When he looked at her, it was like looking at a stranger: "I said we’re not dating at all. You just wishfully think so." 
Fearing Joanna would misunderstand, he immediately turned to her and explained: "Joanna, don’t listen to her nonsense. We’re not dating at all. She was introduced to me by my mom. I didn’t want to reject my mom’s good intentions, so I met her twice." 
"But we never dated." 
"Other than you, I won’t look for any other woman. You must believe me." 
"David, you scumbag!" The woman raised her hand and slapped David on the face. 
It hit the other half of David’s face. 
With the slap from Joanna earlier, both sides of David’s face swelled up.
"And you, you shameless woman! I won’t let you two, this scumbag and shameless couple, off the hook!" The woman’s anger was not yet vented, and she raised her hand to slap Joanna again. 
Seeing this, David wanted to step in front of Joanna’s to protect her, but a black figure was faster and stood in front of Joanna. 
The woman’s raised hand was caught in mid-air. 
She paused for a moment, raised her angry head, and prepared to say something. But when she clearly saw the face of the man in front of her, she was shocked and surprised, her eyes widening. 
Her face changed, and she exclaimed in astonishment: "Mr. Parker, Mr. Parker..." 
David, standing beside her, was also stunned, revealing the same astonished expression on his face. 
Frank Parker held the woman’s hand, looked down at Joanna, and when he saw the clear finger marks on her face, his eyes darkened. A cold air enveloped him, and he said coldly: "You were hit by someone? Who hit you?" 
When Joanna saw Frank Parker, she was also surprised. 
Stunned for a few seconds, she frowned and said: "Mr. Parker, how are you here?" 
Frank’s cold gaze was still on the slap mark on her face, and his voice became even colder: "I asked you who hit you on the face?"
###Chapter 1044: Chapter 1042: Frank Parker Stands up for Her
Joanna Lawrence’s skin is very fair. 
So, when the woman slapped her, the handprint on her face was extremely conspicuous. 
Looking at the five red finger marks, Frank Parker’s anger deepened. 
Before Joanna could answer him, he turned his head, and his cold gaze fell on the woman beside David Benington. His eyes narrowed bit by bit: "Did you hit her?" 
The finger marks were delicate, not like those left by a man. 
The woman in the peach-colored tight dress was shocked beyond disbelief when she saw him. When she thought about the rumors about him and Joanna, she became somewhat afraid. 
Now, seeing him as if he was about to stand up for Joanna, she became even more terrified. Her face turned pale and she stammered with fear: "Y-yes, I hit her. She’s shameless, seducing other people’s men. Can’t I hit her?" 
"Mr. Parker, do you really know this little actress? You don’t intend to stand up for her, do you?" 
"You hit her? Very well." Frank Parker looked at the woman and slowly hooked his lips into a smile. 
His smile made the woman even more panicked and scared. 
"Slap!" 
When Frank Parker’s slap landed on the woman’s face, knocking her to the ground, the surrounding area was filled with the sound of sharp intakes of breath. 
The woman who got hit was stunned and fell to the ground, it took her a while to come to her senses. 
David Benington looked at Frank Parker in astonishment, unable to believe that he would actually take action in public. 
And that he would even hit a woman. 
Frank Parker, however, wore an indifferent expression on his face. He slowly walked forward a few steps and stopped beside the woman. 
With his hands in his pockets, he lowered his head and looked down at the woman lying at his feet. 
There wasn’t a hint of warmth in his narrow, sinister eyes: "This is payback for her. What are you? How dare you lay a hand on her." 
The woman was utterly dazed by his slap. 
She almost passed out. 
As she gasped for breath on the ground, it took her a long while to recover. 
Her face burned with pain, her mouth filled with the taste of blood, and her slapped cheek swelled like a pig’s head. 
She held her swollen face and slowly raised her head, her expression still full of disbelief: "Mr. Parker, how could you hit a woman?" 
"Hit a woman?" Frank Parker sneered, his eyes full of arrogance and malicious intent as he looked at her, "I don’t have such rules. I don’t care if you’re a man or a woman. If you do something I don’t like, I’ll kill you all the same." 
"Just now, I heard you say that teaching her a lesson would be easy?" His shiny black leather shoes gently crushed the ground, as if he was casually asking. But the hint of cruelty that flashed in his eyes made the woman tremble with fear. 
In the upper-class social circle, who didn’t know that the young master of the Parker family was sick? 
And his sickness was quite terrifying. When it attacked, he couldn’t even control himself. 
It was said that when he got angry, his illness was prone to flare up. 
Once he got sick, the person who angered him would either be killed or severely injured. 
The woman was scared and said: "Mr. Parker, I was just speaking casually." 
"You better be just talking casually. I don’t know if teaching her a lesson is easy for you or not, but teaching you a lesson is definitely easy for me." Disgusted, Frank Parker glanced at her once and turned to walk towards Joanna. 
He looked at the swollen half of Joanna’s face and furrowed his brow. He was clearly worried but didn’t dare show it: "I’ve returned that slap for you. If you don’t think it’s enough to vent your anger, you can go and slap her again."
###Chapter 1045: Chapter 1043: Why didn’t he treat Joanna Lawrence better before?
"I guarantee she won’t dare to fight back." 
Joanna looked at him blankly, and after a while, asked doubtfully, "Mr. Parker, what are you...?" 
She never expected. 
That Frank Parker would show up at a time like this. 
And moreover, he had even slapped that woman for her. 
Was he standing up for her? 
But their relationship hadn’t progressed to the point where she wanted him to stand up for her. 
Thinking about the online rumors about them, Joanna frowned. 
She and Frank Parker had just made headlines. 
If someone were to capture the scene that had just unfolded, revealing that Frank had stood up for her, there would probably be more scandalous news coming up. 
It would then be difficult to make a clarification. 
If it happened once, it was gossip; twice was gossip, but could it still be gossip if it happened three or four times? 
Especially since Frank Parker was not someone who liked to meddle in others’ affairs. 
Would he stand up for her again and again if there was no relationship between them? 
Even she couldn’t explain it, let alone others. 
Joanna wasn’t sure if any of the onlookers had recognized her. 
That woman had deliberately called out her name loudly, and she didn’t know if anyone had already recognized her. 
"Even considering my relationship with Ashton, I can’t let others bully you." Meeting her puzzled gaze, Frank’s eyes flashed, and he unexpectedly felt a little guilty. 
He didn’t dare to maintain eye contact with her. 
Fearing that she would see through his thoughts. 
So, he used his relationship with Ashton Heath as a shield. 
But he knew precisely why he had helped her in the first place. 
Helping her had nothing to do with Ashton Heath. 
He had helped her because of a secret in his heart. 
A secret that only he could know. 
Joanna stared blankly for a few more seconds, and the doubt in her eyes gradually disappeared. 
That made sense. 
Although she had no particular friendship with Frank Parker, he and Ashton Heath were still very close brothers. 
When he saw his brother’s wife being bullied, he couldn’t just pretend not to see it and do nothing. 
Even if he didn’t like her. 
At a time like this, he still had to step in and help. 
"Thank you, Mr. Parker." Joanna had wanted to slap her back, but since Frank Parker had already done it for her, she didn’t plan to add another slap. 
Moreover, that woman was already shivering with fear from Frank’s actions. 
When she said thank you, Frank Parker’s eyebrows furrowed. 
Her polite and somewhat distant attitude made him feel very uneasy. 
He could sense that she was deliberately keeping her distance from him. 
Was it because of the online rumors about them? 
Or was it because his attitude towards her had been too harsh in the past, leaving a terrible impression in her heart, so she didn’t want to get too close to him anymore? 
No matter what the reason, it was enough to make Frank Parker feel frustrated. 
He now regretted it immensely. 
Why hadn’t he been nicer to Joanna before? 
It wasn’t just that he hadn’t been nice, but he had been so cruel... 
Now that he knew all the truth, he wanted to treat her well, to make up for her, but it seemed as if he had no chance. 
Even trying to be ordinary friends with her was so difficult. 
"There’s no need to thank me." Frank Parker was feeling uneasy, and his mood seemed somewhat low. He glanced around casually and asked, "Where’s Ashton? Isn’t he with you?" 
"Yes, I had dinner with a friend. He’s coming to pick me up now; he should be here soon."
###Chapter 1046: Chapter 1044: Do you know, she already has a man
Frank Parker pursed his lips and fell silent for a moment: "Really?" 
Joanna Lawrence nodded gently: "Mm." 
"Alright." Frank also nodded, "Since Ashton is coming soon, I don’t have much to worry about. I have something to do, so I’ll leave first." 
Joanna politely and courteously replied: "Alright, goodbye Mr. Parker." 
Seeing her polite expression, Frank’s heart was even more suffocated. 
She was not like this when she met Grant. 
At least when she met Grant, she would still smile and chat with him for a while. 
But when she saw him... 
Although she didn’t show a cold face, her attitude towards him was no different from that of a passerby. 
Maybe, she would still smile at passersby. 
But in front of him, she had no trace of a smile. 
Feeling irritable, Frank turned around and saw David Benington still standing there. Frank’s handsome face instantly darkened, and he took a step towards David. 
"Mr., Mr. Parker, what do you want to do?" 
Seeing Frank coming over, David’s eyes showed a trace of panic, and he involuntarily took a step back. 
His eyes filled with wariness and alertness: "Mr. Parker, this is a public place, and so many people are watching. You should be more careful with your words and actions." 
After Frank slapped that woman just now, not only was she scared to death, but David was also frightened. 
In the upper-class social circle, who didn’t know about young master Parker’s terrifying illness? 
Until now, that illness of his still hasn’t been cured and is being controlled by medications prescribed by the doctor. 
However, those medicines only temporarily suppress and alleviate the symptoms. 
The root of his illness is still there. 
Thus, it might resurface at any time. 
And once he experiences an episode, he becomes extremely terrifying. 
No one knew how many times he had had episodes since he was a child. 
But one thing he did during an episode shocked everyone in Closia and changed how people saw him. 
No one in Closia had the courage to provoke him. 
Not only because of his prominent status but also because of his terrifying illness. 
Even if they got involved with other wealthy scions, even if they were taught a lesson, they could at least protect their lives. 
But if they provoked young master Parker... 
During an episode, he would hurt others fatally. 
Seeing David’s pitiful appearance, Frank sneered contemptuously: "So what if it’s a public place? What I care least about is what others think of me. Anyway, I’m not a good person." 
With that, he took another step forward and slowly raised an arm. 
Seeing this, David’s face revealed a look of horror, and he immediately assumed a dodging posture. 
"Heh." 
Frank’s outstretched hand stopped in mid-air, the disdain and scorn in his eyes increasing. He sneered coldly, "Last time you harassed her on the street, she clearly rejected you. You know very well her attitude, yet you still dare to pester her." 
"Do you think the Benington Group has lasted too long and want it to fall into your hands sooner?" 
After seeing that Frank didn’t intend to actually fight, David put down the hand that was guarding his forehead. 
However, he still looked warily at Frank. 
Thinking about the rumors on the internet, his face darkened, and he glared at Frank with both fear and anger. "Mr. Parker, are you standing up for her? But do you know, she already has a man?"
###Chapter 1047: Chapter 1045: Now, get out of here immediately!
"You stand up for her, and you think she’ll appreciate you?" 
Frank Parker sneered, "So what? It’s my business, what does it have to do with you? Mind your own business, will you?" 
"Mr. Parker, you..." David Benington was shocked that Frank did not mind that Joanna Lawrence had other men in her life. 
Not only did Joanna quickly hook up with Ashton Heath after their breakup, but now she had even hooked up with the heir of the Parker family. David’s jealousy and anger twisted his facial expression. 
He was not clear about Heath’s family background. 
Only knowing that he was from a side branch of the Heath family. 
Whereas Frank Parker was a well-known prominent figure in the city, an untouchable and highly respected person. 
No wonder Joanna refused to get back together with him-time and time again. 
She had found herself a better option. 
A woman who could cling to the young master of the Parker family would never settle for David Benington. 
He had always thought that, after all, they had shared a decade of feelings. 
No one else could replace that. 
He had betrayed her and had let her down. 
But she couldn’t possibly have lost her feelings for him so quickly. 
He didn’t believe it. 
Until now... 
He had to admit that she had become a practical woman. 
She was no longer the Joanna Lawrence he had known before. 
To her, clinging to the heir of the Parker family was far more important than their ten years of feelings together. 
"This is my final warning to you." Frank Parker narrowed his eyes, his gaze darkening, "Stay away from her. If I see you harassing her again, I promise you’ll regret it. If you don’t want the Benington Group to be ruined by you, behave yourself." 
"Now, get out of my sight!" 
He looked at the shivering woman on the ground, with a disgusted face, "And take this woman with you." 
Frank Parker’s words were harsh.
It was safe to say that he didn’t take David Benington seriously at all. 
But David dared not show any temper. 
More and more spectators were gathering around, pointing and whispering about them. 
David felt utterly humiliated. 
His face turned pale as he stared at Frank Parker. 
"What are you looking at? Get lost." Frank Parker’s face turned cold, "Do you want me to have someone ’escort’ you out?" 
David knew precisely what Frank’s true intent was when he mentioned "escorting." 
He glanced at the shivering woman beside him, who was almost fainting with fear. A hint of disgust flashed in his eyes as he gritted his teeth and reluctantly helped her up from the ground. 
Before he left, he stared intently at Joanna. 
His unwillingness, anger, and jealousy were plainly written in his eyes. 
"Joanna Lawrence, you will regret this." He gritted his teeth with resentment, "I’ll be waiting for the day when you realize how wrong your choice was." 
After dropping this harsh word, he left resentfully with the woman beside him. 
After watching David and the woman walk away, Frank Parker glanced at Joanna Lawrence and then left too. 
The crowd watching the commotion dispersed as the main character left. 
Linda, who had witnessed everything, stared at Frank Parker’s retreating figure with a thoughtful expression on her face. 
She suddenly felt that the rumors on the internet might not be entirely without credibility. 
That Joanna Lawrence was Frank Parker’s lover was definitely false and unbelievable. 
Joanna’s attitude towards Frank was clearly not even at the level of a close friend. 
But Frank Parker...
###Chapter 1048: Chapter 1046: You haven’t answered me yet, what’s going on with your face?
A woman’s intuition made Linda feel that Frank Parker’s feelings for Joanna Lawrence were far from simple. 
It was not because he had helped Joanna. 
But the way he looked at Joanna... 
It was not quite normal. 
But these words, Linda wouldn’t tell Joanna. 
In the past, she didn’t know Ashton Heath’s real identity; now that she knew, there were some things she absolutely couldn’t say recklessly. 
Linda looked up at Joanna’s delicate and beautiful face, which hardly resembled a real person, and wasn’t very surprised that Frank Parker would have a crush on her. 
Such a beautiful face and a flower-like age - who wouldn’t like her if they were a normal man? 
Even Mr. Ashton, who never had any romantic interest in women, had fallen for her, so it was not strange that the young master of the Parker family would also be interested. 
However, considering the friendship between the young master of the Parker family and Mr. Ashton, liking the same woman might affect their relationship. 
Shortly after Frank Parker left, Ashton Heath called. 
Joanna answered the phone. 
Ashton asked her, "Where are you? I’m already at the restaurant, but I can’t see you." 
Joanna hesitated as she touched her slightly swollen cheek and then told him her current location. 
It didn’t take long for Ashton to find her. 
Linda accompanied Joanna, waiting for him. When she saw Ashton, her mood completely changed. 
When she was still unaware of his real identity, she had already felt some respect for him. 
Now that she knew Ashton’s real identity, seeing this man again added even more respect in her heart. 
When Ashton came over, she greeted him with a respectful tone that she didn’t even realize, "Mr. Ashton." 
Ashton nodded lightly in response. 
His gaze only stopped on Linda for a second, then quickly turned to Joanna. His deep eyes glanced at her covered cheek for a moment, and his eyebrows furrowed immediately. 
He reached out to remove her hand covering her cheek, "What happened to your face?" 
Upon seeing the finger marks on Joanna’s face that hadn’t faded yet, a layer of coldness instantly took over the man’s pitch-black eyes, his gaze chilling as ice, "Who hit you?" 
Joanna knew it would be like this. 
She sighed softly, "It was because of some misunderstanding, but the issue has been resolved now. Are you hungry? Let’s go eat." 
Ashton stood still, staring at the finger marks on her face, his gaze growing colder, "You haven’t answered me yet, what happened to your face? Who hit you?" 
"It’s really not a big deal, I..." 
Since she refused to say, Ashton turned to Linda, his voice wrapped in ice, each word carrying a chilling intimidation, "You’ve been with her all this time, tell me, what happened to her face?" 
"Well, Mr. Ashton..." Linda hesitated and looked at Joanna. 
"If she won’t say, that’s fine. You won’t say either? She’s your artist, and she’s been bullied while with you. Do you want me to hold you, the agent, responsible?" 
"Mr. Ashton, no," Linda was frightened and immediately told him everything that had happened just now. 
After hearing it, Ashton’s face looked terrifyingly dark. 
"Was it David Benington’s man who did this?" He looked down at Joanna, his eyes filled with a storm about to break at any moment.
###Chapter 1049: Chapter 1047: Every time you’re like this, I feel scared.
"Yes." Linda nodded, "Apparently that woman is David Benington’s new girlfriend. It was David that kept pestering Joanna and refused to let her go, but his new girlfriend mistook it as if Joanna was the one clinging to him, so she took action. When the woman suddenly came over, we didn’t react in time to stop her." 
Linda really detested David Benington. 
So if there was a chance to make David suffer, she would definitely not be lenient. 
Seeing the colder and more gloomy expression on Ashton Heath’s face, she added fuel to the fire, "David is so shameless. He was the one who betrayed Joanna and broke up with her, and now he wants to get back with her and keeps pestering her. Mr. Ashton, you have no idea how disgusting he is. He said a lot of things to insult Joanna." 
"But later, he was slapped in the face by Mr. Parker. In front of Mr. Parker, he was as submissive as a grandson, not even daring to let out a fart. It’s so satisfying to see him act like such a coward, hahaha." 
"Mr. Parker, you mean Frank Parker? He was here just now?" Ashton Heath’s face changed instantly, his eyebrows furrowed. 
"Yes, just now Mr. Parker..." Linda stopped halfway through her sentence when she saw Ashton Heath’s face change, immediately holding her tongue. 
She realized that she seemed to have said something she shouldn’t have. 
"Well, Mr. Ashton, Joanna, I have something to do, so I’ll leave first. I won’t disturb you two anymore." Feeling the man’s increasing aura of anger, Linda decided to retreat first. 
"Joanna, we’ll talk on the phone if there’s anything." After making a phone call gesture, Linda turned around, hailed a taxi, and left. 
Ashton Heath’s face was still gloomy. 
Standing beside him, Joanna Lawrence felt the waves of coldness emanating from his body. She bit her lip hesitantly for a moment, then gently tugged at his sleeve, "Are you still angry? Is it because of David? I didn’t expect to run into him here either." 
Ashton Heath glanced down at her with a cold expression, "Do you think I’m angry because of David?" 
"Isn’t it?" Joanna touched her still swollen face, looked up at his expression, hesitated for a few seconds, and then asked quietly, "Or is it because I was hit and you’re very angry about it?" 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips without speaking, his gaze falling on the place where she had been hit. His eyes darkened, and a touch of ruthlessness flashed in them. 
"Ashton, say something." Joanna tugged gently at his sleeve again, her voice soft and delicate, sounding a bit pitiful, "Tell me why you’re angry. Don’t be silent." 
"Every time you’re like this, I get scared." 
"I’m not angry at you." Ashton Heath sighed softly, turned around, and pulled her into his embrace. 
He caressed the side of her face that had been hit with great care, "I was just thinking that when you got hurt, I wasn’t by your side. I didn’t protect you properly, letting others bully you time and time again. I’m not a qualified good husband." 
"It’s not your fault." Joanna also hugged him back, "And besides, I already got that slap back. Don’t worry, I won’t let myself be taken advantage of." 
"But you were slapped." Ashton Heath thought about what Linda had just said and his eyes darkened, "Merely returning the slap isn’t enough. I’ll make those who hit you pay the price."
###Chapter 1050: Chapter 1048: Try to have as little contact with him as possible in the future
"Ashton Heath, you don’t need to..." 
"You don’t need to worry about this anymore." Ashton Heath interrupted her coldly, asserting himself, "I know what needs to be done. You are my wife, Ms. Joanna of the Heath family. I won’t agree to let this incident pass, and neither will anyone in the Heath family." 
"This concerns the Heath family’s reputation." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Alright. 
Since he’s speaking so seriously, it seems that not letting him do something is unacceptable. 
"Was Frank just here?" Ashton remembered the phone call he had with Frank Parker earlier, and his hand tightened at his side. 
Joanna didn’t know what he was thinking and nodded, "Yes, he just happened to pass by here." 
"Your agent mentioned that he took care of David Benington. Is that true? How did he do it?" 
Joanna hadn’t felt anything wrong earlier, but now she noticed something off. She looked up at him, hesitated, and then said, "Well, he just helped me out because of his friendship with you." 
"Is that so?" Ashton squinted, his expression unchanged, but his eyes darkened. He scoffed, "Come to think of it, last time David harassed you, it was Frank who helped resolve the situation. This time, too." 
"What a coincidence." 
He spoke lightly, but Joanna, who knew him well, could tell that someone seemed to be jealous again. 
She twitched a corner of her mouth, "Yes, it’s quite a coincidence. I didn’t expect it either." 
"I didn’t know he used to be such a busybody." Ashton said casually again, "It seems I didn’t know him well enough." 
Joanna: "..." 
She knew it! 
This childish, jealous man was jealous again. 
She was somewhat speechless, "It’s not really being a busybody, is it? I am your wife after all. If he sees his brother’s wife being bullied, wouldn’t he help out? If he did nothing, wouldn’t you blame him?" 
"You don’t understand him." Ashton pursed his lips and fell silent for a moment, feeling a bit stifled in his heart, "He wasn’t like this before. In any case, what he’s doing now is different from before. Anyway, you don’t like him, so try to minimize contact with him in the future." 
Joanna: "..." 
She realized that he asked her to minimize contact with all the men around her. 
So far, the only man who hasn’t made him jealous and has a close relationship with her is Jeremy Lawrence. 
His tolerance for Jeremy seemed to be slightly better. 
At least he wouldn’t get jealous easily. 
Was it because he knew that Jeremy was her brother and would never develop any other relationship with her, so he was more at ease? 
However, if he got jealous of even Jeremy, Joanna would be rendered speechless too. 
"Alright, alright, I got it. Are you hungry? Let’s go eat. Weren’t you going to take me to a delicious cuisine restaurant? I didn’t eat much earlier, just waiting to go eat with you." 
Ashton held his lips together and gently stroked the spot where she had been hit, his eyes filled with concern, "Does it still hurt? Let’s go to the pharmacy first. You need to apply something to the swelling on your face." 
When he finished speaking, he looked around, saw a pharmacy across the street, and started to take Joanna there to buy medicine. 
"Ashton Heath, there’s no need for medicine. After a good night’s sleep, the swelling will go down by tomorrow."
###Chapter 1051: Chapter 1049: Make Her as Happy and Joyful as Possible
The man ignored her and continued walking forward, leading her by the hand. 
After buying the medicine, the two returned to his car. 
Ashton Heath rolled up the car window, opened a tube of ointment, and gently applied it to her face with a cotton swab. 
"Hss." Even though his touch was gentle, Joanna Lawrence winced in pain.
Ashton immediately stopped, looking worried, "Did I hurt you?" 
"It’s fine, it doesn’t hurt that much now." 
It was painful when the ointment was first applied, but soon Joanna felt a cooling sensation on her face, and the pain subsided significantly. 
"Should I continue applying the medicine?" 
"Mhm." 
Ashton picked up the cotton swab and continued to apply ointment on the swollen area of her face. This time, his gestures were even gentler and more cautious. 
It was as if he was treating a priceless treasure. 
As he applied the ointment, his eyes were filled with tenderness. 
When he finished applying the medicine, he held her face, examining it, and said, "The swelling should subside by tomorrow. I’ll apply more before you go to bed." 
"Mhm." Joanna nodded, looking into his concerned eyes. She smiled and said in a relaxed tone, "I’m not in pain anymore. The ointment feels cool and comfortable on my face." 
Ashton pressed his lips together, remaining silent. 
"Alright, I’m really fine now. Let’s go eat, alright? It’s already this late, aren’t you hungry?" 
"Mhm, let’s go eat." Ashton paused for a few seconds before reaching out to playfully ruffle her hair. "After dinner, do you want to watch a movie? Or do you have any other ideas? Anyway, whatever you want to do, I’ll accompany you." 
"Watch a movie?" Joanna thought for a moment, then nodded, "Alright, I’ll pick an interesting movie to watch after dinner." 
There’s a popular foreign blockbuster that was recently released. 
Joanna thought that she and Ashton could go watch it together. 
"Besides watching a movie?" Ashton hesitated, then asked, "Do you want to do anything else?" 
He wanted to have a proper date with Joanna. 
But, other than eating, watching movies, and shopping, he didn’t know of any other dating activities. 
He searched online and found that these were the typical ways people date. 
However, he felt that if they always did the same things, she might find their dates boring. 
She was still young and at an age where she enjoyed romance. 
He feared that she might find their time together too dull and tedious. 
He didn’t know how boys her age dated and interacted with girls. 
He was six years older than her. 
Though he wasn’t too old, compared to her, he was still considerably older. 
In front of her, he always worried that there would be a generation gap between them. 
He wanted to make her as happy and content as possible, to make her feel blissful. 
He wanted her to feel that being with him was a beautiful thing. 
"Other activities?" Joanna paused and thought for a moment, then shook her head, "I can’t think of anything right now. Do you not want to watch a movie, or is there something else you want to do? I don’t have to watch a movie." 
"No, it’s not that," Ashton paused, took a deep breath, and continued, "I’ll do whatever you want. Joanna, I’m worried that you’ll find it boring. Do you think our dates are dull and uninteresting?" 
"How could I?"
###Chapter 1052: Chapter 1050: Being with you, I’m happy no matter what we do.
Joanna Lawrence finally understood what was going on in his mind. She smiled and gently reached out a hand to hold his. "Ashton Heath, have you ever heard a saying?" 
"What saying?" 
Joanna gazed at him tenderly and said, word for word, "Being with someone you like, no matter what you do, everything is sweet and joyful. Even if the two of you do nothing, say nothing, just being together feels very fortunate." 
"I feel the same way right now." 
"Being with you, no matter what we do, I feel very happy." 
As she saw the man’s eyes light up bit by bit, her smile grew even warmer. "I never felt bored. I feel very happy, and I feel extremely happy right now. So, you don’t have to think about how to make me happy on purpose because you have already made me happy." 
Ashton Heath stared deeply into her eyes, his emotions surging: "Is this really what you think?" 
"Of course, do I look like I would lie?" Joanna blinked and showed Ashton a playful grin, playfully pinching his handsome face, "Mr. Ashton, please have more confidence in yourself. Do you really have no faith in your charm?" 
"Do you know that even if you do nothing, I could be happy just by looking at your face for an entire day?"
How important it is for a woman to have a good-looking husband! 
Even if Joanna’s mood was at rock bottom the second before, seeing the face of the handsome man in front of her made her feel cured. 
Her mood instantly improved a lot. 
Apparently, Ashton Heath himself didn’t realize how attractive his face was and how much it drew her in. 
If he had realized it, 
He wouldn’t have asked those questions earlier. 
After hearing her words, Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Really, you should have a clear understanding of your charm. Being with you, I am truly happy." 
After exchanging glances for a few seconds, Ashton gently lifted his mouth, his eyes brimming with joyous smiles, "Alright, I understand now. Let’s go have dinner first, then watch a movie. After the movie, if it’s not too late, we can go for a walk somewhere else." 
* 
At this very moment, 
In a private restaurant halfway up the mountain. 
Only one table was occupied in the restaurant. 
There were no lights in the restaurant, only lit candles. 
In the vase on each table, a bunch of fresh roses. 
The night wind blew in, and a faint rose fragrance permeated the entire restaurant. 
On the performance stage, a professional band played live music, with the melodious and gentle tunes lingering in the air. 
As the evening breeze blew lightly, 
A man and a woman sat facing each other by the window. The man was handsome and noble; the woman was young and beautiful, with both of them forming an attractive couple just by their looks. 
The waiter brought the freshly cooked steaks to the table: "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Aria, please enjoy." 
The waiter placed the steaks on the table. 
Brandon Heath looked at Aria Rowlett, who had been silent across from him, and a hint of confusion appeared in his eyes. He frowned slightly and asked, "Ms. Aria, why have you been quiet? Do you not like it here? Or is something not to your liking?" 
Didn’t Luke say that women would definitely like such dates? 
But why did he feel that Aria sitting across from him didn’t seem to like it very much?
###Chapter 1053: Chapter 1051: Where Did He Go Wrong?
Not only did she not like it, she even seemed a bit unhappy. 
Did he do something wrong somewhere? 
That was Brandon Heath’s personality. If he felt something was off, he would directly ask. 
So he just asked Aria Rowlett directly. 
Across the table, Aria raised her eyes and glanced at him. After nearly ten minutes of silence, she finally spoke: "No, everything is fine here. I don’t dislike it. But Mr. Ashton, can I ask you a question?" 
Brandon Heath heard that she didn’t dislike it and couldn’t help but feel relieved. He hooked his lips and smiled, "Please go ahead, Ms. Aria." 
Aria took a deep breath, looking at the man’s handsome face that made her heart race. After hesitating for a few seconds, she decided to ask, "Mr. Ashton, did you personally choose this place?" 
"And this... this candlelight dinner, was it your idea?" 
Brandon Heath was clearly taken aback but then answered truthfully, "Ms. Aria, if I say it wasn’t my idea, would you be angry?" 
As someone who had never been in a romantic relationship with zero dating experience, besides work-related matters, he was clueless about romance. 
But he wanted to give Aria a romantic date. 
After all, the two of them were about to become boyfriend and girlfriend. 
As her boyfriend, he had the responsibility and obligation to give his girlfriend a wonderful love experience. 
Since he was not good at romance, he had to ask for help from others. 
Luke was his most competent assistant. 
Moreover, he had been in several relationships before. 
He thought it was most appropriate to ask Luke for advice on dating matters. 
After all, Luke had experience and was a close person to him, so seeking advice from him wouldn’t be embarrassing. 
"It wasn’t your idea?" Aria was stunned, puzzled, "Who thought of it then?" 
Brandon Heath honestly replied, "My assistant came up with it. I’m sorry, Ms. Aria, that even when it comes to dating, I have to ask my own assistant for advice. Have I disappointed you?" 
Aria: "..." 
"Are you talking about Luke?" 
"Yes, it’s Luke." 
"Did he help you choose the restaurant?" 
"Yes." 
"And the candlelight dinner, was his idea?" 
"Yes." 
"And the roses, and the music band on stage..." 
"They were all his suggestions. I thought they were quite good, so I accepted them." Brandon Heath frowned at Aria, who had a look of hesitation on her face. It took him a while to seriously ask, "Ms. Aria, do you... not like this kind of date?" 
Even if Brandon Heath was slow in matters of the heart, he wasn’t so slow that he couldn’t tell whether a woman was happy or not. 
He didn’t know if Aria was unhappy. 
But he could feel that she probably didn’t like the current dating style. 
Aria was silent for a moment, looking up at Brandon Heath’s dark and clear eyes. She thought about it and then sighed softly, "Mr. Ashton, do you want the truth?" 
Brandon Heath nodded, "Of course, please speak your mind, Ms. Aria." 
"Alright." Aria also nodded. She pointed to the candle on the table and said, "Mr. Ashton, let me be frank. Maybe other girls like this kind of dating style and find it romantic, but personally, I don’t like it very much."
###Chapter 1054: Chapter 1052: Normal people would not choose such a place for a date
The entire restaurant was lit by candles. 
As the wind blew, the candlelight flickered, like shadows drifting across the room. 
Moreover, the traditional music being played by the band added to the atmosphere... 
Aria Rowlett didn’t feel a hint of romance at all, but instead was scared by the ghostly atmosphere, as if she’d entered a haunted house. 
To her eyes, the dim environment created by the candles was no different from that of a haunted house. 
Furthermore, the intense fragrance of roses in the air was too strong for her liking, to the point of being nauseating. 
In such an environment, she didn’t have much appetite for even the most delicious food. 
She thought it must be Luke’s deliberate doing! 
Because he had an issue with her, he intentionally suggested such a place to tease her! 
Where would any normal person choose such a place for a date? 
This restaurant was located halfway up the mountain in a remote area, and there were no other establishments nearby. 
Before even entering the restaurant, Aria had already started to feel creeped out. 
As a result, the moment she stepped in, she felt a sense of horror like walking into a haunted house, which she really didn’t want to relive. 
If it weren’t for her bravery, she would’ve run away on the spot. 
And that band playing on stage... 
Because of the poor lighting, the musicians on stage looked like ghosts... 
Aria believed that any normal girl would not like such a dating style. 
This was just too unusual! 
"Does Ms. Aria not like it?" Brandon Heath looked puzzled, his eyebrows furrowing as his face showed a worried expression. "Luke told me that girls would definitely like this kind of date, saying it’s very romantic." 
"I thought Ms. Aria would like this..." 
His deep and cool voice revealed a faint hint of disappointment. 
In his eyes, this was their first date. 
So he attached great importance to it. 
He thought his carefully arranged event would be to the other party’s liking, but it wasn’t. 
"Mr. Ashton, just choosing any restaurant would have been fine." Aria looked at the flickering candlelight all around the room, her lips twitching, "Can you ask someone to blow out these candles and turn on the lights instead? And can you remove the roses on the table? The scent of the flowers is too strong. It’s a bit suffocating." 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
"Mr. Ashton, is it possible?" Aria blinked her eyes and sat upright, waiting for his response. 
Brandon Heath pursed his lips in silence for a while, then called over a waiter: "Remove the candles and flowers, and turn on the lights." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
The waiter turned and was about to call someone to remove the candles and flowers when Brandon Heath looked at the band on stage and after some thought, stopped the waiter. 
He asked Aria, "Ms. Aria, do you also need the band to be removed?" 
Aria glanced at the disappointment in his eyes and wondered if it would be too much to ask for the band to be removed as well? 
After all, it was something Brandon Heath had put considerable effort into organizing. 
His intention was good. 
And it also reflected, from the side, that he valued this date. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have made so many preparations in advance. 
Blame that man Luke with his narrow-mindedness. 
He must not want Brandon Heath and her to be together, so he took the chance to sabotage their date. 
His intentions were truly insidious! 
"Let’s leave the band as is." Aria couldn’t bear to see Brandon Heath’s disappointed expression, probably because he looked so good and suited her aesthetic taste in every way. Facing such a man, she would easily have a weak heart.
###Chapter 1055: Chapter 1053: It Really Makes Her Heart Flutter
Brandon Heath nodded, "Alright, let’s not remove the band for now." 
The waiter quickly followed his instructions and removed all candles and roses from the table. 
Ten minutes later, the restaurant’s lighting returned to its usual state. With the dimness gone, the previously haunting atmosphere vanished as well. 
Aria Rowlett finally stopped feeling chills down her spine. 
Brandon Heath was constantly paying attention to her: "Does Ms. Aria feel better now?" 
"Yes, much better." Aria met his dark, cold eyes, and was electrified by his unwavering focus. For a moment, her heart beat irregularly again. 
The man’s gaze was intensely focused on her. 
It seemed as if there was only her in his eyes. 
This made her heart race. 
Just now, her heart had been uncontrollably beating out of rhythm. 
She had absolutely no immunity to a man like Brandon Heath. 
Even though her reason told her to stay away, she would lose all sense of reason in front of him. 
"That’s good." Brandon Heath picked up his knife and fork, gently cut the steak in front of him, and spoke gently, "Ms. Aria, you can try the steak here. It tastes great. You must be hungry, so let’s eat first and talk about other things later, alright?" 
"...Alright." The man’s voice was deep, gentle, and full of magnetism - the kind of low and resonating tone Aria loved the most. 
When he spoke softly and gently to her in such a caring manner, she really couldn’t resist. 
Aria’s stomach was also hungry. 
She also thought she should fill her belly first and talk about other things later. 
After all, there was no rush. 
Considering this was their first and last date, and they should not see each other again after this, Aria did not want this date to end too quickly. 
Since it was their last meeting. 
She wanted to spend more time with this man tonight. 
After all, if she wanted to see him again, it might only be in various news reports. 
As Aria picked up her knife and fork, Brandon Heath took the cut steak and placed it in front of her. 
He took her uncut steak away. 
Aria looked at him in surprise: "Mr. Ashton, what are you...?" 
"Ms. Aria, this is the first time I’ve ever done something like this for a lady. Luke said that when a man does this, a woman will feel he is very considerate. Don’t you like me doing this?" Maybe because of the previous incident, Brandon Heath now had doubts about Luke’s advice. He saw Aria not showing much appreciation and thought she might not like him doing this. 
"Not at all." Aria immediately shook her head, "It is indeed very considerate. So Luke taught you this as well?" 
"Yes." Finally, one thing was approved by her. A faint smile appeared on Brandon Heath’s face, and the atmosphere between them seemed to lighten up. "I’m sorry I had to consult others even for our first date." 
"I haven’t dated any girls before, so I’m not very good at these things. This is our first date, and it has a different meaning for both of us. So, I wanted to give you a wonderful experience. But it seems like I failed." 
After saying this, Brandon Heath sighed. 
Aria’s heart raced again, pounding even harder. 
It was because of Brandon’s words - "it has a different meaning."
###Chapter 1056: Chapter 1054: This man, Brandon Heath...
He certainly didn’t know how fast her heartbeat was when he said that. 
He hadn’t failed at all. 
She was already being flirted by him so much that her heart was racing, her head was a little dizzy, and she couldn’t think straight. 
"It seems like I’ve given Ms. Aria a very unpleasant experience." The man said with a hint of disappointment in his eyes. 
"No, I didn’t think it was bad at all. I think it was quite, quite good!" Aria Rowlett could hardly bear to see him so disappointed, and all she wanted to do was hold his hand and say those words. 
Brandon Heath was startled and looked at her, "Ms. Aria didn’t think it was bad? But just now you..." 
"I just don’t like the dim lighting. Now that the lights are on, I think this place is still very nice."Aria tried to search her mind for what to say, "The air up here on halfway up the mountain is quite good, and the environment is very quiet." 
After saying it, she felt like she was just talking nonsense. 
Could the air be bad in the suburbs? 
He had booked the entire restaurant, and except for the waitstaff, they were the only customers, so of course, it would be quiet. 
Fortunately, Brandon seemed to be in a good mood after hearing her words, and his lips curved slightly, "Does Ms. Aria really think so?" 
"Of course!" Aria couldn’t bear to see the handsome man disappointed, nodding and saying, "Anyway, I think it’s great!" 
"That’s good." Brandon believed her words, thinking that she was genuinely satisfied, and his tone relaxed quite a bit, "As long as Ms. Aria is satisfied, I can rest assured. I have made other arrangements for our date, and I hope Aria can be satisfied too." 
Aria’s lips tensed for a moment. 
Thinking of his previous suggestion to go up the mountain to watch the stars, she was a little scared, "Mr. Ashton has other arrangements? Can I know how Mr. Ashton arranged it?" 
"There’s no rush." Brandon smiled, "I’m sorry, but I want to give Ms. Aria a surprise, so I can’t tell you for now." 
Aria: "..." 
Why did she have a bad feeling about this, 
She felt that what was waiting for her was not a surprise but a shock. 
She couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. Ashton, did Luke help you prepare that surprise too?" 
"Yes." Brandon nodded, "A lot of things tonight were prepared by Luke. Ms. Aria, I know you may not like me letting others prepare these things, and it might make you feel that I don’t pay enough attention to our date and don’t do it myself." 
"In the future, I will try to do these things myself. However, you have to give me some time, let me learn how to date a girl properly first." 
The man looked at her frankly, "At present, I have no experience in this regard. But I will learn for Ms. Aria." 
With a "thump," Aria felt her heart beat violently again. 
She felt like she couldn’t hold on much longer. 
Mom. 
This man, Brandon Heath... 
Had he really never been in a relationship with a woman? 
Then why was his mouth so good at talking, and he could say a whole set of flirtatious words? 
Did he learn all these words from Luke too? 
"Ms. Aria, what’s wrong? Did I say something wrong?" Seeing her staring blankly at him and not speaking, Brandon’s brow furrowed slightly as he began to reflect on whether he had said something he shouldn’t have, making her unhappy. 
In Brandon’s eyes, Aria was a full decade younger than him and was still a little girl.
###Chapter 1057: Chapter 1055: It Will Make Her Lose Her Normal Thinking Ability
A little girl who made him couldn’t help but want to take good care of her and pamper her. 
At work, he usually dealt with mature women around his age, and most of their conversations were about work. 
He really didn’t know how to get along with a young girl like Aria Rowlett. 
And because she was much younger than him, he felt that it was okay to accommodate her a bit more. 
She’s just a young girl. 
When he was ten years old, she was just born. 
To treat a young girl who is so much younger than him, he was willing to accommodate her and be more patient with her. 
These were all things he should do. 
Aria Rowlett’s face was flushed and her heart raced from his earlier words. Blushing, she glanced at him and her heartbeat quickened, "No, no. Mr. Ashton, it’s not your fault. You didn’t say anything wrong." 
He didn’t say anything wrong. 
He just said some alluring words. 
The words made her little heart tremble non-stop and she was a bit afraid to look him in the eyes. 
Every time she looked at him, her heartbeat quickened even more. 
Her face grew hotter. 
Her whole being felt somewhat dizzy, as if she were drunk. 
Ms. Aria, what’s the matter with you?" Brandon Heath looked at Aria Rowlett’s reaction and expression, puzzled. 
She didn’t seem quite right. 
She wouldn’t even glance at him. 
Was she really mad at him? 
"Ahem, Mr. Ashton, let’s eat something now," Aria Rowlett touched her increasingly hot face, picked up the knife and fork on the table, and buried her head to swallow a piece of steak. She kept her head down low to hide her inner panic. 
She couldn’t look at Brandon Heath anymore. 
She had no immunity or resistance against his face. 
As soon as her eyes fell on his handsome and noble face, her mind would go blank, and then she would be unable to think, and then she would feel dizzy, and then she would not know what she was supposed to do. 
This man made her lose her ability to think normally. 
No wonder there is a saying "beauty brings disaster." 
These four words also applied to men. 
It turned out that in the face of extreme beauty, people really do become stupid and silly, losing their ability to think normally. 
"Alright, let’s eat first." Brandon called over a waiter to open the red wine on the table and poured a glass for Aria Rowlett. He gently placed it on her table, "Ms. Aria, have another taste of this red wine. It pairs perfectly with the steak. Together, it’s a surprisingly delicious taste." 
Aria Rowlett swallowed a piece of steak and followed his suggestion, taking a sip of the red wine. 
Brandon Heath smiled and asked, "How is it?" 
"Hmm, it’s quite good," Aria Rowlett was just going to taste the red wine, but after one sip, she couldn’t help but have some more. 
The red wine had a rich and mellow taste. 
She didn’t know much about red wine, but she could taste that this was a very high-quality red wine. 
The steak was grilled very tender, with a melting-in-your-mouth texture. Paired with a sip of red wine, it was a unique and delicious taste. 
Aria Rowlett enjoyed each bite of steak and sip of wine. 
She drank the wine quickly. 
So quickly that a surprised look appeared on Brandon Heath’s face. 
"Can I have another glass?" 
Soon, Aria Rowlett finished the red wine in her glass. She held the empty glass in front of Brandon Heath and gently shook it. 
Brandon Heath hesitated for a moment, then poured her another glass.
###Chapter 1058: Chapter 1056: Unconscious Flirting
Aria Rowlett took another sip immediately, squinting as she smiled and said, "Mr. Ashton, the red wine here is really good. Is this bottle of wine very expensive? Have you ever seen someone drink as quickly as me?" 
She had already finished her glass of wine.
However, more than half remained in Brandon Heath’s glass. 
She heard that good wine needs to be savored slowly, perhaps she was drinking too fast. 
Brandon Heath paused, then shook his head and chuckled: "Ms. Aria is really candid. There’s nothing wrong with that. Whether the wine is expensive or not is not important, what matters is whether you like it or not. If Ms. Aria likes it, it would be fine even if the wine costs a thousand gold coins." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Damn it. 
Her heartbeat suddenly sped up again. 
She now seriously doubted, had Brandon Heath really never been in a relationship? 
It didn’t seem like it to her. 
Why would a man who had never been in a relationship be so adept at flirting? 
What’s this about it being fine even if the wine cost a thousand gold coins... 
That was too tempting. 
Could this be said by a man who had no experience in love? 
More importantly, it rolled off his tongue so smoothly and naturally. 
He was saying such sweet and charming words with such a serious look on his face, the contrast between the two made her wonder if she was overthinking things. 
He was not flirting with her at all. 
It was just that she felt she was being flirted with. 
Perhaps he didn’t even realize that what he was saying was flirtatious? 
What would you call that? 
Unconscious flirting? 
Even if Brandon Heath was unintentionally flirting, and not really flirting with her, Aria Rowlett had definitely felt it. 
The heart that had just calmed down for a bit started pounding again. 
Her heart was uncontrollably flustered. 
"Ms. Aria, you should not drink too much," seeing a blush spread across her face, Brandon Heath assumed it was due to the wine, naturally, he was a little worried, "Although the degree of red wine is not high, it can still make you drunk. This bottle of wine has been stored for quite some time, it’s very easy to get drunk." 
"Ms. Aria, you should not drink anymore after this glass." 
"It’s alright," Aria Rowlett touched her burning cheeks, quickly shot him a look, her face heated up again, hurriedly lowering her head, "I won’t get drunk from red wine, it’s just two glasses, and I can drink a whole bottle." 
"This amount of alcohol is nothing to me." 
Brandon Heath slightly furrowed his brow: "Anyway, you should not drink too much." 
Aria Rowlett stuffed a piece of steak into her mouth, chewed, and after swallowing, looked at him, made a joke to hide her anxiousness: "Mr. Ashton, are you afraid that I can drink too much and will finish off your expensive bottle of wine?" 
Brandon Heath was taken aback: "How can that be?" 
"So, how much I want to drink doesn’t matter?" 
"Of course, it doesn’t, but..." 
"Then, Mr. Ashton, don’t mind how much I drink. Besides, even if I get drunk, you’re still here, right?" Seeing his consistently serious and restrained style, Aria Rowlett suddenly had the urge to tease him. 
She didn’t know if it was due to the alcohol from the glass of red wine she just consumed. 
Aria Rowlett suddenly became much bolder. 
She, who initially didn’t dare to lock gazes with him, fixed her eyes on him and teased lightly: "After all, Mr. Ashton is a gentleman. I do not worry about getting drunk while with you. I believe that even if I get drunk, Mr. Ashton will continue to act like a gentleman and won’t do anything inappropriate to me, right?"
###Chapter 1059: Chapter 1057: He Took Advantage of the Situation That Night
Brandon Heath’s action stiffened as he held the wine glass. 
For a few seconds, he looked at Aria Rowlett, his face expressing bewilderment, "Ms. Aria, you..." 
"I trust you, Mr. Ashton." Aria gently swirled the wine in her glass and flashed him an enticing smile, "If I get drunk, could you please take me home? After all, you have done so once before, you know where I live." 
Brandon was looking at the smiling young woman across from him. His grip tightened around the wine glass, he appeared calm but his heartbeat had quickened for a few seconds. 
Did she see him as a gentleman? 
Did she feel safe when she was with him? 
Had she ever considered that he might not exactly be a gentleman? 
If he were a gentleman, he wouldn’t have touched her that night. 
Although the situation had been beyond his control and he hadn’t been in a normal state, only he knew if he had completely lost his senses, or consciously left control in the heat of the moment. 
He thought about that night afterward. 
What would he have done if the woman he encountered that night had not been her? 
If he had met the woman that his rivals had intended for him, would he have let go of all restraint? 
He knew the answer deep inside. 
If it hadn’t been her that night, many things wouldn’t have happened. 
Even though he had been drugged, he still wasn’t on the edge of endurance. If he had wanted to, he could have held on and gone to the hospital. 
So why didn’t he go to the hospital then? 
He wasn’t...the perfect gentleman she perceived him to be. 
That night, he had acted like a scoundrel. 
He took advantage of someone’s vulnerability. 
She was exactly his type. 
So, when she had stumbled into his arms, he hadn’t pushed her away but had instead held her close. 
One thing led to another quite naturally thereafter. 
"Do you trust me that much?" Brandon Heath moistened his lips and fell silent for a while, his gaze on Aria was a mix of complicated emotions. 
"Yes." Aria took another sip of her red wine, resting her chin on one hand, her eyes half-closed as she looked at him and cheerfully remarked, "Mr. Ashton, you’re a gentleman, I feel very safe with you." 
Brandon Heath looked at her, hesitated, and ventured in a low voice, "What if I say, I’m not a gentleman, Ms. Aria, what would you think?" 
"Huh?" Aria was perplexed, "Mr. Ashton, are you..." 
"Ms. Aria, we have only met twice, you don’t really know me. If you perceive me as a gentleman based on two encounters, someday, Ms. Aria, you may be disappointed," Brandon Heath stated earnestly. 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Brandon Heath paused before asking, "Ms. Aria, have you ever heard a proverb?" 
Aria Rowlett: "What?" 
Brandon Heath: "Men find it hard to maintain the image of a gentleman in front of the woman they like. If a man is a perfect gentleman in your presence, it only means he doesn’t like you enough." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
"So, I don’t want to be the eternally perfect gentleman in your eyes." 
"..." 
Aria hadn’t expected that her attempt to tease him would end up in him playfully seducing her instead. 
"Mr. Ashton, can I ask you a question? Can you answer it honestly?" She really didn’t believe that he had never been in love before!
###Chapter 1060: Chapter 1058: Have my words gained your favor?
She didn’t believe that those words could have come from his own thoughts. 
Either someone was coaching him from behind the scenes, or he was lying to her when he said he had never been in a relationship before. 
"Of course, please ask away, Ms. Aria. I will answer truthfully." 
"Mr. Ashton, were those words you said earlier also taught by Luke?" If that were the case, then Luke must be quite the expert in flirting. 
"No." Brandon Heath looked at her and answered seriously, "The date tonight was planned by Luke, but every conversation I had with Ms. Aria was my own idea, unrelated to anyone else." 
"Really?" Aria Rowlett didn’t quite believe it, "But didn’t Mr. Ashton say that he’s never been in a relationship?" 
"Yeah, is there a problem?" Brandon Heath asked, puzzled. 
Aria Rowlett: "...Mr. Ashton, you don’t seem like someone who’s never been in a relationship." 
Brandon Heath became even more puzzled: "Why would Ms. Aria think that? I have never deceived Ms. Aria. Before you, I have never privately dated any other woman. If Ms. Aria doesn’t believe me..." 
"Alright, alright, I believe you." Aria Rowlett also felt that he couldn’t possibly be lying. How could a man like Brandon Heath ever lie to a woman? 
It just wasn’t something he would do. 
She just thought he was quite good at flirting. 
He doesn’t seem like a man without any emotional experience, but rather like a love expert. 
"Ms. Aria, why do you think I deceived you?" Clearly, Brandon Heath was quite persistent on this matter and insisted on knowing the answer, "Did I do something wrong that made Ms. Aria have this kind of thought?" 
"No..." 
"Ms. Aria, you can tell me directly if I did something wrong." Brandon Heath said seriously, "I know I still have a lot to learn, but Ms. Aria needs to tell me what I did wrong for me to know how to correct it." 
"Mr. Ashton, you really didn’t do anything wrong. I just feel that you don’t seem like someone who’s never been in a relationship." 
"Why?" Brandon Heath was confused, "What about me doesn’t look like it?" 
Aria Rowlett took a deep breath: "Mr. Ashton, don’t you know how enticing the words you say are? Those words... don’t seem like something a man who’s never been in a relationship would say." 
"Your words only make others think that you are very experienced emotionally." 
Brandon Heath frowned: "Why?" 
Aria Rowlett: "Only men with a lot of emotional experience are good at flirting." 
"Flirting?" Brandon Heath’s brow furrowed, his eyes full of confusion, "What does that mean?" 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Was he serious? 
"Mr. Ashton, you don’t know what flirting means?" 
Brandon Heath shook his head, his face displaying a humble expression of seeking knowledge: "Could Ms. Aria explain it to me? What is flirting?" 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Were they living in the same era? 
He of this age actually didn’t know the meaning of "flirting." 
Looking at the man’s humble expression, she remained silent for a moment, then touched her forehead and said, "Mr. Ashton, ’flirting’ means that you are good at winning girls’ hearts and know how to say things that would make them swoon." 
Brandon Heath understood now. He looked intently at Aria Rowlett and asked earnestly, "So, when Ms. Aria said that I am good at flirting, does that mean I have already won your heart and made you happy? Did those words of mine win your favor?"
###Chapter 1061: Chapter 1059: Obviously in a Drunk State
Aria Rowlett thought for a moment and nodded, "Mhm." 
If she hadn’t been pleased by him, her heart wouldn’t have been beating so irregularly all those times. 
A light smile filled Brandon Heath’s eyes, and the corners of his lips curved up in delight, "As long as I can please Ms. Aria, that’s all that matters. If Ms. Aria likes to hear me say these things, then I’ll say them to you more often." 
Aria’s hand holding the knife and fork trembled again. 
Dammit. 
Here it comes again, here it comes again... 
This man is flirting with her again. 
He probably doesn’t even know how flirtatious his words are. 
She really believes that he’s unintentionally flirting now. 
"Ms. Aria, what’s wrong?" Seeing her staring dumbly at him without saying a word, Brandon Heath raised his eyebrows slightly, "Did I say something wrong?" 
Aria Rowlett: "... No." 
One by one, the waiter brought the other dishes to the table. 
This was a very high-end private restaurant, situated halfway up the mountain on the outskirts of Closia, but it had never lacked customers. 
The comings and goings were all prominent figures in Closia. 
Such a place, of course, had only Master-level chefs. 
The dishes they made were also exceptionally delicious. 
Outside the window, the wind blew in, carrying a faint scent of flowers. 
Leaving aside the weird atmosphere at the beginning, everything else made Aria Rowlett feel very comfortable. 
The food was delicious, and the red wine was excellent. 
The music was also very pleasant to listen to. 
The restaurant’s ambiance was also very good. 
By the end of it, Aria Rowlett had eaten quite a bit and drank quite a lot. 
When dinner was over, the aftereffects of the red wine gradually began to emerge. 
Despite her earlier claims, Aria Rowlett, who said she could drink a bottle of red wine without getting drunk, began feeling dizzy and her face flushed. 
Seeing her looking unwell, Brandon Heath asked worriedly, "Ms. Aria, are you all right?" 
He had never expected Aria Rowlett to be such a heavy drinker. 
She must have finished more than half of the entire bottle of red wine. 
That red wine had a strong aftertaste, so he never dared to drink too much. 
Aria Rowlett pressed her hand against her temples, rubbed them for a moment, then slowly raised her head with a slightly dazed look in her eyes, "I’m fine. Just give me a moment to recover." 
She was just feeling a little dizzy. 
A bit more rest, and she would be just fine. 
So Brandon Heath could only sit with her for a few minutes before asking her every couple of minutes, "Ms. Aria, are you feeling all right? Are you drunk? Do you need me to get someone to give you something to sober up?" 
"I’m not drunk." Aria Rowlett felt her head getting dizzier and dizzier, and she glared at Brandon Heath, her face filled with discontent, "How could I possibly be drunk? I can drink another bottle, just you watch." 
Her cheeks were flushed, and her eyes had clearly become hazy. 
From just a glance, one could tell she was in a drunken state. 
But a drunk person always liked to claim they were not drunk. 
Whoever said she was drunk would become the target of her anger. 
Aria Rowlett was in that state right now. 
"Brandon Heath, I’m telling you, I’m really not drunk!" She rubbed her aching temples, extremely displeased as she yelled at the man across from her, "I only drank a little. How could I be drunk?" 
"I’m not drunk, I’m really not drunk." 
"I can still drink more. If you don’t believe me, let’s have another bottle." 
Brandon Heath pressed his lips together, his eyebrows furrowing slightly. 
Not drunk yet? 
When she was sober, she called him Mr. Ashton. 
Now she was calling him by his full name. 
This was clearly a sign that she was already drunk. 
Brandon Heath couldn’t help but feel a little guilty. 
If he had known she had such a low alcohol tolerance, he wouldn’t have believed her when she said she could drink a whole bottle and let her drink so much.
###Chapter 1062: Chapter 1060: Getting Used to His Girlfriend’s Closeness
"Ms. Aria, you’re drunk." Brandon Heath sighed softly, his eyes filled with self-blame. "It’s all my fault for not stopping you, letting you drink so much. Are you feeling uncomfortable now? Let me take you home to rest, okay?" 
"I’m not drunk!" 
Aria Rowlett slapped the table with a loud "pop," swaying as she stood up. She bit her lip and glared at him. "Who said I’m drunk? It was just a little bit of alcohol. How could I possibly be drunk? Go home? I don’t want to go home right now. I don’t want to go home." 
Brandon Heath was now absolutely certain that she was indeed drunk. 
And quite severely so. 
Hearing that she didn’t want to go home, he asked patiently, "Don’t want to go home? Then where do you want to go?" 
Aria tilted her head, thought for a moment, and showed him a bright smile mixed with cheeky playfulness. She blinked her eyes and said, "Brandon, didn’t you say you’d give me a surprise? What’s the surprise you prepared for me? Can I know now?" 
Brandon Heath: "...You still remember that?" 
Aria Rowlett: "Of course I remember. How could I possibly forget something like that? What’s the surprise you prepared for me, Brandon? Tell me, what did you prepare?" 
It was true that Brandon had prepared a surprise for her. 
The original plan was for him to take her to see it after dinner. 
But considering her current state...
He furrowed his brows, got up, and walked over to her. "Ms. Aria, can we look at the surprise another day? On our next date, I’ll take you to see it. For now, let me take you home." 
"I don’t want to go home." 
No sooner had Brandon reached Aria’s side than she grabbed his arm tightly. 
He was taken aback, his body stiffening for a few seconds. 
"Brandon Heath, I don’t want to go home." Aria was truly drunk, her alcohol-drenched brain devoid of reason. She had completely forgotten the reason for her presence tonight. 
Her hazy, drunken eyes stared at the man beside her, slowly moving from his deep gaze, inch by inch, sliding down his prominent nose to his sexy, thin lips. Continuing downward, there was a perfect jawline and an alluring Adam’s apple. 
Perhaps it was because of the heat. 
The man had unbuttoned a few buttons on his dress shirt. 
Aria caught a glimpse of faintly visible muscles on his slightly exposed chest. 
Although only a little was revealed, she could see that his muscle lines were smooth and firm. 
Obviously the result of long-term exercise. 
Considering his constant workaholism, Aria couldn’t imagine that a man like him could find any leisure time to work out. 
"Ms. Aria, you need to go home and get some rest now." After a few seconds, Brandon Heath’s stiff body slowly returned to normal. He began trying to accept the girl’s closeness and her intimate contact. 
In the future, they would be boyfriend and girlfriend. 
He had to get used to his girlfriend being close to him. 
After getting drunk, Aria felt weightless, as if her feet were not touching the ground. 
As soon as she got close to Brandon, her body softened and leaned against him. The hand that held his arm gripped him tightly. Her voice, slurred from intoxication, sounded much more delicate and tender than usual. "But, I don’t want to go home right now. You’re so annoying. I’ve already said I don’t want to go home, and you’re still insisting that I do. Brandon Heath, is it that you really don’t want to be with me?" 
"No." As the girl got closer, her scent drifted over as well, wafting into Brandon’s nose, stirring the calm lake of his heart.
###Chapter 1063: Chapter 1061: You’re Really Good-looking
Despite their night together. 
He still wasn’t fully used to being close to the opposite sex. 
The girl next to him leaned her entire weight on him. 
Brandon Heath had to extend his arm to hold her, lest she lose her balance and fall to the ground. 
As such, their physical contact increased even more. 
Aria Rowlett leaned on him, and gently shook his arm while holding onto it. Her voice was soft and coquettish, "Brandon Heath, I feel so dizzy." 
Brandon’s body tensed, not daring to move at all. His voice was equally taut: "Ms. Aria, you’re drunk. Let me take you home to rest, and you won’t feel so bad." 
"But I don’t want to go home." 
Aria bit the corner of her lip, looking up at him with flushed cheeks and a hazy gaze, "Brandon Heath, can you take me to the mountain to get some fresh air? Didn’t you say you’d take me to the mountain to stargaze? Can we go now?" 
"It’s been so long since I last saw the stars." 
"I’m sure the stars tonight are especially beautiful." 
Brandon was taken aback, "You want to go to the mountain to watch the stars?" 
She actually remembered that event. 
"Is that not allowed?" Aria felt her head getting dizzier and dizzier and her whole body weaker, unable to exert any strength. 
She pressed one hand against one of her temples, her face scrunched up in pain and muttered, "I feel dizzy and terrible. I want to go to the mountain for some fresh air and to see the stars. Brandon Heath, please take me there." 
"Why won’t you pay attention to me? Didn’t you say you’d cheer me up?" 
The soft body of the girl pressed against him, her sweet voice echoing in his ear as her hand reached out to touch his face. 
Her tender and delicate fingers felt like a brush, gently tracing his face’s contours. Her eyes half-opened with a hazy, infatuated look that fell upon his handsome, noble face. As she gazed, a hint of obsession emerged from her eyes. 
"Brandon Heath, you’re so good-looking." 
Aria’s fingers traced the man’s high, chiseled nose bridge and slowly moved down, gently pressing on his moist, soft thin lips. 
Brandon’s face changed instantly, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he spoke in a slightly hoarse voice, "Ms. Aria ..." 
The man’s lips were thin but plump. 
They felt great to touch. 
Aria eyed his glistening, moist lips and emboldened by alcohol, she licked her own lips and tiptoed closer to him, whispering softly, "Brandon Heath, I want to kiss you." 
His lips looked watery and QQ, surely they would feel great to kiss. 
At first, Brandon didn’t quite catch on. 
As she moved closer and he heard the words she murmured, his face immediately changed. 
Brandon felt his face burning up, his heart rate accelerating, and he panicked, "Ms. Aria, you’re drunk, I’ll take you home right away." 
Aria’s lips were already very close to his. 
Close enough that her breath sprayed at the edge of his lips. 
The warm and moist breaths, mixed with a faint scent of alcohol, disrupted Brandon’s heart and caused the usually stoic man to panic instantly. 
He had never been as flustered as he was at this moment. 
At almost thirty years old, he was thrown into disarray by a nineteen-year-old girl’s flirtatious teasing. 
A drunk girl at that.
###Chapter 1064: Chapter 1062: There’s Nothing She Dares Not to Do Now
Brandon Heath had to reach out to support her, lest she lose her balance and fall to the ground. 
As a result, the girl beside him leaned all her weight against him. 
Aria Rowlett took the opportunity to lean against him, gently shaking his arm and said softly, "Brandon, my head is spinning." 
Brandon’s body tensed up, hardly daring to move. His voice was tense as well, "Ms. Aria, you’re drunk. Let me take you home and get some rest, and you won’t feel this awful." 
"But I don’t want to go home right now." 
Aria bit her lip, looked up at him with her cheeks flushed and eyes blurry, "Brandon, I want to go up the mountain and feel the breeze. Can you take me there? Didn’t you say you’d take me to see the stars on the mountain? Can we go now?" 
"It’s been so long since I’ve seen the stars." 
"The stars tonight must be especially beautiful." 
Brandon was taken aback, "You want to go up the mountain to see stars?" 
She actually remembered that. 
"Is it not allowed?" Aria felt her head getting dizzier, and she was starting to feel really uncomfortable, her whole body weak and without any strength. 
She pressed one hand to her temples, her face scrunched up in pain, "My head is spinning, I feel terrible. I want to go up the mountain and feel the breeze, I want to see the stars. Come on, Brandon, take me there." 
"Why are you ignoring me? Didn’t you say you’d cheer me up?" 
The girl’s soft body pressed against him, her tender voice echoing in his ear, her hand reaching up to his face. 
Her pale, gentle fingers traced the outline of his face like a brush, her eyes half-open, her lost gaze lingering on his handsome features. As she stared, a hint of infatuation emerged in her eyes. 
"Brandon, you’re so good-looking." 
Aria’s fingers slid down the man’s prominent, well-defined nose, moving lower by the moment. 
Brandon’s face suddenly changed, "Ms. Aria, you’re drunk. I’ll take you home right now." 
The girl beside him exuded a faint scent of alcohol and sweetness, disturbing his heart, making him who usually hid his emotions and faced any situation calmly, become instantly flustered. 
He had never been as panicked as he was now. 
Approaching his thirties, he was flustered in front of a nineteen-year-old girl. 
His heart raced faster and faster, watching her beautiful face get closer and closer, he stretched out his hand in a panic and pushed her, "Ms. Aria, you’re really drunk." 
Aria seemed weak, unable to stand steadily. 
With just one push from Brandon, she stumbled backward, her body swaying, nearly falling to the ground. 
Seeing this, Brandon quickly pulled her back. 
Aria let herself fall into his embrace, wrapping her arms around his waist. 
Brandon immediately froze. 
His body stiffened, he looked down at the girl in his arms, both helpless and at a loss. One hand in mid-air, unsure whether to put it down or not. 
As for the girl in his arms, he had no idea what to do with her. 
Pushing her away wouldn’t work. 
Not pushing her away also wouldn’t work... 
Brandon’s body remained stiff, unmoving. 
After a moment, he took a deep breath, pried the girl’s arms from his waist, and forcibly led her outside, regardless of her willingness, "Ms. Aria, I’m taking you home." 
"I don’t want to go home." As soon as Aria heard him say home, she began to struggle like a child, crying, "Brandon, I don’t want to go home. I want to go up the mountain to see stars." 
"We can see the stars another day." Brandon clenched his lips. At this moment, all he wanted was to get the annoying girl beside him home. 
If he had known that she would be like this when drunk, he wouldn’t have let her drink in the first place. 
The only good thing was that she was with him right now. 
If it were another man... 
Thinking that she would do the same things to another man, Brandon felt a strange sense of suffocation. 
It felt uncomfortable. 
"No, I want to see them now." At this point, Aria, already so drunk that she had lost most of her awareness, dared to say and do things she normally wouldn’t.
###Chapter 1065: Chapter 1063: Call me Baby!
"Brandon Heath, you stingy man. I want to kiss you, and you won’t let me. You said you want to be my boyfriend, but you won’t even let me kiss you. I don’t want you as my boyfriend!" 
Brandon Heath’s pace quickened, half-holding and half-hugging her as they walked out. 
Upon hearing her words, he stumbled, nearly causing both of them to fall to the ground. 
As he stopped, Aria Rowlett immediately clung to him, reaching around his waist and rubbing against him. "Brandon, don’t be stingy. Can I please have a kiss? Just one!" 
As she spoke, she extended her index finger and demonstrated, "Really! I promise it’s just one!" 
Brandon Heath’s expression stiffened. 
Approaching thirty, and here he was, blushing at the flirtations of a nineteen-year-old girl. 
A touch of red crossed the cold, proud man’s face. There were other waitstaff in the restaurant, and Aria spoke quite loudly; everyone might well have heard her words. 
He felt both embarrassed and helpless. 
Had it been any other woman, he would have pushed her away and let his subordinates handle it. 
But this girl beside him was different. 
She was his first woman. 
And soon, she would become his girlfriend. 
Their relationship was quickly turning romantic. 
So, naturally, he couldn’t treat her the same way he did others. 
It was perfectly normal for a girl to be affectionate with her boyfriend. 
It meant she liked him. 
He should be happy. 
It was just that he wasn’t used to being intimate with her in public, especially not when other people were watching. 
"Ms. Aria, please don’t cause a scene..." 
"And you still call me Ms. Aria!" Aria stared at him discontentedly, her cheeks deepening in color, and muttered with a sultry gaze, "I’m your girlfriend, and you still call me so formally."
Brandon Heath hesitated, then asked seriously, "What should I call you then?" 
He felt that if they were indeed boyfriend and girlfriend, their addresses needed some adjustments. 
Continuing to call her Ms. Aria felt too distant. 
Aria Rowlett: "Call me Baby!" 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
"Is there anything else to call?" 
Aria laughed: "Then call me Baby, darling, sweetie, honey... " 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
The restaurant staff sneaked glances at the couple. All those who had witnessed Aria demanding a kiss from Brandon Heath were dumbfounded and utterly speechless. 
If not for seeing it for themselves- 
Who would believe that a man like Brandon Heath, so severe and full of restraint, could be teased by a young girl? 
And even blush as a result. 
This would be big news if it got out. 
Unfortunately, nobody had the guts. 
Nobody dared to risk offending Brandon Heath by spreading the story about what just happened. 
As for the girl who had left Brandon Heath so flustered, they were not only in awe but also curious about her background. 
The girl appeared very young, with the air of a student. 
Both her appearance and figure were excellent, as beautiful as a star. 
Her clothes and dress did not resemble those of a wealthy young lady. 
Yet, Brandon Heath’s attitude towards her was different. From the various intimate interactions between them, they seemed like boyfriend and girlfriend just beginning to date. 
If this was true, it would be explosive news. 
As the most likely candidate for the next president, Brandon Heath’s personal life had always been in the spotlight.
###Chapter 1066: Chapter 1064: Wait until we get back... I’ll let you kiss.
Coming from the distinguished Heath family, being superior from a young age, both physically and intellectually handpicked from thousands, he is a man who is nearly perfect no matter how one views it. 
This kind of man, is the one countless women dream of. 
How many women fantasize about marrying him, becoming his wife. 
Yet, no one has ever seen him with another woman besides his working partners. 
Nobody has heard about him having a flirtatious relationship with any woman either. 
He is soon to be thirty years old. 
A man standing on his own at the age of thirty. 
It’s an age considered suitable for settling down and establishing a career. 
Therefore, it can be said that Brandon Heath’s personal affairs are the focus of public attention at all times. 
If it gets out that he has a girlfriend, it would certainly create quite a stir. 
But similarly, even if they knew about this sensational news, no one would dare to expose it. 
Unless Brandon Heath himself makes it public. 
"Ms. Aria, you..." Brandon Heath seemed a bit of a headache.
He had never expected Aria Rowlett to be like this when drunk. 
Completely unlike her sober self. 
As if she turned into a completely different person. 
He really doesn’t know how to handle her now. 
"Call me Baby!" Aria Rowlett glared at him dissatisfiedly and corrected him word by word, "We are already boyfriend-girlfriend! You are not allowed to call me Ms. Aria anymore. From now on, call me Baby!" 
"Ba....." Brandon Heath opened his mouth, unable to utter the name. 
Continuing to call her Ms. Aria doesn’t seem right, yet he truly couldn’t say Baby. 
After some thought, he addressed her finally, "Aria." 
Aria frowned slightly, discontentedly said, "I want to hear you call me Baby! Brandon Heath, you don’t even want to kiss me, and won’t call me Baby. I don’t like you anymore! I won’t be your girlfriend anymore!" 
At this moment, Brandon Heath was utterly bewildered, "Aria, please listen to me. Let’s go home first..." 
"So does that mean when we get back, you will give me a kiss, and call me Baby?" 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
"If you won’t kiss me or call me Baby, then I won’t go back!" 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
Aria was feeling increasingly hot, her stomach also feeling queasy. She leaned weakly onto Brandon Heath, whispering in a somewhat pitiful voice, "Brandon Heath, I feel so uncomfortable. My head is so dizzy, and it hurts so much..." 
"That’s because you’re drunk. That is why I am taking you home right now." 
"I don’t want to go home, you won’t even give me a kiss." 
"..." 
Realizing that if he didn’t agree with her today, the dilemma won’t get resolved. Brandon Heath fell silent for a while, and finally, he sighed helplessly. 
He gave up resisting. 
No matter what, he had to coax her to go home first. 
He was afraid that if he didn’t take her away now, she might do something even more outrageous in public. 
Brandon Heath dared not think about what else she might do. 
"Okay, when we get back...I’ll let you kiss." The last few words were particularly difficult for him to say, after he said them, he felt his face burning up intensely. 
He couldn’t even believe that he would say something like this to a woman. 
"Really?" Aria cheer up instantly, even her headache and discomfort seemed to have lessened a lot. She gazed adoringly at his handsome face, and then her gaze moved to his sexy, well-shaped thin lips. 
Her gaze was piercing, not hiding her craving for him at all. Under her stare, Brandon Heath felt his heartbeat becoming irregular once again.
###Chapter 1067: Chapter 1065: Introducing me to Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family?
Brandon Heath took a deep breath and looked away, "Hmm." 
"Okay, then let’s go back." Aria Rowlett finally loosened up, thinking that she could kiss this handsome guy she had been longing to kiss once they returned, she was extremely cooperative, "Brandon Heath, then, let’s go back quickly." 
"We will be back soon." 
"You said so, once we return, I can kiss you, you can’t lie to me!" 
Brandon Heath: "..."
He decided that he would never let Aria Rowlett touch a drop of alcohol again. 
He stuck to his word. 
* 
The White family. 
The hall was brightly lit. 
When Gary White got out of the car and saw a strange car parked next to it, he asked his butler, "Uncle Charlie, do we have guests at home?" 
The butler nodded. 
Gary White walked towards the garage with Butler following behind him. 
While walking, he asked, "Who has come?" 
The butler immediately answered, "It was Lady Patrice and the two missies from the Kelloway family." 
Gary White paused, skipping a heartbeat, "The Kelloways have come?" 
"Yes." 
"What did they come here for?" 
Several major families in Closia had a generational friendship. 
But the friendship between the Whites and the Kelloways was not very strong, both families recognized each other and that was it. 
Unlike the Heath and Kelloway family, their friendship was generational. 
The Kelloways rarely visited the White family, so Gary White found it strange when he heard about their visit. 
The butler respectfully replied, "I’m not sure about that. However, I overheard Madam Kelloway and Madam having a conversation about Mr. Ashton, it seems that Madam Kelloway’s visit this time is for you, Mr. Ashton." 
Gary White found it even stranger and frowned, "For me? What does it have to do with me?" 
This..."the butler hesitated as he looked at him. 
Gary White showed a hint of impatience, "If you have something to say, just speak up. You know I hate people who beat around the bush." 
"Yes yes yes." Seeing his change in expression, the butler was scared and immediately said, "Madam Kelloway, Madam Kelloway seems to want to introduce her daughter to Mr. Ashton. I heard her asking Madam if you are currently single or have a girlfriend." 
"However, which Miss Kelloway she wants to introduce to Mr. Ashton, I’m not sure." 
"I guess it should be Miss Rebecca from the Kelloway family. Miss Annie Kelloway is still young, and Madam Kelloway shouldn’t be in a hurry to find her a partner." 
With an incredulous expression, Gary White said, "To introduce Miss Rebecca Kelloway to me? Isn’t Rebecca Kelloway in love with Ashton Heath? Is she willing to come this time?" 
"As for this, I don’t know. Mr. Ashton can go and ask Madam." 
Gary White thought this was absurd. 
The Kelloway family suddenly came to the White house to introduce him to a potential partner. 
And the person to be introduced was Miss Rebecca Kelloway 
Within their circle, who doesn’t know that Rebecca Kelloway is mad about Ashton Heath? 
She vowed to marry no one but Ashton Heath in this life. 
Gary White found this matter strange, he didn’t entirely believe the butler’s words, and decided to go ask Madam White himself. 
"How long have they been here?" 
"It’s been about an hour." 
"An hour, and they haven’t left?" Coming out of the garage, Gary White looked up at the brightly lit residential building and frowned. 
* 
Noble Hall. 
Lady Patrice and Madam White were still chatting pleasantly. 
Rebecca Kelloway and Regina Kelloway sat quietly next to Madam Kelloway, listening to their conversation. 
"Madam White, you said that Gary would come home tonight, right? Why hasn’t he come home yet at this hour? Is there something that’s holding him up?"
###Chapter 1068: Chapter 1066: His Mom Really Wants to Pair Him Up with Rebecca Kelloway
Lady Patrice picked up the coffee from the coffee table and took a sip. She elegantly wiped her lips with a handkerchief and put the coffee cup back. 
Madam White looked up at the wall clock and furrowed her brows slightly. Just as she was about to call someone to check on the situation, she heard footsteps approaching from outside. 
She turned her head and saw Gary White walking in. A smile spread across her face as she got up and walked over to him: "Gary, you’re back. Have you eaten? Do you want the chef to make you some supper?" 
Gary wasn’t ranked fifth. 
Apart from the daughter they were still searching for, the White family had only this one son. 
His nickname "Gary" was given because he had a weak body when he was younger. A master suggested this name to help him overcome his frequent illnesses. 
As Gary grew up and became healthier, Madam White became used to calling him by this name and continued to do so. 
"Mom, I had dinner before coming home." Gary seemed to glance casually into the living room, noticing Lady Patrice, Rebecca Kelloway, and Regina Kelloway. He feigned surprise, "We have guests?" 
Madam White chuckled and led him to the sofa: "Lady Patrice and your two younger sisters are here, come and greet them." 
Gary nodded politely, "Hello, Mrs. Kelloway. Hello, sisters." 
Lady Patrice looked up and responded with an elegant smile, "Gary, did you just come back from outside work? Your mom and I were just talking about you, and here you are." 
"Oh?" Gary pretended to be puzzled, "Mrs. Kelloway and my mom were talking about me? What did you say? No wonder my ears were burning. That explains it." 
With a knowing smile, Lady Patrice said, "It was nothing much, just some casual conversation." 
Gary nodded and did not ask any further. 
"Hello, Mr. White," Regina said softly, seemingly a bit restrained sitting beside them. 
In contrast, as the elder sister, Rebecca Kelloway exuded grace and confidence. She nodded at Gary and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr. White." 
"Rebecca, don’t you find sitting with two old ladies like us quite dull? Since Gary is back now, why don’t I have him show you around the garden? Being closer in age, you can have more interesting conversations." 
"Yes, Rebecca, why don’t you go for a walk with Gary? Regina can stay with us. She wouldn’t have much in common with you guys anyway, being so much younger. She’s better off keeping us company." 
The intentions of Madam White and Lady Patrice to pair Gary and Rebecca couldn’t be more obvious. 
At first, Gary didn’t trust what the butler, Rowan, had told him. 
Now, he believed it. 
His mom really wanted to match him up with Rebecca. 
And Lady Patrice shared the same thought. 
Indeed, the White and Kelloway families were perfectly matched in terms of social and economic status. 
Rebecca’s credentials in the circle of well-bred ladies were top-notch. 
If Lady Patrice truly had this in mind, his mother would definitely not refuse. 
However, Gary had never thought of getting involved with Rebecca. Not only was she not his type, he couldn’t possibly have anything with a woman who was already in love with someone else. 
Gary rejected the suggestion internally but didn’t show it on his face. 
After all, some social courtesies had to be observed. 
Ynobody could force him into something he didn’t want to do anyway.
###Chapter 1069: Chapter 1067: Very Well-Matched with Her Family’s Rebecca
It happened that he also planned to talk things out with Rebecca Kelloway and ask her what she was thinking. 
With that thought, he smiled and nodded, "Alright, then I’ll take Ms. Kelloway out for a walk. Ms. Kelloway, shall I take you for a walk in the White family’s backyard?" 
Rebecca Kelloway also smiled and nodded, slowly rising to her feet, "Thank you, Mr. White." 
Gary White grinned, "No need to be so polite, let’s go." 
"Alright." 
Rebecca Kelloway reached out to smooth her bangs, lowered her head, and said to Lady Patrice, "Mom, I’ll go out for a walk with Mr. White first. You and Madam White can have a good chat, and I’ll be back later." 
"Go ahead, you young people should have fun together and leave us alone." Lady Patrice said, raising her eyes to carefully examine Gary White once more, and then a satisfied look appeared in her eyes. 
The White family’s son looked quite good. 
No matter his looks or other conditions, all were quite compatible with her daughter Rebecca. 
If she had to choose between the two heirs of the Parker and White families, she hoped her daughter Rebecca could marry this child from the White family. 
The Parker family’s conditions were also good, and they were matching in social and economic status with the Kelloway family. 
But that child from the Parker family had an illness. 
When he wasn’t having an attack, he looked normal. 
But once he has an attack... 
Rebecca was her baby daughter, and she couldn’t bear to have Rebecca marry a man with an illness. 
How dangerous that would be. 
Who knew what he would do to Rebecca when his illness took over. 
So after much consideration, she still thought Gary White from the White family was more suitable for her daughter Rebecca and moreover, there was no one else more suitable for Rebecca. 
There were several major families in Closia. 
White’s, Parker’s, Heath’s, and Luther’s... 
Of course, she was most interested in the Heath family, but the two Heath sons seemed to have no interest in Rebecca. She had once hinted at the idea of the two families getting married, but the Heath family’s response was that they couldn’t make the decision on such a large matter, and whether the two families could get married would depend on the children’s own intentions. 
Lady Patrice had waited before. 
But after waiting for so many years, there was still no intention of marriage from the Heath family’s side. 
Seeing that Rebecca was getting older, Lady Patrice felt that she couldn’t wait any longer. 
The best years for a girl were just a few. 
If she waited any longer, Rebecca would become an old maiden. 
Although with the Kelloway family’s conditions, they wouldn’t have a hard time finding a good family, it would still be more difficult when Rebecca was older. 
Other than the Heath family, the remaining options were the Parker and Luther families. 
If Frank Parker did not have an illness, Lady Patrice would think he was the best choice. 
As for the Luther family’s... 
Lady Patrice never liked them. 
It was not a problem with the Luther family’s background, but their youngest son was nothing more than a playboy who only knew how to enjoy himself. How could he be worthy of her outstanding daughter! 
So after much consideration, she finally settled on the White family. 
This time she came to visit the White family to get a feel for their intentions. 
Now, judging from Madam White’s attitude, she should be interested in Rebecca. 
She knew that her outstanding daughter Rebecca would be cherished by any family she went to. 
Those two young masters of the Heath family looked down on everyone, not even seeing Rebecca as a worthy choice. She would like to see what kind of woman they would bring home in the future. 
She did not believe there could be a better and more outstanding girl than Rebecca. 
* 
Gary White took Rebecca Kelloway for a walk in the backyard. 
The White family’s old mansion was located in the suburbs and occupied half of a mountain.
###Chapter 1070: Chapter 1068: He Doesn’t Believe That Rebecca Kelloway Really Doesn’t Know
As night fell, even in summer, it was still a bit chilly in the mountains. 
Rebecca Kelloway walked and walked, covering her nose and sneezing gently. 
"Ms. Kelloway, do you feel cold?" Gary White stopped and looked at her sleeveless black dress, asking considerately, "Do you want me to have someone fetch a cape for you? Or I could take Miss White to change into something warmer." 
"No need, I..." Rebecca softly declined. 
Before she could finish speaking, Gary White called a maid over and asked her to fetch a shawl. 
After giving instructions to the maid, Gary White lowered his head, smiling at Rebecca, and said, "It’s a bit cool at night, Ms. Kelloway. Don’t catch a cold. If you get sick because you’re out with me, my mom will scold me for not treating you well." 
Rebecca was momentarily surprised, and then chuckled lightly, "If Mr. White had a girlfriend, I’m sure he’d be a very considerate and attentive boyfriend who’d take very good care of her."
Gary White laughed, "If Ms. Kelloway had a boyfriend, he would definitely be more considerate and gentle than me." 
Talking about this topic reminded Gary White of what Rowan had said. After a brief silence, he looked at Rebecca and said, "Ms. Kelloway, I brought you out here because I actually wanted to talk to you about something. Can I ask you a question?" 
"Of course." Rebecca replied generously, "What does Mr. White want to ask me? As long as I know, I’ll answer truthfully." 
Gary White looked straight at her and said, "Does Ms. Kelloway notice that it seems our mothers want to matchmake us? I’m not planning to consider personal affairs right now. What does Ms. Kelloway think?" 
Rebecca blinked in surprise, a hint of astonishment flashing through her eyes. 
After waiting for a while, she feigned astonishment, "Mr. White, are you saying that my mom and Madam White want to matchmake us?" 
Gary White watched her surprised and dumbfounded expression, sneering inwardly. 
He didn’t believe that Rebecca was really unaware. 
"Ms. Kelloway, you didn’t notice?" He had always disliked women who liked to pretend, and his smile faded slightly. His tone also became colder. 
Rebecca was a smart woman. 
She immediately noticed Gary White’s indifference. 
Of course, she also knew why Gary White had suddenly become colder towards her. 
"It’s not that I didn’t notice at all. I just didn’t dare to guess in that direction." Realizing that Gary White could easily see through her cunning, Rebecca didn’t try to pretend any longer. 
She chuckled, "Is Mr. White worried about them shipping us? Actually, you can rest assured. What they think does not matter, as it isn’t the era of arranged marriages anymore. I’m not willing, and neither are you, so it doesn’t matter what they think." 
"Besides..." Rebecca hesitated, as if touching on a sensitive topic, and she revealed a look of wanting to speak but stopping short. 
Gary White looked at her with his eyes full of depth, "Ms. Kelloway, feel free to speak your mind." 
"If my words offend Mr. White, I apologize in advance. Since Mr. White asked me to be frank, then I will...speaking candidly." 
After saying that, Rebecca hesitated for a while before speaking, "I know that Mr. White already has a woman he likes, right?" 
Gary White was dumbfounded for a few seconds, "I already like someone?"
###Chapter 1071: Chapter 1069: I Don’t Like People Playing Tricks in Front of Me
How could he not know? 
Rebecca Kelloway revealed a hesitant expression, and after a pause, she whispered: "I heard that Mr. White likes a female actress in your film crew. To have her taken care of, he claimed that she is your cousin?" 
Gary White’s face changed instantly. 
He darkened his face and spoke coldly: "Ms. Kelloway, where did you hear these idle gossips from? Who told you about them?" 
"Mr. White, are you... are you angry?" 
Rebecca looked innocent and uneasy: "I’m sorry, it seems that I said something I shouldn’t have, and it made you angry. I also heard it from someone else; I don’t know if it’s true or not." 
"I only mentioned it to you because I know the female actress." 
"You heard it from someone else?" 
"Yes, yes, I did." 
"Who exactly told you?" 
"Well, uh..." Rebecca’s face showed a difficult expression, "I heard it in a conversation with friends. I didn’t really pay attention to who said it. Mr. White, if this topic is making you unhappy, can we drop it?" 
"Pretend I haven’t said anything, okay?" 
gary White narrowed his eyes a little: "Ms. Kelloway, I think it’s better for us to speak our minds. I don’t like people who are evasive. I’m afraid that you didn’t bring up that matter just casually, did you?" 
He lowered his voice and looked at her sharply: "Ms. Kelloway, what do you want to say exactly?" 
Rebecca’s face changed slightly: "Mr. White, I..." 
"I’ve said that I don’t like people who play mind games in front of me. Rebecca, what do you want to say?" Gary interrupted her impatiently. His earlier politeness and gentleness were gone as he addressed her by her full name. 
Rebecca’s expression changed again, and the barely natural smile on her lips now looked even more fake. 
She stared at Gary for a moment and suddenly laughed. 
"Alright, Gary White, I don’t like to be obscure with people either. Since you said it that way, I’ll just be straightforward. That so-called rumor, isn’t just a rumor, is it?" 
Gary half-squinted, expressionless: "What do you mean?" 
Rebecca hooked her lips, walked to a nearby bench, sat down, looked up and said: "In fact, you do like Joanna Lawrence, don’t you? If it weren’t for your feelings for her, you wouldn’t have done so much for her." 
"You recommended her for the Female Lead 1, told many people she’s your cousin, and asked others to look after her. Please don’t tell me you did it only because Ashton asked you to." 
"Gary White, I know what kind of person you are. Moreover, your relationship with Ashton isn’t deep enough for you to do him so many favors. Ah, Joanna Lauren is indeed formidable. She seems to have enchanted the best men of the four great families of Closia." 
"Can you tell me what it is you like about her? Just her face?" 
Rebecca spoke with deep jealousy in her eyes. 
She really didn’t understand. 
Why do all the men in the world seem to like Joanna Lawrence? 
All the best men around her had a crush on her.
###Chapter 1072: Chapter 1070: Are You Willing? Let’s Cooperate
One Ashton Heath and Frank Parker were not enough; now even Gary White showed interest in her. 
Would Yannick Luther also become fond of her later? 
No, that’s not right. Hasn’t Yannick Luther already shown interest in her? 
Last time at the karaoke bar, Yannick Luther even declared that he had found true love. 
If Joanna Lawrence was still single at that time, Yannick Luther would definitely be pursuing her. 
When she thought about the best men in Closia all falling for that siren, she felt a strong hatred in her heart. 
Gary White paused for a few seconds, his face turning ugly, "Since you know her, you should know whose woman she is. Do you think it’s appropriate for you to say these things?" 
Rebecca Kelloway just smiled, "Of course, I know whose woman she is. I not only know whose woman she is, I also know that she will soon divorce Ashton Heath." 
"Divorce?" Gary White’s face slightly changed, "You’re saying she’s getting divorced? Did she tell you this?" 
With Ashton Heath’s insane possessiveness, would he divorce Joanna Lawrence? 
That was obviously impossible. 
Moreover, the two had just gotten married and were in the stage of deep affection for each other. How could they possibly divorce? 
"She didn’t tell me," Rebecca Kelloway laughed, her face filled with certainty, "but she and Ashton will definitely get divorced. She won’t be able to stay in the Kelloway family for long. Gary White, the reason I’m telling you this is because I hope you seize the opportunity." 
Gary White’s lips tightened, his gaze turning cold, "Ms. Kelloway is asking me to steal a friend’s wife? Friends’ wives are off-limits. Even though Ms. Kelloway is a well-bred lady, she can actually encourage others to snatch a friend’s wife. It is said that Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family is knowledgeable, well-mannered, and the best among all the well-bred ladies. Ms. Rebecca, your words and actions today have really opened my eyes." 
Rebecca Kelloway didn’t get angry at his words, "A wall that can be dug isn’t called a wall. Moreover, they will have to part ways sooner or later. The person I want is Ashton Heath, and the person you want is Joanna Lawrence. We are just taking what we need." 
"Gary White, if you are willing, I can help you get Joanna Lawrence." Rebecca Kelloway looked at Gary White’s sinking face and continued to smile, "It’s not easy to meet a woman who can make you fall in love. If you have the chance to make her your own, why not give it a try?" 
"Besides, with Mr. White’s charm, as long as you have the heart, I believe there is no woman you can’t win." After Rebecca Kelloway finished speaking, she stood up slowly and took a step towards Gary White. 
She raised her head, her eyes filled with ambition and unwillingness, "I’m serious. Gary White, we can cooperate. I can help you get Joanna Lawrence, and you help me get Ashton Heath." 
Gary White stared at her without any expression for a long time. 
Rebecca Kelloway thought he was considering it, so she patiently waited. After a while, she couldn’t wait any longer and asked, "Have you made up your mind?"
"Yes, I’ve made up my mind," Gary White finally spoke. 
Rebecca Kelloway immediately asked, "So, are you willing? We can cooperate." 
"Cooperate?" Gary White looked genuinely interested, his lips curving up into a smile as he raised his eyebrows and asked, "How does Ms. Kelloway plan to cooperate?" 
Rebecca Kelloway wasn’t too foolish, after a moment of silence, she said, "That depends on whether you really want to cooperate with me. If you’re sincere, I will naturally find a way for you to get Joanna Lawrence." 
"Rebecca, you just said you know a bit about me? I think you overestimate yourself." Gary White looked at her smiling, but there was no trace of a smile in his eyes, and the area around his eyes seemed to be coated with a layer of ice.
###Chapter 1073: Chapter 1071: You deceive me, you toy with me!
Her gaze was as cold as frost. 
"What did you say?" Rebecca Kelloway’s brows knitted slightly. 
Gary White looked at her coldly: "I said you overestimate yourself. If you knew even a little about me, you wouldn’t come to me with this matter. Rebecca, do you think I, Gary White, need your help to get a woman?" 
Rebecca: "You..." 
"Besides, anyone with a shred of decency, even if they like someone, wouldn’t disturb them after knowing they are married. Let alone do something that affects the other person’s marriage. But it seems that you, Ms. Kelloway, lack such basic decency." 
Looking at Rebecca’s increasingly ugly expression, Gary White sneered: "Don’t say I’m not in the mood for feelings now, even if I were, I wouldn’t dare want a ’well-bred lady’ like Ms. Kelloway." 
Rebecca didn’t expect him to be so uncompromising, putting her in an embarrassing situation. 
For a moment, she felt completely humiliated. 
Her face flushed red, she bit her teeth: "Gary White, you never intended to cooperate with me. You lied to me, you played me!" 
Gary White scoffed, his eyes full of disdain: "You are just too stupid." 
"What did you say?" Rebecca was furious, "Is this how the young master of the White family treats a lady? Gary White, you’ve gone too far!" 
"What kind of attitude do I need to have when dealing with a woman like you? What kind of person you are determines the kind of attitude you deserve." 
At this point, Gary White was too lazy to keep up even the superficial politeness. 
His eyes were filled with clear disgust and dislike: "Ms. Kelloway, my current attitude is already very polite. If you weren’t a guest at the White family, I would only say one word to you." 
Rebecca didn’t react immediately.
Once she understood the meaning of Gary White’s words, her entire face darkened. 
Gary White couldn’t be bothered to say anything more to her. 
He looked at her coldly: "Ms. Kelloway, if you don’t want others to know what you said to me just now, then behave yourself. What doesn’t belong to you will never be yours, no matter how hard you try." 
"Also, if you dare to target Joanna Lawrence or do anything bad to her, I won’t let you off. 
Rebecca’s eyes widened, she gritted her teeth: "Gary White, can you still say you don’t like Joanna Lawrence? On what authority do you warn me, threaten me? As her director?" 
"Hahaha, you tell me to behave myself. Aren’t you also coveting your friend’s wife?" 
"I may have no shame, but you’re no better!" 
Gary White ignored her: "Remember what I said. Rebecca, if you dare to touch Joanna Lawrence, I won’t let you off. If you’re not afraid of offending both the Heath and White families, you can try it." 
After saying this, Gary White turned and left. 
At this moment, the servant who had just gone to fetch the cloak came over with it. Seeing Gary White, she respectfully greeted: "Mr. Ashton." 
Gary White nodded: "Send the cloak to Ms. Kelloway." 
The servant glanced at Rebecca not far away, feeling puzzled. 
Ms. Kelloway didn’t seem to look very well, as if she was angry. 
Mr. Ashton’s face didn’t look very good either. 
But they seemed fine when she left just now. 
Could it be that in such a short time, the two had a quarrel?
###Chapter 1074: Chapter 1072: Don’t Get Involved in This Matter
It seems that both Lady Patrice and Madam White are planning to play matchmaker for Mr. Ashton and Ms. Kelloway. 
They thought the two of them would have a lot in common, since they come from similar family backgrounds, have similar appearances, and their ages are not very far apart. They should be able to talk easily. 
Did they guess wrong? 
* 
Gary White returns to the living room. 
Both Madam White and Lady Patrice don’t see Rebecca Kelloway, so they both ask at the same time, "Where’s Rebecca? Why didn’t she come back with you?" 
Gary White casually lies, "Ms. Kelloway said she loves the view of our garden and would like to take another walk by herself." 
Lady Patrice and Madam White both exchange glances, not really believing this excuse. 
Lady Patrice’s brow furrowed, and just as she was about to look for Rebecca, she saw her walk in from outside. 
"Mom, Madam White." She entered the living room and saw Gary White there too, her face involuntarily darkened. 
"Rebecca, why did you and Frank come back so quickly?" Lady Patrice looked at her daughter, then at Gary White, a hint of confusion in her eyes, "Won’t you two walk a bit more?" 
"No need." Rebecca squeezed out a stiff smile from the corner of her mouth, "Mom, I suddenly feel unwell. Let’s go back." 
"Unwell? What’s wrong with you?" Lady Patrice took it seriously and immediately asked with concern. 
Rebecca’s smile was still stiff, "I can’t really explain it, but I just don’t feel well." 
"Rebecca, are you feeling sick?" Madam White also took it seriously, and asked with concern, "Do you need a doctor to examine you?"
"Madam White, thank you for your concern. But I don’t think it’s necessary to call a doctor, I should be fine after resting a bit." 
"Alright then." Madam White nodded, "In that case, go back early and have a good rest. When you have time, come and visit me again." 
Lady Patrice was also worried about her daughter, thinking Rebecca was really unwell and not in the mood to stay at the White family’s home any longer. 
She immediately stood up and said, "Joanna, I’ll take Rebecca and Regina back first. We sisters will get together some other day." 
* 
After sending off Lady Patrice and her two daughters, 
Madam White was quite satisfied with Rebecca. Lady Patrice had already extended an olive branch, and she was happy to accept it. 
But in terms of marriage, she couldn’t make the decision for her son. 
Most importantly, it was up to Gary White. 
After the guests left, mother and son returned to their room. 
Madam White called out to Gary, who was about to go upstairs, "Gary, wait a minute, Mom wants to ask you something." 
Gary White stopped and turned around, already guessing what Madam White wanted to ask. 
He smiled and said, "Mom, go ahead." 
Madam White was also a straightforward person, and Gary inherited her temperament, "What do you think about Mrs. Kelloway’s eldest daughter? I think she wants to introduce Rebecca to you. Actually, the two of you are quite compatible." 
"What do you think of that girl, Rebecca? How about you?" 
Gary White fell silent for a moment, "Mom, do you want the truth?" 
Madam White laughed, "Of course the truth, and you better not lie to me." 
"I don’t feel anything for her." Gary White said indifferently, "She’s not my type. Please don’t get involved in this matter. I know you’re eager to have a daughter-in-law, but I promise you that you’ll have one. You don’t need to worry about this anymore." 
"When I find the right person, I’ll definitely bring her home to meet you." 
Madam White frowned slightly, "So you don’t like her type? What kind of girl do you like? I think that girl is quite nice, she has a good appearance, good temperament, and her speech is also pleasant."
###Chapter 1075: Chapter 1073: It Doesn’t Matter Even If One Has a Lower Background
At this point, Gary White couldn’t help but sneer, "Good manners and temperament? Mom, are you sure about that?" 
Madam White could tell that there was another meaning in his words. Stunned, she asked in confusion, "Gary, what do you mean? You seem to disagree with this? You went out with her for a short time and came back. Did something happen during that time?"
After all, he was her son whom she had watched grow up. 
Madam White could feel that Gary White didn’t seem to like Rebecca Kelloway much. 
Not just dislike, it even seemed to carry a hint of disgust. 
But everything was fine before. 
Now, why...? 
Thinking it over, it must have been something that happened during the short time they went out together. 
"Nothing happened." Gary White had seen what kind of woman Rebecca was, but he didn’t intend to tell Madam White about it. He walked over to her side and lightly patted her on the shoulder, "Mom, anyway, don’t get involved in matchmaking me with Rebecca anymore." 
Madam White was silent for a while, then nodded, "Alright, if you don’t want me meddling, I won’t meddle. But Gary, you are not young anymore. In one more year, you’ll be in your thirties. When other people are your age, their children can already be background characters." 
"But now you don’t even have anyone by your side. Tell me, what kind of girl do you like? I’ll help you look. Watching you grow older each day, I can’t help but worry." 
Gary White, feeling a headache coming on, said, "Mom, didn’t I tell you? When I find someone I like, I’ll bring her home for you to see." 
Madam White snorted, discontented, "You’ve said this sentence countless times. When have you ever meant it? Have you ever brought a girl home in these years? If you had, even just one, I wouldn’t be so anxious right now." 
"I haven’t found the one yet, have I?" 
"That’s why I’m asking you what kind of girl you like. I’ve introduced you to so many, and you haven’t liked any of them. Do you need a fairy-like beauty to be satisfied, huh?" As she said this, Madam White suddenly thought of something. 
She thought of a possibility, her expression slightly changing as she changed the subject: "Is it true that you and that actress from your film crew are...?" 
"There’s nothing going on." Gary cut her off before she could finish, frowning, "Mom, don’t listen to those rumors. You know that the entertainment industry loves to spread baseless news." 
"Really?" Madam White obviously didn’t believe him, "The news seemed to have a lot of detail. I saw the girl, she’s quite beautiful, even more so than the Kelloway girl." 
"If you really like her, there’s no need to hide it. You know that the White family doesn’t care about family status that much. As long as she’s a decent girl with good character, it doesn’t matter if she comes from a lower background." 
"The most important thing is that you like her. Although we’re not fond of her profession, your father and I are not difficult parents. If you like her, we’ll treat her well too." 
Right now, Madam White felt that it would be nice just for her son to be in a relationship. 
As for whether the partner comes from a good background, has a good career, or looks good, it’s all secondary. 
After all, the White family’s current status is stable enough. If they can find someone matching in social and economic status, it’s just icing on the cake.
###Chapter 1076: Chapter 1074: Everything is Possible
But if it’s an ordinary one, it won’t have much impact on the White family. 
So she didn’t think family status was so important. 
As long as her son likes her, it’s fine. 
Helpless, Gary White rubbed his temples and explained, "Mom, it’s really not what you think. The actress you mentioned already has a boyfriend. The reason I treat her specially is because I was asked to do so by others." 
"Another reason is that we get along quite well. I don’t know why, but being with her gives me a strange feeling. So I can’t help but want to be nice to her, but this has nothing to do with love." 
"I don’t have any romantic feelings for her." 
Madam White paused, "What kind of strange feeling?" 
After pondering carefully, Gary said, "I think she’s like my sister. When I’m with her, I have the urge to get close to her. But this desire to be close to her really has nothing to do with romantic feelings." 
"She’s like your sister?" Madam White frowned, "But hasn’t your sister not been found yet?" 
"Yeah, she hasn’t been found yet." Gary White nodded, "I know, she can’t possibly be my sister. But when I’m with her, I always have the illusion that she is my sister. Mom, she’s really a very likable girl. You’ll know when you meet her." 
"And, although I’ve only seen my sister’s childhood photos, she does look quite alike." 
Madam White showed curiosity in her eyes after hearing this, "Really? She looks like your sister? Gary, have you already found out that your sister is in Closia? Is that girl from Closia? Is there any chance she is...?" 
"I thought about that too." Gary White interrupted Madam White, sighing lightly. "But the chances are very small, almost negligible. She is a local person and has lived here since childhood." 
However, Madam White didn’t think so. 
She thought for a moment, then said, "Since we’ve found out that your sister is in Closia, any girl of her age living in Closia could be her. How old is the girl you mentioned?" 
"Nineteen." 
"Nineteen?" Madam White’s face changed slightly, and she looked much more serious. "Your sister is also nineteen this year. Have you asked her which month she was born?"
Gary White was stunned, then shook his head. "No, I haven’t asked." 
"Then you should ask right away." Madam White said excitedly, "Maybe she is the baby daughter I’ve been looking for. Quickly find her photo and let me see. I want to see if she looks very similar to Cecilia." 
Gary White: "...Mom, she can’t possibly be..." 
How could there be such a coincidence? 
Just because he thought Joanna Lawrence looked like his sister, she was really his sister? 
"You get the photo for me first." Madam White stared at him, dissatisfied. "How do you know she isn’t? Maybe she is. Nothing is impossible in this world, anything is possible." 
Left with no choice, Gary White showed his mother some photos of Joanna from her TV series. 
Madam White carefully looked at each photo, and after a while, she looked up with an excited expression: "Yes, she does look very much like Cecilia. Especially her eyes and nose, they’re exactly like Cecilia’s when she was little."
###Chapter 1077: Chapter 1075: She may think he’s a pervert
"I think she might be our Cecilia." 
"Mom, don’t get too excited." Gary White looked helplessly at Madam White, "There’s no way such a coincidence could happen. Although I also hope she’s my sister, the possibility is really small." 
He didn’t want Madam White to hold high hopes and end up being disappointed. 
This wasn’t the first time this had happened. 
The greater the hope, the bigger the disappointment. 
"Gary, when I entrusted your sister to someone else, I thought I’d bring her back as soon as the crisis of the White family was over. But at that time, I didn’t know if we could get through that crisis and how long it would take." 
"So, to prevent mistaken identity later on, I left a mark on your sister." 
"As long as it can be confirmed that she has that birthmark, she will definitely be your sister." 
While speaking, Madam White excitedly grabbed Gary White’s hand: "Gary, to find out if she is Cecilia, all you need to know is whether she has that mark." 
This was the first time Gary White had heard of this matter, and he couldn’t help being surprised: "A mark? Mom, what kind of mark are you talking about?" 
"It’s a mole." Madam White took a deep breath, suppressing her inner excitement, "A red mole that I put on her with my own hands. It’s on her buttocks, but I can’t remember if it’s on the left or right side. Anyway, it’s on her buttocks." 
Gary White: "..." 
A mole on the buttocks? 
How could he confirm that? 
Should he ask Joanna Lawrence if she has a red mole on her buttocks? 
She would probably think he’s a pervert. 
As soon as Madam White finished speaking, she also realized this issue and frowned slightly: "You can’t ask her about this. But it’s not difficult to confirm. Just find a time to bring her to our house, and I will confirm it." 
Gary White originally thought that such a coincidence could not happen. 
But now, hearing Madam White’s words, he became serious and began to pay attention as well. 
He had never known about the mark before. 
This was the first time Madam White had mentioned this to him. 
"Mom, isn’t there a birthday party coming up in a few days? I’ll invite her then." Gary White pondered for a moment and continued, "At that time, it will be up to you to confirm." 
"Alright." Madam White clenched her fists, already a little impatient, "I’ll arrange everything in advance. If she is Cecilia, I will spoil and love her, give her the best life I can offer." 
"For the rest of her life, she’ll never suffer a bit." 
"From then on, she’ll be the glamorous daughter of the White family, our precious jewel." 
At the corner of the hall. 
A white figure stood in the corner for a while. When Madam White and Gary White finished talking, the white figure quietly left. 
* 
Inside the car. 
Rebecca Kelloway received a text message. She opened it and read for a moment, her face changing as she did. 
Lady Patrice was sitting beside her, noticing her discomfort, she immediately asked: "Rebecca, what’s wrong? Don’t you feel well again?" 
Rebecca shook her head, recalling the message she had just read. She clenched her phone and asked hesitantly: "Mom, do you know about the story of the Whites losing a daughter?"
###Chapter 1078: Chapter 1076: Why did you suddenly ask about this?
"I do. What makes you suddenly ask about this?" Lady Patrice asked, puzzled. 
Rebecca pressed her lips together, even though she thought the possibility was very small, the moment she considered that the probability wasn’t zero, she found it unbearable: "Mom, do you know about Kelloway family’s lost daughter? It’s said that the White family has been searching for her for over ten years, but with no luck. Now, it seems there might finally be some clue— they say she might be in Closia." 
"Have you spoken with Madam White about this? What did she say?" 
"She did mention it to me casually today," Lady Patrice pondered and then stated, "but she didn’t say much, only expressing her envy that I have both you and Regina as my daughters. She said she pities her missing daughter who might be suffering somewhere unknown, and wishes she could find her and make amends." 
"Rebecca, why did you suddenly bring up this topic? Is something going on? Do you have any leads?" 
"No," Rebecca drew a deep breath, "I simply recalled the incident and thought to discuss it casually."
"Really?" Lady Patrice still harbored some suspicions, but chose not to press further on this matter. Instead, she changed the subject," Rebecca, how was your conversation with Gary White today? You didn’t chat for long before you returned. Were you upset?" 
Lady Patrice was more concerned about matchmaking Rebecca with Gary White. 
She wouldn’t have been so anxious, usually. 
But... 
"Mom, are you trying to set me up with him?" Thoughts of Gary White’s terrible attitude made Rebecca’s face grow colder, "I’m not interested in a man like him, so you can save yourself the trouble of matchmaking us." 
The color drained from Lady Patrice’s face: "Why aren’t you interested? What did he do to make you dislike him?" 
"Anyway, just stop meddling." Impatience surfaced on Rebecca’s face, "It’s impossible between the two of us." 
Hearing Rebecca’s firm response, Lady Patrice’s expression shifted: "Why would it be impossible? Among your peers, he is the most outstanding and most compatible with you. Moreover, the White family has only one son. If you marry into their family, you’ll be the one and only young mistress of their family, guaranteeing a worry-free future." 
"Rebecca, your mother knows you’re still pining over that brat from the Heath family. But you can’t waste your youth on him, you know. Even though I hope you’d marry into the Heath family, it’s an idea better not forced." 
"Speaking of which, the White family only falls slightly short of the Heath family, but the margins are small. Gary White personally stands out among his peers. Marrying him would be the best choice for you." 
"Also, I’ve sounded out Madam White. She is very fond of you. She has a gentle temperament and won’t be the kind of mother-in-law who thrives on making life difficult for others. I would feel relieved if you marry into the White family." 
Rebecca still wore a stern expression: "In any case, it’s impossible between him and me. Mom, please don’t try to set him and me up anymore." 
"Rebecca, are you still pining over Ashton?" Lady Patrice’s expression soured, "What are you waiting for? So, if he doesn’t marry, you won’t either? If you were to wait for something worthwhile, I wouldn’t mind. But after all these years, tell me, did you get what you hoped for?" 
"There are only a few prime years in a girl’s life. If you keep waiting like this, you’ll become a leftover woman!" 
"So what?" Rebecca clenched her teeth, her face becoming hard, "No matter what, I’ll never marry a man I don’t like. I will make my own decisions about my life, I don’t need anyone else to arrange it for me."
###Chapter 1079: Chapter 1077: You Must Make Some Sacrifices for the Family
"You..." Lady Patrice’s face turned livid with anger. 
"Mom, just stop arguing with Joanna," said Regina Kelloway, who had been silent until now. "I think Joanna is right. Marriage is a big deal, how can you marry someone you don’t like?" 
"Shut your mouth," Lady Patrice snapped at Regina, not holding back her anger. "What does liking have to do with it? Can you eat love? If I had thought like this back then, would you and your sister be living the life of luxury you have now?" 
"Rebecca Kelloway, I don’t care whether you like Gary White or not, you have to find a way to marry him," Lady Patrice suddenly sounded more assertive. 
Rebecca’s temper flared: "Mom, let me tell you, I won’t marry him, and it’s my life to live." 
"That’s not up to you," Lady Patrice retorted angrily, "You’ve enjoyed the Kelloway family’s kindness for so many years, now the family is in trouble, and you have an obligation to help us through this difficult time. If you won’t marry, you can’t be the prestigious Ms. Kelloway anymore." 
Regina was stunned, then asked doubtfully, "Mom, what do you mean? What’s wrong with our family?" 
Rebecca also frowned and looked at Lady Patrice quizzically, "Mom, what did you mean by that?" 
After a long silence, Lady Patrice finally spoke, "I don’t want to hide it from you two any longer. Our company is in trouble and needs a reliable partner. And the most reliable partnership is when the two collaborating families become in-laws." 
"This way, everyone will feel more secure." 
"Among all generational friendships in Closia that could match with the Kelloway family, the White family’s son is the most suitable for you, Rebecca. I’m not trying to force you, but as the daughter of the Kelloway family, it’s your duty to help your own family through this difficult time." 
"Besides, marrying into the White family won’t put you at a disadvantage. Even if our family didn’t face these difficulties, marrying into the White family would be a great choice." 
Rebecca and Regina were both stunned. 
Neither of them had ever imagined that the Kelloway family would face difficulties. 
"If the Kelloway family can’t get through this crisis, the economic impact on the Kelloway Group will be huge. It will be hard to recover from that. If the Kelloway family declines, do you think you can still live the life you have now?" 
"Can anyone still take our Kelloway family seriously by then?" 
When Lady Patrice got to this point, she sighed softly, took Rebecca’s hand, and pleaded, "Rebecca, you must be with Gary White for the sake of the Kelloway family. You know your father and I have always adored you. If it wasn’t for this family crisis, we wouldn’t want to push you." 
"But now, you must make some sacrifices for the family." 
At that moment, Rebecca’s face turned much paler. 
"Mom, you’re not lying to me, are you? Our Kelloway family is really..." Her voice trembled. 
Her only capital to support her pride right now was her identity as Ms. Rebecca. 
If there ever came a day when even that status was no longer significant, she couldn’t imagine what it would be like. 
"Rebecca, whether the Kelloway family can get through this crisis depends on you," Lady Patrice said solemnly, looking at her. "You must find a way to settle the wedding event with Gary White as soon as possible and release the news of the upcoming marriage alliance between the White and Kelloway families."
###Chapter 1080: Chapter 1078: I don’t want to calm down, I want to kiss you.
"The Kelloway family, we can’t wait too much longer." 
This news, to Rebecca Kelloway, was undoubtedly a bolt from the blue. 
Thinking back to the text message she had just received, her heart sank little by little, as if plunging into an ice cellar. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath left the cinema, and it was already half past ten in the evening. 
Thinking of flying back to Frankfurt the next day, they didn’t do anything else after watching the movie and drove straight home. 
On the way back, Joanna, who was always thinking of Aria Rowlett, sent her a message on Twitter. 
She waited for more than ten minutes, but Aria still didn’t reply. 
Joanna felt a bit uneasy and made another phone call. 
The phone rang four or five times before it was answered. 
Before Joanna could even say "hello", she heard a man’s voice coming over, "Hello, are you a friend of Aria Rowlett? She’s drunk now and isn’t quite sober, so it’s inconvenient for her to answer the phone. Do you have something to tell her?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
Is this... Brandon Heath’s voice?! 
She pulled her phone away, glanced at the time, startled, and put the phone back to her ear: "Aria got drunk? Is she with you right now?" 
A calm and cold voice from Brandon Heath came over: "Yes, she is with me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Miss, do you have something to tell her? It’s not convenient for her to take the call now, but you can tell me. When she wakes up, I’ll relay the message." 
In Aria Rowlett’s phone contact list, Joanna Lawrence was saved as "Baby". 
Joanna guessed that Brandon Heath couldn’t recognize her voice and didn’t know who she was. 
She hesitated for a moment and said softly, "Um... Brandon... it’s me." 
Just after she finished speaking, she felt that he probably still didn’t know who she was, so she added, "I’m Joanna Lawrence." 
There was a few seconds of silence on the other end, then Brandon Heath’s voice responded: "Joanna, do you and Ms. Aria know each other?" 
Joanna Lawrence gave an ’Mm-hm’: "We go to the same school and even share a dorm room. We are best friends." 
Brandon Heath was silent for a while. 
Joanna Lawrence opened her mouth to speak, suddenly hearing a familiar voice from the phone: "Brandon Heath, are we home yet? Can I kiss you now? Oh, why are you avoiding me? You promised me I could kiss you, come here." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
Isn’t this Aria Rowlett’s voice? 
But why has Aria’s voice become so coy, so soft, so seductive... 
And, what did she hear just now? 
Did she just hear Aria saying she wants to kiss Brandon Heath?! 
Did she hear that right?! 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned by Aria Rowlett’s words and it took her a long time to recover from this surprise. 
From the phone came Brandon Heath’s somewhat panicked voice: "Ms. Aria, don’t be like this. Get down, you can’t behave like this..." 
"No, I don’t want to. Brandon Heath, I want to hug you, kiss you, why are you avoiding me, why are you hiding." 
"Ms. Aria, you need to calm down..." 
"I don’t want to calm down, I want to kiss you." 
"Get down!" 
"I don’t want to. Let me kiss you huh, how can you be such a stingy man!" 
"Aria Rowlett!" Brandon Heath’s voice was a bit annoyed. 
However, Aria Rowlett was giggling: "Darling, call me Baby."
###Chapter 1081: Chapter 1079: Baby, You Have to Accept Losing a Bet
Joanna Lawrence, who had been listening to their conversation the entire time, said: "..." 
With a click, the phone disconnected. 
Hearing the disconnection sound from her phone, she was at a loss for words.
"What happened?" Ashton Heath noticed her strange expression and turned to look at her. "Was it Brandon talking to you just now?" 
Joanna was still immersed in the conversation between Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett. 
She slowly raised her head, her face still in a state of surprise. She looked at Ashton for a moment and nodded lightly: "Yes, it was Brandon who was talking to me. He’s with Aria, and he said she’s drunk." 
"Drunk?" Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows slightly and smirked, "Are you worried about her? If she’s with my brother, you don’t have to worry. Rest assured, my brother is a gentleman and won’t do anything to her." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Of course I know Brandon is a gentleman, and I never worried that he would do anything to her." 
Ashton Heath looked at her wide-eyed expression of surprise and gently patted her head, "What did Brandon say to you just now that has you so shocked?" 
Joanna blushed a little when she thought of their conversation. 
A look of hesitation appeared on her face. 
She couldn’t let Ashton Heath know that his brother had been flirted with. 
Otherwise, it would be hard for Aria to face him in the future. 
"He didn’t say much, just that Aria was drunk and that he would take her home." 
"That’s it?" Ashton looked at her expression and clearly didn’t believe her. "Baby, are you sure you’re not lying to me? Is that really all my brother said to you? Why do you look so shocked?" 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips: "That’s really all he said. I was shocked because... it seems like Aria and Brandon are dating." 
"Oh?" Ashton Heath didn’t seem surprised at all, "Did she tell you this? That she’s dating Brandon?" 
"She didn’t say anything." Joanna shook her head, "I just heard them talking, and it sounded like they’re in a relationship. I thought Aria was going to talk to Brandon and clear things up, but how did she..." 
Joanna didn’t expect Aria to really not reject Brandon, just as Ashton had predicted. 
She thought that, no matter how infatuated Aria was with Brandon’s looks, she wouldn’t lose her mind completely. 
But now it seemed... 
Her understanding of her best friend was apparently less than that of the man beside her. 
Ashton Heath chuckled softly: "If she’s really that into looks, she wouldn’t be able to resist my brother’s face. Baby, I remember we made a bet, did you lose?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Baby, a bet is a bet." Ashton Heath’s lips curled in amusement, "Don’t forget what you promised me. If you lose, you have to agree to one condition." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Of course she remembered. 
She never thought Aria would be so disappointing at the time. 
"We haven’t confirmed it yet. Aria was drunk, and she might not have been telling the truth. I’ll ask her again when she’s sober!" Seeing the teasing smile in his eyes, Joanna somehow felt weak in the legs. 
She secretly hoped Aria would pull herself together. 
But deep down, she felt there wasn’t much hope anymore. 
She knew all too well what Aria was like when she was drunk. 
Even though Aria valued good looks in men and made a fuss whenever she saw a handsome guy, as though she was very bold,
###Chapter 1082: Chapter 1080: Have You Stopped Liking Me?
But in reality, she was a coward. 
She was the kind of person who would flirt with a handsome guy verbally but would become too shy to say a word when facing him in person. 
But if she had a drink, got drunk... 
Then there’s nothing Aria Rowlett wouldn’t dare to do. 
What she wants to do but doesn’t dare to do when she’s sober, she would do so without any scruples when she’s drunk. 
So, from her flirtatious words to Brandon Heath just now, one could imagine that she must have fantasized about him countless times. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t worry about what Brandon Heath would do to Aria Rowlett at all. 
She was more concerned about what Aria Rowlett might do to him. 
She always felt that something was bound to happen tonight. 
And what happened tonight would truly change the current relationship between Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett. 
* 
The driver in the front row, looking through the rearview mirror at his master, Mr. Brandon, constantly dodging the flirting girl, was so surprised that his eyes nearly popped out. 
For a few seconds, he even doubted if his eyes were playing tricks on him. 
His master, such a dignified and serious person, was actually being teased by a young girl? 
And it seemed like he even blushed. 
This was even more remarkable than the sun rising from the west.
If he hadn’t witnessed it himself, he wouldn’t have believed that his master could be bullied by a young girl like this. 
This scene... 
It was like the Tang monk being teased and seduced by a femme-fatale demon. 
It was a bit hard to watch. 
"Aria Rowlett." 
Brandon Heath, cornered by Aria Rowlett to the point of being unable to retreat, watched as the young girl pouted and approached him. He furrowed his brows, straightened his body, and pushed her head away with his hand, his tone growing heavier: "Behave yourself, and stop messing around. Don’t force me to...". 
Brandon Heath had, since childhood, adhered to various rules and etiquette, always acting properly, and always liking to do things according to regulations. 
From a young age, he had never done anything ridiculous. 
The only thing that he considered to be ridiculous was that one night. 
That incident had disturbed his original life. 
It had become the only "accident" in his more than twenty years of life. 
But ever since then, he seemed unable to return to his original life track. 
Even though he tried hard to do so. 
But it didn’t seem to help. 
At this moment, the girl who was the only "accident" in his life, the one who had disrupted his original life, was right next to him. 
She was drunk. 
Behaving like a little hooligan, she kept making a ruckus. 
Aside from avoiding her, Brandon Heath had no way to deal with her. 
Because he knew in his heart that he was the one who caused this "accident" in the first place. 
So, he had to take responsibility for it. 
"Brandon Heath, you’re so unfair." Aria Rowlett was not afraid of his threats at all. Pushed away by him, she immediately clung to him again, grabbing his arm. "You promised to let me kiss you, but now you won’t let me." 
"You’re a liar, a lying dog!" 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
He regretted for the 101st time that he had let Aria touch that bottle of red wine. 
Why did he think about having a drink with her at that time? 
Why didn’t he stop her when she finished the first glass and wanted to drink a second one? 
He really thought her alcohol tolerance could handle a whole bottle. 
"Hmph, Brandon Heath, don’t you like me anymore?" Aria Rowlett looked at the man’s unmoved expression, her heart full of grievance, her eyes turning red. "Do you regret it now? You don’t want to be my boyfriend anymore." 
Brandon Heath: "...I don’t."
###Chapter 1083: Chapter 1081: He Doubts, Did She Really Get Drunk?
"You do. You do!" Aria Rowlett felt even more wronged, sobbing, "You’re tired of me; you want to break up with me; you don’t love me anymore. All men are pigs! Why did your heart change so quickly? Why don’t you like me anymore?" 
"Wuuu, how can you not like me when I like you so much? How can you not like me!" 
Hearing the girl’s choking sobs, Brandon Heath lowered his head and saw her reddened eyes, his expression changing involuntarily. 
He quickly tried to explain, "Don’t think crazy thoughts. I have no regrets, nor do I want to break up with you." 
"Then you just don’t like me anymore!" The more Aria said, the more wronged she felt. Her eyes blinked, tears whirling in them. 
Seeing her red eyes, Brandon got flustered. 
He immediately said, "I don’t." 
"You just don’t like me anymore! You won’t even let me kiss you; you don’t like me!" Aria spoke while getting more and more upset, tears splashing onto her face. She suddenly pushed Brandon away, covering her own face, and cried. 
She cried heartbreakingly. 
While sobbing, she choked on her words and complained, "You’re a liar, a deceiver. I will never believe your words again." 
"Don’t cry." Brandon Heath had never comforted a girl before, let alone a girl who was crying in front of him. Seeing her tear-stained face, feeling helpless, he didn’t know what to do or how to console her. 
He reached out to wipe the girl’s tears off her face, afraid of being too rough, his touch was gentle and soft, his voice tender and sincere, "I didn’t lie to you. I said when we get home. Right now... we’re not home yet." 
The damp touch of her fingertips and the sight of her teary face gave him a strange feeling in his heart. 
He showed a tenderness he had never experienced before. 
A tenderness he had never discovered in himself. 
Aria cried for a while and then looked up at him doubtfully with teary eyes, "We... haven’t reached home yet?" 
"Hmm, we haven’t reached home yet." Seeing her swollen eyes from crying, Brandon sighed softly and continued to wipe her tears, "So don’t cry anymore. You’re a grown-up, don’t cry so easily." 
"So, will you kiss me when you’re home?" Aria was stubborn about this. 
Brandon Heath: "...Hmm." 
He began to doubt if she was actually drunk. 
Even when drunk, how could she remember everything so clearly? 
"Then call me Baby." 
"..." 
"Don’t you love me anymore?" 
"..." 
"You won’t even call me Baby; you don’t love me!" 
"..." 
"Wuuu, I knew it, you don’t like me anymore." 
Aria Rowlett pouted, her eyes reddening again, the tears welling up. 
Seeing her about to cry again, Brandon’s expression tightened, his lips moved, and he reluctantly said, "...Baby." 
All his patience in his twenties went towards a single person, Aria Rowlett.
Aria finally got her wish, and her face was filled with satisfaction and contentment. She wrapped herself around Brandon’s arm, gently swaying it while speaking in a coquettish tone, "I also want to hear Darling call me Baby." 
The driver in the front row: "..." 
He must be hallucinating. 
Definitely hallucinating.
###Chapter 1084: Chapter 1082: She Must Still Be Dreaming
Brandon Heath watches as someone becomes increasingly brazen, taking a deep breath, and asking the driver in the front seat with extreme forbearance, "Mr. Kelloway, how long until we get home?" 
The driver immediately responds, "Mr. Brandon, probably about ten more minutes." 
Brandon Heath’s face shows extreme forbearance as he takes another deep breath, "Speed up the car a little bit." 
* 
Six minutes later. 
Joanna is standing outside the building, waiting. 
As soon as the car comes to a stop, Joanna sees Brandon Heath carrying a woman out of the car. 
Joanna is shocked and is even more surprised to see who the woman in Brandon Heath’s arms is. 
An hour ago, Mr. Brandon called home, asking her to prepare a bowl of hangover soup in advance. 
So, when she just saw Mr. Brandon carrying a woman out of the car, she was shocked. 
She initially thought Mr. Brandon had brought another woman home with him. 
Unexpectedly, the person Mr. Brandon brought back is Ms. Aria. 
But didn’t Ms. Aria say she and Mr. Brandon were not together? 
So, what are these two doing now... 
Joanna kept her questions to herself, knowing that this is not the time to ask. 
"Mr. Brandon, is it Ms. Aria who got drunk?" Joanna looks at Aria Rowlett, who seems to be asleep in Brandon Heath’s arms, her eyes closed. 
Brandon Heath nods, "Is the hangover soup ready?" 
Aria Rowlett was making a fuss on the way home, and she finally quieted down and fell asleep just before they arrived. 
"It’s ready, I’ve been keeping it warm." Joanna follows Brandon Heath into the living room and immediately calls a maid over, instructing, "Quickly go to the kitchen and bring out the hangover soup, take it to Mr. Brandon’s room." 
As Brandon Heath is about to carry Aria Rowlett upstairs, he stops in his tracks and turns to look at Joanna with a frown, "Send the hangover soup to Ms. Aria’s room." 
Joanna is taken aback, understands his meaning, and immediately corrects herself, "Yes, I just misspoke. It should be sent to Ms. Aria’s room." 
Brandon Heath doesn’t say anything else, carrying the already sleeping Aria Rowlett towards the upstairs. 
* 
Brandon Heath walks very fast. 
The girl in his arms has a soft body, and a faint fragrance drifts into his nose from time to time. 
For the first time while sober, he is this intimate with a girl. 
Aside from feeling unaccustomed, there’s also a strange feeling lingering in his heart. 
He quickly enters the prepared room with her in his arms. 
After gently placing the girl on the bed, he is about to turn around and leave, but his arm is grabbed. 
He looks down, startled. 
The girl, who was sleeping with her eyes closed just a second ago, has already opened her eyes, and her gaze, filled with dazed watery light, is fixed on him. 
Brandon Heath didn’t expect her to wake up so quickly. 
After a moment of eye contact, he softens his voice like coaxing a child, "You’re awake. Does your head still hurt? I’ll get you the hangover soup, and once you drink it, you’ll feel much better." 
Having said that, he gently tugs at his arm. 
However, Aria Rowlett shows no intention of letting go. Having just woken up from sleep and still feeling the effects of the alcohol, she doesn’t know whether she is still dreaming. 
As she looks at the overly handsome and handsome face of the man in front of her, her eyes reveal an undisguised yearning. 
Mom, this man is really handsome. 
She must still be dreaming, right? 
So, since she’s dreaming, she can do whatever she wants in this dream, right? 
With that thought, Aria Rowlett reaches out her hand towards the man she has been longing for, and under Brandon Heath’s astonished gaze, she grabs his collar and forcefully pulls him onto the bed.
###Chapter 1085: Chapter 1083: His Taste Is As Wonderful As She Thought
She was drunk and not very strong. 
But Brandon Heath was caught off guard by her actions, and they ended up on the bed together. 
He fell onto the soft body of the girl. 
His face changed instantly, a hint of panic in his eyes, and he quickly tried to get up. 
Before he could, a pair of soft arms wrapped around his neck. 
Before Brandon could react, something even softer pressed against his lips. 
His movement to get up halted, and his body stiffened. 
Aria Rowlett did what she had always wanted to do but never had the courage. 
It was just a dream, after all, and she could do whatever she wanted in it. 
So, she was incredibly daring. 
She kissed Brandon Heath. 
His taste was as beautiful as she had imagined. 
His lips were soft and cool, and kissing them felt comfortable. 
Aria began with a shy lip-to-lip rub and after a while, unsatisfied, attempted to part his lips with her tongue. 
Brandon was stunned by her kiss. 
His mind went blank at first, and it took him a while to react. 
It wasn’t until Aria intensified her efforts and tried to take things further that he seemed to suddenly awaken from his dream and finally reacted. 
He reached out to push her away, but as his hand extended, his body stiffened again. 
His face grew harder to read. 
He took a deep breath, holding the little hand that had made its way into his shirt, and his lips tightened in restraint. 
A fine layer of sweat emerged on his forehead, beads running from his temple and slowly rolling down. 
A sudden, indescribable surge of heat surged within him. 
Being stopped by him, Aria struggled unhappily. 
As she struggled, her movements set off the heat inside Brandon’s body, making it increasingly unbearable for him. 
"Aria Rowlett." He held her down in embarrassment, his voice deep and hoarse, "What are you doing? Settle down and stop moving." 
"You really think I won’t do anything to you?" 
The moment her hand reached in, his body reacted. 
She awakened part of his body’s memory. 
He recalled the sensations of being with her that night. 
Once some memories are awakened, more and more continue to emerge, becoming uncontrollable. 
Brandon’s mind was filled with images from that night. 
Far from being suppressed, the heat inside him blazed even stronger, spreading from a certain point in his body to all his limbs. 
His whole body grew hot. 
"Then do whatever you want to me." Aria giggled, still believing she was dreaming, holding his neck and lowering his head for another kiss, "Brandon Heath, you can do whatever you want to me." 
Her soft, smooth hand slipped out from Brandon’s grasp and quickly made its way back into his shirt, shamelessly exploring his firm chest muscles. 
As she touched, she drooled, "Brandon Heath, I want to sleep with you." 
"You know, I’ve wanted to sleep with you for a long time." 
"From the moment I first saw you, I wanted to sleep with you." 
"Since we’re dreaming, will you let me sleep with you?" Aria asked as she worked on his shirt buttons. Owing to her intoxication, it took her a while before she undid a button. 
She complained to him coquettishly, "Your clothes are so hard to take off – could you do it yourself?"
###Chapter 1086: Chapter 1084: What did she see?
"Since I’m dreaming anyway, can you just let me sleep with you?" Aria Rowlett said as she reached to unbutton his shirt. Due to her drunken state, it took her a while to just unbutton one. 
Her whining complaint came next, "Your clothes are so hard to remove, can’t you just take it off yourself?" 
Brandon Heath’s body stiffened like a stone. 
However, his body wasn’t as hard as a stone, it was burning hot as if a layer of fire was covering his skin’s surface. 
His breathing started to lose its steadiness. Grabbing her small hand that was messing around on his body, he gritted his teeth, his voice deep and hoarse, grating slightly on the ears, "Aria Rowlett, you’re not dreaming, do you know what you’re doing?" 
"If you continue like this, I can’t guarantee what will happen next." 
"Do you really think I won’t touch you?" 
"Then don’t guarantee it." Aria looked at the solid and sexy muscles on the man’s chest with a predatory gaze. The hand that he had gripped managed to forcefully break free, and like a slippery fish, slipped back into his shirt collar. 
Then she touched the muscles on his chest that she had been eyeing for a long time. 
She thought the feeling under her hands was very good, so she rubbed it a few more times forcefully. 
A man’s breathing suddenly became hurried from above her head, along with his restrained panting. 
Aria Rowlett’s hand was placed on the warm and firm chest of the man, feeling the smooth and sleek muscle lines beneath her palm, she couldn’t help but marvel in her heart at the realism of this dream. 
It was so real that it didn’t feel like a dream. 
The feeling was extremely good. 
Her hand lingered on his chest for a while, then seemed unsatisfied, and began to move lower... 
"Aria Rowlett!" 
Brandon Heath had beads of sweat on his forehead. When Aria Rowlett’s hand had reached belt of his dress trousers, he took a deep breath, enduring as much as he could, he held her hand still, attempting to lift her off him when suddenly the room’s door was pushed open. 
"Mr. Brandon, the hangover soup..." 
The person who walked in was Ria. 
Since the door had not been fully closed, Ria didn’t knock and just walked in. 
As soon as she walked into the bedroom, she saw Aria Rowlett trying to undo Brandon Heath’s belt. 
Ria paused, her eyes wide open in surprise. Mid-sentence, she swallowed her words, shocked. 
What, what had she seen? 
She saw Mr. Brandon pressing Ms. Aria underneath him, and Ms. Aria’s hand was on Mr. Brandon’s belt... 
This was too explosive. 
Mr. Brandon was so impatient that he didn’t even shut the bedroom door, and... 
Gauging from Ria’s impression of Brandon Heath as a disciplined and serious man, seeing this scene right before her eyes was truly shocking. 
It seems like, she has interrupted Mr. Brandon. 
Surprised, Ria almost spilled the hangover soup from her hand. After a few moments of shock, she finally reacted and quickly turned around to leave. 
Even a woman her age felt slightly embarrassed thinking about the scene she’d just witnessed. 
"Mr. Brandon, I’m sorry I should have knocked first! I’ll leave now so as not to disturb you with Ms. Aria, you... continue!" 
After speaking, Ria quickly walked out. 
"Ria, no, this is a misunderstanding..." Brandon Heath tried to explain but before he could finish, Ria had already left the bedroom and even managed to close the door on her way out. 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
Underneath him, a certain annoying little creature was still struggling forcefully, attempting to use her other hand to remove his clothing.
###Chapter 1087: Chapter 1085: This is, a bit too fast, right?
No matter how composed and indifferent Brandon Heath was, he was still a normal man. 
Moreover, he was already interested in Aria Rowlett. 
He couldn’t withstand her continuous provocations. 
His body had already reacted, and the desire for her was intense. 
He had been restraining himself. 
There was a moment when he wanted to indulge himself once more. 
Anyway, it was her who took the initiative to provoke him. 
But in the end, reason triumphed over impulse, and he held back. 
He couldn’t touch her again until some things were clarified. 
That night, his impulsiveness was somewhat influenced by the drug. 
But now he was sober, and if he touched her under such circumstances, he would indeed be taking advantage of her. 
"Aria, you’re drunk, you don’t even know what you’re doing." Brandon Heath tightened his face, grabbing her other hand that was making trouble, quickly got off the bed after turning over and getting out from under her. 
As soon as he let go, Aria Rowlett stretched out her hand towards him, complaining discontentedly, "Darling, don’t go. Come back, I want to hug you, kiss you..." 
After getting off the bed, Brandon Heath immediately turned around and walked towards the bedroom door. 
His footsteps were urgent and fast, as if someone was chasing him from behind. 
He didn’t hesitate for a moment, nor did he look back. 
When he walked out of the bedroom, he could still hear the girl’s cries and noises coming from inside. 
He frowned, standing outside the bedroom for a while, tidying his clothes and hair, and after making sure there was no problem, he turned around and headed downstairs. 
When he got downstairs, Ria saw him coming down and looked at him with surprise and astonishment, then her eyes revealed a worried expression. 
No way. 
Mr. Brandon seemed to be in good physical condition. 
It couldn’t be over so soon, could it? 
It had only been a few minutes... 
That was too quick. 
Her darling was almost perfect in every aspect, so if there was a problem with the most important aspect of being a man, it would be too devastating. 
"Sir, why did you come down so quickly?" Ria was so surprised that she couldn’t help but ask the doubts in her heart. 
Just as she asked, she immediately realized that she seemed to have asked a question that shouldn’t be asked. 
This matter must have severely affected Mr. Brandon, and he must have been feeling terrible inside. 
If she continued to question him like this, wouldn’t it hurt him even more? 
Ria immediately regretted it. 
She wanted to say something to make amends but couldn’t think of what to say for a moment. 
"Sir, I... I didn’t mean that." She blushed with anxiety, "I... I just..." 
Brandon Heath didn’t expect to have so many thoughts in Ria’s heart. Thinking of the little girl upstairs, he frowned with a headache: "Ria, please bring the hangover soup upstairs and feed her. She’s drunk and emotionally unstable now. Stay in her room and take care of her." 
"Leave when she falls asleep." 
Ria was stunned, "Sir, what about you?" 
Brandon Heath rubbed his brow, "I’ll be in the study dealing with some matters. Anyway, watch over her, and if anything happens, come find me in the study." 
After saying that, he turned and left. 
As Ria watched him walk towards the upstairs, his tall and straight silhouette seemed to reveal a touch of loneliness, and her eyes once again showed a worried emotion. 
It seemed that Mr. Brandon was so devastated that he didn’t even want to face Ms. Aria...
###Chapter 1088: Chapter 1086: My Name Is Cody Aberton, Accompanying You Together
He went into the study to hide. 
It seemed that this matter really had a significant impact on Mr. Brandon. 
True. 
Anything that would affect a man’s dignity and pride was important. 
No matter how excellent or talented a man was, if he was weak in this aspect, it would be considered a significant flaw. 
Mr. Brandon was a perfectionist, demanding excellence in everything, others, and himself. 
One could imagine how much this issue affected him. 
If it were something else, she could comfort him. 
But she couldn’t even mention this matter, let alone console him. 
She could only hope that Mr. Brandon would not avoid treatment and consult a doctor as soon as possible. 
He was still young... 
He could find the best doctor for his treatment. 
As long as he didn’t prioritize his pride and was willing to see a doctor, everything would still be manageable. 
However, how could she persuade him to see a doctor without hurting his ego? 
Ria didn’t know that after Brandon went upstairs, he didn’t go to the study. 
Instead, he went to a guest room and took a half-hour cold shower. 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna booked a flight to Frankfurt, but when she woke up, she received a message from Gary White on Twitter. 
Since the new male lead hadn’t been chosen yet, the whole film crew continued their break. 
The shooting would resume later, depending on his notice. 
Ashton walked out of the bathroom and saw her holding her phone in a daze. He went to the bedside and rubbed her head gently: "What are you looking at? You seem so lost." 
Joanna looked up at him, covered her mouth, yawned, and smiled, "Mr. White sent me a message saying that they can’t start shooting yet, so I can continue my break." 
"Oh?" 
Hearing that Gary White had sent her a message, Ashton’s eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
Then, realizing she didn’t have to fly to Frankfurt to shoot the film today, his lips curled up in a pleased smile, "So you don’t have to go to Frankfurt anymore?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, uncertainty crossing her face. After a few seconds, she looked at Ashton and spoke softly, "I’ve already booked my ticket. Although I don’t have to shoot the film now, I want to go see Maddox." 
"He’s still in the hospital, and I don’t know what his condition is now."
"You want to see Maddox?" Ashton’s relaxed eyebrows furrowed again. 
Joanna knew he cared about Maddox, but she nodded anyway, "Yes, I want to see him. Can I come back to see him?" 
The man frowned again, clearly unhappy. 
However, after a moment of silence, he nodded, "Alright, he’s your benefactor. You should go see him. But I’m afraid the reporters might be lurking around the hospital. You might be discovered if you go there. You can go, but someone has to accompany you." 
Ashton thought for a moment, then said, "I’ll ask Cody to go with you." 
This way, he would know every move Maddox made. 
Joanna: "...Is that necessary? Cody always accompanies you to help with your work, right? If he goes with me, will it affect your work?" 
"It’s just one day; it won’t have much of an impact." 
The large Heath Group wouldn’t grind to a halt without an assistant. 
However, Cody was indeed very important to him. 
Many people could do the job, but none could match Cody’s meticulousness and thoughtfulness or the partnership between them.
###Chapter 1089: Chapter 1087: Even if he doesn’t like her anymore, he can’t offend her
Actually, without Cody, it did have an impact on his work. 
However, if it was just for a day or two, he could bear it. 
"It’s settled, then. I’ll have Cody accompany you. He’s my most capable assistant, and he’s always reliable in handling matters. I can only rest assured if he’s with you." Ashton Heath decided the matter without giving her any chance to hesitate. 
After speaking, he called Cody and told him the situation. 
Although Joanna felt that he was exaggerating, she didn’t refuse any further. 
If doing so would make him feel at ease, then she would follow his wishes. 
After all, for her, it didn’t matter whether Cody accompanied her or not. 
As long as he didn’t think it would affect his work. 
* 
A few hours later. 
Under Cody’s company, Joanna arrived in Frankfurt. 
Ashton had arranged for someone to pick them up upon arrival. After they got off the plane, they were sent directly to the hospital. 
It seemed that Ashton was really afraid that she would be discovered by reporters. 
Not only had he arranged for someone to pick them up and take them to the hospital, but he also had the hospital arrange someone to welcome them. 
The dean personally welcomed them and they entered the hospital through the back door. 
After understanding Maddox Allenson’s situation with the dean, they arrived at Maddox’s hospital room, where they encountered Mike just coming out. 
As soon as Mike saw Joanna, he frowned. 
However, considering her relationship with Ashton, even if he was unhappy, he had to suppress it. 
Many resources for Maddox’s comeback would still depend on Mr. Ashton Heath. 
Joanna was now Ashton Heath’s girlfriend. 
Even if he didn’t like her, he couldn’t afford to offend her. 
Nothing was more important than his Little Tutu’s future and career. 
After weighing the pros and cons, Mike took the initiative to greet her, "Hello, Ms. Joanna. Are you here to see Little Tutu?" 
"Yes." Joanna knew that Mike didn’t like her, so she didn’t beat around the bush and asked directly, "Is Mr. Allenson resting? Can we go in and see him?" 
Mike hesitated for a moment and then nodded, "He just woke up a while ago, go ahead." 
As he spoke, he turned his head to look at Cody, who was standing beside Joanna, and asked with confusion, "Ms. Joanna, who is this gentleman...?" 
"Hello, my name is Cody Aberton." Before Joanna could introduce him, Cody reached out and said, "I’m President Ashton’s assistant. This time, President Ashton specifically asked me to accompany Ms. Joanna here."
"So, it’s Cody." Mike also reached out his hand and half-jokingly said, "President Ashton doesn’t trust Ms. Joanna that much? Is he afraid she’ll be bullied here?" 
Cody smiled, "Ever since the last incident, President Ashton has been worried about Ms. Joanna traveling alone. Speaking of which, it was thanks to Mr. Allenson that Joanna was safe and sound during that incident. President Ashton is very grateful and considers Mr. Allenson her benefactor. He will definitely repay him well on Joanna’s behalf." 
Mike was a smart man. 
How could he not hear the other meaning in Cody’s words? 
He had already met Ashton Heath twice, and while they weren’t close, he had a basic impression of him. 
That was a man with a strong possessiveness and a domineering personality. 
He probably saw through Little Tutu’s intentions. 
That’s why he sent his assistant to accompany them this time. 
These words spoken by the assistant might be what he meant.
###Chapter 1090: Chapter 1088: How Did You Get Here?
With that in mind, Mike smiled at Cody Aberton and said, "President Ashton is too polite. Although our Little Tutu and Ms. Joanna don’t have much of a relationship and rarely interact in the film crew, they are still colleagues." 
"In that situation, how could Little Tutu just stand by and watch Ms. Joanna get hurt? Even if it wasn’t Ms. Joanna, if it were someone else from the film crew, he would have done the same. Our Little Tutu has always been a warm-hearted and kind-hearted child." 
With these two sentences, he made the relationship between Joanna and Maddox Allenson clear. 
They were just ordinary acquaintances. 
Although he was speaking to Cody, in fact, he was speaking for Ashton Heath to hear. 
His Little Tutu needed the help of that Ashton Heath man very much. 
He couldn’t let this matter affect Little Tutu’s future career. 
Cody instantly understood. 
He hooked his lips and nodded, "Mr. Allenson is really a good person." 
Mike: "..." 
* 
When Joanna walked into the hospital room, she saw Maddox reading a book. 
Upon hearing footsteps, he raised his head. 
When he saw that it was Joanna, he was clearly surprised. 
Joanna walked to the bedside with the flowers she bought, bent down to insert them into the vase on the bedside cabinet, and then greeted him, "Mr. Allenson, I hope I’m not disturbing your rest." 
Maddox stared at her for a while before coming back to his senses, "I just woke up a while ago. Why are you here?" 
"I wanted to see how you are now." Knowing Maddox’s feelings for her, Joanna always felt a little uneasy when she saw him again. 
Especially when the two were alone in a room. 
After some casual conversation, she didn’t know what else to say. 
"Mr. Allenson, how are you feeling? Does the wound on your hand still hurt?" Joanna looked at his injured hand, the burn on the back of it was still startling. 
She couldn’t help but feel guilty in her heart. 
If it wasn’t for her, how could he have suffered like this? 
Even though he didn’t say anything, she knew that with the hand corroded like that, the wound must be very painful. 
Maddox saw her guilt and remorse and smiled easily, "It’s much better now, and the wound doesn’t hurt much. In a few more days, I’ll be discharged from the hospital."
"Ms. Joanna, I’m glad you came to see me. You really don’t have to worry about me, I’m fine." 
The more he said this, the more guilty Joanna felt. 
But she didn’t know what else to say to him. 
For a moment, both seemed to be at a loss for words, silent and speechless. 
After a minute, Maddox finally spoke, "Ms. Joanna, regarding my fans’ behavior, I’m really sorry. I didn’t expect their reaction to be so intense, attacking you like that. If it has caused any impact on you, I apologize on their behalf." 
He was talking about the incident where his fans attacked her. 
It wasn’t possible for her to say that there was no impact at all. 
Her mentality hadn’t grown strong enough to ignore those attacks and insults. 
But there was a reason for it. 
The fans were just too worried and heartbroken for their idol. 
Joanna felt that compared to Maddox’s injuries, the attacks she suffered weren’t that significant. 
"Mr. Allenson, you don’t have to apologize to me. The fans’ actions are not something you can control. And they were just too heartbroken for you, I understand. Besides, that matter has been resolved, so you don’t have to worry about it anymore."
###Chapter 1091: Chapter 1089: Actually, I’m Already Married
Maddox Allenson listened to her words, lowered his gaze, and fell silent for a while before nodding. 
Joanna Lawrence talked to him about more plans and intentions for the future. 
About half an hour later, she was ready to leave. 
"Ms. Joanna, can I ask you a rather personal question?" 
Joanna Lawrence had already walked to the door when Maddox suddenly called out to her. 
Joanna Lawrence stopped, turned back, and looked at him puzzled: "What do you want to ask me, Mr. Allenson?" 
Maddox hesitated for several seconds before meeting her gaze and asking softly, "Ms. Joanna, is your boyfriend... good to you? Are you happy with him?" 
Joanna Lawrence was a bit surprised, "Mr. Allenson..." 
Maddox immediately said, "If Ms. Joanna doesn’t want to answer, you can pretend I didn’t ask." 
Joanna Lawrence thought it was a good opportunity to clarify things with him. 
If he really had any intentions for her, he could give up as soon as possible. 
After contemplating for a moment, she asked, "Mr. Allenson, do you want the truth?" 
Maddox Allenson: "Of course." 
Joanna Lawrence smiled, nodded, and continued: "He is very good to me, very good. I am also very happy, very lucky to be with him. There is something that even my agent doesn’t know, but I think Mr. Allenson will definitely keep it a secret for me, so I’ve decided to tell you." 
"Mr. Allenson, I am actually married. My boyfriend is my husband. Because I have signed a contract with the company, our relationship cannot be made public for the time being." 
Maddox’s face changed suddenly, staring at her in disbelief:"You are already married?" 
"Yes." Joanna Lawrence nodded, her gaze calm. 
Maddox Allenson remained silent with that astonished expression for a long, long time. 
His pale face grew even paler. 
* 
After seeing Maddox Allenson, Joanna flew back to Closia. 
After getting off the plane, she followed Cody Aberton to Heath Group. 
When she arrived at Heath Group, she found out that Ashton Heath was not in the company, but was out discussing business with others. 
Joanna Lawrence waited for him in his office. 
She woke up early in the morning and flew back and forth for several hours. While waiting, she fell asleep in the office. 
When she woke up again, she found herself sleeping in a small bed in the resting room. 
She knew that Ashton Heath had returned. 
This nap lasted for over three hours, and she felt much refreshed after waking up. 
She walked out of the resting room and saw Ashton Heath sitting at his desk, his eyes focused on the computer screen, his fingers tapping quickly on the keyboard. 
He was obviously working very seriously. 
But as soon as Joanna Lawrence walked out of the resting room, Ashton turned his head, gazing straight at her. Before speaking, there was a pampering smile in his eyes: "Baby, you’re awake. Did you sleep well?" 
Joanna Lawrence walked towards him. 
When she was still half a meter away, Ashton reached out and pulled her into his arms. 
She stumbled onto the man’s lap, his sturdy arm wrapped around her waist. 
Before she could say anything, he grabbed her chin and kissed her. 
His warm and moist lips pressed against hers, kissing slowly and lingeringly, with gentle tenderness. 
The kiss was not intense at all. 
Joanna Lawrence felt her body soften into his arms, and a faint moan escaped from her lips. 
Her eyes had been closed, forced to bear it, but gradually she began to respond.
Ashton Heath kissed her for several minutes before ending the kiss with a hint of reluctance. 
He was afraid that if he continued, he would want more than just kisses from her.
###Chapter 1092: Chapter 1090: She Still Feels Sad in Her Heart
Maddox Allenson listened to her words, lowered his eyes and fell silent for a while, and then nodded. 
Joanna Lawrence continued to chat with him about some future plans and ideas. 
About half an hour later, she was ready to leave. 
"Ms. Joanna, may I ask you a more personal question?" 
Joanna had already reached the door when Maddox suddenly called out to stop her. 
Joanna stopped in her tracks, turned her head with a puzzled look, and asked: "What does Mr. Allenson want to ask me?" 
After hesitating for a few seconds, Maddox finally met her gaze and asked softly, "Ms. Joanna, is your boyfriend... good to you? Are you happy when you’re with him?" 
Joanna was a bit surprised: "Mr. Allenson..." 
Maddox immediately said, "If Ms. Joanna doesn’t want to answer, just pretend I never asked." 
Joanna felt it was a good opportunity to clear things up with him. 
If he really had any ideas about her, he could give up early. 
After thinking for a moment, she asked, "Mr. Allenson, do you want the truth?" 
Maddox: "Of course." 
Joanna smiled, nodded, and then continued, "He is very, very good to me, and when I am with him, I am very, very happy. Actually, there is something that even my agent doesn’t know, but I think Mr. Allenson will definitely keep it a secret for me, so I’ve decided to tell you." 
"Mr. Allenson, I’m actually already married. My boyfriend is my husband. Because I signed a contract with the company, our relationship cannot be made public for now." 
Maddox’s face suddenly changed, and he looked at her incredulously: "You’re already married?" 
"Yes," Joanna nodded, her gaze calm. 
Maddox’s shocked expression lingered for a long time without uttering a word. 
His already pale complexion seemed to turn even paler. 
* 
After seeing Maddox Allenson, Joanna took a flight back to Closia. 
After getting off the plane, she went to the Heath Group with Cody Aberton. 
When she arrived at the Heath Group, she discovered that Ashton Heath was not in the company but had gone out to talk to someone. 
Joanna then waited for him in his office. 
She got up early in the morning and flew for several hours back and forth. While waiting, she fell asleep in the office. 
When she woke up again and opened her eyes, she found herself sleeping on the small bed in the rest area. 
She knew then that Ashton had returned. 
This nap lasted more than three hours, after which she felt much more refreshed. 
She walked out of the resting area and saw Ashton sitting at his desk, staring intently at the computer screen, his fingers flying across the keyboard. 
He was clearly working very hard. 
However, as soon as Joanna stepped out of the resting area, he turned his head and looked directly at her. Before saying anything, a pampering smile appeared in his eyes, "Baby, you’re awake. Did you sleep well?" 
Joanna walked towards him. 
When she was still half a meter away from him, he reached out and pulled her into his arms. 
She stumbled into the man’s embrace, his strong arms wrapping around her waist. 
Before she could say anything, he pinched her chin and kissed her. 
A few minutes later. 
Joanna lay in his arms, gently gasping for breath, her face tinged with a touch of crimson. 
Ashton straightened her hair and stroked her blushing cheeks, speaking softly, "I’ve almost finished with the things at hand. How do you want to spend the evening?" 
Joanna glanced at the time, and it was still early. 
"Why don’t we pick up Jeremy and have dinner together?" Joanna hadn’t seen Jeremy for a while, and she missed him. 
Ashton nodded, "Okay, let’s pick up Jeremy first. I haven’t seen him for a while either." 
Ashton really liked his little brother-in-law, Jeremy. Although his fondness for Jeremy had something to do with Joanna, Jeremy himself was also very likable. 
Once they had decided on this, Joanna sent a Twitter message to Jeremy. 
* 
Jeremy usually stayed at school. 
Because Joanna went to Frankfurt for the film shooting, even though he had his own room at Ashton’s place, he still stayed at school on weekends and didn’t go to Ashton’s. 
Although Ashton was already his brother-in-law, 
the time Jeremy spent with him was short after all. 
Upon receiving Joanna’s Twitter message, Jeremy was overjoyed. 
He hadn’t seen Joanna in a while, and he missed his sister deeply. Even though they hadn’t been apart for very long, he still longed for her. 
After the two of them had agreed on a time, Jeremy went back to his dormitory, changed his clothes, and went to the school gate to wait in advance. 
While he was waiting, a black Bentley slowly pulled up next to him. 
Seeing the black Bentley beside him, Jeremy’s face changed slightly. 
Soon, he saw a familiar petite figure emerge from the doorway and walk toward the parked black Bentley. 
When the petite figure caught sight of Jeremy standing on the roadside, she paused her steps, locking eyes with him for a few seconds before continuing forward. 
Jeremy wanted to turn away and leave, but his feet felt rooted to the ground, unable to move. 
As the petite figure passed by him, he straightened his body, clenching his fists at his sides. 
He averted his gaze, deliberately not looking at her while casting his eyes on the bustling street instead. 
Yet even so, her figure still lingered in his peripheral vision. 
He couldn’t help but pay attention to her. 
"Jeremy," 
the petite figure passing by suddenly stopped and called out to him softly. 
Jeremy’s body instantly tensed up. 
His heart raced for a moment. 
He took a deep breath, tightened his fists, and reluctantly turned around. 
Regina Kelloway stood not far from him, silently watching him. 
Jeremy looked up, met her gaze, and then said after a moment of silence, "Regina, is there something you need?" 
With a bitter smile on her lips at his address, Regina replied, "Nothing much, I just saw you and wanted to say hello. Where are you going? Do you want... me to take you there?" 
Jeremy hesitated before shaking his head in refusal. "Thanks, but my sister is coming to pick me up in a bit." 
"Is that so," Regina knew he probably wasn’t lying, but her heart still ached.
###Chapter 1093: Chapter 1091: Is It Wrong to Like Someone?
She had thought about giving up. 
She even made the decision to give up. 
Why should she keep pursuing someone who didn’t like her? 
Her self-proclaimed infatuation was nothing but annoying persistence in his eyes. 
She didn’t want to lose her last bit of self-esteem just because she liked someone. 
But giving up on someone she had liked for so many years was so hard. 
Every time she saw him, her heart would still waver, and she couldn’t help but pay attention to him. 
She felt pathetic. 
Regina Kelloway wasn’t so terrible that no one would ever like her or want her, so why did she continue to press her warm face against his cold ass? 
Why did she have to like someone who would never like her, no matter how hard she tried? 
She understood everything in her mind. 
But once they met, her emotions couldn’t help but be affected. 
His coldness and distance cut through her heart like a sharp blade, making her want to cry. 
Her eyes were already teary, but she would never cry in front of him. 
She was Regina Kelloway, Ms. Regina of the Kelloway family. 
She would not show her weakness in front of a man; she had done such a humiliating thing once, and that was enough. 
"Hmm." Jeremy Lawrence nodded indifferently, and stopped talking. 
Regina felt that since things had come to this point, she should leave. 
He clearly did not want to talk to her anymore. 
Her self-esteem and pride were telling her that she should leave immediately. 
She didn’t need to stay here and make herself seem annoying. 
But even though she knew all this rationally, her body didn’t listen to her. 
With a somewhat pale face, she looked at Jeremy Lawrence in silence for a while, as if her heart was in so much pain that she didn’t even feel it when her nails dug into her palm. 
She stared at him for a moment and pursed her lips: "Jeremy Lawrence, do you...hate me? Do you find me annoying when you see me?" 
Jeremy Lawrence was taken aback, and he furrowed his eyebrows lightly: "No, why would you think that?" 
He had never hated her. 
Regina’s lips were also a bit pale: "Really? Because I feel...that you hate me." 
Every time he saw her, he would pretend not to see her. 
Either that or he was very cold to her. 
He obviously wasn’t like this with other people. 
He was a very kind and sunny guy who got along well with every student in their class. 
Except for her... 
His attitude towards her was so cold that they didn’t even seem like the classmates who had been sitting at the same table for years, but rather, like strangers. 
Perhaps he wouldn’t even be so indifferent to strangers. 
She didn’t know what she had done wrong to make him treat her like this. 
Was it just because she liked him? 
Was it wrong to like someone? 
Did her affection for him really disgust him that much? 
Regina was the apple of her father Princeton and mother Lady Patrice’s eyes, and thanks to her status as Ms. Regina of the Kelloway family, she had always been treated and cherished by others. 
There were plenty of boys around her who would fawn on her. 
She didn’t know why she debased herself like this, ignoring all the people who treated her well, only to like someone who didn’t care about her at all.
"No." Even though Jeremy Lawrence didn’t want to give Regina any more hope, he didn’t want her to think he hated her either, "Regina, I don’t hate you. I never have, and I never will. Don’t think like that." 
"Then why are you so cold towards me?" 
Thinking of his indifference all this time, Regina’s heart felt aggrieved and hurt. Holding back her tears, she said, "Jeremy Lawrence, I know that you don’t like me.
###Chapter 1094: Chapter 1092: I Can Disappear in Front of You
"I also said that I will not bother you anymore, so you don’t have to deliberately avoid me. I do like you, but no matter how much I like you, I won’t go against your wishes to bother you. Even if we can’t be lovers, we can still be classmates, right?" 
"Do you know, you’re always so kind and friendly to everyone in our class. But you’re really cold towards me. I’ve thought more than once, did I do something wrong to make you hate me so much?" 
"Is it that I shouldn’t appear in front of you and upset you?" 
"If you’re really annoyed by me and afraid I’ll keep bothering you, I can transfer schools, Jeremy Lawrence." 
After saying this, Regina Kelloway felt a lot lighter all of a sudden. 
She had genuinely considered transferring schools. 
She wanted to forget Jeremy Lawrence, wanted to stop liking him...
But how could she forget him when he was always right in front of her? 
She thought that maybe she could forget him quickly if she never saw him again. 
If she transferred schools, if she and he were no longer in the same school or the same class. 
In the future, they would hardly have any chances to see each other, right? 
However, although this idea had occurred to her, she ultimately never made up her mind to do it. 
But now... 
As long as he said he didn’t like her, didn’t want to see her, she could go and arrange a transfer immediately. 
She could disappear from in front of him instantly. 
Jeremy Lawrence’s expression remained calm until he heard her talk about transferring schools, at which point his face couldn’t help but change. 
He pressed his lips together, and his hands hanging by his sides tightened. After a while, he asked her with a furrowed brow, "Regina Kelloway, are you going to transfer schools?" 
Jeremy Lawrence couldn’t quite describe what kind of feeling he had. 
When he heard Regina Kelloway say she wanted to transfer schools, his heart suddenly became a mess and he couldn’t help but feel panicked. 
But he didn’t even know what he was panicking about. 
Regina Kelloway smiled, but there was a touch of sadness in her eyes, "Jeremy, if you don’t want to see me, I can disappear from in front of you." 
"I never..." Jeremy Lawrence’s voice was a bit dry, "I’ve never said I hated you. Regina... you don’t need to do this. If I make you uncomfortable, and you don’t want to be in the same class as me, I can go to another class." 
"But you really don’t need to transfer schools." 
"If you really want to transfer, then let me go instead," Jeremy Lawrence looked at her, and said word by word, "I can transfer." 
Regina Kelloway was stunned and looked at him in bewilderment. 
Jeremy Lawrence also looked at her, and in the depths of his eyes, there was an emotion Regina Kelloway couldn’t understand swirling: "So Regina, you don’t need to transfer schools. If one of us has to leave, it should be me, not you." 
Regina Kelloway stared at him blankly, her lips moving, but she couldn’t say a word. 
She wanted to say something, but she couldn’t say anything. 
"Ms. Annie." 
At this moment, a middle-aged man’s voice came from behind her, respectfully saying, "Ms. Annie, it’s time for you to get in the car. You have to accompany your mother to a banquet later, and we can’t delay any longer." 
Regina Kelloway took a deep look at Jeremy Lawrence, her eyes reddening as she turned around and said to the driver behind her, "Okay, let’s go." 
After saying this, she followed the driver and walked away. 
Jeremy Lawrence watched her get into the black Bentley, and then watched as the black Bentley drove into the street before slowly taking his eyes back. 
Regina Kelloway was gone. 
But Jeremy Lawrence couldn’t stop the image of her red-rimmed eyes from appearing in his mind.
###Chapter 1095: Chapter 1093: His Illness Cannot Afford Large Emotional Fluctuations
With aggrieved and hurt eyes. 
For some reason, he felt as if his heart had been pricked by something, and a slight pain came from the position of his heart. 
He really wanted to tell her that he didn’t want to be indifferent to her.
His heart was not at ease treating her that way either. 
However, he didn’t want to give her any more hope. 
So he was nice to everyone else, only cold and distant towards her. 
And then, she thought he hated her. 
How could she know that if he really hated her, he wouldn’t even give her a chance to cling to him? 
He wouldn’t have let her cling to him for a whole three years. 
* 
Joanna saw her brother Jeremy standing at the school gate from a distance. 
Jeremy looked handsome, with fair skin, and appeared like a beautiful boy from a comic, very eye-catching. 
He was standing under a sycamore tree. 
In the evening, the breeze swept through, and the sunset glow sprinkled down. 
The delicate-faced, white-shirted young man standing under the tree had a slightly pale complexion, and because of his thin body, his white T-shirt seemed a bit oversized. 
But this did not diminish his outstanding appearance. 
Girls passing by him would blush and steal glances at him. 
Ashton also saw his own nephew. 
Seeing that every girl passing by Jeremy was sneakily looking at him, Ashton couldn’t help but joke, "It looks like Jeremy is very popular with the girls at school. Aren’t you worried he might fall in love too soon?" 
Joanna was of course clear about her brother’s charm. 
She had known that Jeremy was very popular at school. 
When the two of them were at the same school, before she graduated from that school, Jeremy was the heartthrob of the campus. 
How could he not be popular with girls? 
Back then, there were countless girls giving Jeremy love letters and bringing him breakfast. 
But she knew her brother very well. 
So she didn’t worry about Jeremy falling in love too soon. 
Moreover, if Jeremy really fell in love early, he would tell her. 
The two of them had no secrets in many things. 
And she never thought that Jeremy falling in love too soon would be an issue, as long as it didn’t affect his studies and the two people involved knew their boundaries. 
But Jeremy’s current situation was not suitable for dating. His illness couldn’t handle too much emotional ups and downs, and getting emotionally involved was the most likely thing to cause emotional instability. 
This would affect his health. 
"I’ve talked to Jeremy, and he won’t fall in love too soon right now. His health has just started to recover a little, and dating would affect him. He knows that," Joanna said, but in her heart, she was still a little worried. 
She didn’t know about Jeremy and Regina’s situation before. 
Now that she knew, she was worried. 
If Jeremy had no feelings for Regina, it wouldn’t matter. 
But judging from Jeremy’s state that day, it was clear that he had feelings for Regina. 
This made Joanna a bit uneasy. 
"Yes, Jeremy’s current state is not suitable for dating," Ashton, who knew about Jeremy’s illness, thought for a moment and said, "But don’t worry too much. In a while, we can have surgery for Jeremy. After the surgery, he can be like a normal person." 
"Really?" Joanna turned her head and looked at him with her black eyes, "After the surgery, can Jeremy really be like a normal person? Ashton, can you tell me the truth? Is there a high risk for Jeremy to have the surgery?" 
Just then, the red light turned on up ahead.</p
###Chapter 1096: Chapter 1094: Do You Want to Go Back with Me?
Ashton Heath parked the car and extended his hand to gently hold one of hers, reassuring her by rubbing her palm, "If it were anyone else performing surgery on Jeremy, I can’t guarantee how high the success rate would be, nor can I guarantee if there would be any risks. But since I’ll be the one doing it personally, I promise you there will be absolutely no risks." 
"I will make Jeremy a normal person. Trust me, baby." 
The lingering worry and anxiety in Joanna Lawrence’s heart gradually settled under his unwavering assurance. 
She believed him. 
If he said it would be fine, it would be absolutely fine. 
Thinking about how Jeremy could soon become just like everyone else and they would no longer have to worry about his heart problems, Joanna’s mood couldn’t help but improve significantly. 
She looked at the man beside her and showed a joyful smile, nodding, "Alright, Ashton Heath, I believe you." 
* 
Two minutes later. 
Ashton Heath’s car stopped in front of the Closia No.1 Middle School’s gate. 
Jeremy could recognize his car. 
As soon as the car stopped, Jeremy walked over. 
Seeing him coming, Joanna lowered the car window and waved from inside, "Jeremy, get in the car." 
After getting into the car, Jeremy obediently greeted his sister and then his brother-in-law. 
Ashton responded to him and gently said, "Your sister and I haven’t decided what to eat tonight yet. If there’s anything you want, just let us know, we’ll take you there." 
The senior high school Jeremy attended had a closed management system. 
Except for weekends, students were required to live on campus. 
Moreover, they were not allowed to leave the school during the stay. 
Normally, he would eat in the school cafeteria; although the food there wasn’t bad, eating the same thing every day could become tiresome. 
Finally having the chance to enjoy better food today, Jeremy didn’t hold back and directly requested a barbecue restaurant he had always wanted to try but never splurged on. 
The cost of dining at a barbecue restaurant would indeed be relatively high for most people. 
However, for Ashton Heath, it would naturally not be considered a luxury. 
He wasn’t particularly interested in barbecue. 
He thought it was unhealthy. 
But since his brother-in-law wanted to eat it, he was willing to accompany the two of them regardless of whether he liked it or not. 
Having decided on the dinner venue, he was about to have Cody Aberton reserve a table when a call from Lady Octavia arrived. 
After answering the call for a few minutes, Ashton frowned slightly and said, "We can’t go to the barbecue restaurant tonight; we’ll have to go another day instead." 
Jeremy understood and said, "Ashton, if you’re busy, take care of your business first. We can go to the barbecue place anytime." 
To him, Ashton was a man of great importance. 
Naturally, he had to prioritize his career first. 
He could understand that! 
"Is there anything going on?" Joanna also thought he had encountered some work issues and considerately said, "If you have work to do, go handle your business. It’s fine if Jeremy and I just have dinner together tonight." 
"It’s not about work." 
Ashton glanced at Jeremy through the rearview mirror before continuing, "It was my mom who just called, asking me to come home for dinner. Grandma hasn’t seen me for a few days and misses me." 
Upon hearing that it was Lady Octavia who called, Joanna fell silent for a moment. 
All the memories Joanna could associate with Lady Octavia were unhappy ones. 
Ashton was also aware that some of the things Lady Octavia did were excessive and had caused his wife a lot of unfair treatment. 
Seeing that Joanna had been silent for a while, he asked, "Do you want to come with me? Grandma hasn’t seen you for quite some time either, and she asked about you on the phone just now."
###Chapter 1097: Chapter 1095: With your brother-in-law Ashton around, don’t worry, Joanna
He knew that Joanna liked the Old Lady, so he brought her up. 
As expected, hearing the Old Lady asking about her, Joanna finally spoke up, "It’s been a while since I last saw Grandma, I miss her. I’ll go back with you then. But what about Jeremy..." 
Joanna couldn’t bear to leave Jeremy alone. 
"Sis, you don’t have to worry about me. Just go with your husband, I can eat by myself." Jeremy said sensibly. 
Even though they had a good relationship, he knew things were different now that his sister was married. 
She now had a husband, and her current family should be her priority. 
But the more sensible he was, the more reluctant Joanna was to leave him alone. 
It had been a while since they last met. 
Now that they had just reunited, they had to part ways again. 
She could hardly bear it. 
Ashton could see that Joanna was reluctant to part with Jeremy, so he thought about it and said, "Jeremy can come with us. Joanna and I are married now, so we’re all family. You haven’t met the rest of my family yet." 
Jeremy’s face changed immediately, "Brother-in-law, I’d rather not." 
He was incredibly nervous, "You really don’t need to worry about me, I’m used to being alone." 
Jeremy was instinctively afraid of meeting elders. 
And it was even more terrifying since it was his brother-in-law’s family. 
"You’re coming with us." Ashton’s strong-willed nature didn’t care whether Jeremy was willing or not, so he decided the matter, "You’ll have to go sooner or later anyway, might as well go early." 
"Brother-in-law, I, I..." Jeremy’s face turned a little pale, still wanting to refuse, "I don’t really need to go, I’m not prepared at all, I..." 
"You don’t need to prepare anything," Ashton looked at his stuttering, frightened appearance, and laughed. "It’s just a casual family dinner, just relax. Besides, what are you afraid of? My family isn’t a bunch of monsters, they won’t do anything to you." 
"With Joanna and me there, are you afraid someone will give you a hard time?" 
Jeremy: "...No." 
He was simply nervous and scared. 
He thought, considering his wealthy brother-in-law, they must not be an ordinary family. 
So his family members must not be ordinary people either. 
"Sis, do I really have to go?" Jeremy realized it was useless to tell Ashton he didn’t want to go, so he turned his pleading gaze to Joanna. 
Joanna didn’t expect Ashton to invite Jeremy along. 
She hesitated for a moment, then asked softly, "Is it okay for Jeremy to go with us?" 
"There’s nothing wrong with it," Ashton reached out to pat her head, "Our families will meet eventually. It’s just a dinner, don’t be too nervous, just relax." 
Joanna hesitated for a few more seconds before nodding, "Alright then." 
She turned to Jeremy and said, "Jeremy, you can go with us." 
Jeremy wailed, "Sis... " 
Joanna chuckled and looked at him, "With your brother-in-law here, you have nothing to worry about." 
Truthfully, Joanna didn’t really want Jeremy to accompany them. 
She wasn’t worried about anything else except that Lady Octavia might cause Jeremy to suffer. 
Lady Octavia didn’t like her, so naturally, she wouldn’t like Jeremy either. 
She could put up with some grievances at Lady Octavia’s hands, but she couldn’t bear to let Jeremy suffer as well. 
But Ashton was right too.
###Chapter 1098: Chapter 1096: So Rich that It Scares Him
They were married now - they were family. 
Jeremy Lawrence would sooner or later have to meet the other members of the Heath family. 
With Madam Heath present, Lady Octavia would restrain herself a bit; even if she felt uncomfortable, she shouldn’t show it too obviously. 
Upon thinking this, Joanna Lawrence felt slightly relieved. 
Anyhow, with Ashton Heath with them, he wouldn’t let the siblings be wronged. 
* 
An hour later, under Jeremy Lawrence’s stunned expression, Ashton Heath parked the car outside the main villa gate. 
Jeremy Lawrence looked at the White Castle in front of them, his voice trembling, "Joanna, Ashton, is this your house?" 
Ashton Heath turned off the engine and chuckled, "Yes." 
Jeremy Lawrence was shocked once again, his eyes wide. 
He asked Joanna Lawrence, "Joanna, is this really Ashton’s home?" 
Joanna Lawrence knew his feelings at the moment. 
She was in the same state of mind when she first followed Ashton Heath to the Heath Villa. 
She was shocked by the size and luxuriousness of the Heath Villa. 
"Yes, this is your brother-in-law’s home." Joanna looked back at him and laughed, "Your brother-in-law is a tycoon. It’s not like you don’t know that." 
Jeremy Lawrence: "..." 
Of course, he knew his brother-in-law was a tycoon. 
The first time they met, he gave him a watch worth several million dollars and a bank card with tens of millions of dollars, saying it was his allowance. 
Also, his brother-in-law’s garage was filled with luxury cars worth at least several million dollars each. 
Just those cars amounted to several hundred million dollars. 
His brother-in-law was not only rich, but also extremely rich. 
A super-rich tycoon. 
So Jeremy Lawrence had guessed Ashton Heath’s identity and knew that his brother-in-law’s family background must be extraordinary. 
However, he felt that he still underestimated the grandeur of his brother-in-law’s family background. 
This was the first time Jeremy Lawrence had a clear and specific concept of a real estate mansion. 
The Lawrence family used to be wealthy as well. 
Living in luxury houses and driving luxury cars. 
But that so-called luxury house of the Lawrence family was nothing compared to his brother-in-law’s. It wasn’t even qualified to be mentioned. 
Joanna didn’t just marry into a wealthy family. 
She married into a super wealthy family. 
Jeremy Lawrence was already very nervous and tense. Now, seeing the mansion, his legs softened with fear. 
He even had the idea of wanting to escape. 
Good heavens, his brother-in-law’s family was too rich. 
So rich that it scared him. 
He wondered how his sister met Ashton and how she ended up marrying him. 
He was really curious! 
Tedd was waiting outside early. 
Ashton Heath got out of the car first, and then waited by the side for Joanna Lawrence to get out. After helping her out, he waited for Jeremy Lawrence in the back seat to come out. 
A few seconds later, Jeremy Lawrence got out of the car. 
Tedd had just greeted someone and saw Jeremy Lawrence coming out of the back seat. He hesitated for a moment but quickly reacted. 
He smiled and asked, "This gentleman must be Ms. Joanna’s brother, right? Mr. Lawrence, hello, I am the housekeeper of the Heath Villa. You can call me Tedd." 
While talking, Tedd couldn’t help but take a few more looks at Jeremy Lawrence. 
He looked at Jeremy, and then at Ashton Heath, secretly surprised in his heart: Ms. Joanna’s brother actually looks a bit like Mr. Ashton. 
Their eyebrows, eyes, and noses were quite similar. 
When he looked at Joanna, on the other hand, she didn’t look so much like her brother. 
Although the siblings were both extremely good-looking, their facial features indeed didn’t share much resemblance.
###Chapter 1099: Chapter 1097: Who is Ashton, Joanna’s brother-in-law?
I guess one looks like their father and the other looks like their mother. 
No matter who they resemble, it is clear that their family has good genes, and their parents must be a combo of a handsome man and a beautiful woman. 
Ms. Joanna’s brother is very good-looking, and his appearance is outstanding, but his complexion does not seem to be very good. 
He looks sickly. 
Jeremy immediately greeted Tedd, "Tedd, hello, I’m Jeremy." 
Tedd couldn’t help but take another glance at him and said with a smile, "The kitchen is preparing dinner. Mr. Lawrence, is there anything you can’t eat so that I can inform the chefs?" 
This Mr. Lawrence really resembles Mr. Ashton. 
At a glance, they look like brothers. 
However, he thinks Jeremy looks even more like Sir Damien. 
If Jeremy and Ashton look three to four parts alike, then he and Sir Damien have seven to eight parts of similarity. 
If Sir Damien saw him, he would definitely be surprised. 
His eyes are identical to Sir Damien’s. 
Jeremy was a little flattered to hear Tedd say this and immediately responded, "I can eat anything, there’s no need to accommodate my diet." 
"That’s good." 
Tedd smiled and then respectfully said to Ashton Heath, "Mr. Ashton, Madam Heath and Lady Octavia are waiting." 
Ashton nodded, lowering his head to Joanna Lawrence, "Let’s go in then." 
* 
The trio walked into the grand hall. 
Jeremy originally thought that what he had seen previously was enough to shock him. 
But he didn’t expect the more shocking parts to come. 
He looked at the luxurious hall in front of him, reminiscent of a palace, and couldn’t come back to his senses for a long time. 
He had only seen the concepts of luxury houses on TV or in some magazines, so he wasn’t sure what a real luxury house would look like. 
Now, he saw it. 
The scene was much more shocking than he could have ever imagined. 
Although the Lawrence family can be considered a wealthy family by ordinary people, Jeremy felt that it could not be compared to his brother-in-law’s family. 
The two families were not on the same level. In comparison, the Lawrence family seemed like a slum. 
He was now especially curious. 
Who exactly is his brother-in-law? 
With so much wealth, his brother-in-law must have a certain status and power in Closia. 
But why hasn’t his sister ever mentioned anything about her husband’s identity? 
Could it be that his sister didn’t know who her husband really was? 
Jeremy, who was already very nervous, saw Madam Heath and Lady Octavia sitting in the living room and became even more nervous, not even daring to breathe. 
His six-foot-tall figure was hunched behind Joanna, with his head down, looking like he just wanted to dig a hole in the ground and hide in it. 
"Joanna, you’re finally back." 
The moment Joanna entered the hall, she was greeted warmly by Madam Heath, who was then helped to stand up by her maids. 
Supported by her maids, she slowly walked up to Joanna and Ashton. 
Without even glancing at her own grandson, she grabbed Joanna’s hand and started chatting warmly, "Ashton told me you were away for film shooting, how was it? Did you get used to it there? Did you get along well with your colleagues, and no one bullied you, right?" 
Madam Heath didn’t really like Joanna’s current career. 
But her love for her was genuine. 
Originally, Joanna’s appearance was the kind that would appeal to her elders. Because of her family status and Rebecca Kelloway, Lady Octavia didn’t like her.
###Chapter 1100: Chapter 1098: An Old, A Young, Singing in Harmony
As for those things Lady Octavia cared about, Madam Heath didn’t seem to mind. 
She believed as long as her grandson liked it, it was good enough. 
As long as the girl wasn’t a mess, she could accept her. 
Furthermore, Joanna Lawrence was always sweet in her presence. 
So, Madam Heath was quite pleased with this beautiful and sweet-talking granddaughter-in-law. 
Compared to Madam Heath, Lady Octavia, who was still sitting, had no expression on her face, this time, she didn’t even show the most basic polite smile. 
When she looked at Joanna, her eyes were full of disgust and dissatisfaction. 
She truly did not understand how Madam Heath, a person so astute, could be deceived by a young girl. 
Madam Heath was a person who valued matching in social and economic status. 
Now, she did not even care about Joanna’s lowly origins. 
She even said it didn’t matter where one came from, as long as her grandson liked it. 
If origin didn’t matter, why didn’t she marry that poor boy back then, instead of Sir Heath, who matched her socio-economic status? 
She insisted on matches of social status for herself, but when it came to her grandson, she was not particular at all. 
Every time she remembered Joanna demanding all stocks of the Heath Group in return for divorcing Ashton Heath, she would be filled with rage. 
Such a greedy and covetous woman was not suitable for her beloved son! 
Seeing how Madam Heath and Ashton both treated Joanna like a treasure, she became more infuriated the more she thought about it. She blurted out in jealousy, "Mom, don’t worry about her. Who dares to bully her? Your grandson treats her like a treasure. How could she be aggrieved by others?" 
Madam Heath detected the sarcasm in her words but acted as if she had not heard it. She glanced at her and said with a smile, "Isn’t that right? Joanna is Ashton’s precious baby. If he lets others bully his wife, then he’s not a good husband." 
"Furthermore," Madam Heath continued, seemingly oblivious to Lady Octavia’s darkening face. "Joanna is a daughter-in-law of the Heath family. If anyone dares to bully her, I will be the first to stand up for her. It would be a joke if members of the Heath family are bullied by others." 
The moment Madam Heath finished speaking, Ashton agreed, "Grandma’s right, that’s exactly how it should be." 
Old and young were in harmony with each other. 
And they were all siding with Joanna. 
Lady Octavia was so furious that her face turned black. She felt like an outsider in her own family. 
She was filled with rage, but in front of Madam Heath, she didn’t dare to vent her anger. 
In this house, the person she was most afraid of was Madam Heath. 
With Madam Heath’s presence, she had to suppress her anger. 
"Oh, by the way, Joanna, Ashton told me your younger brother is here too." Madam Heath didn’t pay much attention to Lady Octavia. After a few words with her, she turned her gaze to Jeremy Lawrence, who was standing behind Joanna. 
After taking a good look, she smiled and said, "The handsome young man behind you, is he your younger brother?" 
Hearing Madam Heath’s question, Joanna pulled the timid Jeremy from behind her, "Grandma, this is my younger brother Jeremy Lawrence. He’s two years younger than me and is still in senior high school. Jeremy, this is Grandma. Quickly say hi to Grandma." 
Jeremy was initially a bit scared and nervous. 
But when he met Madam Heath’s warm and loving gaze, he felt a lot less nervous and wasn’t that scared anymore.
###Chapter 1101: Chapter 1099: Jeremy, this child looks like your Uncle Damien, huh?
Madam Heath didn’t seem like a difficult person to get along with. 
His face reddened a bit, and he opened his mouth, softly calling out, "Grandma." 
Old Madam smiled contentedly and looked at him warmly for a moment before revealing a surprised expression. "Ashton, have you noticed that Jeremy looks like your Uncle Damien?" 
"Wow, their eyes and eyebrows are exactly the same." 
Ashton Heath had already noticed this and nodded. "Yeah, Jeremy does look a bit like my uncle." 
"A bit? It’s more than that!" Madam Heath became more surprised as she looked at Jeremy. "He looks almost exactly like your uncle. If someone told me he was your uncle’s son, I would have no trouble believing it." 
Sir Damien was Madam Heath’s second son. 
She knew very well what he looked like when he was young. 
The boy called Jeremy Lawrence looked as if he were molded after her second son when he was young. 
The only difference was that he appeared skinnier and a bit frail. 
If he gained a few more pounds, they would look almost identical. 
It wasn’t uncommon for people to bear a family resemblance. 
But it was relatively rare for people to look as if they were made from the same mold. 
"Yes, indeed, Madam Heath," Tedd chimed in. 
"When I first saw Mr. Lawrence, I was shocked too. He really does look a lot like Sir Damien," Tedd said. 
"It’s a pity that Damien isn’t at home," Madam Heath sighed, looking at Jeremy. "Otherwise, he would be even more surprised than I am. Joanna, is it that one of you looks like your father, and the other like your mother?" 
Madam Heath knew that Joanna had a younger brother. 
When she found out that Joanna was marrying Ashton Heath, she had someone investigate Joanna’s background, so she had some understanding of her family. 
But Madam Heath didn’t know what Jeremy looked like. 
Now that she saw that the siblings didn’t resemble each other, she couldn’t help but ask curiously. 
Generally speaking, even if siblings took after different parents, there would still be some similarities between them. 
But these two didn’t seem to have any resemblances at all. 
Both were good-looking, but they didn’t seem related. 
Joanna was at a loss for words when asked by Madam Heath. 
It seemed that more than once, people had said she and Jeremy didn’t look alike. 
Others had also asked the same question as Madam Heath. 
It seemed that neither she nor Jeremy took after their father Benjamin or mother Madelyn. 
Annie, on the other hand, somewhat resembled her father. 
"I guess so," Joanna hesitated for a few seconds without being completely honest with Madam Heath. 
It wasn’t that she wanted to hide anything. 
She just didn’t know what to say. 
It would be strange if she told the truth, wouldn’t it? 
Who would they resemble if they didn’t take after their father or mother? 
"Well, both your parents must have been very good-looking," Madam Heath said with a smile. "You and your brother were both born with stunning looks. Jeremy even looks like one of the kids from our Heath family. This must be fate that you two are connected with our family." 
Because Madam Heath liked Joanna, she also thought highly of Jeremy. 
Now that Jeremy resembled her second son, her affection and love for him grew. 
Madam Heath looked at Jeremy as if he were her own grandson. 
The more Madam Heath showed her fondness and satisfaction for the Lawrence siblings, the more suffocated Lady Octavia felt. 
At first, she was displeased with Joanna, and now, she couldn’t stand Jeremy either.
###Chapter 1102: Chapter 1100: Madam Heath’s Favoritism
Even when Joanna Lawrence brought Jeremy Lawrence over for dinner, Lady Octavia suspected Joanna had some ulterior motive. 
By bringing a brother who strongly resembled the second son of Heath family, was she trying to win the affection of Madam Heath and thus secure her standing in the family? 
Since Lady Octavia had had a previous conversation with Joanna, she felt threatened. 
Regardless, Lady Octavia had already pegged Joanna as a manipulative woman. 
So anything Joanna did was seen as calculating and purposely done in her eyes. 
Lady Octavia sat next to them with a cold face, not saying a word. 
Regardless of what tricks Joanna might pull, Lady Octavia was determined to drive this crafty woman out of the Heath family. 
"Octavia." 
Madam Heath turned around only to see Lady Octavia’s cold face, she frowned slightly, her voice ringing with displeasure, "When Ashton’s not home, you’re always thinking of him. Now that our son and his wife are back, why are you all silent like a clam, not saying a word?" 
"We’re having a joyful family gathering here. Why are you wearing such a grim face? Who upset you that you choose to express your displeasure now?" 
Madam Heath was unreservedly harsh when rebuking Lady Octavia. 
Showing her no face. 
Publicly admonished, Lady Octavia felt a loss of face, her face darkened. 
But she dare not refute Madam Heath. 
Wearing a wronged look of a vulnerable wife, she said, "Mom, I’m not grimacing. I just don’t know what to say when I see you all chatting so happily." 
Madam Heath snorted, "I don’t care what you’re thinking. Since my grandson and granddaughter-in-law are back, you must not grimace at me. If you feel aggrieved or uncomfortable staying here, you can go back to your room." 
"No one here likes to see your grim face." 
Lady Octavia pursed her lips, her face steely. 
She felt aggrieved and enraged inside. 
She was biased, she thought. Madam Heath was especially severe on her as a daughter-in-law, but was simply too nice to Joanna. 
As if she’s her own granddaughter. 
Even when Joanna went shooting for a film, she didn’t . 
Yet Madam Heath used to tell her that women’s job is to stay home as good wives and mothers and to avoid unnecessary exposure. 
And acting in films, wasn’t that the epitome of exposure?! 
Had it been she who went acting, Madam Heath would by no means agree. 
Infuriated, Lady Octavia detested this double standard of Madam Heath. 
But no matter how angry or dissatisfied she was, she dared not show it, let alone vent her anger at Madam Heath. 
Madam Heath was the matriarch of the Heath family, holding absolute authority. 
Even her own husband dare not defy her, let alone her. 
Jeremy Lawrence was standing aside observing, thereby gaining some basic understanding of Madam Heath and Lady Octavia. 
It seemed that not everyone in the his brother-in-law’s family liked his sister. 
This Lady Octavia, seemed to disdain his sister and him alike. 
Despite his young age, Jeremy was sensitive enough to notice Lady Octavia’s hostility. 
Since ancient times, the relationship between mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law has always been tricky to handle. 
And on his sister’s side, there was no exception. 
But Jeremy was not worried that Lady Octavia would give his sister a hard time. 
With her husband, Ashton, and Madam Heath protecting her, Jeremy believed she wouldn’t be wronged. 
Moreover, Jeremy understood his sister well. 
His sister Joanna was definitely not the type to suffer in silence from anyone’s bullying, just like the steamed buns don’t have a tough character.
###Chapter 1103: Chapter 1101: This woman is too scheming!
"Ashton, Joanna, Grandma had prepared dishes that you guys love. Are you hungry? Would you like to have some food first?" After scolding Lady Octavia a few times, Madam Heath ignored her and led Joanna Lawrence toward the dining room by her hand. 
With a look of affection in her eyes, she looked at Joanna Lawrence: "Is it very tough shooting the film outside? I haven’t seen you in just a few days, and I feel like you’ve lost some weight. I heard that being an actress means that you can’t eat too much, and you need to maintain a certain figure, is that true? In my opinion, all these rules are just nonsense. You’ve already lost so much weight, what figure do you need to maintain? You should eat more and put on some weight to look better." 
Older generation people always prefer slightly plumper girls. 
Joanna Lawrence’s figure is considered standard, neither fat nor too thin. 
But in Madam Heath’s eyes, she was still a little too thin. 
Madam Heath’s protection warmed Joanna’s heart, and she no longer cared about Lady Octavia’s attitude towards her. 
She affectionately put her arm around Madam Heath’s, carefully supporting her while sweetly answering: "Mhm, I’ll listen to Grandma and eat more tonight! With Grandma caring for me so much, I don’t feel tired at all!" 
"Hahaha, you child." Madam Heath’s face showed a look of enjoyment. 
In the Living Room. 
Ashton Heath frowned as he looked at Lady Octavia, still sitting on the sofa with a cold expression and not uttering a word. With patience, he said, "Mom, let’s go have dinner." 
Lady Octavia lifted her head and looked at him coldly: "Now you remember that you have a mother?" 
Ashton Heath’s brows furrowed tighter. 
Lady Octavia continued coldly, sarcastically: "What am I? I feel like I’m just a spare wheel. I won’t bother your happy family dinner. Having me around would just make everyone feel uncomfortable and unhappy." 
With that, she stood up and called a maid over, commanding her: "Later, bring my dinner upstairs." 
The maid looked at Ashton Heath, who stood nearby with hesitation: "Mr. Ashton, this...?" 
Lady Octavia’s face changed instantly, speaking to the maid with a fierce tone: "I told you to do something, why are you asking Mr. Ashton? What now, do I really have no status in this house? Even you maids don’t listen to me?"
The maid’s face changed in fear: "No, that’s not the case, Lady Octavia." 
Ashton Heath’s patience finally ran out. He took a deep breath, glanced at Jeremy Lawrence who was still standing there, and suppressed his anger as he said: "Jeremy, you go ahead and eat first." 
Jeremy hesitated, then asked softly: "Ashton, what about you?" 
Ashton’s tone remained relatively calm: "I’ll be there in a moment." 
Jeremy looked at Lady Octavia again and nodded: "Alright, we’ll wait for Ashton to eat together." 
Ashton called a maid to take Jeremy to the dining room and told the other maids to leave as well. 
Once Jeremy was gone, Ashton’s tone towards Lady Octavia was not as calm as before, now tinged with anger: "Mom, what are you trying to do? Are you forcing me never to come back to this house again?" 
Lady Octavia looked at him with fury: "What am I trying to do? Didn’t I tell you that day? Ashton, I made it very clear that I will not agree to you two being together. Do you even know what kind of woman she is? She’s only after your money!" 
"This kind of woman is too calculating! If you stay with her, sooner or later, you’ll suffer at her hands!"
###Chapter 1104: Chapter 1102: Even if that person is you, it is not allowed
Ashton Heath showed no expression: "So what if she’s after my money? I have enough money for her to be after. Regardless of whether you approve of us being together, we are already together. Mom, I respect you, which is why I’ve been trying to get you to accept Joanna, and I’ve been trying to change your impression of her after you’ve repeatedly shown disdain for her." 
"But it seems that I was wrong." 
Lady Octavia’s face changed instantly: "What do you mean?" 
Ashton Heath looked disappointed, and spoke indifferently: "From now on, I won’t do it anymore. Whether you can accept Joanna or not, it doesn’t matter. If you don’t like her, I’ll let you two see each other less or even not at all." 
"Whether you have a good impression of her or not doesn’t matter either. After all, the one who will be living with her in the future is me, not you. As long as I like my wife, I won’t force anyone else." 
After saying this, he didn’t look at Lady Octavia’s reaction, and turned to walk towards the dining room. 
After taking a few steps, he stopped. 
He turned his head, looked at Lady Octavia’s greenish face, with thin lips pursed, and said indifferently: "If you want to go upstairs to eat, it’s up to you. Mom, there’s really no need to play these games with me, I truly don’t care." 
"Don’t get upset and think you’ve raised an unfilial son. If it wasn’t for Dad’s protection and pampering back then, your life might not have been so good. You enjoyed Dad’s love and care, proud and arrogant for having a husband who loved and pampered you, I believe you can understand my feelings for Joanna." 
"Now, I just want to love and pamper her, to take good care of her for a lifetime. No one can belittle her." He paused, looking at Lady Octavia and spoke word by word, "Even if that person is you, it’s not allowed." 
"If you insist on making trouble for Joanna, don’t blame me for being unfilial in the future." 
"If you don’t respect the person I care about, I won’t respect you anymore." 
These extra words he added angered Lady Octavia so much that her face twisted. 
"Are you going to stand up to your mother for that woman?" Lady Octavia’s voice trembled with anger. 
Ashton Heath said indifferently: "That woman is my wife, your daughter-in-law. Mom, it doesn’t matter if you don’t like her, as long as you two can live in peace, I won’t force you to like her. However, I will not allow anyone to do anything to hurt her." 
"If you really care about our mother-son relationship, don’t force me to do those bad things." 
After saying this, he left. 
Lady Octavia stood in the hall with a pale, angry face, gritting her teeth as she listened to the laughter coming from the dining room. 
She would not let Joanna Lawrence stay in the Heath family. 
No way! 
* 
When Ashton Heath arrived at the dining room, the servants had already arranged the dinner on the table. 
Madam Heath and the siblings, Joanna and Jeremy Lawrence, were chatting happily. The previously uneasy and tense Jeremy had relaxed a lot, and he didn’t know what he had said to Madam Heath, but it made her laugh so much that she cried. 
"What are you talking about? You all seem so happy." 
Ashton Heath walked to Joanna’s side, and the servant immediately pulled out the dining chair for him. 
After sitting down, he reached out and pulled Joanna’s hand towards him, a smile on his lips: "I was still outside, and already I could hear Grandma’s laughter." 
Madam Heath sat to the left of Joanna, with Jeremy Lawrence sitting beside her. 
----
###Chapter 1105: Chapter 1103: Madam Heath Really Likes Jeremy Lawrence
Madam Heath sat with Joanna Lawrence on her left and Jeremy Lawrence on her right. 
She looked at Jeremy affectionately and said, "Jeremy just told us a joke earlier. He’s such a delightful child." 
Ashton Heath glanced at Jeremy sitting across from him, slightly raised the corner of his lips, and pretended to be jealous, "Because of Joanna, Grandma has already stopped paying much attention to me, and now there’s Jeremy. It seems my status in this family is getting worse day by day." 
Madam Heath laughed at him, "You silly boy, are you jealous of your own wife and brother-in-law? Shouldn’t you be happy that I like Joanna and Jeremy? But it’s true that both of these children are so endearing, how could I not love them?" 
Jeremy was very nervous before coming here. 
He always felt that the elders of a wealthy family would be difficult to get along with and would be very serious and unapproachable. 
But Madam Heath dispelled his doubts. 
Like Joanna, if someone treated him well, he would also be close to that person. 
Although they had only interacted for a short while, he could feel Madam Heath’s goodwill and fondness for the two of them. 
This was completely different from Lady Octavia’s attitude. 
Like Joanna, Jeremy sweetly said, "If Grandma enjoys listening to my jokes, I’ll be sure to tell more of them. As long as Grandma doesn’t get tired of listening." 
"Very well." 
Jeremy sat in the first seat to Madam Heath’s right. She reached out and took his hand, her eyes warm and loving, and said with a smile, "Jeremy, come and spend time with Grandma whenever you’re free. It’s quite boring to be here with just me and Lady Octavia." 
"It would make us happy if you young people came to visit us more often." 
"I think, from now on, whenever Jeremy has weekends off, he should come live with me," Madam Heath said, her tone becoming more serious, "Joanna will be away for film shooting, and Ashton is busy with work, and a grown man like him won’t be very good at taking care of you. Come to my place, and Grandma will improve your life." 
"And you can keep this old lady company." 
"Of course, if you young people prefer hanging out with each other, and feel that being with an old lady like me..." 
"Not at all," Jeremy interrupted with a smile, "If Grandma wants to see Jeremy, Jeremy is happy to be with Grandma. Being with Grandma won’t be boring at all." 
His words delighted Madam Heath even more, she beamed, "Jeremy is a sensible child and knows how to make people happy. It’s settled then, you’ll come to stay with Grandma whenever you have time off." 
"Alright." 
Ashton was happy to see how well Jeremy was getting along with Madam Heath. It was a good development in his eyes. 
He could also see that Madam Heath genuinely liked Jeremy. 
He guessed that the main reason was that Jeremy looked like Mr. Rowlett, his uncle Damien. 
At first, Ashton hadn’t paid much attention to this detail. 
But now that he noticed, he saw that Jeremy did indeed bear a strong resemblance to Uncle Damien. 
The similarity between the two was so striking that no one would suspect they were not biological father and son. 
Looking at Jeremy’s face, which had no resemblance to Joanna, Ashton’s eyes flashed an unusual emotion, but he didn’t show it and instead took a few more glances at Jeremy. 
"Ashton, where’s your mom?"
###Chapter 1106: Chapter 1104: Don’t you think there is such a possibility?
Madam Heath didn’t see Lady Octavia and asked discontentedly. 
Ashton Heath said indifferently, "She’s feeling a bit unwell and went back to her room. She won’t be joining us for dinner tonight." 
"Hmph." Madam Heath knew that Lady Octavia must not be truly unwell, but she didn’t expose her, "Not feeling well before or later, but only when you guys return, what a timely illness. Fine, if she’s not feeling well, let her be." 
In front of Joanna Lawrence and Jeremy Lawrence, Madam Heath didn’t think it appropriate to say more. 
But in her heart, she was extremely discontent with Lady Octavia’s behavior. 
In her view, her daughter-in-law came from a noble family and always followed the rules and etiquette strictly. She never did anything improper for her status. 
But today, her behavior was utterly rude. 
In front of the younger generation, she had shown a terrible demeanor, totally unbecoming of an elder. 
Madam Heath had always cared about her dignity. 
Lady Octavia’s various behaviors undoubtedly made her feel that her dignity was compromised. 
What would the Lawrence sisters think of the Heath family members? 
Worse still, the Lawrence siblings might think that their sister Joanna was being bullied in the Heath family. 
* 
The dinner proceeded in a pleasant atmosphere. 
Without Lady Octavia, everybody enjoyed the meal even more. 
After dinner. 
Madam Heath asked Tedd to take Joanna and Jeremy for a walk in the backyard while she called Ashton into her bedroom. 
"Grandma, did you call me into your room alone for something special?" Ashton Heath helped Madam Heath into her room and then closed the door. 
He helped Madam Heath sit down on a sofa nearby. 
Madam Heath sat on the sofa with a thoughtful expression like she was pondering something. 
It took her a while before she slowly looked up, her aged eyes clear and focused on Ashton as she said in a low voice, "Ashton, do you also think that Jeremy looks very much like your Uncle Damien?" 
At this moment, Madam Heath’s facial expression was serious and solemn, "Especially those eyes, even the eyebrows share the same demeanor as your Uncle Damien. Moreover, Uncle Damien’s ears have a very distinctive shape that is different from others." 
"I paid attention to Jeremy’s ears just now, do you know, they are exactly the same as your Uncle Damien’s. Don’t you think it’s too coincidental? Although there are many people who look alike in this world, there are not many who look as much alike as them."
As Madam Heath spoke, she became excited. 
Ashton Heath could more or less guess what Madam Heath wanted to discuss with him. 
No wonder she would talk to him alone. 
Because the things that Madam Heath thought of were also what he had thought of before. 
Although the idea had only flashed in his mind, now that Madam Heath had brought it up so seriously, Ashton began to face up to the matter too. 
"Grandma, are you suspecting... that Jeremy might be Uncle Damien’s missing child?" 
Madam Heath’s expression changed, "Don’t you think there’s such a possibility? He and your Uncle Damien... look too similar. So similar that I can’t help but think more about it." 
"Grandma, I’ve thought about what you mentioned, but the probability of this being true is very small. You should not hold onto too much hope, so as not to be overly disappointed." 
"How can the probability be small?" Madam Heath said excitedly, "It’s not just that he looks like your Uncle Damien, even their ears are identical. Can this be a coincidence? Moreover, I asked about his birthdate, which is the same as your Uncle Damien’s lost child."
###Chapter 1107: Chapter 1105: Look into the events of the year he was born
"With so many coincidences, can it still be just a coincidence?" 
Ashton Heath looked at Madam Heath’s excited expression and didn’t want to dampen her spirits, so he remained silent for a moment before smiling and asking, "Grandma, what do you mean?" 
"I want you to look into it," Madam Heath took a deep breath, silently reciting her prayers as she held the Buddha beads on her wrist. "Thoroughly investigate the year he was born. I’ve always had a feeling that your Uncle Damien’s child is still alive. If Jeremy Lawrence really is that child, then it’s a blessing from God for your Uncle Damien." 
"After all, your Uncle Damien will have a descendant." 
Ashton Heath stayed quiet, not voicing a opinion. 
If Jeremy Lawrence truly was a Heath, it would indeed be good news for Damien. 
And also a surprise. 
Because to this day, Damien had no offspring. After visiting the hospital, he was told it was due to physical reasons and having a child would be very difficult. 
Especially now that he was older, it was even more unlikely in terms of fertility. 
There was almost no chance he could have a child of his own anymore.
Though his status would allow him to casually adopt children, or even take in some side relatives’ children, they still wouldn’t be his own flesh and blood, so it’s not the same. 
That’s why he neither adopted nor took any side branch children. 
Madam Heath was constantly worried about this matter. 
"Alright." Even though Ashton Heath thought there wouldn’t be such coincidences in the world that Jeremy Lawrence happened to be his long-lost cousin, he decided to investigate just as Madam Heath wished. After finding out the truth, she wouldn’t be thinking about this matter anymore. 
It wasn’t a troublesome task for him anyway. 
"Do you think Grandma is overthinking? But I’m not making wild guesses. There’s a high chance Jeremy Lawrence is the Heath family’s child. Otherwise, how is it possible that he and Joanna don’t resemble each other at all if they are brother and sister with the same parents?" 
"Even if one resembles the father and the other resembles the mother, siblings would share some similarities, right?" 
"But there’s nothing alike between Jeremy and Joanna. They’re supposed to be siblings with the same parents. Isn’t that abnormal?" 
Madam Heath got excited as she spoke. 
Though she hadn’t fully confirmed that Jeremy was that child, she already felt there was a 60% chance her guess was right. 
She had always been concerned about Damien’s childlessness issue. 
If Jeremy was indeed Damien’s lost child, then her concerns would be alleviated. 
That’s why she had to get to the bottom of this matter. 
Even if she was overthinking, she needed to know the truth. 
Ashton naturally also noticed the things Madam Heath mentioned. 
Joanna and Jeremy truly didn’t look alike. 
"Grandma, don’t get too excited," Ashton worried that Madam Heath’s excitement would trigger some old health problems, so he sat down beside her and held her hand with a smile. "It’s not that what you said is impossible. Back then, the child was just taken away, and no one knows where he ended up." 
"He might still be alive." 
"And it might indeed be Jeremy." 
"However, don’t get your hopes up too high, and don’t take this matter too seriously." 
Ashton thought for a moment and said, "When we get back, I’ll have Cody Aberton find someone to look into it carefully." 
Madam Heath nodded, "Okay, investigate thoroughly. Don’t do it haphazardly and act like it’s done."
###Chapter 1108: Chapter 1106: Don’t You Think You’re Too Biased?
* 
After Ashton Heath finished talking to Madam Heath, they stayed for about an hour before leaving with Joanna Lawrence and Jeremy Lawrence. 
Throughout their visit, Lady Octavia, who claimed to be feeling unwell, never appeared. 
As soon as the guests had left, Madam Heath coldly ordered a maid to fetch Lady Octavia. 
"Tell her I want to see her. No matter how unwell she feels, she must come down immediately." 
Soon enough, the maid had brought Lady Octavia down the stairs. 
"Mom, were you looking for me?" Lady Octavia came down, and upon seeing Madam Heath’s stern face sitting in the living room, she hesitated before slowly approaching her. 
Madam Heath did not speak, just let out a cold laugh. 
This laughter caused Lady Octavia’s face to turn pale in fear. 
She carefully asked, "Mom, is there a problem?" 
Madam Heath lifted her head to look at her with a cold gaze. She spoke in an even colder voice: "Don’t you already know why I want to talk to you? Octavia Bridge, how old are you? Still holding a grudge against your own son and daughter-in-law no less. They’ve only just returned after a long time, yet you put up that act. Do you want them never to come back?" 
"Do you think your behavior today was appropriate for an elder?" 
"How do you think people see the Heath family because of you? Let me tell you, I’m aware of all the little thoughts in your head. But listen very carefully: No matter what you think, you must give up those ideas." 
"Ashton is already married, and I’m very satisfied with Joanna. If you dare to cause any trouble and ruin my grandson and granddaughter-in-law’s marriage, I won’t forgive you!" 
Lady Octavia’s face changed, showing a mix of frustration and grievance. 
Madam Heath sneered coldly, looking at her like this: "What’s the matter? Do you feel wronged? Do you think I’ve been unfair to you?" 
Madam Heath had never been really satisfied with this daughter-in-law. 
However, because of her son, she treated her kindly, and even if she was unconvinced at heart, she never made life difficult for Lady Octavia. 
She thought—regardless of how unsatisfied Lady Octavia was with Joanna, at least she would have the same consideration for her. 
She expected her daughter-in-law to take a step back for the sake of her son. 
But apparently, she was mistaken. 
Her daughter-in-law was not as understanding as she had hoped. 
Thus, Madam Heath had no intention of being polite anymore to her. 
She despised those who stirred up family strife, disrupting the peace of a harmonious family. 
And now Lady Octavia was doing just that—engaging in her most-hated activity. 
Lady Octavia bit her lips, her eyes brimming with tears as she looked at Madam Heath. She thought about Madam Heath’s attitude towards Joanna, then her attitude towards herself. 
She couldn’t help but let her grievances accumulate and suddenly could no longer suppress them. 
"Mom, you’re playing favorites." She cried out in a pitiful voice. 
Lady Octavia, a woman spoiled by her husband, couldn’t help but start sobbing in front of her mother-in-law: "Joanna has only been married to Ashton for a short time, you’ve only met her a few times, but now you’re constantly speaking in her favor." 
"She’s always right, but I’m always wrong." 
"You’re satisfied with her in every way, but you’re never satisfied with me." 
"Mom, don’t you think you’re being too partial? What’s so great about her that you’re so satisfied with her? Is it just because she’s sweeter and more flattering than me? But how many of the words that come out of her mouth are truly sincere? You genuinely care for her, but do you think she feels the same way about you?"
###Chapter 1109: Chapter 1107: She is Just a Gold Digger
"Do you even know that you’ve been deceived by her? She’s a scheming woman who has managed to fool both you and Ashton." 
"And now, it’s not just her, but her younger brother as well." Lady Octavia grew increasingly furious as she spoke, "The two of them are up to no good, every one of them smooth-talking. Madam Heath, you’re such a sharp person, how could you not see through them?" 
Upon hearing her words, Madam Heath’s expression darkened: "So this is what you think. You believe I’m biased, but have you ever thought about all the things you’ve done lately? Which one of them was right?" 
"You’re always trying to break up Ashton’s marriage, and you expect me to show you a nice face?" 
"Do you even know how to be a mother? Instead of wishing your son well, you’re constantly trying to make his life miserable. Tell me, how am I supposed to be satisfied with you? You want my grandson’s life to be miserable and then you want me to show you a nice face?" 
Lady Octavia has always been afraid of Madam Heath. 
She wouldn’t dare to talk back to her. 
But today, she was pushed to her limit, feeling wronged and couldn’t help but retort: "Letting Ashton continue his relationship with Joanna Lawrence is what’s really ruining his life. I’m hoping for his well-being and happiness, which is why I don’t want my baby son to be destroyed by that gold-digging woman." 
"Mom, you’re just blinded by Joanna, not knowing her true nature. If you knew her true colors, you definitely wouldn’t want Ashton to continue being with her." 
"Oh, so you know her true nature?" Madam Heath asked coldly, "Then tell me, what is her true nature like?" 
Lady Octavia was immediately riled up: "She’s a gold-digger. I have never seen a more materialistic woman than her." 
Knowing that Madam Heath wouldn’t believe her, she told her in detail about the negotiation with Joanna Lawrence that day. 
She spoke with agitation and anger, not noticing that Madam Heath’s face was becoming more and more displeased. 
"Mom, don’t you think she’s too much of a gold-digger? She actually asked for all of Heath Group’s stocks, I’ve never seen such a greedy woman. She even said that as long as I agreed to her conditions, she would divorce Ashton right away." 
"Do you still believe she genuinely loves Ashton?" 
"She’s only with Ashton for his money. How can we let such a materialistic and snobbish woman stay by Ashton’s side?" 
"I will never allow such a woman to continue being my daughter-in-law. Even if you and Ashton resent me, I will play the villain this time." 
Lady Octavia finished talking and didn’t hear any response from Madam Heath for a while. 
Only then did she lower her head in confusion. 
When she saw Madam Heath’s gloomy face and eyes filled with rage, looking extremely angry, she thought it was because Madam Heath was now aware of Joanna’s true nature. 
She couldn’t help but reveal a hint of joy on her face. 
Joanna Lawrence was only so arrogant because she relied on her son and Madam Heath’s doting. 
If she were to lose Madam Heath’s favor... 
As she thought about it, Lady Octavia felt delight bubbling up inside her, barely able to contain the smile on her face. 
"Mom, now you know her true nature, right? A woman like her is not worthy of our Ashton. No wonder marriages have always emphasized matching in social and economic status. This is not a marriage of equal families, it really won’t work."
###Chapter 1110: Chapter 1108: Never Been Scolded by Madam Heath Like This Before
"If Rebecca had married our Ashton, there wouldn’t be so many problems. Don’t you think so?" 
"But it’s not too late now. I’ve asked Rebecca and she’s deeply in love with Ashton, saying she’s willing to wait for him. So I think, as long as you’re willing to persuade Ashton, he could divorce Joanna." 
"Ashton listens to you the most. Only you can convince him effectively." 
Madam Heath had been silent all along. At this point, she raised her head and looked at Lady Octavia, "You want me to persuade Ashton to divorce?" 
"Yes." Lady Octavia nodded hopefully, "Mom, only you can convince Ashton. He respects you the most and is also the most filial to you. He will definitely listen to your words. You’re also his most precious person, you wouldn’t want your precious grandson ruined by that kind of gold-digging, social climbing woman, would you?" 
Madam Heath didn’t say anything, just staring at her with a gloomy face. 
Lady Octavia initially thought Madam Heath had been swayed by her words and sided with her. 
But facing Madam Heath’s angry eyes, she wasn’t so sure anymore. 
That uneasy feeling rose up again. 
She swallowed nervously, feeling somewhat apprehensive, "Mom, you..." 
"You good-for-nothing!" Madam Heath grabbed a throw pillow from the sofa and threw it at her. 
The pillow hit Lady Octavia’s body. 
Although Madam Heath didn’t hold back, it was just a throw pillow, so it couldn’t have hurt Lady Octavia that much. 
But there were other maids standing in the living room. 
Madam Heath had done this in front of everyone, leaving no face for Lady Octavia. 
After taking the hit, Lady Octavia froze for a few seconds. When she regained her senses, she felt utterly humiliated. 
Her eyes widened in disbelief. 
She couldn’t believe Madam Heath would treat her like this. 
Even though Madam Heath had never been particularly close to her, she had never done anything so humiliating to her before. 
She was the hostess of the Heath family. 
How could she maintain authority in the family now that so many people had seen her mother-in-law scold her? 
Madam Heath didn’t care about saving her face. One throw pillow wasn’t enough for her to vent her anger, so she picked up a nearby walking stick and pointed it at her, "You actually did such a despicable thing behind my back. And you even have the nerve to tell me. Octavia, are you crazy?" 
"Do you know the situation with your son? Do you want him to remain a bachelor for the rest of his life?" 
Lady Octavia had never been so fiercely scolded by Madam Heath before. 
Her face turned pale with fright, "Mom, no, I..." 
"Your son has a strange disease, being allergic to women, and was originally destined to be alone! It’s only because of God’s mercy that Joanna was arranged for him, sparing him from the tragic fate of being alone for the rest of his life. And now, not only do you not treat this hard-won daughter-in-law well, but you actually threatened her to divorce Ashton!" 
Madam Heath was so angry that her heart ached, and her hand holding the walking stick trembled, "If Joanna really divorces Ashton because of you, you’ll be the sinner of our Heath family!" 
Lady Octavia was too scared to say a word. 
She had never seen Madam Heath so angry nor had she been scolded so furiously. 
"But, but she’s asking for all of the Heath Group’s stocks..." 
"And there’s also Jeremy Lawrence..." 
"Shut up!" Madam Heath screamed in anger, "Anyone who’s not a fool would know that it was just a threat made in anger. And you actually took it seriously. Octavia, this is my last warning to you: do not interfere in Ashton and Joanna’s marriage anymore!"
###Chapter 1111: Chapter 1109: She has never been this embarrassed before
Lady Octavia’s face turned pale, her lips moved as if she wanted to say something else. 
But Madam Heath didn’t give her a chance to speak; instead, she warned angrily, "If you ruin my grandson’s good marriage prospects, don’t blame me for not showing you mercy. Do you really think because you have been Lady Octavia for decades, your position in this house is secured, and nobody can do anything to you?" 
"I’m still alive, and it’s me, this old woman, who’s in charge of the family. I’ve let go of past injustices, giving you one chance, giving you some respect. But if you continue with your antics, don’t say I didn’t respect you, the mistress of the Heath family." 
Lady Octavia has always been afraid of Madam Heath. 
Now that Madam Heath had roared at her, she was too scared to utter a word. 
Her feelings at the moment were a mix of anger, fear, grievance, and humiliation. 
Madam Heath rebuking her harshly in front of the servants has caused her great embarrassment. 
She had never been humiliated like this before. 
But she couldn’t lash out at the embarrassment given by Madam Heath; she couldn’t resist, she could only silently endure it. 
"Remember my words," Madam Heath glared at her," live your good life peacefully. The grandchildren will have their own fortune, don’t interfere in things you shouldn’t. I hope you heard everything I just said, and you’d better have. Otherwise..." 
"If you insist on causing chaos, you will regret it in the future!" 
"Think about it carefully yourself!" 
Finishing her last words, Madam Heath took back her walking stick, called a maid to her side, and went back up to her bedroom. 
When Madam Heath’s silhouette had completely disappeared. 
Lady Octavia still stood there, her face ashen. 
The surrounding servants were too afraid to breathe, looking at her solemn face. 
No one wanted to be the one to provoke her at this time. 
After all, a daughter-in-law being scolded by her mother-in-law was not something honorable. 
And they had all witnessed this embarrassing event. 
It was clear how furious Lady Octavia must have been. 
The servants all lowered their heads even further, wishing they could bury their heads in the ground. 
That way, Lady Octavia wouldn’t see them. 
And they wouldn’t have to worry about being the target of her wrath. 
Lady Octavia stood still in place, like a statue. 
Madam Heath just told her to think it through, and indeed she had. 
And her thoughts were very clear. 
Joanna Lawrence must not stay in the Heath family any longer. 
Madam Heath has completely been hoodwinked by her. 
Whether she opens or closes her mouth, she is completely in her favor. 
This is a very bad sign. 
If she doesn’t find a way to kick her out of the Heath family, she might use Madam Heath’s favor to create chaos in the family, making it impossible for the Heath family to find peace. 
Most importantly, she has set her sights on the Heath Group’s stocks. 
If she fools Ashton into giving her all the stocks in the future, the consequences will be unimaginable. 
Therefore, even if it is to ensure the rights and safety of the Heath Group, she must not let her stay in the Heath family. 
No matter if Madam Heath or her son understand or not, she must get rid of Joanna Lawrence. 
Otherwise, letting her stay in the Heath family would be like keeping a disaster waiting to happen. 
Right now, there’s no news about her pregnancy, yet both Madam Heath and Ashton are completely beholden to her.
###Chapter 1112: Chapter 1110: Is it Annie Lawrence?
If one day she bears a child, won’t she dominate the Heath family? 
Will she still have a place in the Heath family then? 
As the matriarch of the Heath family, would she have any say left? 
Thinking about all the possible terrifying consequences, her gaze gradually turned cold, her eyes filled with determination. She silently swore that no matter what measures she had to take, she would make that woman, Joanna Lawrence, leave the Heath family and her son. 
If persuasion couldn’t make her leave, then she couldn’t blame her for not showing mercy anymore. 
She refused to believe that she, Octavia Bridge, couldn’t handle such a minor character. 
* 
Meanwhile, 
Rebecca Kelloway received a dossier. 
She spent half an hour meticulously reading all the information obtained by the private investigation. 
After reading, she tightened her lips and held the dossier firmly in her hands, her face solemn. 
The man who had given her the dossier hesitated, then said, "Ms. Kelloway, during the investigation, we found something else." 
Rebecca took a deep breath and looked up, "What is it?" 
"We found that others are also investigating the daughter of the White family who was left outside." 
Rebecca frowned slightly, "Other people? Are they from the White family..." 
"No." The man beside her immediately said, "If they were from the White family, we wouldn’t specifically point it out to you, Ms. Kelloway. According to our investigation, it appears that the people are from the Lawrence family." 
"People from the Lawrence family?" Surprise and astonishment showed in Rebecca’s eyes, and she immediately became alert, "You’re saying there are people from the Lawrence family also investigating this matter? Do you know who it is?" 
"We followed the leads, and if we’re not mistaken, it should be Miss Annie Lawrence." 
"Miss Annie Lawrence?" Rebecca blinked, a glint of surprise flashing in her eyes, her hand clenching tighter at her side, "The one named Annie Lawrence?" 
The moment Rebecca saw Joanna as a love rival, she had investigated all the information about Joanna. 
At that time, it was Frank Parker who had helped her investigate. 
So Rebecca knew that Joanna and David Benington had once dated. 
She also knew that David broke up with her for the sake of her stepsister. 
"Yes, Annie Lawrence." The man beside her thought for a moment, then continued in a lower voice, "If Ms. Kelloway wants more specific information, I can find out for you. However, those people are also private investigators working for others. If you want to find out everything from them, Ms. Kelloway might need to..." 
Before the man could finish his sentence, Rebecca interrupted him with a stern voice, "Go find out immediately, no matter how much it costs. I want to know why Annie Lawrence is investigating the Whiat family’s matters." 
"Yes, Ms. Kelloway. I’ll handle this right away." 
After receiving the task, the man left immediately. 
Rebecca, clutching the dossier in her hand and pondering over the words the man just said, her face gradually turned cold. 
She bit her lips, her eyes filled with intense hatred. 
No, it’s impossible. 
This situation can’t be what she thinks it is. 
How could that poor woman, Joanna, have anything to do with the daughter left outside by the White family? 
Other than matching the age, what else does she have in common with the child who was left outside by the White family? 
If just by age alone one can be considered the daughter of the White family, then one would not know how many people in Closia could be the daughter of the White family.
###Chapter 1113: Chapter 1111: Must You Make Things So Absolute?
But even as she kept telling herself it was impossible, deep down she couldn’t help but feel afraid. 
Afraid that what she worried about would become reality. 
Afraid that the lowly, poor woman would become a well-bred lady like her, 
Now, the main reason Lady Octavia stood by her and wanted to matchmake her with Ashton Heath was because she felt that the Heath family and the Kelloway family were matching in social and economic status. 
If Lady Octavia knew the true situation of the Kelloway family, no matter how much she liked her, she might probably hesitate. 
If Joanna became the daughter of the White family, with the White family’s current status and position, what reason would Lady Octavia have to to her being with Ashton Heath? 
Even the Kelloway family now wanted to rely on the power of the White family. 
If Joanna became the daughter of the White family, she would have no advantage in front of her. 
Rebecca Kelloway absolutely couldn’t tolerate such a thing happening. 
Whether she was being paranoid or there was really such a possibility, she had to investigate the matter thoroughly. 
It would be best if everything was not as she had suspected, and she was just overthinking it. 
But if it was really as she suspected, she wouldn’t allow her suspicions to become reality. 
She wouldn’t tolerate someone who used to be far inferior to her, to eventually surpass her. 
She would never let such a thing happen! 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna Lawrence, still on vacation, was awakened early in the morning by a strange incoming call. 
Seeing it was a stranger’s number, she hung up at once. 
Thinking it was a harassing call. 
But that number soon called again. 
Joanna was grumpy when waking up, feeling annoyed that a strange call had awakened her, and answered the phone angrily, "Hello, I’m Joanna Lawrence, may I ask who this is?" 
Although she was angry, thinking it might be work-related, she still managed to ask politely through gritted teeth. 
"Joanna Lawrence, do you really have to be so ruthless?" An angry voice rang out, the man seeming very angry, his questioning tone heavy. 
Joanna was taken aback, her brows furrowing instantly, her tone becoming cold, "I wondered who was so annoying to disturb my dreams early in the morning, turns out it’s you. David Benington, did you dial the wrong number? I don’t understand what you’re talking about." 
Joanna had long since blacklisted David Benington’s phone number. 
Estimating that David had discovered he was blacklisted, he had changed to another number to call her. 
"You don’t understand?" That night David Benington had already fallen out with her, so he no longer pretended to be a mild-mannered gentleman. His deep voice coldly said, "Don’t tell me you didn’t want to take revenge on me, so you had Frank Parker attack Galaxy Agency." 
"Joanna Lawrence, I didn’t expect you to be so indiscreet, such a casual woman. One minute you’re with a guy named Ashton Heath and the next with a guy named Frank Parker. Just how many sugar daddies do you have?" 
"I used to think you were pure and innocent and a kind-hearted good woman. I was even afraid of scaring you, not daring to get too close to you. But in the end, you’re just a plaything that can be bought with money." 
Ever since David Benington found out that Joanna was not a virgin, in his heart, she was no longer pure. 
No longer a woman deserved to be treated seriously and sincerely. 
He already thought Joanna was a casual woman, so naturally, he would no longer respect her as he did before.
###Chapter 1114: Chapter 1112: You’re just an ungrateful wolf that can’t be tamed!
He said all kinds of unbearable words: "I was too naive to think that you would care about our past relationship. Haha, what does that past relationship mean to you? You only care about whoever has more money. Why didn’t I see earlier that you are such a snobbish woman?" 
Joanna listened to his unbearable words, and even though she already knew what kind of man he was, she still got angry and her hand holding the phone trembled. 
The past David had never said such unbearable words to her. 
David continued to verbally abuse her: "You’re so heartless. During those years, both I and the Benington family treated you well, and now you want to destroy the Benington family completely. My mom even loved you like her own daughter, and you’re just an ungrateful white-eyed wolf!" 
"David, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about! But I have nothing more to say to a mad dog like you. Don’t ever call me again or I’ll blacklist you." Joanna said, and then hung up the phone. 
Then she added David’s phone number to the blacklist. 
After hanging up, she was still so angry that her whole body was trembling. 
She never thought that a person could be disgusting like this. 
Just when she thought she had seen his worst side, he showed her through his actions that she had underestimated how disgusting and shameless he could be. 
Her understanding of him for those years was like a joke. 
She had known him for a full ten years. 
But she had never really understood what kind of person he was. 
Just after Joanna added David’s phone number to the blacklist, her phone made two "ding-ding" sounds. 
She looked down at her phone, and it was a text message from a strange number: Joanna, even if you are unhappy with me, my Dad and Mom haven’t offended you, right? Do you really want to destroy the Benington family completely? Do you know that my parents are so worried that they can’t eat, and they’re crying all the time? Are you really that heartless? 
It was another message from David. 
Joanna read the message, deleted it, and then blacklisted the new number. 
She deeply hated and resented David. 
But she didn’t have any prejudices against Collin and Mrs. Benington. 
The person who wronged her was David. 
Not Collin and Mrs. Benington, and she could still distinguish that clearly. 
So although Joanna had blacklisted David’s phone number, she still decided to go ask Ashton Heath what the situation was after hearing some of the things he had just said.
From David’s words, it seemed that the Benington Group had suffered some kind of attack. 
He had mentioned that Frank Parker did it. 
But Joanna knew very well that if someone really did do something to the Benington Group, it couldn’t be Frank Parker. 
It could only be Ashton Heath. 
And Ashton had been unhappy with David for a long time. 
Probably after hearing what Linda said to him that day, he had the idea of taking action against the Benington Group. 
After being woken up by David’s phone call, Joanna couldn’t fall back asleep. 
She simply got out of bed, finished washing up, and went downstairs with her phone in her hand. 
"Good morning, Ms. Joanna." Rowan greeted her respectfully when he saw her. "Would you like to have breakfast now, Ms. Joanna? I’ll have the kitchen get ready." 
Joanna nodded and slowly walked toward the dining room. 
She had been sitting at the table for only a few minutes when a maid brought her breakfast. 
Even though she was the only one eating, the breakfast was still very elaborate, with fruit, pastries, and both Chinese and Western dishes in abundance. 
As she ate her breakfast, she asked Mark, who was standing nearby, "Has Ashton been at the company for a long time? When did he leave?"
###Chapter 1115: Chapter 1113: Brand Merchants Take the Initiative to Visit
Mark bowed slightly and said, "Mr. Ashton has been up very early and has been gone for over an hour." 
He’s been gone for over an hour? 
Joanna looked at the current time and lamented that being the CEO isn’t as easy as she thought it was for Ashton Heath. 
She had always thought that being a boss was easy. 
They could sleep in until they naturally wake up before going to the company. 
Or take breaks when they wanted to and not even go to the company every day. 
Even if they went to the company, they couldn’t do too much, so they could leave when they wanted to. 
Now she realized she was totally wrong. 
The higher one’s position, the less relaxed it is. 
A lot of things need to be done personally. 
"Is Ms. Joanna going to the company to see Mr. Ashton later? I’ll have the car ready in advance." Mark thought she wanted to go to the Heath Group to find Ashton. 
Just as Joanna was about to speak, her cellphone rang. 
She glanced at the Caller ID, which showed Linda was calling. 
She immediately answered, "Linda, what’s up?" 
"Joanna, you’re still in Closia, right?" Linda got straight to the point, "Here’s the thing, I just secured a really good advertisement for you. Since you have time these days, you can shoot the ad." 
"If you’re free right now, come over and we’ll discuss this in more detail."
Joanna asked quizzically, "Ad? What ad?" 
"It’s an advertisement for a high-end cosmetic brand. In short, taking this ad will only be beneficial for you, with no drawbacks. Besides, the price they offered is high, I believe you’ll definitely be satisfied with the amount." 
"This cosmetic brand has always used top-tier artists in the past, this is the first time they’re using a newcomer for an ad. Given their brand’s reputation, taking on the role of the endorser for the latest season will be a great help to your popularity." 
Linda chattered a lot, her words filled with joy. 
Joanna could tell that Linda was genuinely satisfied with securing this advertising contract. 
Joanna asked curiously, "Linda, which cosmetic brand are you talking about exactly?" 
Linda mentioned the name of the cosmetic brand. 
Upon knowing the makeup brand she was going to shoot for, Joanna couldn’t help but be surprised. 
"You mean Color Vista?! Linda, are you sure you got me an endorsement for Color Vista?" 
"It’s not a mistake, it’s Color Vista. And actually, it wasn’t me who got you the endorsement, their side approached us. I’ll tell you the details when you come over. Are you free right now?" 
"I am, send me the address, and I’ll come right over." 
Hearing that the brand approached them, Joanna was even more astonished. 
Color Vista is a first-line famous cosmetics brand. 
Just like Linda said, their previous endorsers were all popular celebrities. 
Color Vista has never used a newcomer as an endorser before. 
Especially not someone like her with little fame. 
Although she has gained a bit of notoriety recently due to some scandals and a few people recognizing her, 
Her fame isn’t even comparable to that of popular celebrities’. 
And she also has mostly anti-fans. 
Under such circumstances, it is quite strange for a first-tier makeup brand to actively approach her to be their endorser. 
It doesn’t make any sense. 
Joanna had a lot of questions in her mind, feeling that this matter is definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface.
###Chapter 1116: Chapter 1114: Is it President Ashton who helped you get this?
But no matter how many questions she has now, she can’t expect Linda to give her a clear answer right away. 
She guessed that Linda probably also didn’t know what was going on. 
Seems like she’ll just have to wait until they meet and ask about it then. 
Soon, Linda sent Joanna the address to meet up. 
After receiving the address, Joanna went upstairs to change her clothes and asked Rowan to arrange a car to take her there. 
* 
One hour later. 
In a private room of a luxe lounge. 
The waiter led Joanna to the private room, and after knocking on the door, Joanna entered. 
Linda was already sitting in the private room, and she waved at Joanna when she saw her. 
After the waiter closed the door, Joanna sat down across from Linda, and without waiting, she immediately asked, "Linda, do you know what’s going on with this advertising contract? There’s no reason for them to contact me proactively given my current fame." 
Logically, signing such a great contract would be something to be happy about. 
But while Joanna was happy, she also felt a vague sense of unease. 
Somehow, this whole thing felt abnormal. 
Like an unexpected windfall falling from the sky. 
So even though this advertising contract was tempting, she couldn’t just accept it. 
"This situation is a bit strange," Linda also had doubts in her heart, but due to the huge temptation, she didn’t think too much and signed the contract. 
For her, getting a first-line endorsement like Color Vista for Joanna was definitely a surprise. 
After all, even Annie, who she had previously managed, wasn’t quite at the level required to accept Color Vista’s endorsement. 
Annie was already considered a top-tier artist back then. 
Color Vista is particularly picky when choosing celebrity endorsers. 
They don’t just look at an artist’s fame and appearance, but also their character and educational background. 
Artists chosen by Color Vista are exceptionally well-rounded. 
But now, Joanna... 
Aside from her appearance and education, she seemed to fall short in many aspects. 
When she received the call from the brand, informing her they wanted to sign Joanna for their new advertising endorsement, she was shocked. 
Her first reaction was that it might’ve been a wrong contact, or a prank.’ 
"However, you don’t have to worry about it. I have already asked for you. I looked over the contract, and there are no issues or traps. They are also very sincere, and they have already transferred half of the signing fee today."
"They said that once you finish filming the advertisement, they will immediately transfer the remaining signing fee." 
"This time, the director in charge of filming your ad is a top-notch international talent. Joanna, this really is an unexpected blessing. Could it be that this contract is something President Ashton has managed for you?" 
After thinking it over, Linda felt that this was the most likely explanation. 
If the endorsement came from Ashton Heath, then it wouldn’t be strange at all. 
With his status, it wouldn’t be a problem for him to secure better resources for Joanna. 
Joanna was stunned, and she furrowed her brow, "I don’t think so. He never mentioned anything about it to me?" 
Linda looked at her and said, "Didn’t you say you wanted to rely on yourself? Maybe that’s why he didn’t tell you." 
Joanna was startled for a few seconds before she began to suspect Ashton’s involvement. 
"Joanna, look, if it’s really a resource that President Ashton got for you, I think you should still accept it. Color Vista endorsements aren’t easy to get. You don’t know how many companies are vying for them. President Ashton must have put in a lot of effort to get this resource for you. It wouldn’t be polite if you refused."
###Chapter 1117: Chapter 1115: Open and close mouth, everything is completely in her favor.
"Joanna, I think if President Ashton gets you the resources, you should take them. The Color Vista endorsement isn’t easy to get, you don’t know how many companies are fighting for it. President Ashton has put in a lot of effort for you to get this opportunity, you shouldn’t refuse, right?" 
Linda was afraid that Joanna would reject such a good advertising resource in order to prove herself. 
She didn’t care who the resources came from. 
Joanna was her artist, and she wished that Ashton Heath could find more opportunities for Joanna, and help make her famous. 
That way, she could save a lot of trouble. 
"Moreover, Color Vista has very high requirements for its celebrity endorsers. Even if they approach you now, if they are not satisfied with your performance, they could terminate the contract. So it’s not just about President Ashton getting you the resources; you still need to secure this endorsement." 
"Ultimately, it depends on your performance." 
Joanna still thought that the endorsement might not have been secured by Ashton Heath. 
But other than Ashton Heath, she couldn’t think of anyone else. 
Anyway, there must be other reasons behind it. 
Otherwise, a first-line makeup brand like Color Vista would never choose a newbie like her as their celebrity endorser. 
That would be a huge risk. 
Using someone like her, with little fame and fans, could lead to unsatisfactory sales for Color Vista’s next season. 
Joanna thought for a moment and asked, "Linda, have you already signed the contract for me?" 
"Yes." Linda nodded, "I’ve already signed it for you. But...if you feel it’s not suitable and don’t want to accept this endorsement, the formal contract hasn’t been signed yet, so you can still decline." 
"But I hope you’ll accept it." Linda was still afraid that she would actually reject it, "This is really a great opportunity." 
Joanna thought seriously and nodded, "Since Linda thinks it’s a great opportunity, I won’t turn it down. You can arrange everything." 
Joanna’s mentality was not as stubborn as before. 
After the conversation with Linda that time, she had changed some of her ideas and was no longer fixated on doing everything by herself. 
A smile appeared on Linda’s face as she seemed to breathe a sigh of relief: "Okay, since you’ve agreed, I’ll call them later and we’ll sign the official contract today. It’s best to sign the advertising contract as soon as possible to avoid any changes." 
"There are also quite a few other artists watching." 
Joanna looked obedient and clever: "Yes, I’ll listen to Linda." 
Linda is already an Acclaimed Agent, and Joanna had no reason to distrust her. 
"Alright, then it’s settled." Linda was also satisfied with her attitude and said with a smile, "If you can successfully secure this endorsement, it will greatly boost your current fame. And do you know how much they offered for the signing fee?" 
When it came to the signing fee, the smile on Linda’s lips grew wider. 
Obviously, she was very satisfied with the signing fee.
Joanna was also particularly interested in the signing fee and immediately asked, "How much?" 
"This much." Linda raised three fingers. 
Joanna was stunned and a smile appeared on her face: "Three million dollars?" 
Linda: "..." 
She laughed and said, "Joanna, you’re really underestimating yourself. How could a big brand like Color Vista possibly offer a three million dollar signing fee? If it were a three million dollar signing fee, I wouldn’t have accepted it for you."
###Chapter 1118: Chapter 1116: But the entire Color Vista is under Parker Group.
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She opened her eyes wide in surprise: "Could it be... thirty, thirty million?!" 
"Yeah, thirty million." Linda said with a smile, "Actually, the amount Color Vista usually pays for their endorsers is about this figure. But I honestly thought that since you’re still a newcomer and not yet famous, they wouldn’t offer you the fee they would to an A-list celebrity." 
"Turns out, they didn’t cut the endorsement fee." 
"Of course, I know you’re seeing President Ashton now, so you’re not short on money. Maybe this thirty million to you..." 
"It’s a considerable amount to me! I’m very satisfied! Thanks, Linda!" Joanna Lawrence excitedly interrupted Linda’s words. "Plus, I am short of money. I may be dating Ashton Heath, and he is very generous to me, but I hope to use my own money as much as possible." 
Linda looked at her for a moment, then nodded: "I get it. There’s a sense of security in having something in your own hands. So, shall I call them now to solidify the contract? As for when to shoot the advertisement, that depends on their arrangements." 
"Okay." 
After getting Joanna Lawrence’s consent, Linda took out her phone and placed a call. 
* 
In another private room of the same Luxe Lounge. 
Color Vista’s CEO stood respectfully next to a man. 
"Mr. Parker, the signing with Ms. Joanna has been settled. Now we only wait for Ms. Joanna to sign the official contract, then we can schedule the filming for next season’s advertisement." 
While giving his report, the brand manager glanced at the man sitting on the sofa, feeling slightly depressed. 
They had already chosen the endorser for the next season. 
They had also negotiated with the party concerned, with only the contract signing remaining. 
He was quite satisfied with that endorser, whose looks and fame could undoubtedly boost the sales for next season. 
But Mr. Parker had suddenly requested that next season’s endorsement be given to a newcomer surnamed Lawrence. 
Being a newcomer was not the issue. 
It was that she was a completely new newcomer, a pure newcomer without any past works at all. 
He had people check. 
The newcomer only had over a million followers on her blog, making her incomparable to the budding star he was initially considering. 
Moreover, her million-plus followers were all hyped up through scandalous rumors. 
Those followers gained through such rumors were pretty much equivalent to having none. 
Simply put, the brand manager was utterly dissatisfied with the newcomer that Frank Parker had insisted on. 
Yet, no matter how unsatisfied he was, he dared not let it show. 
He was the CEO of Color Vista. 
However, Color Vista was part of the Parker Group. 
If the heir of the Parker family wanted the female artist he chose to be Color Vista’s endorser for the next season, who dared to ? 
Even if the person he chose was still in grade school. 
As long as Mr. Parker favored her, they would accommodate his preference. 
After all, whether the sales were good or bad, the money lost would come from the Parker Group’s profits. 
If he himself didn’t care, what could others say? 
What the brand manager couldn’t figure out was whether Mr. Parker was genuinely interested in that newcomer. 
He had seen plenty of rumors before. 
But at that time, none of those who had been with Mr. Parker for years took those rumors seriously. 
Because they all knew, Mr. Parker was interested in the girl from the Kelloway family. 
He had been seen with many female companions over the years, but he never officially dated anyone. That was all because of the girl from the Kelloway family.
###Chapter 1119: Chapter 1117: After all, that newcomer was someone Mr. Parker took a liking to
He was waiting for Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family. 
He regarded Ms. Rebecca so importantly; how could he possibly fall in love with another woman? 
Especially when the newcomer in Entertainment Industry, Joanna, was far from ever comparing with Ms. Rebecca in terms of appearance and background. 
She was undoubtedly beautiful and her appearance was top-notch even in the entertainment industry. 
But what is Frank Parker’s status? 
Having grown up surrounded by beautiful women, had he ever seen a shortage? 
It was impossible for him to fall in love just because of beauty. 
However... 
Frank was actually offering the next season’s endorsement of Color Vista to the newcomer, Joanna. 
It seemed that those rumors on the Blog were not merely fabricated by reporters. 
Frank really took a fancy to the newcomer! 
Perhaps after waiting for so many years, with no response from the Kelloway family’s Ms. Rebecca, Frank’s heart might have grown cold. 
Frank Parker was lying lazily on the couch, listening to the report of the brand manager, nodding his head: "Well, get the contract signed with them as soon as possible. After the official signing, let the official Blog post the news." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker. However..." 
Frank Parker glanced at him: "What do you mean, however?" 
The brand manager hesitated for a moment as he watched Frank’s expression, cautiously speaking, "The endorser we signed last quarter has a very strong ability to sell. After signing him, our sales almost doubled. Many fans purchased our products because of his endorsement." 
"We’ve also hinted on Blog that we’ll continue to sign with him. If those fans find out that we’ve changed our celebrity endorser, will they stop buying Color Vista’s products in the future?" 
The brand manager was quite worried about this. 
He was afraid that after changing the endorser to Joanna, Color Vista’s sales performance would plummet. 
However, the brand manager dared not speak too directly. 
After all, the newcomer was someone Frank took a liking to. 
If he showed any disdain, he might be the one Frank disdains next. 
Once Frank disdained him, his tenure as a CEO might not last much longer. 
Although the brand manager didn’t speak too directly, Frank Parker quickly understood his meaning. 
He appeared nonchalant, "Color Vista’s position in the Makeup Industry is based on its own reputation. If the product quality is subpar, even endorsers with stronger selling power can only boost sales for one or two quarters, not in the long run." 
"What we need are customers who value the product’s quality itself, not customers who blindly follow their idols and consume regardless of product quality. The latter will not be Color Vista’s main customers, and if we lose them, there’s nothing to regret." 
Brand Manager: "..."
He didn’t care what kind of customers it was. 
As long as the sales performance went up, he liked them all! 
"Mr. Parker is right." The brand manager complained internally, but acted respectfully on the surface, "Unstable customers are indeed not Color Vista’s main customers." 
Just as he finished flattering, his phone rang. 
Seeing that it was from Joanna’s agent, the brand manager held the phone and said, "Mr. Parker, they’re calling. They should want to discuss the signing." 
Frank nodded, "Answer the call." 
"Yes." 
The brand manager immediately answered the phone, talked for a few minutes, and then hung up. 
"Mr. Parker, Joanna is here. Now her agent demands to sign the contract today. What do you think..." 
"Let’s sign it today." Frank Parker’s lazy expression changed slightly; his eyes also showed some changes. Although he still looked casual, upon hearing that Joanna had arrived, his eyes brightened for a moment.
###Chapter 1120: Chapter 1118: Are They Going to Chase That Newcomer?
"Yes, Mr. Parker. Ms. Joanna and her agent are also in the Luxe Lounge now. I’ll head over there right away. Are you coming too?" The brand manager thought that Frank Parker would definitely go over there. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have come all this way. 
He came here specifically for Ms. Joanna. 
It seemed Mr. Parker was really interested in that new girl. 
The brand manager thought that he should be more polite to that newbie when he went there later. 
Who knows? One day, she might become Mr. Parker’s girlfriend. 
"No need." Frank Parker fell silent for a moment before declining. 
A hint of surprise appeared on the brand manager’s face: "Aren’t you going? Ms. Joanna is there too..." 
Before he could finish, Frank glared at him coldly, scaring him into swallowing the rest of his words. 
"Yes, Mr. Parker, I understand." The brand manager dared not say anything more, fearing that he would anger the young master in front of him with even an extra word. 
Everyone knew that the Parker family’s young master had a bad temper. 
"So, Mr. Parker, shall I go now?" The brand manager carefully watched his expression while cautiously asking the question. 
"Mmm." Frank Parker waved his hand, "Go ahead." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker." 
The brand manager immediately turned and walked towards the exit, but just as he reached the door, Frank called out to him again. 
He quickly turned back around: "Mr. Parker, do you have any other instructions?" 
Frank Parker thought for a moment and said: "Help them pay their bill. Also, have someone send some good food and drinks over. Right, also prepare a bouquet of flowers and send it over. Remember, don’t let her know it was me who asked you to do this." 
Brand manager: "...Yes." 
What does Mr. Parker mean by this? 
Is he trying to pursue that newbie? 
Then why doesn’t he show up himself. 
And he doesn’t want her to know that he did all this. 
It’s as if he’s secretly crushing on her. 
But with Mr. Parker’s status, does he need to secretly crush on any woman? If he wants a woman, it’s just a matter of saying the word. 
Let alone a newbie with no notable background. 
He thought that if Mr. Parker liked her, he could just casually play around with her. 
He doesn’t even need to give her any status. 
But Mr. Parker’s current approach, he really couldn’t understand. 
It seemed like he was secretly crushing on her. 
That was Frank Parker, after all. 
He could just straight up pursue a woman he liked.
With a belly full of confusion, the brand manager left. 
He didn’t know what Mr. Parker was thinking, nor did he dare to ask. 
As a qualified subordinate, he just had to do what he was told. 
* 
After the brand manager left, Frank Parker asked everyone else in the private room to leave as well. 
He sat alone in the large private room, gazing outside the window, but his eyes lacked focus. 
Memories of that night played back like a movie in his mind. 
But this time, the blurry white figure in his mind became clear. 
That blurred face now had clear contours. 
He couldn’t remember how many times he had regretted not finding out the truth sooner. 
Why, when he finally knew the truth and wanted to make amends, was it already too late? 
Why wasn’t there even a chance for him to discover the truth just a little bit earlier? 
Why! 
Why, now that he finally had a woman he liked, a woman he wanted to treat well, did he not have any more chances? 
Why did she have to marry his good friend? 
Even if he didn’t mind whether or not she was married, could he steal his brother’s woman?
###Chapter 1121: Chapter 1119: She terminated the contract with Benington Group as soon as there was a problem
Now it’s all too late. 
All he can do to make it up to her is to help her in her career. 
But that’s not the outcome he wants. 
He would rather use the remaining time of his life to make it up to her. 
"Joanna Lawrence," Frank Parker stared out the window for a while, before he brought back his gaze with a wry smile. He muttered to himself, "Why did you save me, but never told me? Was it because my behavior disappointed you at that meeting? So, you pretended not to know me. At that time, did you ever regret it? Regret saving such a terrible person like me." 
"But if you had told me earlier that you were the girl that night, how could I have treated you like that?" 
"Ten years, a full ten years. In these ten years, you often appeared in my dreams. In fact, every time I wake up from those dreams, I would feel confused, wondering why I couldn’t find that feeling from that night with Rebecca Kelloway." 
"She told me she saved me. Even though I felt something was off, I still believed her. For ten years, I firmly believed she was my lifesaver." 
"How could I be so stupid?" 
"I never suspected her of deceiving me." 
As he spoke, he started to laugh at himself: "So I deserved to be deceived by her for ten years. I didn’t even realize I was being deceived for ten whole years. If she didn’t deceive someone like me, who would she deceive?" 
"Joanna Lawrence, do I really have to give up on you? But I truly don’t want to let you go." 
"Why did you have to marry Ashton Heath of all people? I never won a single competition against him." 
So what can he do now? 
What would it matter if he didn’t want to give up? 
Even if Joanna Lawrence wasn’t married yet, could he compete with Ashton Heath? 
* 
Joanna Lawrence was browsing her blog when she saw two hot blog posts. 
One was about David Benington. 
One was about Annie Lawrence. 
Financial News Official Blog reported that Benington Group had suffered a heavy blow overnight, with a significant drop in its stock market share price. 
At the same time, Annie Lawrence, who hadn’t updated her blog for a long time, finally updated with a new post. 
It was a post about terminating her contract with Galaxy Agency. 
Annie Lawrence V: Have peacefully terminated the contract with Galaxy Agency. I will no longer be an artist with Galaxy Agency. I hope everyone will be well in the future. I’m sorry to have worried my dear Angels. I’m still doing well. 
As soon as Annie Lawrence’s post was published, it quickly became a hot topic. 
Since it was posted around the same time as the one about Benington Group being hit hard, many people speculated that she terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency because of the crisis at the Benington Group. 
If not, the timing was just too coincidental. 
Not terminating earlier, not terminating later, but doing it when problems arose with the Benington Group. 
Many onlookers commented on her post, saying that she was too pragmatic. 
Although it’s not unusual for people to abandon someone in their time of need, 
she shouldn’t have posted about terminating her contract at a time like this. 
It seemed too eager. 
And too heartless. 
After all, she was made famous by Galaxy Agency. 
She didn’t even help them through their difficulties, but instead terminated her contract with them at this time. 
Such behavior inevitably leaves people feeling cold. 
Annie Lawrence’s fans still supported her as always, refuting the onlookers by saying that their Annie must not have terminated the contract just because of Benington Group’s crisis. There must be many unknown reasons behind it.
###Chapter 1122: Chapter 1120: Had an Abortion in Senior High School.
They claimed that Annie Lawrence terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency because the president of the agency had wronged her. 
She only proposed termination after she became despondent. 
Because of this, soon, someone brought up the incident where David Benington knelt on the street seeking Joanna Lawrence’s reconciliation. 
They claimed that Annie Lawrence terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency because the president of the agency had wronged her. 
She only proposed termination after she became despondent. 
Because of this, soon, someone brought up the incident where David Benington knelt on the street seeking Joanna Lawrence’s reconciliation. 
Fans rushed to defend Annie: When her own boyfriend publicly pleaded with his ex-girlfriend for reconciliation, did he ever consider Annie’s feelings? It was David who wronged our Annie first. Annie only became despondent and decided to leave Galaxy Agency. I ask those who accused Annie of adding insult to injury, if your boyfriend (or girlfriend) did something wrong to you, completely disregarding your feelings, wouldn’t you mind? Wouldn’t you feel sad? It was indeed the best choice for Annie to leave Galaxy. If she kept acting like nothing happened and stayed with Galaxy and that man, we fans would be disappointed. 
Exactly, who said Annie did wrong? She did extremely well. Why should she show any consideration towards a man who has betrayed her? She should have left Galaxy long ago! 
Although David is a scum, doesn’t anyone feel that Joanna is also treacherous? She has already broken up with her ex-boyfriend, but still keeps him on a string. I don’t believe that without any insinuations from her, David would dare to do such a thing in public. 
I agree with the comment above. If the woman didn’t give out some hints, the man wouldn’t publicly beg for reconciliation so ostentatiously. In conclusion, the woman is truly a treacherous person. But she initially acted like a victim, and washed her hands of all the blame, which is also impressive. 
It’s not because she’s impressive, but because her sugar daddy behind her is powerful. Have you all forgotten who stepped forward to fix things for her back then? I think everybody already knows what kind of person she truly is, we just don’t dare to offend her because of the power behind her. 
Are you referring to Mr. Parker from the Parker family? Let me tell you, all those rumors about her and Mr. Parker are true. A friend of mine told me she saw David Benington and Joanna Lawrence publicly flirting on the street, and Mr. Parker saw them. Mr. Parker was so angry that he beat up David right there in public. Joanna Lawrence sure is a clever woman. On one hand, she keeps her ex-boyfriend hanging, and on the other hand, she clings to a rich man. Well, it shows that appearance is justice these days. With a pretty face, you can indeed live off your looks. 
Joanna Lawrence is a siren, an innocence pretender. She hangs not only David Benington and Frank Parker but also Gary White. Otherwise, how could she possibly become the Female Lead 1 in Gary’s new TV series? As a newcomer with no significant work to her name, how did she manage to secure the role of Female Lead 1? 
Joanna Lawrence is truly disgusting, always presenting a pure and innocent fa?ade, but who knows how many men she has slept with in private? An acquaintance of my sister was in the same school with her, he said she used to seduce men everywhere, and led a particularly chaotic life. 
Whispering, I have a friend who was in the same school with Joanna Lawrence. He said she had an abortion in senior high school, and it wasn’t just once. It was my friend’s mom who performed the abortion, so this is absolutely true.
###Chapter 1123: Chapter 1121: What Kind of Constitution Does She Have?
In the past, it was reported on the school forum that she had an abortion, but it was later refuted as a rumor to tarnish her image. I remember that the IP address of the person who posted it was exposed, and it was said to be from a post written by Annie Lawrence. 
I also heard about the abortion in senior high school. But you guys should not discuss this further, or she might send you a lawyer’s letter. 
Hahaha, let her send the lawyer’s letter, I’m not afraid. 
Soon, the old scandals that had been settled for a while were once again brought to the top of the hot search. 
Topics like #JoannaLawrenceInnocencePretender, #JoannaLawrenceThreeSugarDaddies, #JoannaLawrenceClimbingByUnspokenRules, and #JoannaLawrenceHighSchoolAbortion are all on the hot search list. 
As a result, the news about Benington Group’s loss and Annie Lawrence’s termination with Galaxy Agency had fewer and fewer discussions. 
All kinds of scandals about Joanna Lawrence became the subject of a new round of heated debate. 
Quite a few netizens claimed to be friends or classmates from the same school she attended in high and middle school, and gave their testimony to confirm the abortion in high school. 
Many netizens were simply popcorn eaters, only interested in gossip. 
And they didn’t really know about Joanna Lawrence. 
Suddenly, many people came out and exposed Joanna’s abortion, each speaking with certainty, making others believe it even more from their initial doubt. 
Underage abortion is indeed a damaging matter. 
There are not many loyal fans in Joanna’s million-strong fan base. 
Her few fans who were willing to speak up for her just posted a comment in her defense but were instantly attacked by a large group of netizens. They quickly deleted their comments out of fear. 
And they didn’t dare to defend her anymore. 
For a while, the blog was full of abusive comments. 
The hot topic of her "high school abortion" attracted more and more discussion. 
In less than an hour, she topped the blog’s 24-hour hot search list. 
By the time Joanna was scrolling through her blog, her hot searches had already garnered a high number of clicks. 
When she saw the "Joanna Lawrence High School Abortion" hot search, Linda also received a call from the company. 
A few minutes later, Linda hung up the phone and looked up at her, frowning. "Joanna, you’ve been targeted again. But don’t worry, the company just called me and said they will suppress those scandals as soon as possible." 
Joanna had also seen her scandals. 
She exited the app with a speechless expression. "Linda, did the company really think it through? There’s still time to change their mind. I could..." 
She didn’t know how she kept attracting scandals. 
It seemed like every other day, she would be surrounded by them. 
"It’s just some minor issues." Linda reassured her, "You can rest assured that the company will handle it quickly. In fact, having scandals now might not necessarily be a bad thing." 
"How is this not a bad thing?" Joanna couldn’t completely ignore the scandals related to her, and the joy from signing the Color Vista endorsement was greatly diminished by the scandals.
She looked upset. "Am I the one with the most troubles in the company now?" 
She knew in her heart that if Garret Twain hadn’t found out about her relationship with Ashton, she would have already terminated her contract with HE Company. 
Linda looked at her unhappy face and smiled, her expression quite relaxed. It seemed like she was not worried about Joanna’s new scandals:
###Chapter 1124: Chapter 1122: Knowing He’s Moved by It
"Indeed, among all the artists I’ve signed, you have the most scandals in such a short period, and you also hit the hot search list the most times because of these scandals and gossips." 
"I just said that this might not necessarily be a bad thing, because it’s actually a sign too." 
"A sign? What kind of sign?" 
"The sign of becoming popular. Do you know how difficult it is for other artists to get on the hot search list even once? Paying to get there doesn’t necessarily guarantee any real traffic. But you’ve got all these real views, and the company didn’t even spend a penny on it." 
Joanna: "..." 
She would rather not be on such hot search lists. 
"So will these scandals affect my new endorsement deals?" Although Linda seemed nonchalant, Joanna was still worried inside. 
She had signed with Color Vista, and she was now the celebrity endorser of the brand. 
Since any scandal during her endorsement period would definitely impact the brand’s image, would she have to pay for it if there was an effect on the brand’s image? 
Joanna thought of the scandals Lisha Alcock had faced. After those scandals had erupted, Gary White not only replaced her as Female Lead 1, but also demanded that she pay the penalty for breach of contract. 
She couldn’t help but feel afraid in her heart. 
All she wanted was to make money, not to lose it. 
"There will be some impact, but it’s not a big problem." Linda spoke truthfully, "Every popular artist has had some scandals. Even if there were no scandals, those who wanted to bring you down would still dig up some for you. But scandals without solid evidence have limited damage." 
"When people from Color Vista come over later, I’ll have a good talk with them. I know what you’re worried about, so don’t worry, I’ll talk with them about all the concerns before the formal signing of the contract." 
"By the way, did you know that Annie Lawrence has terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency?" Linda remembered what Garret Twain had mentioned earlier and her eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
Joanna nodded: "Yes, I just saw the blog post she made about it." 
Joanna was not surprised at all that Annie would terminate her contract with Galaxy Agency. 
Since David Benington had decided to break up with her, she would definitely not stay in Galaxy Agency. 
Moreover, now that the Benington Group had issues, Annie would be even less likely to stay in Galaxy Agency. 
When she first seduced David, it was because she saw the conditions he had and was attracted to the Benington family background. 
If the Benington family fell from grace and lost their previous status, how could a pragmatist like Annie stay with David through thick and thin? 
"Just now, Mr. Tucker called me and told me that Annie called him an hour ago, saying she wanted to sign with HE Company and offered a low signing price. Mr. Tucker is tempted and asked me if I would mind." 
Although Garret Twain was on good terms with Linda privately, he still had a businessman’s mindset that prioritized profits. 
Even though he asked Linda if she would mind, it also meant that he was considering signing Annie to HE Company. 
Otherwise, he could have directly refused Annie. 
There would be no need to call Linda and ask if she would mind. 
Linda understood him, so she knew he was tempted. 
After the call, she was actually a bit annoyed. 
If Annie signed with HE Company, she would obviously not be working with Linda. 
But being in the same company, they would still encounter each other inevitably. 
Also, considering Annie’s current fame, her resources would not be too bad if she signed with HE Company. After that, there would be inevitable conflicts over resources.
###Chapter 1125: Chapter 1123: From now on, they’ll be your competitors.
In short, Linda absolutely did not want to be in the same company as Annie Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback: "Annie wants to sign with HE Company?" 
"Yeah." 
"Has Mr. Tucker agreed?" 
"He hasn’t agreed yet, but I think Mr. Tucker wants to sign her. Joanna, if Annie really signs with HE Company, can you accept it?" 
Linda’s reply to Garret Twain was to let him deal with it at his discretion. 
She guessed that in the end, Garret Twain would probably sign Annie Lawrence. 
She didn’t particularly mind. 
She and Annie Lawrence had some unpleasantness between them, but as long as she didn’t have to manage Annie, she could accept it even if she minded it a bit. 
What she was more concerned about was Joanna’s opinion. 
"Linda, if the company really wants to sign Annie Lawrence, I have no problem with it." Joanna thought about it before answering Linda, "I can understand the company’s actions too." 
For HE Company, between her and Annie, it was clear that Annie would bring more benefits to the company. 
Annie had become a top-tier artist. 
As much as Joanna didn’t like Annie, she couldn’t deny that she couldn’t compete with her at the moment. 
It wouldn’t be difficult for Annie, who had broken her contract with Galaxy Agency, to find another good company to work with. 
Her fame was well-known. 
"You really understand?" Linda looked at her. "If Annie signs with HE Company, she will be your competitor in the future. You really don’t mind?" 
Joanna Lawrence smiled: "Linda, the company focuses on its interests, so I can understand their actions. Besides, even if Annie and I are in the same company, we won’t see each other every day." 
"Well, as long as you can accept it." Linda nodded, pleased, "If Annie really comes to HE Company, don’t worry, I won’t let you lose to her. Even to save face, I won’t let her take advantage of my artists." 
"I’ve managed her for two years, and I’m well aware of her capabilities. Though she’s no longer with Galaxy, she can’t have the same quality of resources, nor can she be as carefree as she was at Galaxy. If she really signs with HE Company, her development will be limited." 
"But you’re different." Linda looked at Joanna with admiration, "You’re in a much better position than Annie. You just need someone to support you. Now that Mr. Tucker knows about your relationship with President Ashton, he will share some of his resources with us in the future." 
"It’s only a matter of time before you become popular, maybe a year or two. I believe you will surpass Annie soon." 
Joanna had no doubt about Linda’s capabilities. 
In fact, most of Galaxy’s top-tier artists were brought up by Linda. 
Ironically, Annie Lawrence was one of the people Linda had made famous. 
* 
They didn’t wait long in the private room before there was a knock on the door. 
Linda got up to open the door, and upon seeing the person outside, she extended one hand with a smile: "Mr. Southey, hello, we meet again." 
Mr. Southey was Color Vista’s Regional General Manager. 
He came in with his secretary, and as he entered the private room, he saw Joanna standing inside. Before she had a chance to greet him, he hurriedly walked up to her and extended his hand: "Ms. Joanna, right? Hello, hello, it’s a pleasure to meet you." 
His enthusiasm mixed with a bit of eagerness made Joanna pause. 
She blinked, looking at Linda with confusion, her eyes asking who this man was.
###Chapter 1126: Chapter 1124: I Don’t Know What Ms. Kelloway Wants to See Me For
Linda immediately came over and introduced her, "Joanna, this is Mr. Southey of Color Vista. He is in charge of all affairs of Color Vista’s makeup in Australand." 
Hearing that he was the CEO of the brand, Joanna immediately reached out to shake his hand and lowered her stance, "Mr. Southey, hello, I’m Joanna Lawrence." 
"I’ve seen photos of Ms. Joanna." As Mr. Southey spoke, he raised his eyes and looked at Joanna a few times, secretly sighing in his heart that it was no wonder Frank Parker had changed his mind and given up on such a high-quality woman like Ms. Rebecca to become infatuated with a newcomer in the entertainment industry.
Wow, this newcomer was much better looking in person than in her photos. 
Originally, she was already like a fairy in her photos. 
But in person, she was even more of a fairy. 
At the first glance he had taken earlier, he had felt a little moved. 
"Ms. Joanna looks much better in person than in her photos. Her appearance and temperament are both very suitable for our Color Vista’s brand image. It’s an honor for us to work with Ms. Joanna, and we hope to have a pleasant cooperation." 
Knowing that Frank Parker was genuinely interested in this newcomer, Mr. Southey dared not be negligent in the slightest. 
He wouldn’t even really treat her as just a newcomer. 
Moreover, after seeing Joanna in person, his previous dissatisfaction had suddenly decreased a lot. 
Although she was a little-known newcomer. 
She really was pretty. 
Both her temperament and appearance were top-notch. 
Color Vista had never used a newcomer before, but it didn’t mean they couldn’t use one. 
They didn’t use newcomers because they didn’t want to take risks. 
Mr. Southey’s attitude was so good that Joanna felt uneasy. 
She felt a bit overwhelmed. 
She hurriedly said, "Mr. Southey is overpraising me. It’s an honor for me to work with Color Vista. Thank you for giving me the opportunity, I will perform well." 
"I believe Ms. Joanna’s performance will not disappoint us." Following Frank Parker’s instructions, Mr. Southey took the flowers from his secretary’s hand, then smiled and handed them to Joanna, "Here’s to a pleasant cooperation." 
Joanna looked at the flowers he handed to her and couldn’t help but be taken aback again. 
She hesitated for several seconds before taking the flowers from Mr. Southey’s hand under Linda’s urging gaze. 
"Thank you, Mr. Southey." 
After accepting the flowers, she felt that something was off. 
But for a moment, she couldn’t figure out what was wrong. 
* 
On the other side. 
It was a private club as well. 
Annie Lawrence got out of a red Maserati and the waiter standing at the door saw her and immediately came forward, "Hello, are you Ms. Annie Lawrence?" 
Annie nodded. 
The waiter smiled and said, "Ms. Lawrence, please follow me." 
Annie followed the waiter into the Luxe Lounge, and the waiter led her to a private room. He knocked on the door. 
After obtaining consent from the person inside, the waiter opened the door and made a gesture inviting Annie in, "Ms. Lawrence, please come in." 
Annie hesitated for a moment and then walked into the room. 
When she entered the private room, the waiter closed the door from the outside. 
Annie saw Rebecca Kelloway sitting on the sofa, stood at the door for a few seconds before walking towards her. 
"Ms. Lawrence, you’ve arrived." Rebecca looked up at her and smiled, "Please have a seat, Ms. Lawrence." 
Annie walked to the side opposite of Rebecca, looked down at her for a while, and then sat down. 
"Ms. Kelloway." Annie was clear about Rebecca’s identity, and her attitude was very polite when she spoke to her, "I don’t know what business Ms. Kelloway has with me." 
Deep in her heart, Annie was very puzzled.
###Chapter 1127: Chapter 1125: Don’t Even Think About That Little Wench!
She didn’t know Rebecca Kelloway. 
To be precise, she knew who Rebecca Kelloway was, but they had never interacted before. 
Rebecca Kelloway was not from her world. 
A young lady from a top wealthy family was someone she couldn’t even dream of getting close to. 
So she was curious why Rebecca Kelloway suddenly asked to meet with her, saying that there was an important matter to discuss. 
"No rush." Rebecca Kelloway smiled and handed her an exquisite menu, "Ms. Joanna, order some water first. We’ll chat slowly later." 
With a hint of caution in her eyes, Annie Lawrence grabbed the menu and casually ordered a glass of water. 
"I saw the news today. Have you already terminated your contract with Galaxy Agency, Ms. Joanna?" 
Rebecca took a sip from her coffee cup on the table, as if asking casually. 
Although Annie couldn’t figure out what she was up to, she still replied politely, "Yes, I have terminated my contract with Galaxy Agency." 
"Ms. Joanna just terminated her contract today, so she probably hasn’t found an appropriate new company yet. Does Ms. Joanna have any plans in mind or thought about which company to sign with in the future?" 
Annie looked at her with an inquisitive gaze. After hesitating for a moment, she replied, "I haven’t decided yet." 
She actually had plans in her heart. 
Looking at the entire entertainment industry, HE Company was the best at promoting talent and had the most abundant and superior resources. 
Although the competition was also fierce. 
But Annie was confident in herself. 
If she could join HE Company, her future development would only get better and better. 
Besides... 
That little bitch Joanna Lawrence was also in HE Company now, and judging from the company’s attitude towards her, it seemed that they intended to push her career. 
There was no way she would give that little bitch a chance to turn her life around! 
As long as she joined HE Company, that little bitch wouldn’t have a chance! 
However, she didn’t intend to tell Rebecca Kelloway the truth. 
She still didn’t know what Rebecca was up to, and whether she was a friend or a foe. 
"Oh, is that so." Rebecca Kelloway smiled, then leaned back slightly in her chair. "Ms. Joanna has a sister, right? She’s also in the entertainment industry. Have you ever considered joining the same company as your sister?" 
"Oh, right, I forgot." Before Annie could answer, Rebecca continued, "Sorry, Ms. Joanna. I just forgot about the discord between you and your sister. I hope you don’t mind." 
Rebecca was expressive and polite, not showing any kind of superiority due to her wealthy young lady status.
However, Annie could still feel that Rebecca subtly looked down on her. 
This disdain wasn’t expressed directly, but rather unintentionally revealed through her gaze, gestures, and movements. 
But Annie didn’t think much of it. 
After all, Rebecca’s background was there for everyone to see. It was normal for her to look down on someone like Annie. 
Annie was fully aware of the gap between herself and Rebecca. 
"Ms. Kelloway seems to know a lot about the matters between me and my sister." With an inquisitive look in her eyes, Annie asked tentatively, "Did Ms. Kelloway ask to meet me today because of my sister?" 
It was said that Mr. Parker had a crush on Ms. Rebecca Kelloway. 
He had no real girlfriend by his side all these years, all because of Ms. Joanna. 
And recently, Frank Parker and Joanna Lawrence had been involved in a series of scandals. 
So, Annie surmised that Rebecca’s main reason for seeking her out was likely related to these scandals involving Frank Parker and Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 1128: Chapter 1126: My sister Joanna indeed has an unusual relationship with Mr. Parker
So she wants to find out the truth through her? 
If that’s the case, she can’t miss this opportunity. 
That little bitch Joanna Lawrence has been a bit too smug lately. 
If Ms. Rebecca Kelloway wants to deal with her, even if Joanna is clinging to Mr. Parker’s thigh, Mr. Parker will definitely side with Ms. Rebecca Kelloway. 
With Ms. Rebecca Kelloway’s help, she can teach that bitch a lesson! 
At this thought, Annie Lawrence’s attitude became enthusiastic, and the guard in her eyes lessened a lot: "Ms. Kelloway, if you want to learn something from me, as long as I know about it, I will not hide anything." 
Rebecca Kelloway curled her lips, and her gaze at Annie Lawrence became more meaningful: "Ms. Joanna, you are a clever person. I enjoy dealing with intelligent people. Because it’s not tiring to talk and get things done with such people."
"Since you have guessed the purpose of my appointment, I will not beat around the bush." 
Seeing that her guess was correct, a hint of joy filled Annie Lawrence’s heart. 
Great, Ms. Rebecca Kelloway is really seeing her because of that little slut Joanna Lawrence. 
It seems that it is indeed due to the rumors between the little slut and young master Parker. 
The little slut deserves misfortune. 
Whose man could she provoke? She just had to mess with Ms. Rebecca Kelloway’s man. 
Though Ms. Rebecca Kelloway and Frank Parker were not together. 
But the relationship between the two must be very ambiguous. 
Ms. Rebecca Kelloway would never allow her admirer, with whom she shares an ambiguous relationship, to stir up ambiguous scandals with other women. 
Since the little bitch wants to court death. 
She doesn’t mind making her die faster! 
"Ms. Kelloway, do you want to ask me whether the scandal between my sister and Mr. Parker is true or false?" Annie Lawrence thinks she guessed it correctly and can’t wait to show off, "I know about this matter. Those rumors are real. My sister does have an unusual relationship with Mr. Parker." 
Actually, Annie Lawrence doesn’t know what is the relationship between Frank Parker and Joanna Lawrence. 
Like the other popcorn eaters, she learns about the issue from the blogs’ rumors. 
But in front of Rebecca Kelloway, she pretends to know everything about the whole affair. With an unreleneting look, and without blinking, she lies: "Mr. Parker was not interested in her in the beginning, but my sister never gives up unless she achieves her goal. Whenever she sets her sights on a man, she spares no effort to get him. Relying on her good looks and being proactive, she has successfully seduced countless men since she was young. Ms. Joanna, you should know that it’s difficult for men to refuse a good-looking and proactive woman." 
"But I guess Mr. Parker is just playing with her. However..." 
As Annie Lawrence speaks, she secretly observes Rebecca Kelloway’s expression. Seeing her face darken, and realizing she’s angry, Annie delightfully continues: "My sister is a very scheming and unscrupulous woman. I am afraid that when Mr. Parker gets tired of her and wants to dump her, she will cling to him and refuse to let go." 
Even if Frank Parker is only playing with Joanna Lawrence, Annie Lawrence feels extremely unbalanced in her heart. 
What’s so good about that little bitch Joanna? Besides her pretty face. 
Why was she able to attract a high-quality man like Frank Parker? 
After Annie finished speaking, she saw Rebecca Kelloway’s face darken even more.
###Chapter 1129: Chapter 1127: She Hates This Despicable Person to Death
Her heart swelled with joy. 
Once Ms. Rebecca took action, that little slut Joanna would definitely suffer. 
No matter how Rebecca would deal with her, as long as that little slut had a hard time, her heart would be pleased. 
How could she feel balanced if she was having bad luck now, while that little slut thrived and prospered? 
"Ms. Kelloway, I heard that you and Mr. Parker have been good friends since childhood. You must remind Mr. Parker not to fall for my sister’s tricks. My sister is really manipulative. Many men have been fooled by her schemes." 
Rebecca listened to her words, her face sinking into a cold smile: "Your sister is indeed very manipulative and resourceful." 
The man she loved the most, the man who loved her deeply, all were taken away by Joanna. 
It was all because of that calculating and powerful slut, Joanna! 
She had never hated anyone so much since she was young. 
But now, she had someone to hate. She hated Joanna, hated this slut for taking away the things she cherished most. 
The people around her were all snatched away by that slut, one by one. 
First was Ashton Heath, then Frank Parker... 
Even the only remaining member of their group, Yannick Luther, was on that slut’s side. 
The few men she had grown up with were all revolving around that slut. 
She could no longer enjoy the treatment she once had. 
It was clear that she was the most favored one before. 
She was the only girl in their group, so she had always received more care and attention since she was young. 
Whether it was Frank Parker or Yannick Luther, or even the aloof Ashton Heath, they treated her differently from others. 
She had been cared for and pampered for so many years. 
But now, someone had taken what belonged to her. 
That slut Joanna had not only taken away the man she loved but also snatched Frank Parker, who had always been by her side. 
She hated that slut to death. 
"She’s been a scheming person since she was young." Annie looked at Rebecca’s increasingly ugly expression and continued to pour oil on the fire, "Actually, it’s not surprising that Mr. Parker has fallen for her tricks. There isn’t a man she’s set her sights on who hasn’t been bewitched by her." 
"I’m just worried that Mr. Parker won’t see her true colors and will be deceived by her. So I hope, Ms. Kelloway, that you can give him a heads-up. With your relationship with Mr. Parker, he will definitely listen to your words." 
Rebecca thought of her current relationship with Frank, and her face became even more unpleasant. 
Joanna took away the two men she cherished most. 
She would never let that little slut live comfortably. 
"Ms. Joanna, after hearing so much from you, it seems you have a lot of complaints about your sister." Rebecca didn’t forget her main purpose for meeting Annie, she looked at her with a hooked smile, "Were you and your sister on bad terms since childhood? Or is it because of that David Benington, causing discord between you sisters?" 
Upon mentioning David, Annie couldn’t help but feel cold. 
She knew early on when she successfully hooked up with David that he was not a good man. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have ended up in her bed. 
However, she didn’t expect David’s scumbaggery to far exceed her imagination. 
Everyone thought it was her and Galaxy Agency that proposed the termination of the contract. 
But in fact, it was that scumbag David who forced her to break up with Galaxy Agency. 
He wanted to win back Joanna, so he forced her to break up and then forced her to leave Galaxy Agency.
###Chapter 1130: Chapter 1128: Standing on the Same Front
She posted the termination of contract on her blog today, but in fact, she had already been forced to sign the contract by David Benington days ago. 
Now, Annie Lawrence is extremely grateful that she signed that contract. 
If she hadn’t, David would definitely not let her go now. 
If the Benington Group really collapses, her staying at Galaxy Agency would just ruin her career. 
Annie felt extremely relieved as well. 
She didn’t have much affection for David at first, but his later actions disgusted her a lot. 
Thinking of the child who was slapped away by David, hatred flickered in her eyes. 
She couldn’t wait for the Benington Group to go bankrupt. 
This is what that bastard David deserves! 
"Since Ms. Kelloway already knows about my sister, she should know that Joanna and I are not full siblings. Because of this, she has been treating me badly since childhood and has never regarded me as a sister." 
"So it’s not that I have a big problem with her, but the things she has done make it impossible for me not to have an opinion about her. I have tried to mend our sisterhood, but she is not willing." 
"Ms. Kelloway, if you had such a sister, how would you get along with her?" 
"So that’s how it is." Rebecca Kelloway seemed thoughtful and nodded, "In that case, Ms. Joanna and Joanna have had a bad relationship since childhood?" 
"Yes." Annie nodded and said solemnly, "She doesn’t like me, and I don’t like her either. We are sisters, but worse than strangers." 
Rebecca’s eyes flickered gently: "Has Ms. Joanna ever considered that maybe the reason you and Joanna don’t get along isn’t because you are half-sisters?" 
Annie paused, a swift change of color in her eyes, "What do you mean by that, Ms. Kelloway?" 
Rebecca looked at her and said slowly, "What do I mean, Ms. Joanna? You know what I mean, don’t you? Since both of us don’t like Joanna Lawrence, then we can assume we’re on the same side." 
"So why don’t we join hands to get rid of this annoying woman from our world? What do you think?" 
Annie looked at her in surprise: "Ms. Kelloway, are you...?" 
"Annie Lawrence, I know you detest Joanna. So from childhood, whatever nice things she had, you wanted to snatch them away. The most successful and satisfying thing you’ve done is to snatch her fiance, David Benington." 
Annie’s face changed slightly. 
She opened her mouth to speak, but Rebecca gestured for her not to. 
"You did these things only to prove that you are better than her, that whatever you want, you can snatch it from her. Of course, since you don’t like her, or even hate her, you also want to use this as a way to anger her, to make her suffer." 
"But she’s not as down-and-out as you thought she would be. She’s not only doing well but also getting better and better whether in career or love, surpassing your current situation." 
"Do you hate her even more and feel even more unwilling in your heart? Do you really want to change everything that exists now, and snatch all those good things from her hands once again?" 
Annie wanted to deny this. 
She wanted to tell Rebecca that she wasn’t that kind of person.
But as the words reached the tip of her tongue and she looked at Rebecca sitting across from her, she fell silent.
###Chapter 1131: Chapter 1129: Helping You Achieve Everything You Desire in Your Heart
It must be said that Rebecca Kelloway had analyzed her psychology thoroughly. 
She had hit the nail on the head regarding how she felt inside. 
Yes, she hated Joanna, and she detested Joanna. 
Ever since she could remember, she had deeply despised her half-sister with the same father but different mothers. 
No, Joanna was not her sister at all. 
She had wondered before why she couldn’t warm up to this sister. 
It was only after Rose Liall revealed the truth to her that she came to understand completely. 
Joanna was not her sister at all. 
There was no blood relation between them. 
However, she couldn’t understand why Benjamin treated a daughter with no blood relationship like she was his own, even better than how he treated her, his true daughter. 
He made Joanna appear to be his own child, while she, his actual daughter, seemed to have no blood relation to him at all. 
She felt a tremendous imbalance in her heart. 
As Joanna grew up and became more and more beautiful, dazzlingly so. 
In addition to her excellent grades, which often earned praise from school teachers, Benjamin also grew more and more fond of her. 
On the other hand, her, the biological daughter, was neglected. 
What was most hateful was that Joanna, the wretched, even stole her first love. 
It was the first time she had been infatuated with a boy. 
However, when she mustered the courage to confess to the boy, he said that he liked Joanna. 
He even handed her a love letter and asked her to deliver it to Joanna. 
This was an absolute humiliation for her!
How could she not hate that wretched Joanna! 
So ever since then, she had tried her best to snatch away anything that Joanna cared about. 
Seeing her silent, Rebecca Kelloway smiled again, "As long as you’re willing, I can help you achieve everything your heart desires. You want to live better than Joanna, to surpass her in every way, don’t you?" 
"As long as you cooperate with me, listen to me, and do everything according to my instructions. I promise that soon your life will be a hundred times better than now. Your status and position will undergo earth-shaking changes." 
Annie’s eyes were shining, and it was obvious that her heart was moved. She clenched her hand tightly on the table edge, suppressing her inner excitement: "What does Ms. Kelloway want me to do?" 
"Answer one question first." Rebecca Kelloway looked at her, her eyes gently flickering, "Is Joanna not really part of the Lawrence family? She doesn’t share the same father or mother with you, right?" 
Annie looked up in shock. 
Rebecca Kelloway saw her reaction and knew she had guessed correctly. 
Her face darkened involuntarily, and one hand at her side clenched little by little. 
Joanna...really was not part of the Lawrence family. 
"It seems she really isn’t part of the Lawrence family." Rebecca Kelloway suddenly remembered the birthmark that Madam White had mentioned and leaned toward Annie with an eager and excited look on her face. 
"Even if you and Joanna don’t get along, you two grew up together. Do you know if she has a birthmark on her body?" 
"A birthmark?" Annie was startled. 
"Yes, a birthmark." Rebecca Kelloway took a deep breath, "A red birthmark. Have you seen one like that on any part of her body? Don’t rush, think carefully." 
Annie looked at Rebecca Kelloway’s anxious expression and hesitated for a moment before asking, "Ms. Kelloway, do you... know who Joanna’s biological parents are?" 
How exactly did Rebecca Kelloway know that Joanna was not part of the Lawrence family? Although Annie was curious, she wasn’t particularly surprised.
###Chapter 1132: Chapter 1130: Where is that birthmark... located?
From what Rebecca Kelloway said earlier, it was clear that she had already investigated Joanna Lawrence. 
With the power of the Kelloway family, finding out that Joanna isn’t part of the Lawrence family is not impossible. 
As for the birthmark that Rebecca Kelloway just mentioned, Annie Lawrence thought carefully and her complexion changed slightly. 
Because she had seen that birthmark on Joanna before. 
Indeed, that birthmark was red. 
And it was in a secretive location. 
But how did Rebecca Kelloway know about this? 
"First, answer my question. Does Joanna Lawrence have a red birthmark on her body?" 
Annie Lawrence was silent for a moment and nodded, "Yes." 
Although Rebecca Kelloway was already mentally prepared, when she heard this answer, her heart still thumped, and her face changed. 
The tightly clenched hand of hers dug nails into her palm. 
She bit her lip, and at that instant, an indescribable anger surged in her heart. 
Joanna Lawrence actually has a red birthmark on her body! 
What she was most worried about actually happened. 
Why? Why is it like this? 
Why does what she fears most always become a reality? 
Why is God so cruel to her? 
Why?! 
At the peak of extreme anger, she bit her lips to the point of drawing blood. 
Her nails dug into her palm, as she made red marks on her hand. 
Her voice was trembling as she spoke again, "Where... that birthmark... where is it located?" 
If the location of the growth was also the same, then it would be almost certain. 
Annie Lawrence looked at her with confusion, not knowing why she was so agitated. 
She told Rebecca Kelloway the location of the birthmark on Joanna’s body. 
After listening, Rebecca Kelloway’s face changed drastically in an instant. 
Even a glass of water was knocked over. 
Even the coffee in the glass splashed on her, dirtying her expensive white dress, but she didn’t seem to notice. 
"Ms. Kelloway, are you alright?" Annie Lawrence took out a few tissues from the box on the table and handed them to her, looking at her with suspicion, "Ms. Kelloway, your dress is dirty, do you want to wipe it off?" 
Rebecca Kelloway still had no reaction. 
It took a few seconds before she slowly raised her head. 
When she met her gaze, Annie Lawrence was startled and stuttered, "Ms. Kelloway, are, are you okay?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes turned bloodshot. 
At a glance, it was quite terrifying. 
"Are you sure that Joanna has a red birthmark on her body, and that the birthmark is in the exact location you stated?" 
"Yes, I’m sure." Annie Lawrence nodded without hesitation, "I have seen it a few times. Because the color of the birthmark is very conspicuous, it’s not difficult to notice. Ms. Kelloway, does this birthmark have anything to do with her true birth" 
Recalling the information unearthed by her private detective, Annie Lawrence’s complexion changed as well. 
Just a few days ago, her private detective discovered that the White family was looking for their daughter who had been left outside. 
The age of the daughter of the White family, who was left outside, was the same as Joanna. 
Their birth month was also the same. 
Initially, when the private detective mentioned all this to Annie Lawrence, she did not think much of it. 
After all, throughout Closia, there were many girls of the same age and birth month as the daughter of the White family. 
Annie Lawrence had already identified Joanna Lawrence’s biological parents as fugitive criminals.
###Chapter 1133: Chapter 1132: How Is This Possible?
She had worried whether Joanna’s birth parents might be some sort of important figures. 
But she thought such a possibility was very slim. 
How could that little wretch, Joanna, have such good luck? 
Even if her birth parents were indeed significant people in the past, they must have done something wrong, hence leaving her behind. 
To abandon their biological daughter, they must have committed very serious misdeeds. 
Either they did something illegal and fled abroad. 
Or offended some people they shouldn’t have, and had to leave their daughter behind to save themselves. 
No matter what the reason, it was clear that her birth parents were in a desperate situation when they decided to abandon her. 
And they certainly didn’t make a comeback. 
Otherwise, they would have returned and taken Joanna back long ago. 
How could there be no news at all after more than a decade? 
So when she initially had someone investigate Joanna’s birth parents, she was hoping for the investigation to uncover something embarrassing about Joanna. 
She had never thought that Joanna’s birth parents could be influential people now. 
That petty devil, Joanna just couldn’t have such good fortune. 
But what if Joanna, that little wretch, did have such good luck? 
What if her birth parents are indeed major figures now? 
Thinking about it, Annie’s face grew increasingly grim. 
If that wretch is thriving now and actually has a powerful real background, wouldn’t she far outstrip her in the future? 
"It’s not entirely certain yet, but there’s a lead. So she must be replaced before her real parents recognize her!" 
Joanna can only ever come from such a humble background. 
She cannot possibly be the noble daughter of the White family. 
Even if she were, she’d never give her a chance to reclaim her status. 
"Ms. Kelloway, then who could... my sister’s birth parents possibly be?" When Annie asked this question, she already had a guess in mind. 
But she didn’t believe it was possible. 
It absolutely couldn’t be what she was guessing. 
Yet, while waiting for Rebecca Kelloway to reply, she still held her breath in anxiety. 
"Your people have already investigated up to the White family, I assume you’d have some idea by now." Seeing Annie’s eyes suddenly widen, Rebecca Kelloway spoke two words that even she did not wish to believe or admit, "The White family." 
Annie’s face filled with shock, disbelief in her voice: "The White family? Ms. Kelloway, are you saying that Joanna’s birth parents could be from the White family? You don’t mean that... she could be the missing daughter of the White family, do you?" 
That’s impossible. 
Joanna’s birth parents were fugitive criminals. 
How could they possibly be from the Whites of Closia, one of the four great families? 
The White family... 
They are on par with the Heath, Kelloway, and Luther families, one of the top wealthy families. 
If Joanna is indeed the missing daughter of the White family, wouldn’t her true identity be on par with Ms. Rebecca? 
If Joanna becomes the daughter of the White family, no matter how hard she tries in this lifetime, she will never win against her. 
"Yes." Rebecca Kelloway’s face darkened, her teeth clenched. "If she truly isn’t from the Lawrence family and she has that red birthmark, there’s a high chance she could be the daughter of the White family. Now you understand why I asked to see you, don’t you, Annie?" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes flashed with hatred, her voice icy: "If Joanna is indeed the daughter of the White family, I can’t let her be recognized by the Whites.
###Chapter 1134: Chapter 1131: Becoming a Chess Piece in Her Hand
"The White family will probably start investigating soon. Before they do, we need to ascertain a few things." 
Annie Lawrence was still in shock, clenching her fingers: "Ascertain what?" 
Rebecca Kelloway enunciated each word chillingly: "Ascertain whether she truly is the daughter of the White family." 
"How do we ascertain that?" 
"I’ll handle it." 
"Is there anything I should do for you, Ms. Kelloway?" 
"What you need to do is quite simple and will provide you with boundless advantages to no detriment." Speaking up to here, Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes betrayed a hint of reluctance, then after a few seconds of hesitation, she continued, "Once it is confirmed that Joanna is the daughter of the White family, we must act before them, and have the White family acknowledge you as their daughter." 
Joanna once again widened her eyes in shock: "Have the White family acknowledge me as their daughter? But, but that wouldn’t work. If the White family wants to reclaim their daughter, surely they would run a paternity test, how could I..." 
"I told you, all you need is to cooperate with me. I will arrange everything, including the paternity test you mentioned. Annie Lawrence, once you become the daughter of the White family, your status will be incredibly different from now." 
"If you became the White family’s daughter, in the future, you can have whatever you want. By then, Joanna wouldn’t be able to compete with you. Don’t tell me you’re not tempted..." 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at Annie Lawrence, her eyes filled with disdain. 
She absolutely despised individuals like Annie Lawrence. 
If it weren’t for the fact that she needed her help this time, she wouldn’t deign to interact with such lowly born individuals. 
These low-born people, each one of them harboring such manipulative minds. 
If Joanna was like this, how could Annie Lawrence be any better? 
Making Annie Lawrence the daughter of the White family is a ridiculous bargain for her. 
Regardless how much she dislikes Annie Lawrence, if she can use her against Joanna, she doesn’t mind. 
After all, even if Annie Lawrence became the daughter of the White family, she would still have to obey her words. 
To make the daughter of the White family her pawn, who would obey her commands, would make many things much easier to handle in the future. 
She had weighed the pros and cons a long time ago before setting up this meeting. 
Annie Lawrence looked at her in shock, it took her a while to recover. 
Your face took on an uncontrollable excitement, her heart was pounding uncontrollably: "But, but my age..." 
"You don’t have to worry about all that." Rebecca Kelloway interrupted her directly, "Age can be altered, you just need someone to do it for you. Currently, the most crucial issue is to confirm whether Joanna is the daughter of the White family or not. Also, you need to do some groundwork with your parents." 
"They too need to cooperate with you, only then can this be successful." 
"I believe your parents are intelligent people. They wouldn’t stand in their daughter’s way to a better life." 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at the now tempted Annie Lawrence and extended a hand with a smile, "Annie, looking forward to our successful cooperation. The next time we meet, I might have to address you as the younger Miss White." 
Annie stared at her blankly, then slowly extended her hand a few seconds later. 
Her hand was trembling as she tried to control her shaking voice: "Ms. Kelloway, let..let’s have a successful cooperation." 
The daughter of the White family... 
Can she really become the daughter of the White family? 
The White family she can only look up to, and she considered she would never have any correlation to in this life... 
If she can indeed become the daughter of the White family, wouldn’t she be the same as Rebecca Kelloway, a well-bred heiress?
###Chapter 1135: Chapter 1132: No matter how great her fate is, so what?
Soon, she would also be an envied upper-class, well-bred lady. 
If she became the daughter of the White family... 
Joanna wouldn’t stand a chance against her! 
Even if Joanna got together with Frank Parker, so what? 
Frank Parker was just playing with her. 
But with the identity of the White family’s daughter, things would be different. 
The men she looks up to now would all become her suitors, matching in social and economic status. 
The outstanding men from the Heath, Luther, and Parker families would no longer be beyond her reach. 
She could also meet excellent men like Frank Parker in the future. 
She could be on equal terms with these heavenly princes, and they would no longer be unattainable for her. 
"Ms. Kelloway, can you really make me the daughter of the White family?" Annie said with a trembling voice, afraid to raise her expectations too high and couldn’t help but ask for confirmation again. 
"Of course," Rebecca Kelloway sneered inwardly, but smiled elegantly. "As long as you follow my instructions, I can make you the daughter of the White family. What, don’t you believe me?" 
"No, of course not. How could I not believe in Ms. Kelloway?" Annie hurriedly replied, "I’m just afraid it would be difficult to deceive the people of the White family, and they might catch on." 
"As long as you listen to me and follow my arrangements, you won’t be exposed," Rebecca said impatiently. "If you don’t believe me, or think I don’t have that ability, you can refuse." 
"Annie, I can find a way to make you the daughter of the White family, or I can let someone else gain that identity. I sought you out because I thought we were on the same side and it would save some trouble. But you must understand that I don’t need you." 
Upon hearing this, Annie’s face changed instantly, fearing that Rebecca might change her mind. She immediately tried to appease her with a smile, "Please rest assured, Ms. Kelloway. I am absolutely on the same side as you. Whatever request you have, I will cooperate wholeheartedly." 
"That’s good." 
With an air of arrogance, Rebecca stood up and looked down at her: "Wait for my call. I’ll have someone inform you when everything is arranged." 
After saying that, Rebecca left the private room. 
Only after she left did the smile on Annie’s face slowly fade away. 
She made sure Rebecca was far away and couldn’t hear her voice before she lowered her face and coldly scoffed, "What’s so great about her? Just fortunate to be born with the aristocratic identity of the Kelloway family? Wait till I join the White family. You won’t have anything superior to show off in front of me." 
Annie couldn’t accept that Joanna had such a good real background. 
But at this moment, she hoped that the daughter the White family had left behind was Joanna.
Only then would she have the opportunity to replace Joanna. 
Thinking about that day, Annie was already secretly excited. 
She had taken many things from Joanna. 
But all the things she had taken from Joanna over the years didn’t excite her as much as what she was about to take now. 
She never thought that the little bitch might actually be part of the White family. 
How lucky that little bitch was. 
But what difference would luck make? 
What if she was really the daughter of the White family? 
In the end, all these things would still become hers - Annie’s. 
* 
After Joanna officially signed with Color Vista, the Color Vista official Weibo posted the news that she would be the celebrity endorser for the next season and tagged her.
###Chapter 1136: Chapter 1133: Joanna Lawrence Becomes the Third
She reposted the Blog. 
Joanna Lawrence v: I am very honored to collaborate with my favorite cosmetic brand. Thank you, Color Vista, for trusting me and giving me this great opportunity. I will do my best not to let you down. 
The official Blog of Color Vista signed Joanna Lawrence as their celebrity endorser, and within minutes, there were several thousand comments. 
The comment section was full of people criticizing Color Vista for being blind and choosing an inexperienced small-time artist with scandals as their endorser. 
Many netizens were shouting that they would boycott Color Vista, and if they dared to use Joanna Lawrence as their celebrity endorser, they would not buy any Color Vista products in the future. 
Overall, the comment section was full of criticism. 
It was all about demanding Color Vista to change their endorser, or they would no longer purchase Color Vista products. 
Netizen A: Is Color Vista out of their mind? In the past, they always sought top-tier artists for endorsements. This time, they chose an unknown small-time artist. And with Joanna Lawrence’s questionable character and scandals, isn’t Color Vista afraid of ruining their brand image? 
Netizen B: Who doesn’t know that Color Vista never used newcomers? This must be the first time they broke their rule, right? I don’t understand why they chose Joanna Lawrence, who is wrapped in scandals and doesn’t even have a decent work to her name. Can such an artist represent a top-tier cosmetic brand’s endorsement? What is backing her, her face? Are they not afraid that netizens won’t buy into it? 
Netizen C: Has Color Vista gone mad, not afraid that their products won’t sell in the future? Even if they want to use a newcomer, it shouldn’t be Joanna Lawrence. 
Netizen D: What’s so strange about this? Don’t you know that Color Vista is a brand under the Parker Group? Mr. Parker is Joanna Lawrence’s golden thigh. What’s wrong with giving an endorsement to one of their own companies? 
Netizen E: I just checked, and Color Vista is indeed under the Parker Group. No wonder they used an unknown newcomer. Is Mr. Parker not afraid of spoiling his little lover and smashing Color Vista’s brand? 
Netizen F: I heard that Mr. Parker and Ms. Rebecca were a couple. If Joanna Lawrence really has something going on with Mr. Parker, what is this? Is she meddling in their relationship and being a third wheel? 
Soon, the comment claiming that Frank Parker and Rebecca Kelloway were a couple topped the hot search. 
Because of this comment, Joanna Lawrence made it to the hot search again. 
The topics "#JoannaLawrenceBeingAThirdWheel##JoannaLawrenceMeddlingInMsRebeccaKelloway’sRelationship#" became another hot search sensation. 
She alone occupied the top five hot search spots. 
Several netizens flocked to the Blog of the artist who had previously revealed that she would continue to work with Color Vista but later found out that the endorser was Joanna Lawrence instead, asking her what was going on. 
Shortly after Color Vista announced Joanna Lawrence as the next season’s celebrity endorser, the previous endorser, Sophie, also posted a Blog. 
The content of the Blog advised netizens not to speculate wildly, saying that who Color Vista signs is their decision, and although she regrets not continuing to work with Color Vista, she can understand their actions. 
On the surface, these words seemed innocent. 
But those with discernment could read between the lines and hear another meaning. 
Despite appearing to understand Color Vista, the words hinted at complaints. 
After a while, an alt account suspected to belong to Sophie was dug up by netizens. 
Netizens found Sophie complaining in the alt account that Color Vista had already discussed the next season’s endorsement with her, and even the endorsement fee was settled, with only the signing step left uncompleted.
###Chapter 1137: Chapter 1134: Occupying Sophie’s Resources
Then, on the day before signing, she was informed that they could no longer renew her contract. 
She was very upset by this, but she didn’t dare to offend MC, fearing that there would be no more opportunities for cooperation in the future. 
In the alt account, Sophie comforted herself that MC must have found a more suitable celebrity endorser than her. 
Although she could understand MC’s actions, she still felt a little cold about it. 
If they didn’t want to sign with her, they shouldn’t have approached her in the first place; it was very uncomfortable for them to change their minds and want to sign someone else. 
Of course, Sophie didn’t directly mention that the other party in signing was MC, but netizens guessed it. 
Sophie was a first-line popular celebrity, on par with Lisha Alcock. 
Among female celebrities, her popularity was quite high, and she had a lot of fans. 
After her alt account was discovered, fans saw the content she posted and went to Joanna Lawrence’s Blog to scold her. 
They accused her of having no shame and taking Sophie’s resources. 
They mocked her for not knowing her worth, saying that even if she snatched MC’s endorsement, she couldn’t drive MC’s sales at all. 
Basically, Sophie had a lot of loyal fans who were furious when they found out that a newcomer had snatched her endorsement – and that newcomer had done so through underhanded means – so they unleashed a barrage of criticism towards Joanna. 
For a time, all sorts of scandals about Joanna surfaced. 
Snatching endorsements, having an abortion in senior high school, being a mistress... 
Hot search topics climbed the rankings one after another. 
As #JoannaLawrenceSnatchedSophie’sEndorsement went trending, Sophie’s main Blog account didn’t respond at all. 
And quite a few netizens noticed that within a few minutes of the topic trending, Sophie’s main Blog account had indeed logged in. 
That is to say, it was highly likely that she had seen those hot search topics about Joanna. 
But she did not come forward to refute the rumors. 
Joanna’s silence made netizens even more determined that the alt account belonged to her. 
And that those things mentioned in the account were about Joanna snatching her Color Vista endorsement. 
Sophie’s fans couldn’t tolerate this.
More and more fans swarmed Joanna’s Blog account, hurling insults at her. 
These fans were no weaker in firepower than Maddox Allenson’s female fans. 
On the other hand, 
Many popcorn eaters who were unaware of the truth started to believe the scandals about Joanna when they saw them, and joined in the scolding. 
Not only was Joanna getting attacked, even the Color Vista official Weibo was being scolded along with her. 
"Boycott Joanna Lawrence, Boycott MC#", also started trending with a new round of hot searches. 
With such a huge commotion on Blog, the Public Relations Department of HE Company quickly deployed to handle it. 
First, they removed the trending topics as quickly as possible, then blocked related discussions. 
The Weibo accounts of several prominent netizens leading the charge were also blocked. 
But it was still of no use. 
New hot searches emerged as soon as one was blocked. 
* 
HE Company, President’s Office. 
Linda had just returned to the company when she was called into Garret Twain’s office. 
"Tell me, how are we going to handle this?" Mr. Tucker asked her with a worried frown. "The Public Relations Department has removed the hot searches as quickly as possible, but new ones keep emerging. Sophie’s fans continue to brush the topic, saying they want justice for her." 
"Now even MC is being attacked by Sophie’s fans. What if MC gets angry and wants to switch endorsers?" 
"Why does a newcomer like her seem to have so many issues all the time?" 
"Mr. Tucker, don’t forget that you were the one who wanted her to stay."
###Chapter 1138: Chapter 1135: Only President Ashton Can Suppress All Matters
On the way back, Linda saw the hot searches and realized the seriousness of the situation, "Besides, these things can’t be blamed on her. If someone wants to target her, can she defend herself?" 
"Since it’s Sophie’s fans leading the way, aren’t you acquainted with her agent? Can’t you make a call to have her release a statement?" 
"You think I haven’t thought of that?" Garret Twain’s brow furrowed even more, "I’ve already made the call, but Sophie is unwilling to come forward and make a statement. Even her agent can’t do anything about her." 
"Actually, it’s understandable. Originally, Color Vista was going to renew her contract. Now that it’s not happening... it’s normal for her to be upset." 
"Sophie doesn’t want to make a statement?" Linda’s eyebrows were also furrowed. 
Garret nodded: "She doesn’t want to. She’s probably still upset, there’s no way she would be willing to speak for Joanna." 
Linda was silent for a while, and suddenly her eyes brightened: "If Sophie is unwilling to talk, what if we had someone else do it?" 
"Someone else?" 
"Yes. If she doesn’t want to listen to you, she can’t possibly ignore President Ashton’s request too. She doesn’t have that kind of guts." 
"You mean... call President Ashton?" 
"Mm. It has come to such a point that only President Ashton can suppress all these matters. Moreover, given the magnitude of the issue, President Ashton probably already knows." 
* 
As Linda said, Joanna’s numerous scandals hitting the hot search on Blog didn’t take long for Ashton Heath to find out. 
Inside the office, Cody Aberton was reporting to him. 
"As for those rumors saying that Ms. Joanna started... in senior high school, I’ve found the IP address of the culprits. HE Company will be taking legal action against them soon. The rumors about Ms. Joanna and Mr. Parker are also being deleted from the related blog posts." 
"Also, the rumor about Ms. Joanna taking the Color Vista endorsement originated from that so-called Sophie’s Blog sub-account. Her fans have a strong influence, now they are continuously brushing up the topic. As soon as the hot search was deleted, they put it back up." 
"The first two matters are easy to solve, but it’s just that artist named Sophie..." 
Cody had just finished reporting when his cell phone rang. 
He took it out, glanced at it, and looked up: "President Ashton, it’s from HE Company’s CEO, it should be about Ms. Joanna." 
Ashton’s face was cold, and he uttered a word coldly: "Answer." 
Cody immediately picked it up. 
A minute later, he hung up the phone. 
"President Ashton, Mr. Tucker from HE Company said that it’s necessary for Sophie to make a statement now so her fans won’t continue to spur on the situation, or else this matter won’t die down anytime soon. He said that Sophie is still upset that Color Vista gave the endorsement to Ms. Joanna, so she won’t do him any favors. President Ashton, I’m afraid you’ll have to step in to resolve this." 
Ashton Heath’s whole body was emanating a low pressure, his voice icy cold: "Then you go and sort this out immediately." 
"Yes, President Ashton. What if... the female artist still doesn’t agree?" 
"Then tell her." Ashton’s gaze turned ice-cold, and the pressure around him lowered several degrees. "If she doesn’t issue a statement, she doesn’t need to be in this circle anymore. If she’s sensible, find a decent endorsement for her." 
"I understand, President Ashton. Sophie is an artist from Stellary Talent Agency, I’ll call their CEO now." 
Cody immediately dialed a number. 
He relayed Ashton’s words to the other party as it was. 
A moment later, he hung up the phone: "President Ashton, I have conveyed your message to Stellary Talent Agency’s CEO. He promises that within half an hour, Sophie will issue a clarification statement."
###Chapter 1139: Chapter 1136: Prioritizing Ms. Joanna’s Wishes
Upon hearing this, Ashton Heath’s face remained serious, and he looked quite displeased. 
Seeing their boss with such a gloomy expression and feeling the overwhelming low pressure coming from him, Cody Aberton found it incredibly stressful. 
He didn’t even dare to breathe heavily. 
It was apparent that President Ashton was furious. 
Well, it’s no wonder that President Ashton is so angry. 
Ms. Joanna has been attacked again and again these days, being accused of being a mistress, having an abortion in high school, and being Mr. Parker’s lover... 
And Mr. Parker is also Ashton’s own brother! 
Having one’s own wife being portrayed as a lover of his brother, no man could accept that. 
Moreover, Ashton, being the legitimate husband, couldn’t even come forward to refute the rumors. 
Given Joanna’s profession, he couldn’t publicly disclose his relationship with her either. 
Poor Ashton was really bottled up. 
If it were any other woman, they would be eager to make their relationship public with him immediately. 
They would be trying to figure out how to make it public. 
Who would want to keep their relationship with the President of the Heath Group a secret? 
They would just wish they could proclaim it to the entire world right away. 
After all, President Ashton was an incredibly high-quality and rare man. 
Once a woman met him, she would want to hold onto him tightly. 
But Ms. Joanna... 
She didn’t seem worried about Ashton being taken away by other women at all and was very confident in Ashton. 
He could see that Ashton wanted to make their relationship public, but Joanna didn’t seem to have the same wish.
Ashton was proud and cared deeply about Joanna. 
He naturally followed Joanna’s wishes as the priority. 
But now all these things happened because Joanna and Ashton had not gone public, leading to so many people making up rumors about Joanna and other men. 
If they knew that Joanna was the wife of the President of the Heath Group, 
Who would dare to continuously attack her? 
Only if they’re tired of living! 
"President Ashton, rest assured, the people at Stellary Talent Agency know that you mean business. They won’t overlook your order." Cody Aberton thought Ashton was still angry about Joanna’s scandal and hurried to say, "Our PR team is already dealing with the situation, and all the scandals about Ms. Joanna will be removed soon." 
"We have also obtained the information of those who spread the rumors from the blog platform, and we will make sure they are punished." 
As Cody Aberton finished speaking, he saw Ashton Heath lift his head, and his deep, dark eyes fixed on Cody: "Is MC a cosmetic brand under Parker Group?" 
"Ah?" Cody froze for a moment, then quickly nodded and said, "Yes, the cosmetic endorsement Joanna signed is under the Parker Group." 
"First-line makeup?" 
"Yes, first-line makeup." 
"So, do you think that under normal circumstances, a first-line makeup brand would choose a newcomer as their celebrity endorser?" Ashton asked the question with a neutral expression, as if this was just casual inquiry. 
However, Cody couldn’t ignore the slight cold edge hiding in his eyes. 
He quickly realized what was going on. 
Ashton... was jealous of Mr. Parker? 
If it followed the norm, Joanna’s current popularity would not be enough to secure an endorsement from MC. 
MC has always chosen top-tier artists as endorsers, and they had never hired a newcomer before. 
Signing Joanna was indeed the first time MC had used a newcomer in their many years of existence. 
Even netizens on the blog platform suspected that Joanna got the endorsement through backdoor connections. 
This only added fuel to the fire of the rumors between Joanna and Mr. Parker.
###Chapter 1140: Chapter 1137: I Shall Bear All Consequences
Actually, it wasn’t just the netizens, even Cody Aberton felt that something was off.
If President Ashton hadn’t reached out to Mr. Parker and asked him to give the endorsement to Ms. Joanna, the whole situation would have been difficult to explain. 
Recalling the previous rumors, Cody’s expression couldn’t help but change slightly. 
Could it be that Mr. Parker really had a crush on Ms. Joanna? 
But that couldn’t be possible. 
Ms. Joanna was President Ashton’s wife, and Mr. Parker knew it. 
And wasn’t Mr. Parker always in love with Ms. Rebecca anyway? 
Cody weighed everything carefully, took a cautious glance at Ashton Heath’s current expression, and cautiously replied, "President Ashton, Color Vista has always used top-tier artists. Under normal circumstances, Ms. Joanna wouldn’t be able to get this endorsement. But I guess it’s because her agent contacted Color Vista, and when they found out Ms. Joanna was with you, Mr. Parker gave the endorsement out of respect for you?" 
"Or, it could be that Ms. Joanna’s appearance meets their requirements, so they made an exception to use a newcomer this time?" 
Cody dared not voice his speculations. 
He wanted to live a few more years. 
But even if he didn’t say it, President Ashton was already unhappy about this. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have suddenly asked him all these questions. 
It seemed President Ashton had also sensed that something was wrong. 
"You think so?" Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes, his voice revealing no emotion. 
"Yes, yes, I do." Cody nodded, growing more cautious. 
"Alright, I understand." Ashton Heath fell silent for a moment before waving his hand, "You can leave now, I’ll call you if necessary." 
"Yes, President Ashton." Cody couldn’t wait to leave. 
In times like these, it was best to stay out of President Ashton’s sight as much as possible. 
It was the wisest choice to minimize one’s presence. 
Cody turned and hastily walked out of the office. 
"Wait a minute." 
He had only taken a few steps when he heard Ashton’s cold, emotionless voice from behind, "Call Garret Twain and tell him that this matter must be dealt with severely. Anyone who starts rumors or causes trouble, regardless of who they are, sue them until they’re dead." 
"I’ll take responsibility for all the consequences." 
Cody stopped, realizing that Ashton Heath was truly angry this time. 
This was completely different from any previous incidents. 
He specifically instructed to deal with it severely this time. 
Those spreading rumors and tarnishing Ms. Joanna’s reputation would be in big trouble. 
However, he also thought it was time to punish those anti-fans. 
If they didn’t make an example of those who deliberately spread rumors and tarnished Ms. Joanna’s reputation, letting others know the severity of doing so recklessly, there would be no end to these incidents in the future. 
* 
After Cody left, Ashton Heath picked up his cell phone and called Joanna Lawrence. 
As the call connected, a soft, sweet voice came through, "Ashton Heath, are you done with your work? Are you busy at lunchtime today? If not, do you want to have lunch together?" 
Ashton Heath’s anger dissipated considerably upon hearing the soft, sweet voice of the girl, as if a bucket of cold ice water had been poured over him. 
However, thinking about all the messy scandals he saw on the blog earlier, his eyes darkened again. 
Suppressing the unnamed anger within him, he rubbed his temples and took a deep breath, "Where are you now?" 
Joanna was in the car when she answered his call, "Linda helped me get a commercial. I just signed the contract and I’m on my way to find you. I should arrive at Heath Group in about five minutes."
###Chapter 1141: Chapter 1138: Ashton Heath is Unhappy
"Alright." 
Ashton Heath picked up the wristwatch on his desk, stood up and said, "I’ll go down and wait for you now." 
"There’s no need, I can just come up to find you later. You have your work to do, no need to..." 
"I’m free now." Ashton Heath walked towards the door of the office, speaking in a tone that didn’t allow for refusal, "This is it, I’ll wait for you downstairs. See you later." 
After hanging up the call, Ashton Heath opened the door and left his office. 
As he passed by the work area of several secretaries, his cold face and the low-pressure atmosphere around him scared the secretaries to the point of holding their breath. 
Only after Ashton entered the elevator and the elevator doors closed did the secretaries huddle together and start a low-voiced curious discussion. 
"President Ashton seems in a bad mood today — could it be because of the scandals about his girlfriend?" 
"Do you think, are those scandals true? Did President Ashton’s girlfriend really have... an abortion in senior high school?" 
"Is the rumor about her and Mr. Parker true?" 
"How is it possible? Mr. Parker and our President Ashton are good friends. One does not covet the wife of a friend, even if Mr. Parker is really interested in President’s Ashton’s girlfriend, he wouldn’t act on it. That would be belittling President Ashton." 
"But, where there’s smoke there’s fire. Why do only rumors about Mr. Parker and her circulate, and not about Mr. Parker and others? Some women really are promiscuous, liking to keep several men on the string. Of course, I don’t think Ms. Joanna is like that. After all, with such an excellent and perfect boyfriend like President Ashton, it’s hard for her to have thoughts about other men." 
"Do you think, would President Ashton quarrel with his girlfriend over those rumors?" 
"I don’t think so. I’ve heard that President Ashton has already let the Public Relations Department handle his girlfriend’s situation. If President Ashton believed those scandals, he would have broken up with her instead of helping her." 
* 
Five minutes later. 
The taxi Joanna Lawrence was riding in stopped outside the gate of the Heath Group building on time. 
As soon as she got out of the car, she saw a man standing outside the gate.
His temperament and appearance were top-notch. Even if Joanna wasn’t his wife, she would have noticed such an outstanding man at first sight. 
Moreover, Ashton Heath was her husband. 
Employees entering and exiting the building would stop to respectfully greet him when passing by him. 
In the past, although Ashton Heath wasn’t a kind and friendly boss to get along with, 
he would still nod in return when employees greeted him. 
But today, he kept a straight face throughout, giving no response to the greetings from the employees. 
It was the hottest time in the summer. 
The sun outside was blazing, making the tarmac hot. 
Even though they were still a dozen meters apart, Joanna could already feel the cold emanating from the man’s body. 
Ashton Heath was upset. 
With just a glance, Joanna could tell his mood was very bad. 
Even though his exterior seemed the same as usual — after all, he had always been indifferent towards others except her. 
He appeared to be indifferent now. 
His expression was bland, his face showing no emotion. 
It looked the same as usual. 
But Joanna could tell that he was angry, and he was probably very, very angry. 
His demeanor made her a little hesitant to approach him. 
After hesitating by the roadside for a few seconds, she finally began to walk towards him. 
As soon as she took a step, the man, as if sensing something, raised his head and looked at her.
###Chapter 1142: Chapter 1139: He is Angry
The moment their eyes met, Joanna shivered involuntarily. 
She realized that Ashton Heath’s eyes were as if covered in frost. 
Even the hot summer weather couldn’t dispel the coldness in his eyes. 
As Joanna moved closer, and looked into Ashton’s still cold, dark eyes, she became more convinced of her suspicions. 
He was angry. 
Before, no matter how cold he was in front of others, he would always soften his edges and coldness when facing her. 
The gaze he turned on her was always gentle and indulgent. 
Joanna had grown used to this side of him. 
But now, when he treated her the same way as he did others, she felt that something was off. 
She even felt a little scared. 
As soon as she approached Ashton, the man grasped her hand and led her silently into the Heath Group lobby. 
Joanna knew he was in a bad mood and guessed why he was. 
So she didn’t struggle, obediently letting him lead her into the building. 
Many employees greeted him in the lobby: "Good morning, President Ashton." 
Ashton didn’t even glance at the others, and led Joanna wordlessly into the elevator, pressing the button for the basement. 
Once inside, he still didn’t speak. 
He seemed so oppressive that Joanna dared not utter a word. 
Ashton had not said anything to her since they met, but he never let go of her hand. 
Soon, they arrived at the underground parking lot. 
Exiting the elevator, Ashton still didn’t speak. 
It was only after he led Joanna into the car and closed the door that he finally let go of her hand. 
The car was filled with a faint fragrance, just like his scent, a pleasant aroma. 
Before her was his handsome but cold face, and she could smell his scent with every breath. Joanna couldn’t help feeling uneasy as she sensed the ongoing tension exuding from him. 
She was not used to this version of Ashton. 
And she didn’t like it one bit. 
It made her feel alienated and somewhat scared. 
He was no longer the familiar Ashton she knew. 
Meeting his deep, icy gaze, Joanna instinctively shifted away. 
She immediately felt the pressure from the man beside her intensify. 
"Ashton, you ..." 
Unable to bear the silence any longer, Joanna tried to break it, but Ashton reached out and pulled her tightly into his embrace. 
Joanna looked up in panic. 
His cool fingers held her chin, and as she looked up, his handsome face pressed down. 
The kiss was like a violent storm. 
Joanna was powerless to fight back. 
Ashton kissed her fiercely, with no tenderness at all. 
Before long, Joanna’s lips began to tingle and numb. 
Because of the excessive force, her lips felt painfully hot. 
Wincing in pain, she pushed Ashton away. 
It was only then that Ashton seemed to snap out of it, seeing her pain-twisted face, and released her, panting. 
Joanna’s lips were torn, and when she touched them with her hand, she couldn’t help but whimper in pain. 
Ashton watched the corner of her lips that he had bitten, guilt flashing in his eyes. But as he thought of certain things, his gaze turned cold again.
###Chapter 1143: Chapter 1140: Are You Willing to Give Up for Me?
"Ashton Heath, what’s wrong with you?" Joanna Lawrence looked at him, eyes filled with a sense of being wronged, "You hurt me just now. I don’t like this side of you." 
Even though she knew he was angered by those rumors and scandals. 
But, she still felt wronged inside. 
Those rumors and scandals were not something she wanted to be circulated. 
Plus, he knew that those things were not true. They were false rumors intended to tarnish her reputation. 
Even if he was angry, or unhappy, he couldn’t vent his rage on her. 
Ashton Heath’s lips were also swollen. That kissing just now, beyond being an outlet for his emotions, contained no feelings. Joanna Lawrence was uncomfortable, and so was he. 
Looking at her wronged expression, he also knew that what he had done just now was wrong. 
All those things, were not related to her at all. 
She was innocent. 
He shouldn’t have vented his frustration on her just because those rumors had upset him. 
But he couldn’t help it. 
Since he saw her and Frank Parker involved in another scandal, and found out that the endorsement she had accepted was from a brand under Parker Group, a nameless anger ignited in his heart, an anger he just couldn’t suppress. 
This nameless anger flared up the moment he saw her. 
Only then did he understand what the oppressive feeling that sat heavily in his chest was. 
He looked at the girl beside him, her wronged eyes were all hued red. Even though his heart ached and he blamed himself, he still steeled his heart and asked, "Joanna, if I ask you to leave the entertainment industry and never associate with it again, would you be willing to give it up for me?" 
From the very beginning, he never liked her entering the entertainment industry. 
How chaotic and complex this industry was, he knew it better than anyone else. 
Such a pure and beautiful girl was not suitable for this complicated world. 
Even now with his protection, she was constantly being attacked by others. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like if she were to face it all alone. 
She certainly couldn’t stand up against these oppressors. 
Facing these rumors, You can’t unring a bell. 
He is now very grateful that she officially stepped into this industry after getting to know him. At least, he could help her solve any problems that might arise. 
He thought that since she enjoyed filming so much, he would let her do it. 
After all, with him around, this impure circle wouldn’t really affect her at all. 
As long as she was happy, that was all that mattered. 
So even though he didn’t think being an actress was the right job for her, he didn’t stop her. 
He never thought about asking her to leave the entertainment industry post-marriage. 
He could demand her to do so in exchange for the operation for Jeremy Lawrence. 
To save Jeremy, she would certainly agree.
But he knew too well what the consequences would be if he did that. 
But now... Ashton Heath had second thoughts. 
All those scandlas that seemed to be endless, and those rumors of her with other men... 
The latter, despite knowing they were fabricated, still upset him inevitably. 
Especially upon knowing that Maddox Allenson and Frank Parker did harbor intimate thoughts for her, he minded even more. 
He hated seeing his name paired up with other men’s. 
He hated that when she was tangled up in rumors with other men, except for feeling upset, and besides deleting those rumors for her, he could do nothing else. 
He couldn’t refute rumors on her behalf with the status of her husband. 
He couldn’t tell everyone openly that he was her husband. 
He hated this feeling of having a clandestine relationship.
###Chapter 1144: Chapter 1141: Even if it’s just a rumor, I don’t like it
He now wanted to change his mind, he didn’t want to keep hiding like this, nor did he want her to stay in the entertainment industry any longer. 
Joanna Lawrence widened her eyes in surprise, thinking she had misheard. 
"Ashton Heath, what did you say?" she whispered in astonishment, "Leave the entertainment industry? I... I didn’t hear that wrong, did I?" 
She would not have been surprised if anyone else had said these words to her. 
But if it was Ashton Heath... 
Ashton Heath met her incredulous gaze and hesitated again. 
He initially supported her acting career because he knew she truly loved it. 
Not just as a pastime. 
Now that he wanted her to give up what she loved most, just because he didn’t like her profession, was it going too far? 
What right did he have to deprive her of her passion? 
He was her husband, the closest person to her. If even he didn’t support her, how disappointed she would be. 
Just like that, Ashton Heath changed his mind in an instant. 
He couldn’t selfishly take away her passion just for his own preference. 
But if he let her stay in the entertainment industry, their relationship would still have to remain a secret, and they would have to continue their affair. 
She would also continue to be linked to various rumors with other men. 
These things were unavoidable for anyone in the entertainment industry. 
He didn’t know if he would be able to tolerate it the next time she was rumored to be with another man. 
In the end, it was his love for her that took over everything. He closed his eyes and said hoarsely, "Just pretend I was talking nonsense; you don’t have to worry about it." 
But Joanna Lawrence had already heard him clearly, and she knew he wouldn’t make such a statement casually. 
She thought of the countless scandals on the Blog and looked at his face. Biting her lip, she asked softly, "Are you upset because of the scandals involving me?" 
There had been too many scandals and rumors about her lately. 
Even if he trusted her, he must still care about them at least a little, right? 
"Joanna," Ashton Heath looked at her, caressed her head, and sighed softly, "I don’t want to lie to you. I do care a bit. I thought I wouldn’t care because those things are fake, and I know it very well." 
"But I’m sorry, I can’t control my heart. Seeing so many people speculating about your special relationship with Frank, I really can’t pretend not to care at all. Do you know, at those times, I just want to stand up and tell everyone that you’re mine." 
His large hand gently touched her cheek, caressing her soft skin, sighed again, and said with a bitter smile, "Baby, you’re mine. I don’t want you to have anything to do with any other man besides me. Even if it’s just a rumor, I don’t like it." 
"Besides, Frank is my brother. Can you understand my feelings?" 
Joanna Lawrence was silent for a few seconds before whispering an apology, "I’m sorry. I have no idea why they keep spreading rumors about me and Frank Parker. Maybe it’s because he defended me on the Blog, and those reporters misunderstood..." 
Joanna Lawrence, of course, understood his feelings. 
It was like how she knew very well that there was nothing between him and Rebecca Kelloway, but she wouldn’t feel completely indifferent if people kept spreading rumors about him and Rebecca. 
"You don’t have anything to apologize for." Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds, let go of her, and turned around, "Forget it, let’s pretend I never said anything. It’s getting late, and I’ll take you out for dinner."
###Chapter 1145: Chapter 1142: Changing to Her Doing Something for Him
He claimed to be unaffected. 
But Joanna Lawrence was no fool. How could she not sense that he actually did care? 
On the contrary, he cared very much. 
That angry, cathartic kiss was a reflection of his emotions at this very moment. 
When he told her not to continue working in the entertainment industry, it wasn’t just something he said in passing. 
Perhaps he had already endured this for a long time. 
Ever since her first scandalous story with Maddox Allenson, he had begun to endure it. 
Joanna knew how petty and jealous Ashton Heath could be in love. 
Because of her understanding, she knew that he would definitely mind her scandals with Maddox Allenson and Frank Parker, and those rumors would make him feel uncomfortable. 
Even if everything in those scandals was false. 
His current show of indifference was not real indifference either. 
He was just caring about her. 
Since he cared about her, he swallowed his true feelings despite minding them deeply. 
But she knew that he was uncomfortable.
He was a man with a strong possessive desire and was very jealous. He couldn’t even claim ownership when seeing her scandals with other men. 
Because of her, even if he was uncomfortable, he had no choice but to endure it. 
It was for her that he had to compromise on some things. 
However, he considered her feelings, but she didn’t care about his. 
He was her husband. 
Yet, because of her career, he had to keep their relationship a secret and not let others know. 
Given Ashton Heath’s personality, doing so must make him very uncomfortable. 
Joanna suddenly felt that she might be a little selfish. 
From the very beginning, she seemed to only think of herself. 
Because of Ashton Heath’s tolerance and his absolute obedience to her, she never felt that those sacrifices he made were significant. 
She even thought that if he truly liked her, cared about her, he should understand her. 
However, she didn’t seem to understand him ever. 
"Ashton Heath, wait a moment." Joanna looked back at the moments they shared, feeling more and more guilty, feeling that she had wronged him. She reached out to hold his hand, her eyes filled with apology, "Can you wait a moment, please?" 
Ashton Heath hesitated and turned to look at her. 
Joanna stared into his eyes, gripping his hand, her voice soft and gentle, "Can you give me a few minutes?" 
She suddenly decided to do something. 
It couldn’t always be Ashton Heath’s one-sided effort while she enjoyed his devotion, affection, and protection. 
And she did nothing in return. 
Love requires both parties to make an effort to maintain a solid relationship. 
If only one person is making all the effort, even if they do so willingly, it will tire them out over time. 
He had done so much for her; it was time for her to do something for him. 
With doubt in his dark eyes, Ashton Heath nodded, not knowing what she was going to do. "Okay." 
Joanna let go of his hand and took out her phone, scrolled to Linda’s Twitter, and sent her a message. 
After sending it, she didn’t wait for Linda’s reply, exited Twitter, and logged into her Blog. 
As soon as she entered her Blog, a hot Blog post popped up. 
It was from Frank Parker. 
Frank rarely logged in and rarely used that Blog account. 
But he had many fans on the Blog, and each of his posts would instantly become trending.
###Chapter 1146: Chapter 1143: Joanna, have you already posted on your Blog?
Joanna Lawrence hesitated for a moment before clicking on his Blog post. 
Frank Parker: "This is my last statement, all the rumors online are false. If you are not afraid of facing the consequences, then get ready for a lawsuit. If I don’t send a few of you in, I might as well change my name." 
Just one minute after his Blog post was published, it gathered several thousand comments. 
Some of his female fans, upon seeing his post, cheered happily in the comment section: Mr. Parker, you’ve finally come forward to refute the rumors. I knew those scandals must be fake; how could you possibly fall for a woman like Joanna Lawrence. 
Good job, Mr. Parker! These shameless rumormongers should be taught a lesson so they won’t dare to speak nonsense ever again. 
Mr. Parker is really serious this time, and those who spread rumors are going to be in trouble. Hahaha, you can’t be soft with anti-fans, we support Mr. Parker to teach them a lesson! 
Mr. Parker personally refuting the rumors? It seems that those scandals were indeed fabricated by anti-fans. Great, now I can finally rest assured. It’s impossible for Mr. Parker to take interest in such a low-level newcomer like Joanna Lawrence. Although her appearance is somewhat attractive, she looks like a gold-digger and Mr. Parker definitely wouldn’t like that kind of woman. 
Mr. Parker, we all know that those scandals are fake now. But can you please explain to everyone why Color Vista would sign Joanna Lawrence? Color Vista is indeed a cosmetic brand under the Parker Group, and previously only signed top-tier artists. With Joanna’s current fame, it’s hard to believe that she got her endorsement solely based on her merits and not by using some connections. 
Indeed, if you and Joanna Lawrence’s scandals are false, what did she rely on to get Color Vista’s endorsement? Sophie would have been a better choice in every aspect, and there were even rumors that there would be a renewal of her contract. It’s really hard to accept that Joanna got the endorsement. 
Some fans believe Frank Parker’s clarification. 
But there are those who don’t. 
They say that his clarification is only helping Joanna Lawrence, and that it’s proof of their unusual relationship. Some even claim that his explanations are merely a cover-up, and that his statement is a way of trying to hide the truth. 
A dramatic twist occurs. 
Just a few minutes after Frank Parker’s rumor-breaking Blog post, a user who claimed to be a popcorn eater posted a video. 
The video captured the night when Joanna Lawrence was harassed by David Benington, and Frank Parker showed up to help her. 
As soon as the video came out, those who initially believed the clarification began to doubt their relationship again. 
Because many people know that Frank Parker isn’t someone who would meddle in other people’s affairs. 
With his status, he wouldn’t bother helping someone he’s not close to. 
The initial Blog clarification, the help shown in the video, as well as the current Blog post... 
Netizens pieced all these events together and unanimously determined that their relationship must be more than meets the eye. 
Even their encounter on the plane was interpreted by netizens as them returning from a vacation together. 
The rumors about her and Frank Parker heated up once again and made it to the hot search list. 
Seeing all the rumors about her and Frank Parker, Joanna became even more determined about what she’s going to do next. 
She really doesn’t want to have any ambiguous relationship with Frank Parker anymore. 
She didn’t bother reading the messy discussions, went straight into her Blog account, and after some contemplation, posted a Blog. 
A minute after her post, her phone rang. 
She looked down and saw that it was Linda calling.
While posting the Blog, Joanna considered the potential consequences. Staring at her phone screen, she took a deep breath and answered the call. 
"Joanna, did you just post your Blog?"
###Chapter 1147: Chapter 1144: Did Sister-in-law Secretly Post on the Blog Without Telling You?
Linda’s voice sounded reasonably calm. 
Joanna didn’t know if she was really calm or not. After thinking about it, she said, "Well, I just posted it. I’m sorry, Linda, for not being able to abide by the contract stipulation. If you want to terminate the contract with me, then go ahead." 
Hearing her mention termination of the contract, Ashton Heath looked up at her. 
There was a moment of silence on Linda’s end, followed by a helpless sigh, "What are you thinking? There’s no way we would terminate your contract over this. I just want to know why you suddenly made this decision? Is it because of the scandals that President Ashton is unhappy?" 
"Yeah." Joanna thought it was better to be honest, "Linda, I seriously thought about it and felt it was better to go public. It’s unfair to my boyfriend if I keep getting tangled in scandals with others. Going public can also avoid a lot of trouble in the future." 
"Mr. Parker and my boyfriend are very good friends. If rumors about me and Mr. Parker keep circulating, isn’t that too inconsiderate to my boyfriend’s feelings? If the company can’t accept what I do, I can terminate the contract." 
"I don’t mind compensating for the breach of contract." 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, she felt a strong gaze fall on her. 
There was another moment of silence in the phone, then Linda said, "It’s not that your considerations are unreasonable, going public could avoid a lot of troubles. If people knew your boyfriend is President Ashton, no one would dare to slander you in the future." 
"If you’re not following the idol path, going public with your relationship won’t have a significant impact on you. However, the signing clause in HE Company states that you cannot be in a relationship or go public with it within two years of signing. The rules and regulations established by the company are not up to me. I’ll ask Mr. Tucker about this. You should also try to appease President Ashton, and if there are any problems, we’ll talk on the phone again." 
Just as Joanna finished talking to Linda, Ashton’s phone rang once more. 
Seeing it was Yannick Luther, Ashton hesitated for a moment, suppressing the urge to immediately ask the girl beside him if she truly wanted to go public, and calmly answered the call. 
As soon as the call connected, Yannick’s shocked voice came through like a bombardment, "Ashton, are you and Joanna finally going public? Why did you suddenly decide to do so? No, that’s not right, you should have gone public a long time ago. Why did it take until now to think of going public?" 
Ashton paused, gripping the phone tightly. 
Although he had just heard from Joanna and Linda’s conversation that she wanted to go public, he thought it was just an idea she had. 
Not necessarily actually going public. 
Now, hearing what Yannick said, Ashton was stunned for a moment, his eyes revealing a touch of surprise and astonishment. 
He took a deep breath, not wanting to seem too excited, and tried to maintain a calm tone, "What do you mean?" 
"Gosh!" Yannick exclaimed again, "Ashton, don’t tell me you didn’t see the blog post Joanna just made?! You don’t even know about it? Did she post it without telling you?" 
"Could it be that she wanted to go public on her own, and it’s not your idea?" 
"Blog?" Ashton didn’t know that Joanna had just posted a blog. 
"Yes, seriously, I guess you really didn’t know. What’s Joanna thinking, not even discussing it with you beforehand?"
###Chapter 1148: Chapter 1145: Understanding What Is Most Important
"So has the relationship not been public all this time because of you, Ashton? Did Joanna go public without telling you because she lacked a sense of security?" Yannick thought of the female celebrities who had used the same method with him, and categorized Joanna’s actions as similar to theirs. 
Maybe Joanna wanted to go public to stabilize her position. 
But he felt that Joanna didn’t need to do that. 
After all, he knew how much Ashton Heath treasured Joanna Lawrence. 
To go public or not, it was just a matter of her saying the word. 
If she wanted to go public, Ashton would definitely not refuse her, right? 
Ashton Heath’s eyebrows slightly furrowed: "Don’t assume that she’s employing the same tactics as those shady women around you. Do you really think your sister-in-law needs to do that?" 
Yannick: "..." 
"Fine, fine, all the women around me are shady. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t compare your precious wife to those shady women around me. But Ashton, shouldn’t you ask Joanna about this? And, aren’t you guys already married? Why are you back to being boyfriend and girlfriend?" 
"Your sister-in-law is right here next to me." Ashton Heath had no mood to chat idly with Yannick anymore, "Alright, I’m going to ask her what’s going on now, I’m hanging up." 
Having said that, without waiting for any response from Yannick’s side, he had already hung up the phone. 
He turned to look at Joanna, his mood indescribable at the moment. 
"Just now, Grady called to tell me that you posted a blog entry." 
Ashton Heath hadn’t seen the contents of the blog post yet. 
He had downloaded the blog app, but he hadn’t registered an account. 
He rarely used the blog. 
It wasn’t until after he met Joanna that his usage frequency increased a bit. 
He tried to sound as calm as possible, but it was still evident that his emotions were somewhat unstable. 
It was as if he was trying to suppress something. 
Joanna nodded: "Mhm." 
She hadn’t consulted with him before making the blog post. 
That’s because she knew he wouldn’t agree if she did. 
Even though he had wanted to go public with her for a long time. 
But anything that might have a negative impact on her, he would never do. 
She knew how much this man cared about her. 
Ashton Heath’s deep eyes stared at her, something quickly swirling in their depths. After a while, he finally spoke in a low, deep voice: "Why?" 
He only asked one "why." 
But Joanna knew what he was asking about. 
He was asking: why she posted that blog entry, why she suddenly decided to go public with their relationship. 
Joanna pursed her lips, locked gazes with him for a moment, and then said: "I just suddenly realized a few things." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes locked onto her, his Adam’s apple rolling a couple of times, his voice deepening further: "What things?" 
Joanna pursed her lips again, steadily looking at him, saying word by word: "I just realized what’s the most important thing." 
Ashton Heath stopped talking, his lips pressed tightly together. 
But the way he looked at her grew hotter and hotter. 
Joanna was becoming uncomfortable under his gaze, so she touched her warm face and asked quietly, "What... what’s wrong?" 
The man’s stunningly handsome face, enough to make anyone’s heart stop, suddenly moved closer to her. 
His warm, damp breath sprayed over her lips. Joanna looked up, her heartbeat missing a beat. 
Ashton Heath moved even closer to her, almost kissing her. 
The distance between the two of them was less than two centimeters. 
Even though the man in front of her was her husband and even though she had been kissed by him many times, at this moment, because of his sudden proximity, Joanna still felt her heart pounding and nervous.
###Chapter 1149: Chapter 1146: You’ll Still Lift Me Up In The Future
She hurriedly stretched her hand to his chest, preventing him from coming any closer. 
Ashton Heath didn’t seem to want to keep coming closer either. He locked his deep gaze on her flustered and flushed face, and his slender fingers with distinct joints gently pinched her chin: "So, have you figured out what’s most important?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked at the handsome face in front of her, her heartbeat accelerating uncontrollably. Although she was anxious and nervous, her eyes didn’t waver in the slightest. 
She stared at him, her face feeling a little hot, and said, "Yeah, I’ve figured it out. Ashton Heath, for me, the most important thing is you." 
Ashton Heath was stunned. 
A few seconds later, his burning eyes seemed to ignite a fire, shining brightly for a moment. 
Joanna could feel the fingers pinching her chin tightening in that instant. 
"Say it again. What’s the most important thing to you?" The man’s voice was coaxing, so gentle, it sounded deadly. 
Joanna looked at him and repeated, "Ashton Heath, I’ve realized that you are the most important thing to me. I know you don’t like sneaking around with me, so from now on, let’s be together openly." 
Ashton Heath was completely stunned. 
His eyes contracted sharply, "You mean for us to go public?" 
"Yes, public." 
"Baby, say it again, do you want to go public with me? Are you sure?" 
Joanna, facing her husband’s overwhelmingly handsome face at such close range, felt dizzy, and with his deadly gentle voice, she felt that if Ashton were to ask for her life at this moment, she would probably give it up. 
A man as attractive as him, if he meant to seduce someone, it would be deadly. 
She swallowed and looked at his thin lips, unable to control herself as she closed her eyes and kissed him. 
Through her actions, she showed her determination. 
Ashton Heath was taken aback, and then closed his eyes.
Initially, he was passively enduring it, but later on, whether it was because he couldn’t control himself or he decided to take the initiative instead, he reached out and embraced her, holding her gently in his arms as he responded to her slightly green kiss. 
This kiss was completely different from the previous one. 
Both sides were filled with affection, tender and intense. 
A few minutes later. 
"No regrets?" Ashton Heath asked, his voice hoarse as he gently stroked her pale cheek. 
Joanna had made up her mind before posting on her blog. 
Since she decided to post it, she wouldn’t regret it. 
It wasn’t just a spur-of-the-moment decision. 
Now, she still believed that he was the most important thing to her. 
"No regrets." She shook her head, her voice determined. 
"Aren’t you afraid that going public will affect your career?" 
"Not afraid." 
As Linda had said, Joanna had never thought of walking the idol path. 
She didn’t debut as an idol; she didn’t have to remain chaste for her fans. 
She entered the industry because she loved acting and wanted to keep doing so. 
To her, everything else didn’t matter; what mattered most was acting well. 
She firmly believed that as long as her works were good, there would still be an audience willing to support her. 
These were all the things she had just come to realize. 
She didn’t regret posting that blog; the only person she felt a little guilty towards was Linda. 
After all, what she had done could be considered a violation of the signing regulation. 
Joanna looked up and, seeing her man’s touched expression, couldn’t help but make a joke: "Even if I do get my contract terminated, I’ll still have you to support me. My husband is so incredible, so rich, he can easily invest in a project for me. I can still act and be the Female Lead 1, right?"
###Chapter 1150: Chapter 1147: Yes, it’s a deal
"That’s why I’m not afraid." 
"I have a way out, what would I be scared of." 
Her response prompted a light chuckle from the man, "Hm, if you get terminated, I’ll support you. I’ll immediately set up a brokerage company and sign just you on. I’ll also establish a Film and TV Company that makes films where you are the Female Lead 1." 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh, extending a finger towards him playfully, "Really? Then it’s a deal." 
Ashton Heath, not finding her behavior childish, extended a finger as well, hooking it with hers, his face affectionate, "Yes, it’s a deal." 
"However, you might be slightly inconvenienced." Joanna’s recent Blog post was public, yet not completely public. 
It wasn’t completely public because she didn’t announce her marriage. 
Regarding this, she stuck to her original plan. 
She wanted to make it public only after graduating and having a wedding ceremony. 
"Hm?" For Ashton Heath, he was already quite surprised. 
Joanna Lawrence dug out the Blog post she just sent and handed over the cell phone to him: "We’re not telling others about our marriage for now. You won’t be mad, will you? If you mind, I can make the announcement again." 
Ashton Heath took over the phone and looked down. 
The content of Joanna’s post was: Thanks everyone for caring about my personal feelings. Since everyone is so curious, I’ll be honest. I do have a sugar daddy, and he is indeed a wealthy and influential man who can elevate me. This man is my boyfriend, the best man in the world for me, and the one I love most. Because he is an outsider, I don’t want him to get involved in the disputes of the entertainment circle, so I won’t reveal who he is. I also need to clarify that Mr. Parker and I are just ordinary friends. He helped me out because of my boyfriend, please stop making rumors about us. As for my abortion in senior high school, I don’t want to say much, the lawyers will handle everything. Rumor-mongers will pay the price, and I will not let go of any of them. 
After Joanna made the Blog post, she didn’t look at it any further. 
Now when she logged in, she found that there were over twenty thousand comments on her post within a short time, and it was shared over ten thousand times. 
This level of shares and comments can match those of the top-tier artists. 
Actually, Joanna is a unique case among newcomers. 
Apart from doing minor roles and being a background character, she really doesn’t have a proper resume. 
She is, essentially, a greenhorn with zero notable works. 
Yet, this greenhorn makes it to the hot search on Blog now and then. 
And through various scandals, her followers have increased by more than a million. 
Every time she posts on Blog, the number of comments and shares are comparable to those of top-tier artists. 
And these are real numbers. 
Unlike some artists who buy shares and comments. 
Perhaps she can be considered as "black famous". 
Many artists fail to get famous through orthodox means, hence resort to being black famous. 
But being black famous isn’t an easy path. 
Not everyone who tries to walk this path succeeds. 
Indeed, there are some artists who successfully used being black famous to top and whitewashed their reputation later. 
Now, these artists are doing pretty well. 
However, Joanna had never thought about getting famous this way, but she is really getting famous through this method now.
###Chapter 1151: Chapter 1148: I Am My Girlfriend’s Sugar Daddy
Even though the comment section was dominated by anti-fans, the fact that there were so many comments and reposts within just ten minutes confirmed her popularity. 
Ashton Heath read through Joanna’s blog post, thought for a moment, handed her phone back to her, and then took out his own phone. 
"Wait a moment for me." 
He said only this sentence and then started typing quickly on the phone screen. 
After a few minutes, he put away his phone and looked up at Joanna, saying, "Done." 
"Huh?" 
Done? 
What was done? 
Joanna was puzzled. 
But soon, she knew what Ashton Heath had just done. 
Because Aria Rowlett sent her a screenshot of a Twitter message. 
In the screenshot, a fan named "unknownMe" mentioned her. 
unknownMe: @JoannaV, I am my girlfriend’s sugar daddy. After this, whoever dares to spread rumors about her having another sugar daddy will be killed. 
Sweet Aria: Baby, are you and the heartthrob going public? Hahaha, you should have done it earlier! I get worried for you every day when I see those anti-fans spreading rumors and smearing you. If you ask me, it’s better to let them know who the heartthrob is, so they won’t dare to gossip so recklessly. However, he is an outsider, and it’s not good to get him involved in the entertainment circle’s disputes. Fortunately, the heartthrob’s brothers are supportive, and they reposted his blog right away. Even if others don’t know who the heartthrob is, seeing those big shots reposting, they will definitely not dare to offend you casually anymore. 
Ashton Heath posted on his blog? 
His brothers even reposted his blog? 
Looking at the Twitter message Aria sent her, Joanna was stunned for a few seconds before looking up Ashton’s blog account. 
Ashton Heath only posted one entry, which he had just posted. 
His blog was very simple, with all the settings still in their original state. 
Most notably, he only followed one person on his blog account. 
Joanna clicked in to see that the only person Ashton followed was her. 
His blog account should have been newly registered, and he had very few followers. 
Joanna clicked in to see that the few people following him were named: YannickV, GaryV, and DenverV. 
Upon seeing YannickV, Joanna immediately guessed that it must be Yannick Luther. 
As for DenverV, she clicked to check, and the blog verification was Patient Hospital Dean and the prominent surgical expert in Australand. 
Yannick Luther was a wealthy Internet celebrity. 
He enjoyed posting on the blog in his free time and often shared content that was relatable. As a result, his "down-to-earth affluent offspring" persona attracted many fans, and his blog had more than 20 million followers. 
Like an A-list celebrity. 
Denver Lancaster also liked sharing medical knowledge on the blog, occasionally providing free consultation to patient inquiries. With his authoritative medical expertise and supposed approachability, he had more than 7 million followers. 
These people all reposted Ashton Heath’s blog post mentioning her. 
Because of their reposts, many people discovered Ashton Heath’s blog post and started speculating about his identity. 
Everyone knew that although Yannick Luther was known as the "most down-to-earth affluent offspring," it was only superficial. 
People like them, the heaven’s princes, were innately proud. 
Ordinary people would not easily catch their attention. 
Thus, someone who could make Yannick Luther repost and follow immediately must not be an ordinary person. 
Moreover, the phrase "Brandon’s awesome" that Yannick Luther reposted suggested that this "unknownMe" had an extraordinary identity.
###Chapter 1152: Chapter 1149: This UnknownMe is Just Too Awesome, Isn’t He?
Who could be addressed as ’Big Shot’ by the young master of the Luther family? How ordinary could this individual be? 
Can anyone just earn the title ’Big Shot’ from the young master of the Luther? 
Moreover, it wasn’t only Yannick Luther who forwarded that blog post; Gary White and Denver Lancaster did so as well. 
These individuals are all influential figures within their circles. 
Among the four top wealthy families of Closia — the Luther family, the White family, the Parker family, and the Heath family — the heirs of two of these families forwarded the blog post of unknownMe. 
Although the Lancaster family isn’t counted among the top wealthy families, they certainly hold a prominent position in the medical field. 
Their social status is no less than these other prominent families. 
This unknownMe, who just registered his blog today, instantly gained the attention of these Big Shots and they helped forward his blog. One can imagine that his identity is definitely not lesser than any among this group, including Yannick Luther. 
So, all the scandals and rumors Joanna Lawrence previously caused, everyone thought they were settled by Frank Parker. 
But they weren’t? 
Was it this unknownMe guy who helped her settle them? 
So, all those rumors about her and Frank Parker were false? 
Did she secure the endorsement from Color Vista because she is unknownMe’s girlfriend? 
Did Mr. Parker make an exception to give her the endorsement because of his good relationship with unknownMe? 
Various speculations emerged among the public. 
The most frequent speculation was about who exactly this mysterious unknownMe was. 
Netizen A: What the heck, this unknownMe is awesome. Not even a minute after registering, the important figures like the young master of the Luther family and Gary White followed him and also forwarded his blog post in support. Who is he? 
Netizen B: UnknownMe, a pretty low-profile name. But his demeanor is anything but low-profile. This is the first time I’ve seen Yannick behaving in such an ingratiating manner. Yannick is actually calling him Big Shot, could his status be even higher than Yannick’s? 
Netizen C: Haven’t you guys noticed that even Mr. Parker followed him and forwarded his blogs? Oh my God, out of the four top wealthy families in Closia, heirs of three of those families are involved. Just who is this UnknownMe?! 
Just when this netizen finished exclaiming, eagle-eyed users noticed that the official blog of Heath Group also followed this unknownMe. 
Then they forwarded his blog post indicating support. 
Heath Group Ltd: We Support unknownMe. Heath Group will assist unknownMe in suing anyone who spreads rumors or maligns others with ill-intent. Keep spreading rumors if you dare, but not a single culprit will escape the Elite Lawyer Team of the Heath Group. 
All netizens: "..." 
So, even the official blog of the Heath Group has come forward to support him? 
And they’re going to use the Heath Group’s acclaimed lawyer team to fight his lawsuits? 
Doesn’t this mean that the entire four great families of Closia have now been gathered? 
Oh my God, this unknownMe is really badass. 
Having the four top wealthy families support him at the same time, he really knows how to make an entrance. 
Could it be, he is one of them? 
No matter who he is, the fact that he holds a super powerful identity is beyond question after this incident. 
The appearance of unknownMe as well as the support from the heirs of the major families leaves the quick-tongued anti-fans panicked and scared. They are busy clearing all information from their blogs, terrified that the Heath Group’s lawyer team may come after them. 
Who doesn’t know how scary the Acclaimed Lawyer Team of the Heath Group is?
###Chapter 1153: Chapter 1150: Why Haven’t You Posted on the Blog Yet?
If he has intentions of suing you, nobody can come out unscathed. 
Heath Group has never lost any lawsuit they have ever been involved in. 
As soon as the Acclaimed Lawyer Team is on the case, it’s a hundred percent chance of winning. 
However, since this Acclaimed Lawyer Team was specifically established for the President of the Heath Group, they usually don’t handle trivial, small lawsuits. That’s why netizens were especially surprised when the official Heath Group Blog announced it would assist unknownMe in the lawsuit. 
Even the Heath Group’s Acclaimed Lawyer Team could be employed... 
Some netizens guessed the real identity of unknownMe, but because of Mr. Ashton’s well-known androphobia, those who guessed Ashton Heath’s identity felt it was unlikely to be him. 
After some netizens ruled him out, they guessed whether it might be Brandon Heath. 
Those who guessed it was Brandon felt even more impossible. 
Brandon Heath was busy working 365 days a year, and he could be seen in various current affair news every day. 
He didn’t have time for a romantic relationship. 
In short, after unknownMe came forward, the focus on the Blog changed instantly. 
The rumors about her and Frank Parker have been automatically clarified. 
Nobody started saying that Frank Parker was her sugar daddy anymore. 
There were also those few who said she had an abortion during senior high school, and that her private life was a mess, but their Blog accounts were all gone. 
In a short while, the Heath Group’s Elite Lawyer Team had issued a lawyer’s letter on the official Blog. 
Those people whose accounts had already been wiped out were listed in the lawsuit, and the Heath Group claimed to have obtained the detailed information of everyone on the list from Infinity Blog and would soon launch the lawsuit against them. 
That is to say, those anti-fans who had been busy clearing their own data, had no use in doing so. 
There would be registration traces as long as they registered. 
Once the Blog’s technical department investigated, they could easily find the registered information. 
Since the Heath Group had sent out a lawyer’s letter, everyone could see the seriousness of this matter. 
Usually in this situation, some are sued as a warning to others. 
The first ones to be sued were accounts that led the way and had high reposting rates. 
After these people were sued, others who followed suit and attacked Joanna Lawrence panicked and deleted their related Blog posts for fear they would also be listed in the lawsuit. 
Suddenly, the Blog, which had been tense and chaotic, quieted down a lot. 
All of Joanna Lawrence’s negative hot searches disappeared. 
Only the hot search about her Color Vista endorsement and the suspected Sophie’s alt account complaining about the stolen endorsement remained. 
Others had all quieted down. 
But Sophie’s fans had not. 
They were still complaining that Joanna Lawrence had gone through the back door and snatched the endorsement that originally belonged to Sophie. 
Fans were all defending Sophie, saying that Joanna Lawrence was "abusing her power." 
* 
On the other hand. 
Stellary Talent Agency. 
President of Stellary Talent Agency looked at Sophie’s hot search still hanging on the Blog, and was so angry that he threw his phone on the desk with a "snap" sound, "I have already told you to immediately post a statement, clearing Joanna Lawrence of snatching away your endorsement." 
"Why haven’t you posted the Blog yet?" 
Sophie stood in front of the desk with a wronged look on her face, "Mr. Southey, but that endorsement was originally meant to be mine. If it weren’t for that woman named Joanna Lawrence taking the endorsement through the back door, I would be the spokesperson for Color Vista next season." 
"Why should she snatch my endorsement? Can Color Vista sell anything after signing her as the celebrity endorser?"
###Chapter 1154: Chapter 1151: Issue a Statement Immediately!
The president of Stellary Talent Agency was so angry that he wanted to smash the cup on the table at her. 
But considering that Sophie is now the cash cow of the company and that it’s not really her fault, he held back his anger. 
However, his face was still dark as he said sternly, "It’s none of your business what happens to her or how the sales of Color Vista will be, all of this has nothing to do with you! Now you go and post a blog, saying that you voluntarily turned down the endorsement deal and it has nothing to do with Joanna Lawrence." 
"What?!" Sophie widened her eyes, her face full of disbelief and anger, "Why should I say that? It’s obviously..." 
"Shut up." 
The president of Galaxy Agency finally lost his patience and yelled at her, "Do you know who’s backing Joanna Lawrence? Even if she snatched one endorsement deal from you, even if she took several Female Lead 1 roles from you, you’d have to put up with it!" 
"If you still want to continue in this industry, go post the statement right now!" 
The president of Galaxy Agency had an exhausted look on his face. 
Even if Sophie was the cash cow of the company, he couldn’t indulge her this time. 
Indulging her would cost the company everything. 
Let alone having Sophie release a statement. 
If necessary, if he had to sacrifice her, he wouldn’t hesitate to abandon her. 
"Mr. Southey, who is backing Joanna Lawrence? Are you really that afraid of him too?" Sophie’s face was full of unwillingness, clearly still reluctant to post the statement. 
She didn’t think she had done anything wrong. 
She was the one who had been wronged, the one whose endorsement had been stolen. 
Yet the company didn’t comfort her, make it up to her, but instead asked her to make a statement to help the newcomer. 
Why should she bear this humiliation herself? 
Was the newcomer’s supporter really that amazing? 
Wasn’t she just clinging to Mr. Parker of the wealthy Parker family? 
But Mr. Parker’s status, in her view, was nothing but a casual plaything. 
Wealthy young masters have numerous lovers and change them every few days, so how seriously can they treat a little lover? 
She didn’t believe that if she didn’t post the statement, there would be any serious consequences. 
Seeing that she was still unwilling, the president of Galaxy Agency cursed her as a fool in his heart and retorted angrily, "Her boyfriend is Ashton Heath, the president of Heath Group! Do you think I’m not afraid? Do you think I can afford to offend the president of Heath Group?" 
"Can I afford to piss him off?" 
"With just one word from him, the entire Galaxy Agency will be done for. Are you f**king trying to make my company go bankrupt?!" 
Because Sophie was the cash cow of Galaxy Agency, the president had always treated her very well. 
This was the first time he shouted obscenities at her. 
She was stunned by the yelling, and a few seconds later, she opened her eyes wide, her face full of disbelief. 
"The president of Heath Group? The newcomer’s boyfriend is the president of Heath Group?" Sophie had thought that Joanna Lawrence was at most clinging to Frank Parker’s thigh, and becoming Frank’s lover. She was shocked by Mr. Southey’s words and it took her a while to snap out of it. 
How could this be possible. 
The president of Heath Group... 
Is that the one who is said to be the youngest president in Heath Group’s history, who just returned to the country not long ago?! 
But wasn’t it said that Mr. Ashton has androphobia? 
"Post the statement right now!" The president of Galaxy Agency stared harshly at her, his face fierce and menacing at this moment, devoid of any friendliness that he usually had, "Don’t let your fans attack Joanna Lawrence anymore, or else if you anger Ashton Heath, even I can’t protect you!"
###Chapter 1155: Chapter 1152: It looks like she’s being threatened no matter how you look at it
* 
When Sophie’s fans were clamoring to go to MC’s official Blog to seek justice for Sophie, Sophie updated a new Blog post. 
SophieV: I apologize, I just woke up a while ago and saw the hot search about me on the blog. I want to clarify that the so-called alt account has nothing to do with me. Please don’t associate others’ affairs with me. This malicious speculation has not only affected me but also innocent people. I want to apologize to @JoannaV here because my issue has caused her to suffer many malicious attacks. I also want to clarify that my contract with MC was terminated a month ago. MC did have intentions to renew the contract, but due to my schedule, I couldn’t accept it, so I had to decline regretfully. It’s my own reason for not being able to renew the contract, and it has nothing to do with others. I hope no one will bring up this issue maliciously. I know my dear Angels are reasonable people, so let’s stop this matter here. If you genuinely care about me, promise me not to make a big fuss about it anymore, okay? 
When Sophie’s side released the blog post, her fans left messages in her comment section. 
Sophie’s Little Angel: Sophie, is that alt account really not yours? But I think it is yours. Are you apologizing now because you’ve been threatened? 
Only Love My Sophie: Yeah, Joanna’s boyfriend seems very impressive. Did someone force you to issue this statement? She’s so shameless, stealing our Sophie’s endorsement and now forcing Sophie to apologize to her, too much! 
Love Sophie for a Hundred Years: How dare that little newcomer make our gorgeous Sophie apologize! What makes her so special? Even if her boyfriend is impressive, it doesn’t mean she can steal someone’s endorsement. I’ve seen shameless people, but never as shameless as this)
Bunny Doesn’t Eat Grass: Sophie, don’t be afraid, no matter how strong her background, more than twenty million Sophie’s fans are supporting you. If she dares to do anything to you, we’ll be there for you! 
The reason for the fans’ agitation was the implication of the last sentence in Sophie’s statement may have another meaning. 
It seemed like she was threatened and, therefore, issued the statement. 
Instead of voluntarily posting it. 
Moreover, when fans left messages in the comment section asking if she was threatened, she didn’t reply at all. 
This silence made the fans feel even more that she was being coerced. 
The one coercing her must be Joanna. 
As a result, not only did her statement not calm the situation, but it also further enraged her fans. 
Fans formed a group and stormed Joanna’s blog, cursing Joanna bloody. 
Not only did they curse her in the comment section, but they also sent private messages with many unbearable and malicious words. 
Soon, Joanna became a hot search topic again because of Sophie’s statement. 
Hot Search Topics: Sophie being threatened, boycotting the dark forces behind Joanna. 
* 
Meanwhile, when Ashton Heath registered a blog account and made his relationship with Joanna public, becoming a hot discussion topic on the internet due to his mysterious identity, Annie Lawrence and Rebecca Kelloway inevitably saw his post. 
Rebecca naturally knew who unknownMe was. 
Of course, she also knew very well that Ashton Heath never used to play on the blog, so he hadn’t even registered an account before.
###Chapter 1156: Chapter 1153: That Mysterious Man, His Surname is also Heath
But now, he was breaking the rules again and again for Joanna Lawrence. 
Not only did he register a Blog account, but he also interacted with her on the Blog, publicly announcing their relationship! 
Had he become so concerned about Joanna Lawrence already? 
What angered Rebecca Kelloway even more was that Yannick Luther and others had all reposted Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence’s respective Blogs. It seemed that everyone was siding with Joanna Lawrence. 
But, these people used to be her best friends. 
She was the only girl among them. 
She was the most favored one in the group of four. 
But now, that person became Joanna Lawrence. 
She instead became the target of everyone’s criticism. 
Everyone thought she was wrong. 
Everyone was alienating her. 
Even Frank Parker, who had always been very good to her, told her that he had liked the wrong person. 
The girl he liked was the one who had saved him. 
He was good to her because he thought she saved him. 
So, were his kindnesses all false? 
He said he would withdraw, and he did. 
He could distance himself so easily, so directly, without any hesitation or attachment towards her. 
She began to doubt whether their feelings for so many years were all fake. 
But even if she deceived him, even if the person who saved him that night wasn’t her, didn’t he have any feelings for her after all these years they spent together? 
Was there nothing about Rebecca Kelloway that he could like at all? 
She really hated it. 
Why did it turn out like this? 
Why did everything change when Joanna Lawrence appeared? 
Why was she having such a hard time now, while that little bitch Joanna Lawrence was living a smoother and more comfortable life? 
Rebecca Kelloway stared at the Blog page motionlessly, her eyes fixed on it for a full minute, before angrily throwing her phone to the floor. 
She wasn’t living a smooth life. 
Joanna Lawrence shouldn’t enjoy a smooth life either! 
Thankfully, there was Annie Lawrence, who could be used as a pawn against Joanna Lawrence. 
"Joanna Lawrence," Rebecca Kelloway gritted her teeth and called out her name, word by word, with intense resentment, "You stole everything that belonged to me. Do you think you can live happily ever after? Impossible!" 
"I will take back what is mine, one by one." 
Annie Lawrence also saw the Blogs posted by Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath. 
It included Yannick Luther and other’s reposts and the lawyer’s letter from the Heath Group. 
She was so jealous that she could crush her teeth in her mouth. 
Although she didn’t know who unknownMe was, the attention and reposts from Yannick Luther, Frank Parker, and others showed that the real identity of unknownMe was impressive and definitely not inferior to the Luther family, the Parker family, and other big families. 
And then there was the Acclaimed Lawyer Team from the Heath Group. 
Annie Lawrence had met Ashton Heath several times before. 
She suddenly remembered Ashton Heath’s name, her eyes widened with a look of shock in them. 
That mysterious man also had the last name Heath. 
Joanna Lawrence had said that he was her boyfriend. 
From the moment she first saw that mysterious man, she knew his identity was definitely extraordinary. 
At that time, she had asked someone to investigate him. 
But there was nothing to be found. 
Usually, only people with exceptionally prominent identity and status couldn’t have any information found. 
Yannick Luther called him "Brandon." 
The Heath Group followed him immediately, and his last name was Heath... 
When the possibility popped into her mind, Annie Lawrence was so shocked that her phone almost fell to the ground.
###Chapter 1157: Chapter 1154: How Could It Possibly Be That Person
She wore a disbelief-ridden look on her face. 
How could it be... 
How could Joanna’s boyfriend be that person. 
Even if Joanna managed to get together with Frank Parker, it still wouldn’t be as shocking as her being with that man. 
But who else in Closia could garner such attention from the heirs of several powerful families? 
Following his blog and reposting his content simultaneously. 
If it is that person, it all makes sense. 
When she considered this possibility, Annie felt as if she’d been hit on the head, dizzy and disoriented. 
How could that despicable Joanna have such luck? 
How could her boyfriend be the President of the Heath Group? 
No, she must be wrong. 
For that wretched girl to get together with Frank Parker is already a tremendous fortune. 
But why is her heart growing more and more uneasy? 
What if her guess is true? 
What if Joanna really is with the President of the Heath Group? 
Annie thought once more about what Rebecca Kelloway had told her. 
She could hardly wait to know the truth. 
Her only chance to outdo Joanna now is to become the White family’s daughter. 
If she becomes the daughter of the White family, even if Joanna is indeed dating the President of the Heath Group, as long as she doesn’t marry into the Heath family, she could be dumped by Ashton Heath at any time. 
Whereas her status as the White family’s daughter will remain unchanged. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence made the hot search on Blog because of Sophie’s statement, Ashton Heath also saw the related trending topic. 
He frowned as he clicked on the search, then exited with a dark expression. 
He sent a message to Cody Aberton’s contact. 
Upon receiving it, Cody immediately replied: Yes, President Ashton, I’ll notify Stellary Talent Agency right away. 
Ashton sent the message and tossed his phone aside. 
At this very moment, Sophie, completely unaware that her resentment had caused her to make a huge mistake, one that gave her no opportunity to rectify. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath’s relationship was virtually public. 
Although Ashton’s true identity hadn’t been revealed, everyone knew that Joanna had an incredible boyfriend, someone who could mobilize the Heath Group’s Elite Lawyer Team. This meant that from now on, Joanna was a person they couldn’t afford to offend casually. 
Nobody dared to criticize her like they used to. 
Upon making their relationship public, Joanna noticed a 360-degree change in Ashton’s mood. He had been smiling ever since he posted on his blog. 
Though it was a very faint smile, he was genuinely smiling. 
When Joanna first went to the Heath Group to find him, his face had been tense the entire time. 
Before they knew it, it was lunchtime, and they chose a place to eat. 
The entire meal was pleasant and enjoyable. 
After dining, Joanna went back to the company with Ashton. 
As they left the restaurant, they ran into David Benington and his mother, Mrs. Benington, who had just entered. 
David and Mrs. Benington noticed them too. 
David immediately saw Joanna, holding Ashton’s hand so affectionately and intimately. His face darkened, and his lips tightened. 
Despite the immense unhappiness inside him, he had to put up with it. 
If he still thought that Ashton Heath was just one of the Heath’s side relatives, he would be outrageously foolish.
###Chapter 1158: Chapter 1155: Blame the Unfilial Son in Her Family for Being Unlucky
He is the CEO of Galaxy Agency and usually pays close attention to the entertainment industry. 
He often checks his blog too. 
Today, Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath practically dominated all hot searches, making quite a scene that almost everyone in Closia knew about it. How could David Benington not know? 
When he saw Joanna and Ashton flaunting their love on the blog, he felt both angry and uncomfortable. 
That kind of discomfort was a heart-wrenching feeling. 
No matter how cold and disgusted Joanna was towards him in the past, he always believed that she still had a place for him in her heart. 
Deep love can turn into deep hatred. 
But now... 
David’s gaze fell once again on their tightly intertwined hands, and his heart instantly felt a stabbing pain. 
His eyebrows furrowed deeply, and the anger and jealousy flashed in his eyes. 
Joanna Lawrence... originally should have married him and become his woman. 
Mrs. Benington also saw Joanna, and the smile on her face just appeared when she saw Ashton Heath by Joanna’s side; the smile on her face faded instantly. 
Mrs. Benington knew long ago that a good girl like Joanna would definitely have people who liked her. 
Her son had a treasure in his hands, but he didn’t know how to cherish it, and there would always be someone who would. 
Yet seeing her once favorite and most satisfied daughter-in-law-in-waiting being with another man, she still felt regretful and sad in her heart. 
Especially since she could clearly feel that Joanna was getting better and better, and becoming more and more beautiful day by day. 
She was a beautiful child before. 
Now she’s so beautiful that people are almost afraid to look directly at her. 
Although the Benington family doesn’t belong to the top wealthy families, they qualify as a typical wealthy family. 
Mrs. Benington is not a frugal person, and she also has a good understanding of various luxury brands. 
She could see at a glance that Joanna’s outfit was all top-notch luxury brands, even among luxury brands. 
Looking at her apricot eyes filled with moisture, her face rosy and full, and the happiness and sweetness between her eyebrows, it was clear that she was living a very good life. 
Seeing her favorite young girl doing well made Mrs. Benington feel relieved. 
Only in this relief, there was also helplessness and heartache. 
While Mrs. Benington was sizing up Joanna, she was also sizing up Ashton Heath. 
Even though she didn’t know Ashton, or his identity, she could tell at a glance that he had an extraordinary background. 
His whole body exuded an aura of nobility. 
Not to mention his looks, body, and taste in clothing, all of which were one in a million. 
Even if Mrs. Benington thought her son was the best in the world, 
she couldn’t help but admit that her son was overshadowed by the young man in front of her. 
Mrs. Benington looked at Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence standing in front of her and couldn’t help but think that the phrase "a handsome man and a beautiful woman" was most fitting for them. 
They were a truly eye-catching, well-matched couple. 
As Mrs. Benington watched, her heartache increased. 
Alas, it’s a pity that her rebellious son didn’t have the fortune to cherish such a good daughter-in-law! 
Her son had let down such a good girl, so God had punished her by taking away her grandchild. 
Thinking of Annie Lawrence’s lost child and the recent events that had befallen the Benington family, Mrs. Benington’s eyes lost their luster, and her gaze grew dim. 
"Joanna," Mrs. Benington called out with heartache in her voice. 
After going to the Benington family last time to make it clear that she had broken up with David, Joanna hadn’t seen Mrs. Benington again.
###Chapter 1159: Chapter 1156: In this life, I will never let her down
Although David Benington treated her badly, Mrs. Benington had always been good to her. 
So even if Joanna Lawrence had extreme disgust for David Benington in her heart, she was still very polite to Mrs. Benington. She smiled and said, "Mrs. Benington, what a coincidence to meet you here." 
"Yes, what a coincidence." Mrs. Benington tried to suppress her sadness, "It’s been a while since I’ve seen you. I’ve missed you, Joanna. I’ve said it before - even if you and Da...you are always welcome to come to the Benington family." 
Seeing Ashton Heath standing next to Joanna Lawrence, Mrs. Benington suddenly felt awkward about what she just said. 
She immediately tried to change the subject, "Joanna, who is this gentleman...Aren’t you going to introduce him to Mrs. Benington?" 
"Oh, Mrs. Benington, I forgot to introduce you." 
Joanna Lawrence could feel David Benington’s gaze constantly fall on her. 
He was staring at her intently. 
But she treated him like air, not even looking at him once. She affectionately took Ashton Heath’s arm and introduced him generously to Mrs. Benington, "Mrs. Benington, this is my...boyfriend, Ashton Heath. Ashton, this is Mrs. Benington." 
Joanna Lawrence almost mentioned that she used to play at their house when she was younger, but fortunately held back in time.
If she had said that, Ashton’s jealousy would certainly have been aroused. 
So she just made a simple introduction. 
Fortunately, Ashton was very supportive at the critical moment. Although he was bothered by David Benington, he still acted very generously and politely. He smiled slightly at Mrs. Benington and said, "Mrs. Benington, nice to meet you. Joanna mentioned you before, and I appreciate the care you’ve given her over the years." 
Ashton wasn’t one who recklessly hurt others out of jealousy. 
Of course, he utterly despised David Benington. 
But from Joanna Lawrence, he knew that Collin and Mrs. Benington had treated her well and hadn’t wronged her, so he wouldn’t project his disgust for David Benington onto his parents. 
For anyone Joanna Lawrence cared about, he would give them some respect. 
And it was the same for Mrs. Benington. 
Mrs. Benington was also a generous person. 
Even if Joanna Lawrence couldn’t become her daughter-in-law, she was still relieved to see her so happy now. 
She looked at Ashton Heath with appreciation in her eyes and said, "Mr. Ashton is really talented and a great match for Joanna. Mr. Ashton, Joanna is almost like a daughter I’ve watched grow up. She’s an extremely good girl, so I hope you’ll treat her well and not let her down." 
Ashton Heath’s lips curled up, and he looked down at the girl beside him with adoration in his eyes. "Don’t worry, Mrs. Benington. Joanna is the treasure I want to cherish for a lifetime, I’ll treat her well and never let her down in this life." 
He was showing off their affection in public. 
In front of an elder, Joanna Lawrence felt a little embarrassed. She raised her eyes shyly and stared at him. 
David Benington saw this scene as a flirtatious exchange between them in front of him. 
Watching the woman who once belonged to him being so intimate with another man, while she didn’t even spare him a glance, David Benington’s eyes flashed with fury. Unable to bear it any longer, he pulled Mrs. Benington to the side, his face pale with anger as he glared at Ashton Heath and said, "Mom, do you know who he is? You called him Mr. Ashton so politely. It’s the ’good girl’ in your eyes who conspired with this man, making the Benington Group what it is today. Yet you’re still so polite to them!" 
Mrs. Benington was stunned, her face changing color, "David, what are you talking about?"
###Chapter 1160: Chapter 1157: You, David Benington, Are Not Qualified
David Benington said with hatred, "I told you it’s because of them that the Benington Group has become like this. That good girl in your eyes is going against the Benington family, and no matter how well you treat her, even if you and Dad treat her like a daughter, it won’t make a difference." 
Driven by jealousy and anger, David lost his sanity: "Now she’s wholeheartedly devoted to the man beside her, not caring about the life or death of the Benington family. She probably can’t wait for the Benington Group to go bankrupt and for the Benington family to be utterly down and out." 
"David, shut your mouth. Don’t think everyone is as mean-minded as you. I never thought of going against the Benington family. Even after the disgraceful and disgusting things you’ve done, it’s only you who disgusts me. Mrs. Benington and Mr. Benington are still as dear to me as before, and I’ve never complained about them." 
"It’s not because of you that I would ever do anything to the Benington family." 
"If I were to go after someone, it would only be you." 
Even though Joanna wanted to treat David as if he were invisible, his words made her unable to bear it any longer. 
Looking at David with extreme disgust, Joanna said: "Anyone can criticize me, but you, David Benington, have no right. Do you even know what you’ve done? If I’m not worth anything, then what are you? You’re not even worth being called a thing!" 
Joanna originally didn’t want to say these words in front of Mrs. Benington. 
But David was just too disgusting. 
Disgusting to the point where she could no longer hold it in. 
David didn’t expect her to suddenly blow up, and even say such ugly words. He was momentarily stunned for several seconds before clenching his fists, his face turning ugly: "That was because you forced me! If it weren’t for you--" 
"You shameless thing, shut your mouth! Aren’t you embarrassed enough!" Mrs. Benington slapped David’s face with a "smack." She was so angry that her face turned red, and she pointed at David’s nose and scolded him, "How dare you blame Joanna, do you have any conscience left? How did I end up with such a shameless son like you!" 
As Mrs. Benington slapped David, many people around them looked over. 
Seeing David, such a grown man, slapped in the face, they couldn’t help but chatter about it. 
David covered his face, unable to believe what happened: "Mom, you... " 
He couldn’t believe that his mother would actually slap him in public, leaving no face for him. 
"You what?! We don’t need to eat this dinner tonight; I’m already fed up with the anger from your shameless acts." After slapping David’s face and still looking furious, Mrs. Benington turned to Joanna and said regretfully, "Joanna, it’s my fault for raising such a shameless thing who did you wrong and hurt you. I am deeply ashamed of my inability to properly raise a child." 
As she said this, Mrs. Benington’s eyes turned red. 
Joanna quickly comforted her: "Mrs. Benington, it’s not your fault." 
It was true that David was a shameless thing, but his shamelessness was not taught by Mrs. Benington. 
Mrs. Benington shook her head and said bitterly, "Since I gave birth to him, it’s my responsibility. Anyway... our Benington family owes you. Now you have a new home and a man so outstanding. I’m very happy for you."
"Joanna, you must be happy. When you get married, I must attend your wedding. At that time, don’t forget to send me an invitation." Mrs. Benington looked at the girl she once loved as a daughter and felt a deep sense of regret and sorrow.
###Chapter 1161: Chapter 1158: This Lesson, He Deserves It
She truly wished that Joanna Lawrence could have a good life. 
Joanna could feel Mrs. Benington’s sincerity, and she nodded and said, "Yes, I will. If Mrs. Benington wants to attend my wedding, I would love for you to come." 
"Alright, let’s make this promise here." 
After Mrs. Benington finished speaking, she left without even looking at David Benington because she was angry with him. 
David was dumbfounded and took a few seconds to react before immediately chasing after her. 
Before he left, he glared fiercely at Ashton Heath and locked eyes with Joanna for a moment, then turned around to chase after his mother. 
* 
"Ashton Heath, did you cause the problems at Benington Group?" 
After they left the restaurant and got into the car, Joanna directly asked Ashton Heath. 
She had known David for ten years. 
She also often interacted with the Benington family. 
So, she had a clear understanding of many things within the Benington family. 
The development of Benington Group had always been stable, and it even developed better in recent years. It was unlikely that they would suddenly experience a financial crisis. 
That’s why the Benington Group suddenly encountered heavy losses, which were mostly caused by Ashton Heath. 
He had previously used the same method to deal with Hook Group, causing them to go bankrupt overnight. 
"Yes, it was me." Ashton Heath fastened his seatbelt, turned his head to look at her, his eyes calm and honest. "I know what you want to say to me, but with him treating you like that, if I were to remain indifferent, what kind of person would I be?" 
"He deserves this lesson." 
If she knew how he had dealt with others in the past, she would know that this time he had gone easy on them. 
He didn’t let Benington Group die directly but gave them a chance to save themselves. 
It was only because of her that he didn’t completely destroy them since he knew she still had some feelings for the Benington family. 
However, David had to pay the price. 
"I know he deserves to be taught a lesson, and I support your decision to do so. I’m not trying to plead for mercy on his behalf." Joanna felt that she must make Ashton understand her stance clearly. "Whatever you want to do to him, I have no ions." 
Now, she was so disgusted with David that just mentioning his name would make her feel sick both mentally and physically. 
She didn’t care at all about how miserable David’s future would be. 
Even if he ended up a beggar on the streets, she wouldn’t feel pity or sympathy for him. 
However, seeing Mrs. Benington’s depressed demeanor earlier, she couldn’t help but feel a bit of compassion. 
Ashton looked at her and raised his eyebrows slightly, "So, what do you want to say?" 
"I just think that David is a scumbag, and he should be punished. But the others are innocent. It’s a bit too severe to make the entire Benington family suffer because of one person’s actions." 
"So, what do you want me to do?" 
"I just think that Mr. and Mrs. Benington are innocent, and they’ve always been kind to me. So... could you spare the Benington family a way out? At least, could you not completely destroy them, please?" 
She spoke carefully, afraid that he would be unhappy. 
Ashton watched her, remaining silent. 
Joanna looked anxious, "I’m not trying to speak up for David, please don’t misunderstand. Are... are you angry?" 
"No." After a moment of silence, Ashton finally spoke, "Considering the Benington Group’s foundation, it won’t collapse so easily. I understand your feelings towards David’s parents. I promise you, I won’t completely destroy the Benington family."
###Chapter 1162: Chapter 1159: He Discovered Some Unexpected Things
"Are you relieved now?" 
Joanna Lawrence still had a nervous expression on her face. She lifted her eyes, flickering a glance at him, "Are you really not angry?" 
"Really not." 
Ashton Heath looked at her anxious expression, gently rubbing her head, easing his tone, "Do I come across as petty in your eyes? When I say I’m not angry, it really means I’m not angry." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
What she wanted to say was, he was really petty! 
He was indeed a super jealous man. 
Even when it came to Aria Rowlett, he was jealous. How could she not worry that he was angry? 
After all, David Benington was her ex-fiance! 
* 
Ashton Heath was mostly a busy man. 
During work period, he was busy from start to finish. 
Joanna Lawrence came to Heath Group to accompany him a few times, and through this she realized that although he was the boss, his job was anything but easy. 
He was even busier than the employees below him. 
Once he started working, he was like a spinning top that wouldn’t stop turning. 
But she actually had no idea that, after they got married, Ashton Heath had already cut down a lot of his workload. 
He almost never did overtime again, and he always took weekends off on time. 
Before they got married, he almost had to work overtime every day. 
And he often spent the weekends working too. 
After arriving at the company, the two concentrated on their own tasks. They each did their own thing without disturbing the other, and their occasional communications were simply brief exchanges of glances. 
Joanna Lawrence had already gotten used to this mode of interaction. 
And she actually liked this way of interacting. 
When Ashton Heath was working, she wasn’t idle; she was flipping through TV series scripts. 
Speaking of it, this series had only just started shooting, but it had already experienced many dramatic twists and turns. 
First, they changed the lead actress, and now they’ve changed the lead actor. 
They had been starting shooting for a while, but now they had to reshoot all those scenes again. 
And she didn’t know who the new Male Lead 1 that Gary White found would be. 
In a blink, it was about time for Ashton Heath to get off work. He finished up his work in advance, discussing with Joanna Lawrence about where to eat dinner. 
Just when they made an agreement, Ashton Heath shut down his computer, ready to leave the office, and received a phone call before leaving. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t know who was calling him. 
But after Ashton Heath answered that call, his face obviously changed. 
After a while, he ended the call. 
He held his phone, turned his head, and looked at Joanna Lawrence with a somewhat strange gaze. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help ask, "What happened? Who called you?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her in silence for a few seconds, then said, "An employee. He talked about some work-related matters." 
Joanna Lawrence had a feeling that Ashton Heath was lying to her. 
That call just now was definitely not about work. 
But she didn’t question him further. 
"Baby, how about we go home for dinner tonight? Let’s bring Jeremy along. Grandma really likes him. The day after we left, she texted me to bring Jeremy over more often." 
Ashton Heath thought about the call he just answered, a strange look flashing in his eyes. 
He originally wanted to investigate to clear things up and stop Madam Heath from having random thoughts. 
He didn’t expect that this inquiry would uncover some unexpected truths. 
Although he couldn’t be one hundred percent certain at this point, based on the information he had found, there was at least sixty percent probability now.
Therefore, he had to bring Jeremy back and further verify. 
This was no small matter. 
Joanna Lawrence looked surprised, "Go home for dinner? Why suddenly go home for dinner? Did Grandma ask you to come home?"
###Chapter 1163: Chapter 1160: Not Many People Send Me Love Letters
Both of them had agreed on where to go for dinner tonight. 
Suddenly, he suggested going back. 
Joanna Lawrence felt that his sudden change of mind might have something to do with the phone call he had just received. 
Who called him, and what did they say? 
After a few seconds of silence, Ashton Heath nodded and said, "Yeah, Grandma mentioned it. Jeremy should be out of class by now, so we can go pick him up." 
That night, Madam Heath indeed showed that she was very fond of Jeremy Lawrence. 
So when Ashton Heath proposed to take Jeremy back to Heath Villa, Joanna didn’t think much of it. 
* 
Jeremy’s school was not far from Heath Group. 
Just over ten minutes later, Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence arrived at the school gate. 
Joanna called Jeremy and waited for him in the car. 
After about ten minutes, she saw Jeremy’s tall, thin figure. 
Jeremy had a distinctive and handsome appearance, with delicate and perfect features, like a beautiful teenager from a comic. 
Plus, he was over 1.8 meters tall, which made him stand out in the crowd. 
When Jeremy came out of the school gate, he saw Ashton Heath’s black Bentley parked not far away under a banyan tree. 
Jeremy attended a prestigious senior high school in Closia. 
In the school, there were many children from wealthy families.
Rebecca Kelloway also went to high school at this school. 
So Ashton Heath’s Bentley Continental, which was in the lower end of his luxury cars, did not attract much attention. 
On the other hand, Jeremy had always been one of the most popular figures in school. 
All along, many girls were secretly staring at him. 
Just as he was about to approach the black Bentley, a girl suddenly sprung out in front of him, head down, face flushed, and handed him a letter folded into a pink heart. 
The girl didn’t dare to look up at him and said blushing, "Jeremy, this, this is a letter I wrote to you. If you have time, please, please read it." 
After that, regardless of whether Jeremy wanted her letter or not, she stuffed it into his hand and quickly turned around to run away, covering her face. 
Jeremy seemed to be accustomed to this kind of thing, and he looked down at the pink little heart in his hand, expressionlessly putting the girl’s letter in his bag. 
In the car. 
Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence both saw the scene of Jeremy receiving the love letter from the girl. 
Joanna laughed and said to Ashton Heath, "I don’t know how many love letters Jeremy has received. When I was still in school, he would receive many love letters every day." 
Jeremy was indeed very good-looking. 
Seeing the similarity between him and Ashton Heath, Joanna jokingly said to Ashton, "When you were in school, did you receive a lot of love letters as well?" 
"Not really," Ashton Heath thought for a moment and answered truthfully, "I wasn’t as popular as Jeremy, so not many people gave me love letters." 
Joanna looked at his demonically handsome face and didn’t believe it, "Not many girls gave you love letters? How is that possible?" 
She could imagine that Ashton Heath must have been a school idol during his school days. 
There must have been many girls falling for him. 
If he said he hadn’t received any love letters, she really didn’t believe it. 
"I’m not lying to you," Ashton Heath looked at her with a candid gaze, not dodging at all, "Grady said I always had a poker face, like a living King Death. Girls simply didn’t dare to approach me. So I don’t know what it feels like to receive love letters." 
Joanna Lawrence, "..." 
Now, she believed it.
###Chapter 1164: Chapter 1161: Does She Underestimate Her Attraction To Him?
He sat somberly, his emotionless face really induced fear. 
Sometimes, when he was angry with her, his cold demeanor was honestly quite frightening. 
Even though his strikingly handsome face was attractive, the "stay away" cold aura that emanated from his entire body made people take three steps back in fear. 
After all, a handsome guy may be rare, but life is more precious. 
No matter how beautiful roses with thorns are, few would dare to pick them if they prick too much. 
Therefore, it’s not that no one has attempted to give him a love letter. 
It’s just that no one dared to! 
"What if someone gave you a love letter, would you accept it?" Joanna couldn’t help but ask again. 
Even though these were all hypothetical questions. 
But the thought of Ashton accepting love letters from other girls made her feel a bit uncomfortable. 
She now truly understood why Ashton felt so disturbed about David. 
If he also had an ex-girlfriend whom he’d known for ten years, dated for two years, and almost got married to, she would be devastated, she reckoned. 
"No." Ashton carefully pondered before answering her question. 
He answered all of Joanna’s queries and never took them lightly. 
He was always very earnest in his responses. 
So when he said he wouldn’t accept, he truly wouldn’t. 
Curious, Joanna asked, "Why? Don’t you like it when girls take the initiative to give you love letters?" 
Ashton stared at her intently with his deep, dark eyes, his answer was unexpected, "If you’re the one who gave me a love letter, I would accept it. I only accept love letters from people I like. I wouldn’t accept anyone else’s." 
Joanna: "..." 
Her heart beat wildly at his words. 
How could this man Ashton make a move on her suddenly? Her young heart couldn’t handle such occasional surprises from him. 
"You’re talking nonsense." 
Joanna looked at him shyly, her heart sweet, "If we were really at the same school and I gave you a love letter, you wouldn’t accept it anyway. You’re probably the type who’d outright ignore me, walk past me with an expressionless face." 
"No, you’d not only refuse my love letter, but you’d also say to me with a straight face ’Please don’t send me love letters anymore, your advances are distressing to me’, and then you’d leave without an expression." 
Ashton: "..." 
Has his little wife’s imagination gone too wild? 
Did she underestimate her attractiveness to him? 
"No." He still remembers the first time he saw her, that feeling of amazement. 
That night, he didn’t resist her. Apart from the fact that she was the only woman who wouldn’t cause an allergic reaction in him, he was instinctively attracted to her. 
This was something he realized later. 
If she hadn’t naturally attracted him, and he wasn’t just free of allergic reactions to her, he wouldn’t have been moved by her. 
And what happened that night wouldn’t have happened. 
He couldn’t deny that she had some special qualities. But if other women also had these qualities, would he have fallen for them? 
Like Rebecca. 
After giving it a thought, he decided no. 
Even though she made a casual assumption, Ashton looked at her seriously, his deep eyes were serious as he said word by word, "If you were the one to send me a love letter, I would really accept it. Joanna, believe it or not, you do have a very special attraction to me. So I wouldn’t be able to reject
###Chapter 1165: Chapter 1162: Many Things Are Very Coincidental
Joanna Lawrence felt her face burning when Ashton Heath stared at her so intently and affectionately, then listened to what he said, feeling a tender shyness as if there were little deer running amok in her heart: "What kind of special attraction is it? It’s because I’m the only one who won’t cause you an allergic reaction, right?" 
"No," Ashton Heath denied it without hesitation. 
"Then what is it?" 
"You might not believe it if I said it, but I didn’t find out until later," Ashton Heath fell silent for a few seconds, a hint of embarrassment on his handsome and haughty face, as if there was something difficult to say.
After a moment, he looked straight into Joanna Lawrence’s eyes and said, "I didn’t realize until later that it was love at first sight." 
He was emotionally slow-moving, so it took him a long time to realize that he had fallen in love with her the first time they met. 
But at that time, he didn’t know he had fallen in love with her at first sight. 
Later, he decided to marry her because he liked her and wanted to be with her. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have bet his marriage on his little flaw. 
He couldn’t have used the operation to save Jeremy Lawrence as an excuse to force Joanna into marriage. 
This was unlike his usual style at all. 
Fortunately, though his discovery of his own feelings was late, it did not cause any regrets. 
Now, she was by his side and his wife. 
At this moment, Ashton Heath was extremely grateful for his "despicable" act back then; if he had always acted like a gentleman, he and Joanna Lawrence wouldn’t be together today. 
Then he would really have regrets. 
Love at first sight... 
Joanna’s heart began to "thump thump thump" furiously, and her face turned red with embarrassment from his words. 
"Knock, knock, knock." 
At that moment, someone knocked on the car window from outside. 
Joanna, sitting in the driver’s seat, looked out and saw Jeremy Lawrence standing there. She covered her slightly hot face, took a deep breath to calm herself, and lowered the car window. 
"Joanna." 
As the window lowered, Jeremy Lawrence’s delicate, beautiful yet pale and frail face came into clear view. 
Seeing Joanna, he smiled and called her "Joanna," looking very well-behaved and sensible. 
"Jeremy, get in the car. We’re going to Grandma’s for dinner tonight." 
Joanna Lawrence only mentioned Madam Heath, not Lady Octavia. 
She didn’t have any good feelings towards Lady Octavia either. 
She had given up on trying to establish a good relationship with Lady Octavia. 
As long as they could be at peace in the future, that would be fine. 
"Okay." 
Ashton Heath opened the car door, and Jeremy climbed into the back seat. 
As soon as he got in, he sat down properly. 
Ashton Heath peered at him from the rearview mirror and thought about Jeremy’s possible other identity, feeling a bit strange. 
He was originally his brother-in-law. 
If that matter was confirmed, he would become his cousin. 
The transformation from brother-in-law to cousin was an odd feeling. 
Ashton Heath wasn’t superstitious. 
But after encountering Joanna Lawrence and Jeremy, he started to believe in the so-called destiny and fate. 
The woman who was supposed to be sent to his room that night had a car accident on the way, but in the end, it was Joanna Lawrence who was sent in. 
He wasn’t interested in any woman, even showed physical and psychological rejection towards women, but he only didn’t reject her. 
Additionally, because of her, he discovered that Jeremy might be from the Heath family. 
In many ways, there have been a lot of coincidences. 
So coincidental that it seemed like a script deliberately written by God, with all the events unfolding according to the script’s arrangement...
###Chapter 1166: Chapter 1163: Just Hoping Everything Is Just His Overthinking
Before driving off, Ashton Heath took a deep look at Jeremy Lawrence. 
He didn’t know whether to be happy or worried if Jeremy was truly his Uncle Damien’s son. 
Uncle Damien hadn’t had any children up until now. 
Discovering Jeremy’s existence would definitely be a pleasant surprise. 
They would surely attach great importance to their only son. 
Moreover, Jeremy was a considerate and well-behaved child with a pleasing personality. 
However... 
Thinking about his jealous and cunning Aunt Delilah, he couldn’t help but worry for Jeremy. 
He could only hope that it was all just his overthinking. 
* 
Upon arriving at Heath Villa, 
Having been severely scolded by Madam Heath last time, Lady Octavia put on a good show this time with her outward appearance. She no longer had a blank and emotionless face and didn’t use the excuse of not feeling well to leave the others and go to her room. 
Although she didn’t display much enthusiasm. 
But she managed to maintain appearances. 
Madam Heath was the happiest one, asking Joanna about her daily routines, and also inquiring Jeremy about his busy studies and whether he had been eating well. 
Almost as soon as she saw Joanna and Jeremy, her focus was on the two of them. 
Lady Octavia saw this and felt very annoyed. 
The old lady’s treatment of her as a daughter-in-law and Joanna as a granddaughter-in-law was completely different. 
She was always strict with her but lenient with Joanna on all conditions. 
Even allowing Joanna to become one of those lowly actors, Madam Heath didn’t . 
Madam Heath had always disliked male and female stars in the entertainment circle. 
It was also for this reason that the Heath Group had never ventured into that circle. 
Lady Octavia felt extremely unbalanced in her heart and thought Madam Heath was exceedingly partial. 
But she was still afraid of Madam Heath, so she didn’t dare to voice her grievances. 
As she couldn’t confront Madam Heath, she transferred her resentment to Joanna instead. 
It was all because of the cunning Joanna and her brother. The siblings beguiled Madam Heath. 
No matter how shrewd Madam Heath was, her old age made her easily deceived by them. 
* 
During dinner, 
As Lady Octavia watched Madam Heath’s cheerful conversation with Joanna and Jeremy, her heart grew more imbalanced. Unable to contain her thoughts for so long, she blurted out, "Joanna, I heard that you and Ashton went public on that blog thing. Is that true?" 
"So now, does everyone know that you are our Heath family’s daughter-in-law?" 
Madam Heath was having a delightful conversation with Joanna and Jeremy, 
Lady Octavia’s sudden statement made the atmosphere particularly awkward. 
Madam Heath looked at her suspiciously, "Going public? Blog? Octavia, what do you mean?" 
Madam Heath naturally didn’t know what a blog was. 
In fact, Lady Octavia also didn’t use blogs. As a noble madam like her, her hobbies were often artistic and elegant, such as flower arranging, playing the piano, or going to concerts and art exhibitions with her best friends. 
The reason she knew about Joanna and Ashton’s public relationship on the blog was because Rebecca Kelloway told her.
Lady Octavia smiled slightly and replied softly, "Mom, it’s a kind of social networking app that young people play with. So many people are using it, even several hundred million are registered. Joanna and Ashton’s relationship is only known to their family and close friends. Joanna had initially said that she was still young and wanted to announce their marriage after she graduated."
###Chapter 1167: Chapter 1164: You Better Not Play Any Tricks Now
"But I heard that they announced it on their blog today. Now many people know that they are together. I was just curious why Joanna is willing to go public now, so I asked." 
Lady Octavia impulsively shared this news that day, and was severely scolded by Madam Heath. 
She had learned her lesson and would not do anything so impulsive again. 
Even if she didn’t like Joanna Lawrence, in front of Madam Heath, she had to keep up appearances. 
Madam Heath was taken aback: "Is that so?" 
She asked Joanna: "Joanna, did you and Ashton really go public?" 
Joanna put down her fork and looked directly at Madam Heath: "Grandma, Ashton and I have gone public. However, no one knows his identity. The entertainment industry is a very complicated place, and I don’t want his identity to be exposed." 
"Grandma, I have to apologize to you." 
"Apologize to me?" Madam Heath was puzzled, "What have you done to apologize to me?" 
Joanna sincerely said, "I’ve caused quite a few scandals lately, although none of them are true." 
"Grandma didn’t blame me for those scandals and didn’t stop liking me because of them. I’m really grateful to Grandma. I think I can’t go on like this in the future. It’s not good for myself or for Ashton." 
"That’s why I decided to go public." 
"If we do this, there will be no more false rumors about me and other people in the future." 
"Is that so?" Before Madam Heath could say anything, Lady Octavia spoke with an odd tone: "They say there’s no smoke without fire, but are those scandals really all made up by reporters? Of course, I don’t mean to doubt you, but since you’re married to Ashton, you’re now a part of a family and should know what it means to avoid suspicion and behave. You just said that your circle is very complicated, can a woman like you really survive in such a complicated place?" 
"You’re now Mrs. Joanna Heath, and you won’t lack anything. In my opinion, you should stop acting altogether and focus on being a good wife and mother at home. Our Heath family doesn’t need the money you earn from acting. People will gossip when they find out that my daughter-in-law is a small actress in the entertainment industry."
"Lady Octavia, my sister has never done anything wrong to Ashton! Those scandals were all fake, and Joanna was also a victim. This is the twenty-first century, and the old times are over. There is no saying that women must stay at home to be a wife and mother after getting married. Ashton treats Joanna very well, and I believe that even if she doesn’t act, she could still live a comfortable life. But acting is Joanna’s dream and passion, and getting married doesn’t mean she has to give up her pursuit of her dream," Jeremy Lawrence couldn’t bear to hear people talk about his sister like this, and couldn’t help but refute Lady Octavia’s words. 
Even if he was actually nervous, no one could bully his sister! 
Ashton Heath was about to chime in to protect his wife, but his little brother-in-law beat him to it. 
He didn’t say anything more, wanting to see how Jeremy would defend his sister. 
Madam Heath also remained silent, her eyebrows furrowed as she observed, thinking how hard it was for Lady Octavia to change her nature. 
Originally, everyone was in a good mood, but Lady Octavia had to spoil the atmosphere with her words.
###Chapter 1168: Chapter 1165: Want to Confirm This Matter
Although Madam Heath remained silent, she had already taken Jeremy’s side, and she would definitely not stand for any grievances Lady Octavia might cause Jeremy. 
"I remember you’re called Jeremy, right? How impolite of you, child. I was talking to Joanna, and you cut in. No matter if it’s a new era or an old era, the rule is always ’the male leads outside, the female leads inside.’ That’s the rule in the Heath family. After I got married, I stayed at home to support my husband and teach our children. Why should it be different for your sister?" 
A girl exposing herself day in and day out, what does that look like? Even if those scandals are fake, if they persist, people will take them as true. Is that fair to Ashton? Won’t it affect the reputation of the Heath family?" Rebutted by a junior like Jeremy, Lady Octavia couldn’t save face. Her face darkened, and she coldly scolded. 
As soon as she scolded Jeremy, Madam Heath scolded her back: "Why are you being fierce towards Jeremy? As an elder, can’t you just talk nicely when speaking to the younger generation? Besides, Jeremy is right, film shooting is Joanna’s hobby and dream – she can’t give it up just because she married Ashton." 
"As for those scandals, I never believed them. There’s no smoke without fire, but those journalists can make up stories to gain attention. Does their word make it gospel? They also said for years Darren had another woman and would divorce you. Are you divorced now?" 
Lady Octavia’s face turned a bit pale: "Mom... " 
"Enough, I think it’s better for you to go back to your room. What’s the point of making trouble for nothing? Why do you have to tell me about Joanna and Ashton going public? Whether they choose to go public or not, it’s something the husband and wife should discuss. We as elders should live our lives well and stop meddling in the younger generation’s affairs, as long as they don’t do anything illegal or against regulation." 
"The more you worry, the faster you age, understand? Look, you’ve got fine lines around your eyes lately – it’s because you worry too much." 
Upon hearing this, Lady Octavia’s mouth twitched, and her face turned even paler. 
Her first reaction was to touch her eyes and even wanted to immediately grab a mirror to check 
Women are afraid of aging. 
All the more so for a great beauty like Lady Octavia. 
So, she always pays special attention to maintenance. 
Now hearing Madam Heath say that she had fine lines around her eyes, she looked devastated. 
After scolding Lady Octavia, Madam Heath didn’t bother with her any longer but turned her head to look at Joanna and Jeremy, her voice becoming gentle and warm: "Joanna, you and Ashton should go for a walk in the garden after a while to aid digestion. Jeremy can stay with me; we wouldn’t want him to be a third wheel for you and Ashton!" 
Ever since Madam Heath learned from Ashton Heath that Jeremy might be part of the Heath family, she couldn’t calm down. 
She was eager to confirm the truth. 
There were also some questions she wanted to ask Jeremy alone. 
Lady Octavia couldn’t understand why Madam Heath had this attitude towards Jeremy, but she only thought that Jeremy and Joanna were both cunning in winning Madam Heath’s favor. 
Because Madam Heath had just said she had fine lines, Lady Octavia lost interest in everything else; she just wanted to have a full beauty treatment as soon as possible. 
* 
After dinner. 
Lady Octavia arranged for a beautician and hurriedly left. 
Ashton Heath took Joanna for a walk in the garden.
###Chapter 1169: Chapter 1166: DNA Paternity Testing
The Heath family’s backyard was huge and beautiful, with a gentle evening breeze carrying the faint scent of flowers in the air. 
Ashton Heath held Joanna Lawrence’s hand as they strolled slowly. 
The two walked and chatted. 
"I think Grandma really likes Jeremy," Joanna recalled Madam Heath’s protective behavior towards him earlier and smiled. "She treats Jeremy very well. I didn’t expect Jeremy to be so likable to Grandma." 
Ashton Heath thought of the information he had gathered and gradually slowed down. 
"What’s wrong?" Joanna turned her head and met his contemplative eyes. 
Ashton Heath seemed deep in thought. After a while, he said, "There’s something I think I should tell you. Although it’s not confirmed yet, you have the right to know." 
"Hmm?" Using her womanly intuition, Joanna had sensed that something was bothering Ashton today, but she hadn’t asked, knowing that he would tell her in his own time. 
She had always believed that if he wanted to share something, he would do it voluntarily.
It was useless to ask if he didn’t want to talk about it. 
Now, was he finally going to tell her? 
"It’s about Jeremy. He doesn’t look like you, and you’ve told me he doesn’t resemble your parents either. Haven’t you ever been suspicious?" 
Joanna was stunned. 
A few seconds later, her eyes gradually widened. "What do you mean? Are you trying to tell me..." 
Ashton Heath looked at her and said, "Some people say Jeremy looks like me, but you haven’t seen my Uncle Damien. If you had, you would be very surprised. Jeremy looks almost identical to my uncle when he was young." 
"What does that have to do with your Uncle Damien? Ashton Heath, what are you trying to say?" 
"I’m saying that Jeremy might not belong to the Lawrence family, but to the Heath family." After saying this, Ashton saw the incredulous expression on Joanna’s face. 
Her shock was as if she’d just heard the world was ending. 
Ashton Heath understood her feelings. 
She had always thought Jeremy was her own brother. 
"It’s not completely certain yet, but based on the information I have, there’s a 70% chance that Jeremy is from the Heath family. Your parents brought him back from the orphanage. The reason you two don’t look alike is that you are not blood siblings." 
Joanna was utterly shocked and speechless for a long time. 
Eventually, she found her voice: "You investigated Jeremy? How did you suddenly... " 
"It wasn’t really sudden," Ashton explained. "When Grandma first met Jeremy, she thought he looked just like my Uncle Damien. Jeremy’s age and even his birth month match up with the child my uncle lost." 
"So, Grandma had her doubts and asked me to look into it." 
"And then you found out that Jeremy was adopted by my parents from the orphanage?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna still found it hard to believe: "But, even if Jeremy is an orphan, it doesn’t necessarily mean he’s your uncle’s child." 
"You’re right," Ashton nodded. "That’s why we brought Jeremy here this time, to verify it further." 
Joanna stared at him blankly: "How to verify?" 
"DNA Paternity Testing, the most accurate method to verify." 
Joanna still found the whole thing unbelievable. 
How did her dear brother suddenly become a child from an orphanage? 
And what’s more, possibly a child of the Heath family!
###Chapter 1170: Chapter 1167: Ashton Heath Can’t Possibly Deceive Her
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
No wonder he had suggested bringing Jeremy along. 
So, the last time she brought Jeremy over, the old lady was already suspicious about Jeremy’s identity. 
This time, they were going to do a DNA test for Jeremy directly. 
For Joanna, this event was totally unexpected and shocking. 
But she also knew that Ashton Heath couldn’t possibly lie to her. 
And even more so, he couldn’t make a joke out of such a matter. 
Since he had already discovered that Jeremy was a child from an orphanage, it meant that Jeremy and her couldn’t possibly be siblings. 
"Ashton Heath, if you want to do a DNA test for Jeremy, I have no ions. But before that, can you not tell him that he’s a child from the orphanage? He would definitely feel sad if he knew that." 
Ashton Heath nodded: "Don’t worry, I know that. Unless it is proven that he is a child of the Heath family, I won’t tell him about these things." 
* 
The two took a walk in the garden for more than half an hour before going back. 
They had just returned, seeing Jeremy helping Madam Heath slowly into the living room. 
Seeing Ashton Heath and Joanna, Jeremy obediently called out, "Joanna, Ashton." 
"You guys are back." 
Madam Heath gently patted Jeremy’s hand, her face filled with sympathy, "Joanna, just now I was talking with Jeremy about some things from your childhood. I learned that the two of you lost your mother at a young age." 
"Even your loving grandmother passed away early." 
"Over the years, the two of you must have suffered a lot. It’s really heartbreaking. Especially Joanna, Jeremy told me that you moved out of your home early, didn’t you? Later, when Jeremy got sick, you took on part-time jobs to earn money to help with his medical expenses, right?" 
Joanna was taken aback for a moment, then pretended to be angry and glared at Jeremy, "Jeremy, why did you tell Grandma all this?" 
Jeremy blinked innocently, "Grandma asked me, so I couldn’t avoid answering or lie to her. Besides, I didn’t say anything wrong. You suffered a lot, Joanna. You sacrificed so much for my illness. If not for you, I might have already..." 
"Don’t talk nonsense!" Before he could finish, Joanna frowned and interrupted him, "As your sister, it’s my duty to give my best to you. And Ashton told me a few days ago that your surgery will be possible soon. Once you have the surgery, you’ll be just like any normal person." 
"In the future, everything will get better, and we won’t mention any more of the unpleasant things from the past." 
"Yes," Madam Heath also patted Jeremy’s hand, looking at him with a caring gaze, "things will be better and better going forward. Your hard days with your sister are behind you. In the future, you, and your sister will have better lives with even more people to love and care for you." 
"Jeremy, you told me earlier that your dream is to become an e-sports professional player, right?" 
Joanna noticed that Madam Heath’s gaze at Jeremy was like she was looking at her own grandson. 
Although it was not yet confirmed whether Jeremy was a child of the Heath family, it was clear that Madam Heath had already treated him as her own grandson. 
The first time they met, the old lady was very kind to Jeremy too. 
But this time, she was even kinder. 
"Yes." Jeremy pursed his lips and smiled, his smile a little shy, "Grandma, would you think that this is a waste of time?"
###Chapter 1171: Chapter 1168: Madam Heath, Sir Damien has arrived.
"Of course not. Didn’t you just tell me that being an e-sports professional player is now a new profession and they can earn quite a lot of money? Even though this profession didn’t exist in our era, Grandma knows times are changing, and today is no longer like it used to be." 
"Back then, playing games all day might have been considered idling one’s life away, but now it can also become a lucrative job. Grandma may not fully understand this new field, but if Jeremy enjoys it, Grandma will support him." 
Jeremy Lawrence hasn’t started the DNA testing yet, so his relationship to the Heath family can’t officially be confirmed. 
But in Madam Heath’s heart, she had already accepted Jeremy as her grandson. 
Thinking of all the hardships Jeremy had spoken of, as well as his illness, Madam Heath felt a profound heartache. 
Regardless of whether Jeremy wants to be an e-sports player, Madam Heath would never oppose anything he wishes to do. 
In her view, her grandson had suffered so much since young. If he is indeed recognized as a Heath, they would certainly have to make it up to him. 
Moreover, Jeremy is sweet and gentle, qualities which Madam Heath really appreciates. 
Moved by Madam Heath’s words, Jeremy looked at her with gratitude and said, "Grandma, you are so kind." 
"You want to become an e-sports professional player?" Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows and grinned, "That’s simple. You told me before that you really like the N&G Team, didn’t you? If you want to be a professional player, you could join the e-sports team under the Heath Group’s subsidiary." 
The N&G Team is one of the best professional teams in the YX Alliance. 
Nearly all the best professional players are in this team.
The player that Jeremy admires is also in this team. 
"Ashton, can I, can I really do it?" Jeremy looked at Ashton ecstatically, his voice quivering with excitement, "Can I really join the N&G Team?" 
"Of course." Ashton answered, his lips curling into a smile, "I am the boss. What’s the problem with me pulling some strings for my brother-in-law? But your skills can’t be too weak. Otherwise, even if I pull strings for you, you still won’t gain others’ recognition." 
"I believe you want to be a professional player to earn the respect of gamers with your skill, right?" 
"Yes!" Jeremy nodded vigorously, "Ashton, actually, I don’t need you to put me directly into the N&G Team. It’s enough for me to be given a shot at the selection process. Everything will be fair, 
"If my skills are not up to par, I don’t want to be chosen out of pity because of our relationship. Ashton, I want to earn my place in the N&G Team with my own abilities, I believe I can do that!" 
When the youth shared his dreams, his eyes sparkled. His dark eyes twinkled like brilliant stars. 
Looking at his confident face, Ashton raised his eyebrows and smiled, "Good, Joanna once told me you are very talented, I look forward to witnessing your performance." 
"You can count on me, Ashton, I promise I will do my best and not let you down!" 
Just as they were happily chatting, a maid walked over and respectfully said to Madam Heath, "Madam Heath, Sir Damien has arrived." 
Sir Damien? 
Joanna Lawrence stared in surprise, looking up at the man behind the maid. 
Ashton had told her that the reason they brought Jeremy over today was to conduct a paternity test. 
Since it’s a paternity test, Sir Damien of the Heath family couldn’t be left out. 
Seeing Damien Heath, Joanna Lawrence finally understood why Madam Heath, after meeting Jeremy once, had asked Ashton to investigate Jeremy’s background.
###Chapter 1172: Chapter 1169: It’s like seeing him when he was young
It’s because Jeremy Lawrence and Damien Heath looked too alike. 
Ashton Heath said that Jeremy Lawrence looked exactly like Uncle Damien when he was young. 
Even though they don’t look exactly the same now, their facial features seem to have come from the same mold. 
It’s just that Damien Heath has aged while Jeremy Lawrence is still young. 
But anyone who saw them would immediately wonder if they were father and son. 
Because the two of them really looked so much alike. 
When Damien Heath, who had been called over by Madam Heath, saw the young man next to her, his eyes filled with shock. 
He looked at Jeremy Lawrence in shock, and without anyone introducing him, he knew who Madam Heath wanted him to take a paternity test with. 
Before he came, Damien Heath didn’t take the paternity test too seriously. 
He didn’t have much hope of acknowledging his son either. 
He had people searching for so many years and found no clues. 
In his heart, he thought that his son, whom he had never met, had long ceased to exist in this world. 
Madam Heath just saw a child who looked a bit like him and held some hope, so she asked him to come for a paternity test. 
But when he saw Jeremy Lawrence, Damien Heath finally understood why Madam Heath insisted that he come this time. 
As he looked at Jeremy Lawrence, he felt like he was looking at himself when he was young. 
If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t believe that there was someone in this world who looked so much like him. 
So, Damien Heath just stared blankly at Jeremy Lawrence, his lack of hope at first changed to feeling that Jeremy Lawrence might indeed be his son. 
His calm emotions became excited. 
As he looked at Jeremy Lawrence, his eyes were filled with excitement too. 
Similarly, Jeremy Lawrence also showed an undisguised look of surprise upon seeing Damien Heath. 
"Damien, you’re here." Madam Heath saw Damien Heath’s shocked face as he stared at Jeremy Lawrence without blinking, and she couldn’t help but speak up, "You haven’t met Joanna and Jeremy yet, have you? Let me introduce you. This is your second niece-in-law, Joanna, and this is her younger brother, Jeremy." 
"Jeremy?" 
As Damien Heath quickly glanced at Joanna and then refocused on Jeremy, he softened his voice and asked, "Your name is Jeremy Lawrence?" 
Jeremy nodded, still stunned. 
"Jeremy, why do you have white hair so young?" Ashton Heath approached and plucked two strands of hair from Jeremy’s head, "I’ll help you extract it." 
Jeremy was stunned again, unaware of anything unusual, and turned to Ashton Heath to say, "Thank you, Ashton." 
After plucking his hair, Ashton Heath secretly kept it in his palm. 
Seeing this, Madam Heath smiled and patted Jeremy on the shoulder, "Jeremy, this is my second son; you can call him Uncle Damien. Your uncle and I have something to discuss privately. You have to go back to school tomorrow, don’t you? Shouldn’t you head back early?" 
With that, Madam Heath gave Ashton Heath a meaningful look, "Ashton, you guys will send Jeremy back to school later." 
Seeing that it was getting late and that Madam Heath had something to do, Jeremy nodded and said, "Alright, I’ll visit Grandma again next time." 
"Good, my good child, I’ll have your favorite dishes prepared for you when you come over next time. Look how skinny you are; you need to recover properly. If you weren’t at school now, Grandma would want you to move in with me so I can nurse you back to health."
###Chapter 1173: Chapter 1170: The DNA Paternity Test Results Are Out
* 
After sending Jeremy back to school, Joanna and Ashton Heath also went home. 
As soon as they arrived home, Ashton received a call from Heath Villa. 
Madam Heath’s excited voice trembled with happiness, even with a hint of tears: "Ashton, I knew I hadn’t guessed wrong, Jeremy is indeed a child of the Heath family. The paternity test results are out, and there’s a ninety-nine percent chance that he’s your Uncle Damien’s son." 
The DNA Identification Expert had been waiting at Heath Villa. 
Those few strands of hair that Ashton had taken from Jeremy’s head were enough to determine whether he and Damien Heath were father and son. 
DNA paternity tests are the most authoritative, with an accuracy rate of 99.9 percent. 
So, Jeremy was truly part of the Heath family. 
Ashton didn’t seem too surprised by the results, but when Jeremy’s identity was confirmed, he was still somewhat astonished. 
Madam Heath’s excited voice came through again: "I knew it, Jeremy must be my grandson. He’s so well-behaved and sensible, I’ve always hoped he would be my grandson. Ashton, what should we do? Jeremy has suffered so much in the past. He was born into our Heath family and should’ve enjoyed a luxurious life from a young age. But instead, he was sent to an orphanage and became an orphan. Not long after he went to the Lawrence family, his Dad married a stepmother. That stepmother wasn’t very kind to him or Joanna, he didn’t experience much motherly love growing up, and then he got so sick that it ruined his health." 
"Every time I think about how much this child has suffered growing up, I feel heartbroken. I want to make it up to him now, but I don’t know how." 
"Grandma, calm down," Ashton understood Madam Heath’s emotions but worried about her health due to her emotional fluctuations. "Don’t worry about making amends for now. The most important thing is figuring out how to tell Jeremy about this matter and getting him to accept it." 
Joanna, who was beside him, had already guessed what was going on from Ashton’s conversation with Madam Heath. 
Even though Ashton had given her a heads-up, she still found it surprising and astonishing. 
Was Jeremy really a child of the Heath family? 
Now that the Heath family had confirmed his identity, would the next step be for him to acknowledge his ancestry? 
On the other side, Madam Heath fell silent after hearing Ashton’s words and then said: "You’re right, the most important thing now is for Jeremy to accept this matter. I just talked to Damien, and he wants Jeremy to acknowledge his ancestry as soon as possible." 
"You don’t know how excited Damien is. I tried to get him to adopt a child before, but he didn’t agree. He didn’t show any interest in having children all these years. I thought he didn’t like children, but when the test results came out, he was so happy he nearly cried." 
"It’s true, it’s different when it’s your own flesh and blood." 
Thinking of Lady Delilah, his nagging and jealous aunt, Ashton’s eyebrows slightly furrowed. 
He believed that if Jeremy acknowledged his ancestry and returned to the Heath family, Damien would treat him well. 
After all, a nearly fifty-year-old man finally having a son was, needless to say, cause for great joy. 
However, this was not only a great surprise and a gift from God for Damien. 
But for his wife, it was terrible news.
###Chapter 1174: Chapter 1171: Are You Not Happy?
After all, Lady Delilah has always wanted Damien Heath to adopt her nephew and has even placed this nephew in a key position in Damien’s company. 
These were not things that could be said in front of Joanna Lawrence. 
If Joanna knew about Lady Delilah’s character, she would definitely worry about Jeremy Lawrence. 
So Ashton Heath didn’t raise this issue. 
Madam Heath was still emotional, not able to calm down for a while: "We should not delay this matter. Since the results of the paternity test are out and Jeremy is part of the Heath family, he should know this sooner rather than later. However, who should tell Jeremy about this?" 
After thinking, Ashton Heath said: "Grandma, Joanna and I will tell him. Now that Jeremy will acknowledge his lineage, your side can start preparations. We will call you after we meet him tomorrow." 
"Good. But Ashton, do you think Jeremy will accept his true identity?" After being excited for a while, Madam Heath began to worry again, "Will he blame us for making him an orphan at such a young age?" 
"What if he doesn’t want to return to the Heath family and refuse to accept his identity as a Heath family member? What should we do then?" 
"Your uncle, Damien, finally has a son, and I really like Jeremy..." 
"Grandma, don’t worry about these first. Jeremy is a very sensible child. As long as we convey the truth about the past, I believe he won’t blame others." 
"Ah, I hope so. However, if he bears a grudge, it would also be understandable." 
Ashton Heath spoke a few more words with the Madam Heath, then hung up the phone. 
He turned his head to Joanna, "The paternity test results are out, Jeremy is indeed my Uncle Damien’s son." 
By this time, Joanna had already accepted this reality. 
Her feelings were complicated now. 
Although whether Jeremy was her real brother or not would not affect their relationship, she still felt a little downhearted. 
After all, for so many years, she had always felt that Jeremy was her own brother. 
Such a sudden change... 
It was impossible for her not to feel anything or to be unaffected. 
She was happy for Jeremy because once he acknowledges his lineage, he will have a very respectable identity. 
No matter how you look at it, it’s hundreds or thousands of times better than being a son of the Lawrence family. 
The Heath family can give him the best of everything. 
His future life can only get smoother and better. 
She looked at Ashton Heath in a daze, not saying anything. 
"Aren’t you happy?" Ashton saw her look a little low, he reached out and rubbed her head gently, "Are you worried that once Jeremy returns to the Heath family, he will drift apart from you?" 
Joanna pursed her lips and did not speak. 
She did... have such worries. 
She is very clear that whether Jeremy is a child of the Heath family or the Lawrence family, in her eyes, he is her own brother. 
Her feelings for him would be as always. 
However, this is just her thought.
She does not know what Jeremy thinks. 
If he knows that they are not real siblings, will he not be as close with her as before? 
Even though she knows what kind of person Jeremy is. 
She would still worry.
###Chapter 1175: Chapter 1172
It was because she cared so much that she couldn’t help but worry. 
"You know how Jeremy feels about you, don’t you?" Ashton Heath held her close as they walked upstairs while softly comforting her, "Actually, no matter whether Jeremy is your real brother or not, you are all family." 
"Now that you have married into our Heath family, if he had grown up here, he would have to call you sister-in-law. Moreover, I believe that although blood relationship is important, the feelings that grow from long-term companionship, mutual support, and growing up together are even more important. Although Jeremy is my Uncle Damien’s son, isn’t my uncle a stranger to him now? How could he suddenly become less affectionate to you as his sister just because he is not from the Lawrence family?" 
"I can see that Jeremy has deep feelings for you. All the concerns you have are unnecessary and will never happen." 
If Jeremy was a heartless boy, such a brother-in-law was better off not having. 
Anyway, for Ashton, no one was more important than his wife. 
Everything revolved around his wife. 
Joanna stopped briefly, her dark, soft eyes gazing at him, "Ashton, what kind of person is your uncle? If Jeremy recognizes his ancestry and returns to your family, will he be good to him? Will Jeremy be happy being his son in the future?" 
Although she knew that the Heath family’s status was so prominent that it was difficult for others to even have a slight connection with them, and that Jeremy being the young master of the Heath family would definitely be better off than he is now, Joanna still couldn’t help but worry. 
She furrowed her brows and expressed her concerns, "If he is accepted back, will the others in your uncle’s family accept him? I mean... your uncle probably has other children, right? Are they willing to accept Jeremy as well?" 
Annie Lawrence had arrived at the Lawrence family later on, and for several years, the two of them had a difficult time adjusting. 
With Jeremy being a late arrival, Joanna couldn’t help but worry.
"My uncle has no children. After Jeremy returns, he will be his only son." Ashton tried to ease her heart, and continued to explain, "Grandma told me just now that when the paternity test results came out, my uncle was overjoyed with tears. If Jeremy returns, he will definitely treat him like a treasure." 
"My uncle is gentle and kind in life. In fact, I think Jeremy’s character is a lot like him. They will get along well in the future." 
Joanna felt slightly reassured. 
If Damien Heath had no other children, she wouldn’t have to worry about Jeremy being treated unfairly because of other children. 
"What about Lady Delilah? Is she willing to accept Jeremy?" 
Ashton fell silent for a moment. 
He didn’t want to lie to Joanna, so after thinking for a moment, he still told her tactfully, "My uncle will talk to Lady Delilah about it, and in any case, when everything is ready, Jeremy will then recognize his ancestry." 
"You don’t have to worry about Jeremy being treated unfairly. Although my uncle has a gentle demeanor, when it comes to some principled issues, he too has a strong voice. Besides, there’s me and Grandma. We won’t let Jeremy be mistreated." 
"Of course, the main thing is to see if Jeremy is willing to return to the Heath family." 
Joanna understood Ashton’s meaning. 
It seemed that Lady Delilah might not be very willing to recognize Jeremy as this unexpectedly appearing son. 
Joanna stayed silent for a while, then sighed gently, "Well, no matter what, Jeremy has the right to know about this. As for his final decision, it’s up to him." 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna received a call from Linda, who informed her that she was to attend a public welfare activity in the morning.
###Chapter 1176: Chapter 1173: Trying to Lower One’s Presence
Linda said on the phone: "It’s a blood donation public welfare activity, and many artists have participated. I thought since your reputation isn’t great right now, you could take advantage of such an event to gain some favor from the public. Anyway, it’s just donating blood, and it’s not a troublesome task." 
Joanna also felt that she didn’t have much to do right now, and participating in public welfare activities would indeed be beneficial for her. 
She had volunteered to donate blood before, and she planned to do it once every year. 
After confirming the location and time with Linda, she went there after having breakfast. 
* 
At the event venue. 
Her assistant Nina was waiting for her at the entrance. Seeing Joanna, she stepped forward and said, "Joanna, there are still ten minutes left before the event starts. Let’s go in." 
Joanna nodded. 
Nina took another look at her and couldn’t help but exclaim, "Joanna, you look so beautiful today. This white dress suits you perfectly, making you look so ethereal." 
Since it’s a public welfare activity, Joanna didn’t dress up too elaborately. 
She chose a simple and elegant white chiffon dress before leaving the house, and her makeup was also minimal. With her refreshing and elegant attire and her naturally ethereal looks, she gave off the impression of a fairy untouched by the mundane world. 
Nina had always known that Joanna was very beautiful. 
But every time seeing her, she’d still feel amazed. 
She felt that God was indeed unfair in some aspects. 
With Joanna’s looks, she seemed born for the entertainment industry. Being a vase based solely on appearance could make her famous, but she’s also talented. 
During the time on the film crew, Nina witnessed her acting skills firsthand. 
She was sure that Joanna would eventually become a sensation. 
It was just a matter of time. 
Her boyfriend was so impressive that getting good resources was not an issue. 
Now she already had the talent and appearance, and all she lacked was some good resources. 
Not to mention, Gary White’s TV series alone might make her a star. 
But the only issue right now was her not-so-good reputation. 
Ever since she took on Gary White’s TV series, various scandals and rumors continued to surface. 
Although they’ve been clarified by now, many people still think she’s of poor character, and believe those scandals are true. 
Her refuting rumors and denials, including her public relationship, are seen as nothing more than a means of whitewashing herself. 
After all, rumors are always easily believed, but few people are willing to believe the truth. 
And until today, Sophie’s fans have not stopped attacking her online. Nina felt that Joanna was quite unlucky. Both Maddox and Sophie were A-List Celebrities in the entertainment industry. 
Provoking them meant facing their fans, who could drown someone with just their saliva. 
* 
The public welfare activity was broadcasted live from start to finish. 
When Joanna entered, she found that many artists indeed attended this public welfare event. 
There were first-line stars, mid-level ones, and even a few D-list celebrities. 
For example, herself... 
She was not familiar with any of the artists present. Watching the other artists who knew each other gathered in groups of three or two, chatting, she quietly retreated to a corner, trying to reduce her presence. 
Although her presence was quite weak already. 
None of the other artists greeted her either. They just gave her a glance and turned away to talk to someone else.
###Chapter 1177: Chapter 1174: It Seems Like She’s Been Isolated
She wasn’t sure if it was just her imagination. 
She always felt... as if she was being isolated. 
Fortunately, Nina was with her; otherwise, it could have been even more embarrassing. 
"Joanna, don’t take it to heart," Nina comforted her, "They’re not familiar with you, so they don’t know what kind of person you are. Maybe because of Lisha and Sophie’s incidents, they might be wary of you, that’s why..." 
"Yeah, I understand." Joanna herself didn’t take it too seriously. She didn’t even have a nodding acquaintance with these people, so it was normal for them not to interact with her. 
Besides, their circles were separated by status – first-line celebrities with first-line celebrities, mid-level ones with mid-level ones. She had never seen a first or second-tier celebrity hanging out with a D-list one like her. 
In fact, calling her D-list was probably an overstatement. 
Joanna didn’t like dealing with these meaningless social interactions anyway. No one bothering her allowed her to be relaxed and at ease.
So, she didn’t mind being ignored. 
Nina saw that Joanna genuinely didn’t seem to care much, so she felt relieved. 
Because she could feel it too – these people seemed to be isolating Joanna. 
On the surface, it appeared as if it was just unfamiliarity that kept people from engaging her. 
But that wasn’t the case in reality. 
Not all the artists present knew one another. 
But those who didn’t seemed to be laughing and chatting, except for Joanna—they showed no intention of getting to know her. 
This scene was captured by the photographer and was seen by the netizens watching the live stream. 
LittleLittleLittleLei: It seems no one is interacting with Joanna. She’s with her assistant the whole time. It looks like others don’t want to deal with her. It just shows that her character isn’t great and her popularity is terrible. 
): I always read online about Joanna having bad character, and now it seems true. What’s the point of having a badass boyfriend if no one wants to talk to her in real life? Yesterday, she was in the spotlight, but today... 
Beat_you_up: Isn’t it easy to guess why no one is dealing with her? Although Sophie issued a statement saying that the endorsement had nothing to do with Joanna, and she didn’t steal it, we’re not fools to believe everything she says. It’s obvious that the statement was forced out of Sophie by Joanna using her boyfriend’s influence. Relying on her boyfriend’s powerful background, she bullies other artists. Technically, Sophie is her senior. With this kind of behavior, who would dare to befriend her? If you accidentally offend her, you might be the next one in trouble. 
Is Joanna’s Matcha Coffee exploded today?: In my opinion, it served Joanna right when Lisha threatened her with sulfuric acid. Those scandals of Lisha must have been dug up by her. Even if the scandals were true, did she have to ruin Lisha like that? A talented artist with a promising future was now in prison because of her, ruining all her chances. Joanna not only caused Lisha to go to jail but also forced Maddox to leave the industry for a year. She is a truly harmful person. Anyone who gets involved with her ends up in trouble. If it were me, I wouldn’t have anything to do with her either. 
Many fans of Maddox, Sophie, and Lisha were watching the live stream. 
Regardless of their own idols, they would naturally take their side. 
Thus, the live stream’s comment section was flooded with criticisms of Joanna.
###Chapter 1178: Chapter 1175: Bowing and Apologizing
Most of them were Sophie’s fans. 
There were also some neutral passersby who spoke up for Joanna Lawrence. 
Bubble Milk is really delicious: Not to mention others, but can Lisha also blame Joanna? Lisha committed a crime, and there’s no way to justify that. And throwing sulfuric acid on a girl is too vicious. Fortunately, it wasn’t successful, or it would have ruined her life. Besides, the scandals about Lisha are all true; she colluded with a married woman to ruin their family and caused great harm to the original wife. As fans, at least be ive when defending your idol. 
Little Fox: As a passerby, I think you guys have a deep prejudice against Joanna. She’s always the one being attacked, and she’s not the one who asked for those scandals to be hyped, right? To put it bluntly, she’s also a victim. Even if she strikes back, it’s normal. Do you just silently accept it when you’re bullied? And what about her boyfriend? If your boyfriend sees you being bullied and doesn’t say anything, would you still want him? Besides, Maddox Allenson has already said that everything was voluntary. How can you blame Joanna for it? It’s not like she pushed Maddox to help her. 
Soon after Little Fox posted her comment, someone replied: Maybe it was that wicked woman who pushed our lovely Maddox to shield her from the sulfuric acid. And then threatened Maddox to say it was voluntary. After all, our naive Maddox is no match for her Big Shot boyfriend. 
Soon, other fans of Maddox Allenson left comments under that reply. 
Seeing more and more people replying to her, the netizen nicknamed "Little Fox" quickly deleted her comment to avoid trouble. 
Some passersby who spoke up for Joanna Lawrence in the comment section were also attacked by some fans. 
Having the mindset of avoiding extra trouble, and indeed unable to tolerate these crazy fans, passersby chose to delete their comments one after another. 
As a result, anyone who clicked on the comments section of the live broadcast room would see only comments scolding Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna, who was engaged in the public welfare activity, didn’t know anything about these things. 
A few minutes before the countdown to the start of the public welfare activity. 
Joanna Lawrence saw a person she didn’t expect. 
When everyone else saw Sophie appearing, their first reaction was to look at Joanna Lawrence. 
Seeing that the event was about to start, Sophie suddenly appeared and walked straight towards Joanna, who was hiding in a corner. 
She didn’t greet anyone else. 
She walked up to Joanna Lawrence and, in front of everyone’s surprised gazes, bowed deeply to her at a ninety-degree angle. 
This action was incredibly surprising to everyone, not just Joanna. 
Nina and Joanna were also startled; both of them took a step back with shocked expressions on their faces.
"Joanna, I’m sorry." Sophie straightened up from her bow, her face full of apology and pleading, looking pitiful. "My previous statement on the Internet doesn’t express enough of my apologies. I’ve always wanted to apologize to you in person." 
"Because of me, you’ve suffered so many unwarranted insults. I’m really, really sorry. I’ve already explained to my fans and asked them not to cause trouble anymore, but they won’t listen to me." 
As she spoke, a look of fear appeared on her face: "Although they are my fans, I really can’t control their actions. Joanna, you...you won’t blame me for this, will you?"
###Chapter 1179: Chapter 1176: Never Seen Such an Arrogant Newcomer
Sophie is an A-List Celebrity. 
In the entertainment industry, among the younger generations of artists, she holds the position of the top sister. 
Others who entered the industry later would respectfully call her "elder" when they meet her. 
Normally, people bow and bend their knees in front of her, not the other way around. 
So everyone present was shocked to see Sophie unexpectedly bowing and apologizing to a newcomer. 
Looking at Joanna Lawrence, their eyes held even more wariness. 
Originally, Sophie had already publicly apologized on her blog, and her sincerity was enough. 
But now, a public apology wasn’t enough; she still had to bow and apologize in person? 
This newcomer was really taking advantage of her power. 
No matter what, Sophie was her elder, after all. 
This was simply an outrageous display of arrogance. 
Seeing Sophie looking so meek in front of her, someone couldn’t help but interrupted Joanna before she even spoke: "Joanna Lawrence, aren’t you going too far? Sophie has already apologized to you, and now you are making her, an elder, bow and apologize to you, a junior? Don’t think just because you have a powerful boyfriend that you can act so arrogantly." 
Seeing someone take the lead, others also began to accuse Joanna: "Yeah, Sophie has already apologized, so let it go. It’s way too much to make her bow and apologize in person." 
"This is too much bullying." 
"I’ve never seen such an arrogant newcomer. If one day she loses her boyfriend’s support, how can she continue to stay in the entertainment industry with such behavior? The wheel of fortune turns; don’t be too smug too soon." 
"If I were Sophie, I wouldn’t bow and apologize to her. What’s the point? This endorsement was originally snatched away by her connections. In the end, Sophie, the real victim, has to apologize to her. This is really too much." 
"Don’t blame Joanna," Sophie hurriedly explained to the crowd, as they all spoke up for her. "This has nothing to do with Joanna. It’s not her fault. I wanted to apologize to her myself." 
As Sophie said this, her eyes welled up, revealing the injustice she felt. 
"It really has nothing to do with Joanna, don’t blame her. It’s my fault. Because of me, Joanna got so many people scolding her, so I should apologize to her." 
Nina looked at Sophie’s series of performances and couldn’t help but curse silently in her heart. 
This is too damn scheming. 
She appeared to apologize on the surface, defending Joanna, but was actually stirring up hatred against her. 
A sincere apology wouldn’t look so pitiful, immediately giving off the impression of wanting to cry, would it? 
Who wouldn’t see that it seemed like Joanna was forcing Sophie to do this? 
From the fact that so many artists were accusing Joanna, it’s clear it was Sophie’s intention! 
Sophie did it on purpose! 
She purposely stirred up animosity towards Joanna! 
Was it because she was upset that the endorsement went to Joanna? And was even more upset about being forced to post a clarification on her blog yesterday? So she’s retaliating? 
Nina could see that Sophie was doing this on purpose, and Joanna, as the person involved, could feel it even more deeply. 
From the moment Sophie bowed to her in public, she felt something was off. 
What happened next... 
Turned out to be just as she had expected. 
In fact, when she saw the clarification statement Sophie posted yesterday, Joanna could already sense Sophie’s discontent. 
She didn’t expect that today Sophie would actually bow and apologize to her in public like this.
###Chapter 1180: Chapter 1177: You thought she wouldn’t know this move?
Moreover, this public welfare activity was in the form of a livestream. 
That is to say, not only did everyone at the scene see Sophie bowing and apologizing to her, but also all the netizens in the live broadcast room saw it. 
Joanna could imagine what the live broadcast room looked like at this moment. 
Everyone must think that she was bullying Sophie. 
They must think that it was her who forced Sophie to apologize like this. 
By now, she must have been cursed and abused like hell. 
Joanna looked at Sophie’s aggrieved and pitiful face, and her tearful eyes that were on the verge of bursting into tears. She couldn’t help but sneer in her heart. 
Yesterday, she had thought that she might have misunderstood Sophie. 
Now it seems that her intuition as a woman is indeed spot on. 
Sophie didn’t apologize earlier nor later, but came just after the livestream had started for a short while. 
She nailed the timing! 
When Joanna first found out that Sophie had discussed a contract renewal with Color Vista, she felt a little guilty. 
She even thought about returning the endorsement to Sophie if she truly lost it because of her. 
However, at this moment, Sophie’s actions dispelled all her intentions, as well as her guilt. 
After all, even if she did get the endorsement at Sophie’s expense, what was she at fault for? 
It was Color Vista who came to her. 
She didn’t force it away from Sophie. 
Moreover, she had been clueless about this matter previously. 
Playing pitiful and innocent, huh? 
Did she think that Joanna couldn’t do the same? 
Joanna’s lips curled up. Under Sophie’s somewhat surprised gaze, she blinked, and her eyes reddened the next second. 
She looked at Sophie with astonishment, then blinked again, and tears streamed down her face. 
The speed at which she started crying caught Sophie off guard. 
"Senior." Her mouth pursed, her voice choked, and her tears silently slid down her cheeks onto her delicate and fair face. She looked at Sophie with tearful eyes, "I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that such a small misunderstanding would affect you so much. I’ve long forgotten about it." 
"You’re a senior, how could you be like this to me..." 
"When I first accepted the MC endorsement, I never thought about you talking about renewal. I really knew nothing. But no matter what, it was because of me that this misunderstanding between you and me happened. Anyway, the one who was wrong is me, not you, senior." 
"If anyone should bow and apologize, it should be me to you, senior. How can a senior apologize like this to a junior like me?" 
As Joanna cried, she took a step back, and then under everyone’s astonished gaze, she bowed deeply to Sophie. 
"Senior, I’m sorry, I’m really sorry." 
As she bowed and apologized, she bowed three times in a row. 
After bowing, she raised her tearful little face, looked at Sophie with apologetic eyes, and said word by word, firmly, "In order to eliminate the misunderstanding between senior and me, I decide to give up the MC endorsement. It’s because of this endorsement that the misunderstanding between senior and me has occurred. I don’t want this misunderstanding to continue." 
When Joanna said this, all the artists present were extremely surprised. 
Give up the MC endorsement? 
Even if her boyfriend is powerful and can provide her with plenty of excellent resources, giving up a first-line endorsement like Color Vista’s would still be a pity. 
And the reason she did this was just because she didn’t want Sophie to misunderstand her?
###Chapter 1181: Chapter 1178: Senior, can we shake hands and make peace?
Those three bows she just made... 
At first, everyone kept a distance from Joanna because they assumed she was difficult to get along with, fearing any potential trouble. 
Furthermore, she had Big Shot, someone many female celebrities could only dream about getting close to, stand up for her. This stoked the jealousy and dissatisfaction in their hearts. 
Yet, Joanna’s actions just now, including her intention to surrender the Color Vista endorsement, didn’t seem like something someone who’d bully others or disrespect her seniors would do. 
And she definitely didn’t seem like someone with a bad temper. 
How could a brash newcomer possibly bow three times to Sophie? 
Because she feared Sophie would misunderstand her, she even voluntarily proposed giving up the endorsement of Color Vista. 
In an instant, the aptitude of the celebrities present towards Joanna changed. Deep down, they weren’t rejecting her so vehemently anymore. 
Sophie was caught off guard by Joanna’s sudden twist. 
She looked at Joanna with astonishment and surprise. Because it was so unexpected, she was rendered speechless. 
Not to mention Sophie, even Nina was taken aback when Joanna proposed giving up the endorsement. 
But it didn’t take long for Nina to grasp Joanna’s plan. 
Everything was triggered by the Color Vista endorsement. 
Sophie’s fans were dissatisfied with Joanna, attacking her from all sides, because they believed that Joanna had stolen Sophie’s endorsement. 
If she voluntarily gave up the endorsement... 
Others wouldn’t be able to say anything against it. 
Although she’d suffer a significant loss by doing this, and it’d be quite a pity, she’d recover her reputation which wouldn’t be a bad deal. 
After all, she was still young and didn’t have to worry about lacking good resources in the future. 
Conceding now was simply for a better future. 
"Senior, may we make peace now?" Joanna warily held her hand out to Sophie. Her tear-streaked, reddened eyes were filled with fear and anxiety of being rejected, perfectly embodying her persona of a novice in the industry. 
At this very moment. 
The streaming room, thanks to her earlier actions, was bustling. 
When Joanna bowed in apology, the streaming camera was focused on her. 
And it’s unknown whether the photographer had done it intentionally, but the camera was drawn so close to her that viewers could see the tear drops trembling on her eyelashes. 
Female celebrities in the entertainment industry would spend a lot to maintain their appearances, as their careers depended on their looks. 
Thus, whenever in public view, they all have flawless skin. 
But regardless of how flawless their skin was, there weren’t many female celebrities that dared to have the camera this close. 
Because it would magnify the imperfections on their face. 
Any flaws that were hidden by makeup would be fully exposed under the close-up filming of an HD lens. 
But such concerns didn’t exist for Joanna. 
Even under close-up HD lens filming, her skin still looked fantastic. 
There were no visible blemishes on her face, her skin looked smooth as if it had a natural whitening effect. 
Since the camera was so close, some viewers noticed that Joanna didn’t seem to have applied any foundation, nor mascara but only lipstick, blush, and had her eyebrows filled. 
But when observed from a distance earlier, it seemed she had her eyeliner applied, mascara on, and was wearing colored contact lenses. 
"Damn, Joanna’s skin is too good, even though the camera is so close, there isn’t a single pore on her face that’s visible. Also, I thought she was wearing mascara. It turns out her eyelashes are naturally long and dense."
###Chapter 1182: Chapter 1179: Just Like Bullying a Child
"I won’t say anything else, but Joanna Lawrence’s skin is truly good, and her appearance is really striking too." 
"Honestly speaking, at first I thought she was too much, thinking she forced Sophie to bow and apologize to her, but it doesn’t seem to be the case now. It might be that Sophie herself felt too guilty and insisted on facing Joanna to apologize." 
"The endorsement probably wasn’t snatched from Sophie. Isn’t Joanna’s boyfriend good friends with Mr. Parker? Perhaps it was her boyfriend who found her the endorsement, and she didn’t even know that Sophie was in talks with Color Vista for a contract renewal. In my opinion, if getting an endorsement like Color Vista was easy for Joanna, she wouldn’t bother trying to snatch it from someone else." 
"Yeah, I think she probably didn’t know what was going on. Seeing her cry makes her quite pitiful, and as a woman, I even feel protective of her. The fans have been making a fuss for days, and she also declared that she’s giving up the endorsement. It’s time to let things settle peacefully." 
Cry scenes were Joanna’s expertise in her acting skills. 
She could cry on command, with tears flowing instantly. 
Her innate appearance was delicate and vulnerable, which easily stirred people’s protective instincts. Once she cried, her pitiful and aggrieved little expression was unbearable for anyone to watch. 
Everyone would feel that bullying her any further or not forgiving her would be just too much. 
Just like bullying a child. 
As she apologized to Sophie again and again with tears, trying nervously and uneasily to shake hands and make peace, someone finally couldn’t take it anymore. 
"I think this new actress has shown enough sincerity. It wasn’t her fault to begin with, and she’s even giving up the endorsement she’s secured. Sophie, as her senior, should show some magnanimity." 
"Whispering, don’t you think that Sophie’s move today seems a bit... you know, excessive? If she wanted to apologize face-to-face, why couldn’t she do it privately? She had to make a bowing apology during a live broadcast. Do you not notice that, after her move, all the artists at the scene are accusing Joanna Lawrence?" 
"As women, we understand each other. I think Sophie did this intentionally. Maybe she really lost the Color Vista endorsement because of Joanna, so she’s upset. On the surface, she made a clarification, but in reality, she doesn’t want Joanna to have an easy time." 
"This will make people think Joanna forced her to do this. It’s called an apology, but in reality, it only attracts hate for the other party."
Upon seeing these comments from the passers-by, Sophie’s fans were instantly infuriated and rebutted: What good skin and striking appearance? Good skin is achieved through makeup – which female artist at the scene doesn’t have good skin? You can tell at a glance that her face is a result of plastic surgery, with such heavy artificial traces, yet there are still people shamelessly licking her boots. 
"Hahaha, I knew Bitch Joanna wouldn’t sit still and has paid for online trolls to whitewash herself. Giving up the endorsement proves her innocence? Isn’t it just because public opinion is against her that she’s doing this, yet she claims she’s giving it to Sophie! What a scheming bitch!" 
"Attention Sophie’s Fans, Bitch Joanna has hired online trolls to attack our Sophie. Now’s the time for us, Sophie’s fans, to protect her. Let’s unite and fight against Bitch Joanna, make those trolls scram!" 
"All online trolls helping Bitch Joanna should just die with their Household Registration Document!" 
The passers-by had initially made comments from an ive standpoint.
###Chapter 1183: Chapter 1180: It Seems, She Has Underestimated The Enemy This Time
Now, just out of the blue, Sophie’s fans are cursing me to death. Who wouldn’t get mad, right? 
The bystander was just trying to avoid trouble, but they were not someone you’d want to mess with. 
What Sophie’s fans didn’t know was that the bystander they cursed at was a famous social media icon. Although they had fewer followers than Sophie, their influence was very strong. They have an excellent reputation on their blog; as long as they aren’t provoked, there won’t be any issues. But provoke them, and whether you’re a star or whatever, they will fight back. 
Very soon, this influential figure collected all the malicious curses Sophie’s fans had hurled at them in the live stream. 
They also provided an in-depth analysis of Sophie apologizing publicly to Joanna Lawrence. 
The fans of this influential figure are not like Sophie’s fans, who are mostly teenagers. 
Their fans are mostly in their twenties and thirties, mature individuals who are already working and have decent jobs. 
They are also spread out across various work fields. 
Once these fans start fighting, a bunch of kids won’t be a match for them. 
This influential figure also has a lot of influential friends. When they posted their criticism of Sophie, many of these influencers who were on good terms with them re-shared the post. 
Every influencer has ten million fans. Ten influencers have nearly a hundred million fans. 
No matter how many fans Sophie has, she can’t compete with a group of influencers. 
The power of these influencers is quite terrifying. 
Less than ten minutes after the influential bystander made their post, Sophie and her fans were trending on the hot search. 
Unlike in the past, Sophie now hit the hot search with negative news. 
All of this was unknown to Sophie, who was still at the event. 
"Sophie, I really think Joanna was clueless about all this. Let’s just let this pass." 
"Yeah, Joanna’s actually been very sincere." 
"We’re all part of the same circle, peace should be prioritized." 
Discarding their prejudices against Joanna, some female artists who wanted to befriend her began to speak up for her. 
Seeing this, others also chimed in. 
In a short while, the situation went from everyone siding with Sophie, to everyone siding with Joanna. 
Sophie, who initially wanted to use this live stream to vent her frustration and make Joanna the target of public criticism, never expected such a change in circumstances. 
The tables have turned, and she’s now seen as the one clinging to the issue, not being generous enough to the younger generations. 
Sophie was furious but knowing that they were still live streaming, she had to suppress her anger, forcing a dry smile as she said: "If you say it’s a misunderstanding, then naturally, there’s nothing to reconcile." 
"There was never a conflict between us." 
Joanna bit her lip uncertainly and her hand was still in mid-air: "If you don’t mind, can we shake hands?" 
Sophie: "..." 
She cursed inwardly, calling Joanna a little bitch. 
She had underestimated Joanna. That girl was not as easy to manipulate as she appeared. She was cunning. 
All the gestures she just made were clearly for show. 
Yet these foolish people not only believed her but also defended her. 
With a forced smile, Sophie stretched out her hand, seething with anger but maintaining a facade of graciousness: "Of course we can." 
"That’s great." Joanna immediately grabbed Sophie’s hand, holding it with both hands, her face beaming with joy: "Then, can we be friends? I really admire you."
###Chapter 1184: Chapter 1181: But She Turned the Tables
"Before I entered this circle, you were my role model. Back then, I kept thinking that I must learn from Senior Sophie. If I could be friends with you, I would be so happy." 
Sophie: "..." 
Nina at the side: "..." 
At this moment, Nina realized just how incredible Joanna’s acting skills were. 
Sophie wanted to put on a show and outdo her, but she ended up being outperformed by Joanna instead. 
She must be furious now. 
Sophie was indeed furious, so much so that her fake smile almost cracked. 
As she saw the camera pointing at her, Sophie took a deep breath and forced a smile: "Of course." 
"Wow, Senior Sophie, you’re so nice." 
Joanna perfectly captured the excitement, nervousness, and joy that a greenhand would feel when meeting their idol for the first time. As she looked at Sophie, her eyes were filled with stars. 
At this moment, a staff member came over and informed them that the public welfare activity was about to start officially. 
After the event began, the artists would take turns donating blood in order. After donating blood, they would also need to donate ambulances. 
The number of ambulances to be donated would be decided by the artists themselves. 
Joanna was a bit confused after listening to the staff member’s introduction. 
Donate ambulances? 
Linda didn’t seem to have mentioned this to her. 
Before Joanna could figure it out, the staff member started urging the artist in the first position to start donating blood.
At the same time, Sophie received a phone call from her agent. 
She answered, and within less than a minute, her face darkened. 
On the other side, her agent said: "The current public opinion is very unfavorable for you. Those influential figures are too powerful, and I’ve tried to control the situation by hiring online trolls, but the situation is still out of control. If this continues, your reputation will be severely affected." 
Sophie knew that her fans were very protective of her. 
Usually, they attacked others for her sake. 
However, she never thought that this time she would offend an influential figure, making the situation so serious. 
She clenched her phone, filled with anger: "What should I do now?" 
"Aren’t you at the blood donation public welfare activity? Here’s what you do, donate more ambulances after you’ve donated blood. I’ll find someone to issue a statement to praise your behavior, and then have some influential figures help you spread it. With your fans’ support, we should be able to suppress those negative comments." 
Sophie understood now. 
Her agent wanted to use her charitable deeds to suppress the negative comments about her. 
People would usually be more tolerant towards those who were charitable. 
Moreover, it wasn’t her who asked her fans to curse at other people. 
After hanging up the phone, Sophie looked at Joanna standing opposite her and a cold light flashed in her eyes. 
Those influential figures stirring up trouble must have been paid by Joanna to do so. 
How could it be so coincidental that an influential figure was in the live broadcast room at that time? 
After the first artist finished donating blood, it was Sophie’s turn. 
When the staff member came to inform her, Sophie walked past Joanna and whispered as they brushed shoulders: "Joanna, don’t be smug. We’ll see." 
So what if her boyfriend is the President of the Heath Group? 
They will eventually break up one day. 
She had already sent someone to investigate Joanna’s family background. 
Coming from a poor family, it would be more likely for Ashton Heath to just play with her. There was no way he would marry her. 
The order of appearance in the blood donation activity was based on popularity. 
Joanna was considered beyond D-list celebrity. When it was her turn to donate, the event was almost over.
###Chapter 1185: Chapter 1182: Her Boyfriend’s Money Isn’t Hers
Most of the people who went to the live stream to watch the charity event were fans of various artists. 
As for Joanna Lawrence, she didn’t have many genuine die-hard fans, and by the time it was her turn to perform, the number of viewers in the live stream had dwindled significantly. 
Those who stayed were mostly passers-by and a few of her fans who were mainly interested in her appearance. 
As soon as Joanna came on stage, her beauty fans began to praise her nonstop.
"Joanna’s gorgeous face is simply divine, calling her a fairy wouldn’t be an exaggeration." 
"Joanna’s facial features are really so delicate, her face is so small and her skin is incredibly good, her whole person is glowing white. I want to be her beauty fan for a lifetime!" 
"To be honest, her face is one of the top looks in the entertainment circle. I became her fan just because of her appearance, it’s really too good-looking." 
No matter which angle the camera captured her from, she looked incredibly beautiful. 
Unlike some female celebrities, who have some unflattering angles. 
"Yeah, no wonder she caught the eye of the overbearing CEO. If I were a man, I would like this type of girl too." 
"What overbearing CEO? Are you guys sure her boyfriend is an overbearing CEO? Maybe he’s just a wretched old man." At this point the live stream room was filled with good vibes, but suddenly, one of Sophie’s fans jumped out and sarcastically commented. 
"I also think he must be a wretched old man, since he doesn’t even dare to reveal his identity and even his Blog account doesn’t have a single picture." 
"So what if she’s pretty? She’s still a gold-digging, materialistic woman with an ugly soul. No matter how beautiful she is, it’s useless. Our gorgeous Sophie is not only beautiful but also has a beautiful soul. Just now, Sophie donated twenty ambulances, which is the most for anyone in this event." 
"Twenty ambulances? I think an ambulance costs more than two hundred thousand dollars each, so didn’t Sophie suddenly donate more than 50 million dollars? When it comes to public welfare, Sophie is always very generous. She’s also very generous in donating money to charity events." 
"I wonder how many ambulances some people plan to donate. She has such a powerful boyfriend, she should donate at least a few more than Sophie, right?" 
"Hahaha, her boyfriend’s money isn’t hers. I bet she won’t exceed five." 
"Five? You guys are giving her too much credit, I think she’ll donate at most one." 
At this moment, Joanna finished donating blood and the host asked her how many ambulances she planned to donate. 
For a D-list celebrity, donating one is already pretty good. 
D-list celebrities don’t have a very high income to begin with. 
Joanna signed an endorsement deal with Color Vista, worth several million dollars. 
However, the commercials hadn’t officially started shooting yet, so the endorsement fee hadn’t been paid to her yet. 
And she had already decided to give up on shooting the Color Vista endorsement. 
Fortunately, during her first visit to the Heath family, Madam Heath gave her a substantial amount of assets. 
So, outsiders didn’t know that this new artist, Joanna, already had several hundred million dollars in assets. 
After considering the donations from other artists, Joanna finally decided to donate five ambulances. 
This was a number that many first-and-second-tier celebrities had donated. 
Only Sophie donated twenty ambulances in one go, and she was the only one. 
Because she wanted to use this matter to hype up news and gain attention. 
When Joanna announced that she would donate five ambulances, the group of people in the live stream room who were mocking her collectively fell silent for a few minutes. 
Soon after, another fan jumped out and shouted, "Only five? Sophie donated twenty. With such a powerful and rich boyfriend, donating one hundred ambulances shouldn’t be a problem. Only five seem a bit too stingy."
###Chapter 1186: Chapter 1183: Do you know you have been despised by others?
"To be honest, her boyfriend is really rich, but that money isn’t hers. I think it’s pretty good for her, as a newcomer, to donate five ambulances." 
"Haha, at a time like this, he can’t even support his girlfriend’s reputation. It seems like her boyfriend doesn’t really like her that much." 
"Now that I think about it, the lovey-dovey display from yesterday was really awkward." 
The discussion in the live broadcast room was heated. 
Outside the live broadcast room, Joanna Lawrence and Sophie made the hot search. 
#Sophie: Beautiful and kind-hearted. Donated 5 million dollars’ worth of ambulances to public welfare activity. Generous!# 
#Love Angel Sophie, generously donated 5 million dollars for ambulances# 
#Joanna Lawrence only donated five ambulances to public welfare activity. Where is her tycoon boyfriend?# 
* 
Heath Group. 
Ashton Heath had just finished processing a batch of documents and was about to call Joanna Lawrence during his break to ask if she had finished her part of the event. 
At that moment, his phone rang. 
He glanced at the Caller ID and answered the call. 
"Ashton, have you seen today’s news?" Yannick Luther asked. 
Ashton Heath frowned slightly: "No, what’s wrong?" 
"I just thought it was strange that you hadn’t made any noise. You are being despised, you know!" 
"What do you mean?" 
"You know about your sister-in-law attending a public welfare activity today, right?" 
"Yes, I know." 
When Joanna Lawrence left for the event, she had sent him a Twitter message to inform him. 
"Aside from the blood donation, their public welfare activity also includes donating ambulances. That Sophie also attended. She donated 5 million dollars’ worth of ambulances. Your sister-in-law donated too, but less than her." 
"Now, her fans are in the live broadcast room mocking you and your sister-in-law. They say she found a rich boyfriend, but he is unwilling to spend money on her. They also suspect that you are just playing with her, so that’s why you are reluctant to spend money on her." 
"Anyway, you and your sister-in-law are both being mocked by her fans." 
Ashton Heath’s brows twisted. 
"Ashton, I think you can’t let people look down on you. And you have to support your sister-in-law. That woman’s fans are now so proud that they are going to heaven, praising her to the skies while stepping on your sister-in-law." 
"I couldn’t swallow my anger when I saw this, so I called you." 
Ashton Heath got a rough idea of what had happened, and after a moment of silence, his deep eyes turned cold, but his voice sounded calm: "Is the live broadcast still going on?" 
"Yes, but it should be ending soon. That woman’s fans are jumping around happily in the live broadcast." 
"Give me the live broadcast room." 
"All right, I’ll send it to you right away. Ashton, I’m waiting for you to flex your muscles!" 
Soon, Yannick Luther sent the link to the live broadcast room to Ashton Heath’s Twitter. 
Ashton Heath clicked the link. 
As soon as he entered the live broadcast room, he saw a sea of negative comments. 
Just as Yannick Luther had said, Sophie’s fans were jumping around in the live broadcast room, praising their idol while fiercely stepping on Joanna Lawrence. 
Ashton Heath’s face darkened as he watched for less than a minute. 
These fans were still giving gifts in the live broadcast room, saying that since Sophie was so generous, her fans couldn’t be stingy. The gifts they sent were considered as giving love along with their idol. 
While giving gifts, the fans mocked Joanna Lawrence’s fans saying that they were just as stingy as her, and no one was willing to give her gifts. 
With a somber face, Ashton Heath called Cody Aberton into his office. 
"President Ashton." 
The moment Cody Aberton entered the office and saw Ashton Heath’s unpleasant face, he felt a little apprehensive. 
"Come here." Ashton Heath beckoned to him.
###Chapter 1187: Chapter 1184: Let’s Swipe a 520 Red Envelope
Cody Aberton carefully walked over and cautiously asked, "President Ashton, do you have any orders for me?" 
Ashton Heath snapped his phone shut and threw it onto the table, gesturing for Cody to pick it up. 
Cody obediently picked up the phone and glanced down at it, immediately noticing Joanna Lawrence standing on stage answering a host’s questions. He was just about to comment on how well-dressed and appropriate Ms. Joanna looked today when he saw the group of fans jumping around. 
After seeing the fans’ comments, Cody’s face changed slightly. 
"President Ashton, someone is attacking you and Ms. Joanna." 
Ashton Heath gave him a cold glance: "I know."
"So do you want me to arrange for a counterattack?" 
"Do you know how to send that gift?" 
Cody was stunned: "Uh?" 
"I want to send a gift to your Lady Boss. How do I do that?" 
"Send a gift to Ms. Joanna?" 
Cody soon realized that he was looking at a livestream room. 
And in the livestream room, people were constantly sending out gifts. 
But those who were sending gifts were all fans of a female artist named Sophie, and all the gifts had Sophie’s name on them. 
Cody soon understood what Ashton Heath wanted him to do. 
It seemed that President Ashton wanted to support Ms. Joanna’s reputation. 
After analyzing his Boss’s thoughts, Cody immediately said: "President Ashton, it’s quite simple to send gifts. Just top up the account for this livestream and you can choose a gift to send." 
Ashton Heath nodded: "How much is the most expensive gift?" 
Cody opened the gift section and saw that the most expensive gift was a Love Angel, worth $10,000 each, 
He then informed Ashton Heath. 
Ashton Heath’s slender fingers lightly tapped on the table, his cold eyes narrowed: "What kind of number can represent love?" 
Cody: "Uh, a love number? Generally, it’s 520, which is a homophonic pun for ’I love you.’" 
Ashton Heath: "Then send 520." 
Saying his wife had no fans? 
Saying his wife’s fans were weak? 
His baby wouldn’t tolerate such disdain. 
Upon hearing the request to send 520 gifts, Cody couldn’t help but hesitate. 
"President Ashton, do you really want to send that many?" 
Although $2.14 million was not a significant amount for President Ashton, 
There was no need to spend so much money competing with those insignificant characters, right? 
Moreover, he had just checked, and while Sophie’s fans were constantly sending gifts, they weren’t sending a lot of money. Most were for one or ten dollars, and the total amount was probably only around ten thousand dollars. 
He felt that if he wanted to stand out for Ms. Joanna, sending one million dollars worth of gifts would be enough. 
"What? You have an ion?" Ashton Heath was unhappy with Cody’s dawdling, and frowned, "Top up the money and send it right away. Also, use my blog account to donate 50 ambulances in the name of your Lady Boss." 
Cody: "..." 
Oh my god. 
President Ashton was indeed a wife-protecting demon, unable to stand any grievances towards Ms. Joanna. 
He was envious of how well he treated Ms. Joanna, even as a grown man. 
If a handsome guy like President Ashton were to treat him well, he might even consider accepting it. 
After all, who could resist such a man who is not only handsome, manly, and wealthy but also dotes on his wife to the highest degree? 
This was really a lavish display of wealth just to win a smile from a beauty. 
As the Boss had to restore his wife’s reputation, there’s no room for delay. Cody dared not procrastinate any longer, and after topping up the account, he began frantically sending Love Angels in the live stream room. 
He changed the nickname for sending gifts to "Joanna’s Loyal Fan."
###Chapter 1188: Chapter 1185: Showed Some Affection by Gifting Each Other Gifts
Sophie’s fans were mocking Joanna in the live streaming room when suddenly they saw a gift notification from a "Love Angel" pop up. 
Since this gift is the most expensive, the display when it is given is very large and eye-catching. 
Anyone watching the live stream with functional eyes could see it. 
Usually, only wealthy fans would send such gifts. 
The nickname "Joanna’s Loyal Fan" was also very conspicuous. 
Before Sophie’s fans could react, one by one, "Love Angels" were thrown at them. 
So, the people in the live streaming room saw the system continuously prompting: Joanna’s loyal fan sent out ten Love Angels, Joanna’s loyal fan sent out twenty Love Angels... 
The numbers kept climbing. 
30, 40, 50, 60... 
The entire live streaming room was being endlessly swiped by this "Joanna’s Loyal Fan" and their gifts. 
Bystanders: Damn, who’s this tycoon? Love Angels cost ten thousand each, right? They’ve already sent out more than fifty! 
Sophie’s Fans were even more dumbfounded. 
Just a moment ago, they were mocking Joanna for not having any loyal fans who were willing to reward her. 
But the next moment, a wealthy fan bearing her fan title entered the live streaming room and started showering rewards crazily. 
Moreover, the amount this fan rewarded had already far exceeded the total amount they had rewarded earlier. 
The most important thing was that the rewards were still ongoing...
Because of this big shot who dropped into the live streaming room out of nowhere, in just a few minutes, they had rewarded about 1 million dollars. 
The once sparse live streaming room had started to get lively again. 
Many bystanders who had heard about the big shot in the live streaming room squeezed in to see which big shot was being so generous. 
Then they saw someone named "Joanna’s Loyal Fan" continuously scrolling with rewards. 
By the time the crowd arrived, more than 300 Love Angels had already been given. 
And the other party still showed no signs of stopping. 
Bystanders exclaimed: "They’ve already rewarded more than 3 million dollars? This is too tycoon-like. Does Joanna really have such rich loyal fans?" 
"I heard it was because Sophie’s fans ridiculed Joanna for having no fans to give her rewards, so this big shot dropped in. Now, Sophie’s fans have been slapped in the face and are keeping quiet." 
"This fan, could it be her rich boyfriend?" 
"I think it’s possible." 
"I also think it’s possible." 
"Those who said her boyfriend is stingy and unwilling to spend money on her must have been slapped in the face too." 
The bystanders discussed while watching the endlessly scrolling gifts. 
Only when 520 of those Love Angels had been sent did it stop. 
"Finally finished? 520 Love Angels, is this a way of confessing to Joanna through giving gifts?" 
"520=I love you, this is showing off their love through gift-giving. The gift giver must be her boyfriend." 
"Wow, why do I find this so sweet? This nickname is too cute." 
On one side, the live streaming room was still exclaiming about the 2.14 million dollars’ worth of gifts. 
On the other hand, the official blog of the public welfare activity Joanna participated in sent out a thankful post. 
The content was: Thank you @JoannaV for sending 55 ambulances. 
Before this, the official blog had also posted a thank-you post for other people who had sent ambulances. 
Among the comments on the thank-you post to Sophie were her fans occupying the comment section, unanimously brushing comments like "Sophie is awesome", and many of them were also mocking Joanna.
###Chapter 1189: Chapter 1186: @JoannaV, heard that I’m not spending money on you?
Once the official Blog posted this microblog, the few loyal fans of Joanna Lawrence felt increasingly triumphantly. 
They could finally slap the faces of Sophie’s fans. 
The comment section was filled with such comments as: 6666, If Joanna makes a move, she is not ordinary, easily outdoing that somebody else. 
"I just can’t stand her restless fans jumping about, hehe, keep jumping." 
"Did you see the blog of unknownMe? Those ambulances were all donated in the name of Joanna Lawrence. People used to say that he was reluctant to spend money on Joanna, but in just a while, he easily spent over 10 million dollars." 
"UnknownMe posted on his blog, what did he post?" 
Many intrigued people went to check out unknownMe’s blog. 
Then they were left speechless. 
UnknownMe: @JoannaV, I heard that I don’t spend money on you? Shouldn’t I demonstrate that I do? Wait for my gift. 
Not long after he posted this message, there was a live broadcast of a 2.14 million dollar reward and suddenly 50 more ambulances. 
It was clear that all of these were his doing. 
Netizens in the comments called it very romantic and protested that they also wanted a boyfriend who spoils them in this way. 
A boyfriend who would give over10 million dollars in gifts without saying a word. 
* 
When Ashton Heath tagged Joanna Lawrence, Joanna was not aware of it. 
She was still at the event, not having time to check her phone. 
It was only after the event ended and she walked out to the press area, reporters surrounded her to interview her: "Ms. Joanna, hello, I am a reporter from Apple Daily, can I interview you with a few questions?" 
"Ms. Joanna, I am a reporter from the Citrus TV Entertainment 8:30 pm news, can I interview you?" 
With a blink of an eye, several reporters surrounded her. 
Joanna Lawrence was taken aback, it was the first time in her life being interviewed by so many reporters, she was both surprised and nervous. 
Looking at the camera, her eyes revealed nervousness: "Interview me? What do you want to ask?" 
The reporter smiled and asked, "Ms. Joanna has generously donated 50 ambulances. This can be said to be the largest single donation since the launch of this public welfare activity. There are rumors online that it was your boyfriend who donated in your name, is this true?" 
"Fifty ambulances?" Joanna Lawrence was stunned again, her facial expression was a bit shocked. 
Seeing her like this, it was clear that she didn’t know about this. 
So it can be confirmed, these ambulances were definitely not donated by her. 
So, it must have been her boyfriend who helped donate them. 
The reporter had a gossiping expression: "Ms. Joanna, didn’t you know? Someone else donated fifty ambulances in your name. Moreover, someone just gave gifts worth 2.14 million dollars in the live broadcast, also in your name." 
Joanna Lawrence: "!!!" 
What was even going on? 
The reporter asked, "Ms. Joanna, the netizen called ’loyal fan of Joanna’ is your boyfriend, right?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She didn’t know anything. 
She turned to look at Nina beside her, completely baffled. 
Nina immediately said, "Joanna, while you were on stage just now for your blood donation, someone in the live broadcast rewarded gifts worth 2.14 million dollars, claiming to be your loyal fan." 
"What they said about the ambulances is also true." 
Joanna Lawrence, who knew herself quite well, knew she couldn’t possibly have such a tycoon fan. 
So she guessed it might be Ashton Heath. 
But why had he suddenly gifted so much, and helped her donate fifty additional ambulances?
###Chapter 1190: Chapter 1187: How did we end up in the hospital?
The reporter was taken aback, clearly not expecting Joanna to react this way. 
It felt as if the reporter was unexpectedly slapped across the face. 
Feeling a bit embarrassed as a single person, the reporter covered her mouth, coughed twice, and then laughed awkwardly, "Does Ms. Joanna have a more specific evaluation? Like how he looks, how old he is, and what kind of job he has." 
After all, there were rumors online that Joanna’s boyfriend was an old man. 
Moreover, considering the mysterious identity of "UnknownMe", they couldn’t find any clues about him, which inevitably made them even more curious and eager to know who he was. 
Joanna looked at the reporter, tilted her head, and seemed to be pondering his question. 
After a while, she answered with a smile, "He looks exceptionally good. To me, he’s the most handsome man I’ve ever seen. Of course, even without the lover’s bias, he’s quite outstanding. As for his age, he’s a few years older than me, and I’m not exactly sure about his job. He just does some small business." 
Reporter: "..." 
Small business? 
Was she certain she wasn’t joking? 
A small business that could gain support from so many Big Shots? 
This small business probably wasn’t the type she had in mind. 
The reporter felt that Joanna was insincere and was just placating him. 
He spoke dissatisfiedly, "Ms. Joanna, what do you think about the rumors that your boyfriend is one of the two young masters of the Heath family? Is your boyfriend really from the Heath family?" 
Joanna looked at the reporter’s resolute questioning and furrowed her eyebrows slightly before politely responding with a smile, "I apologize, but as I said earlier, since my boyfriend is an outsider, I cannot reveal too much information." 
"I don’t want to involve him in our circle. I hope everyone can understand." 
"I have some things to do, so I’ll be leaving now. Thank you all for the interview." 
After finishing speaking, Joanna nodded at the reporter with a smile and, without caring about the reporter’s dissatisfaction with her answer, left the event with Nina by her side. 
* 
As Joanna went to participate in the public welfare activity, a black Rolls-Royce stopped in front of Patient Hospital. 
A moment later, the driver got out of the car, opened the door, and Rebecca Kelloway stepped out, arm in arm with Madam White. 
When Madam White alighted from the car and saw the large characters "Patient Hospital" hanging over the entrance, she couldn’t help but be taken aback. 
She turned her head and looked at Rebecca in disbelief and confusion, "Rebecca, why did we come to the hospital?" 
Rebecca affectionately held her arm, appearing obedient and sensible. She gently explained, "Madam White, I heard that you haven’t been feeling well lately, and you have not been able to recover. So I thought I’d bring you to the hospital to have a look." 
"I just happen to have a friend who recently returned from abroad. He’s a very skilled doctor and even had a little fame as a physician while abroad. Since you have been ill for so long, Madam White, I thought it might be a good idea for him to take a look. Maybe he could help you recover." 
"The longer this illness drags on, the worse it will be, and it will ultimately ruin your health. I am genuinely worried about you, Madam White, so I took the initiative... I hope you are not angry with me." 
Upon hearing this, Madam White looked surprised and moved. 
She grabbed Rebecca’s hand, and even her gaze became much warmer and more affectionate, "It’s rare that you care so much, Rebecca. How could I be angry? If anything, I don’t have enough time to be touched. I really didn’t expect you to be so thoughtful. If only you were my daughter."
###Chapter 1191: Chapter 1188: The Paternity Test Results are Flawless
"Indeed." Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes quickly flashed a different color as she curled her lips, "Madam White, you need not worry. I believe you and your daughter will be reunited. Miss White must be very beautiful, after all you yourself are a great beauty." 
Madam White was delighted by her flattery: "You’re such a sweet talker. I hope your kind words come true, and that my baby daughter can return home soon." 
"She will." Rebecca’s eyes curved slightly, her eyelashes lowered, concealing a fleeting gloom at the bottom of her eyes. 
"Madam White, let’s go in. I have my friend waiting for you. I hope his medical skills will not disappoint you." 
"Alright, let’s go." 
* 
After having Madam White examined, Rebecca Kelloway sent her back home and left. 
A while after the black Rolls Royce left the Whites’ residence, Rebecca took out her phone and made a call. 
The call was quickly connected. 
"Ms. Kelloway." A man’s voice echoed from the phone, sounding around thirty years old. 
Rebecca slightly squinted her eyes, turned her head to look out the window, and then took a deep breath before asking, "Have the results come out?" 
After asking the question, she involuntarily gripped the phone harder, her face revealing a hint of tension and anxiety. 
She hoped that the final examination results would not confirm her suspicions. 
That way, she would feel a little better. 
"The examination result has come out. Ms. Kelloway, based on the DNA paternity test conducted on the two blood samples you sent over, the results indicate that they are mother and daughter." 
Even though she had already guessed it. 
At the moment of confirmation, Rebecca Kelloway’s face still turned extraordinarily ugly. 
It was actually true! 
It was actually true!! 
That little bitch Joanna was indeed the daughter that the White family had lost. 
So, her true status wasn’t at all lowly. In fact, it wasn’t even less than hers. 
Rebecca Kelloway’s teeth were almost crushed in her mouth from rage, she snapped, "Are you certain there are absolutely no mistakes in the paternity test results? This is a matter of great importance, I will not allow any errors to exist." 
"I’m certain. Ms. Kelloway, paternity testing is a relatively simple procedure, I can assure you 100% there are no mistakes in the results." 
A huge lump formed in Rebecca Kelloway’s throat. 
"Alright, I now understand. Remember this, this matter must remain a secret, nobody else should know about it besides me." 
"Rest assured, Ms. Kelloway, I know what to do." 
Rebecca Kelloway hung up angrily. 
Her mind was filled with the words the doctor had just said: The test results confirm that they are mother and daughter. 
She had originally thought Joanna was of humble origin, just an ordinary person. 
However, she never expected that Joanna would be a member of the White family. 
For Rebecca Kelloway, the source of her superiority has always been her family background. 
She inherently believed that she was superior to others. 
She knew very well that Lady Octavia’s dissatisfaction with Joanna was mainly because of Joanna’s background, which Lady Octavia found unsatisfactory. 
If Joanna had initially met Ashton Heath as the daughter of the White family and then married him, 
Even if she was still in the entertainment industry, Lady Octavia wouldn’t have been as dissatisfied. 
So, she cannot let Joanna has any chance to return to the White family under any circumstances. 
So what if she’s the daughter of the White family? 
Now that she was the first to know about it, Joanna was doomed to be of humble origins for the rest of her life. 
Wanting to be the daughter of the White family again?
###Chapter 1192: Chapter 1189: Mom, so can you please help me?
Dream on! 
Rebecca clenched her fists, her eyes growing colder by the inch; slowly, her emotions cooled down as well. 
Thankfully, she had her plans all along. 
So even if Joanna was the daughter of the White family, she wouldn’t give her any chance to return to them. 
After a moment of thought, she picked up her phone and dialed Annie. 
* 
In the Lawrence household... 
After receiving the call, Annie felt a mix of excitement and bitterness. 
It was Rebecca who called her just now, informing her of the paternity test results. 
That bitch Joanna, turned out to be the daughter of the White family. 
Never would Annie have thought that Joanna’s birth parents would be Madam and Sir White of the four great families of Closia. 
Such a prominent and noble family... 
How could they have anything to do with that bastard Joanna? 
Shouldn’t Joanna’s parents be fleeing convicts, living a life of destitution? 
Why did it turn out like this! 
Not only were the bitch’s parents not of any despicable sort, but her real background was also thousands of times more noble than her own. 
Enraged, Annie threw her phone onto the bed, sitting down with a cold face. 
At this point, Rose Liall entered the room. 
Seeing Annie sitting motionless with a dark expression, Rose Liall frowned and walked towards her: "Annie, what’s wrong with you? Who upset you? Have you found another company yet? Don’t think that just because you still have some fame, you can afford to be picky. If you continue to fade from the spotlight, your fans might forget about you." 
"In my opinion, you shouldn’t be too picky. Just sign with a suitable company for now. Having something to do will keep you from panicking. You know..." Rose Liall thought she was worried about signing with a new company and started to drone on and on with her advice. 
"Mom, as long as I can live a better life, you will help me with anything, right?" Annie lifted her head, her eyes filled with determination, staring directly at Rose Liall. 
Rose Liall was taken aback, nodding casually: "Of course. Annie, you are my precious baby, of course I hope you can have a better life."
"Then help me with one thing." 
Annie reached out to grab Rose Liall’s arm, her face full of ambitions: "Mom, if I tell you that I have a chance to become the daughter of the White family, would you be willing to help me?" 
Annie, afraid Rose Liall might refuse, quickly added, "No matter what, you are my real mother. I will never forget this. Once I become the daughter of the White family, we won’t have to worry about wealth and honor for the rest of our lives. Mom, you will help me, right? You will definitely help me!" 
Rose Liall was stunned, her face showing astonishment: "Annie, what are you talking about? What do you mean, ’daughter of the White family’? You are our daughter, how could you become the daughter of the White family? And which White family are you talking about? What do you mean." 
"Of course, I’m talking about the White family among the four great families in Closia. As long as I can become their daughter, I can buy anything you want in the future. Even though you would technically be my foster mother, in my heart, I will always remember that you are my real mother and I will honor you for the rest of my life." 
"Mom, so please, will you help me?"
###Chapter 1193: Chapter 1190: Gradually Becoming Moved by Her Words
"If I don’t go to the White family, the little bitch Joanna will. If she becomes the daughter of the White family, will our mother and daughter have any good days ahead? So it’s not just for my own happiness that I’m doing this, if I don’t, our days will only get tougher." 
"Annie, you..."Rose Liall was completely clueless about what she was saying. "How is the little bitch involved again? What exactly is going on?" 
"Mom, just listen to me." Annie Lawrence pulled Rose’s hand, sat her down on the bedside, and slowly told her everything. 
More than ten minutes later. 
After listening to Annie, Rose was shocked, her eyes wide open in disbelief. 
She couldn’t believe it: "The little bitch’s biological parents are actually from the White family? The little bitch has such good luck? Is this true?" 
"It is true." Annie Lawrence also felt extremely unbalanced. "Ms. Kelloway just called me and said that the paternity test results are out. She and Madam White are really the mother and daughter." 
This matter was too shocking for Rose Liall, and it took her a while to recover. 
"The daughter that the White family has been looking for more than ten years turned out to be Joanna. No wonder Dad treats the little bitch like his own daughter, he must have known about her noble identity. But if Joanna is the daughter of the White family, why didn’t Dad take her to the White family to recognize them?" 
Annie Lawrence was silent for a moment and said: "I have investigated, the White family seems to have hidden their surname and name before. They didn’t use the surname ’White’ when they were still in Closia. Dad probably didn’t know that the White family was his former employer." 
"So that’s how it is." 
Rose Liall suddenly thought of a question, frowning: "Besides Joanna, Jeremy is not your father’s biological son either. Could it be that he also has some extraordinary origin?" 
"How is that possible." 
Annie Lawrence denied it without even thinking, "Jeremy, the sick ghost, is just an unwanted orphan bastard. His sickly body won’t live long anyway, maybe one day he’ll go report to King Death." 
Rose Liall pursed her lips, looking serious. 
"Mom." Annie Lawrence looked at her pleadingly. "Now that you know about Joanna’s real origins, if she’s recognized by the White family, will we still have a chance for a good life? She has always resented us and will definitely find a way to take revenge." 
"Only by letting me take her place and become the daughter of the White family can we, as a mother and daughter, have a good rest of our lives. Just think, if I became the daughter of the White family, whatever we want could be ours with just a word. At that time, not only would I be enjoying life, but you would too." 
"You’d become the foster mother of the daughter of the White family. You’ve been so kind to me over the years; how could the White family mistreat you?" 
"This way, you and Madam White will become sisters." 
Gradually, Rose Liall was swayed by her words.
Thinking about her being able to call Madam White her sister, and thinking about enjoying a life of wealth and luxury for the rest of her life, her eyes began to shine. 
Rose Liall wasn’t exactly the great mother who valued her children more than herself. 
Even for her own daughter, it was personal interests that mattered more to her in the face of benefits. 
"Can this thing you’re talking about really be successful?
###Chapter 1194: Chapter 1191: Best Friend Becomes Sister-In-Law
"We can’t afford any mistakes. If a family like the White family discovers we’ve deceived them, the consequences are beyond what we can bear." 
She said that, which means she agreed. 
Annie Lawrence breathed a sigh of relief, a smile appeared on her face and she threw herself into her mother’s arms, and cooed, "Mom, don’t worry. Ms. Kelloway will definitely arrange everything well. But about Dad..." 
"Just ignore him. You are his own flesh and blood. When he learns about this, he won’t sacrifice his own daughter for a girl with no familial ties to him. Besides, who wouldn’t be thrilled to strengthen our ties with the White family?" 
After thinking for a while, Rose Liall asked, "So, how can we let the White family know that their daughter is at the Lawrence residence?" 
"The White family is having a banquet tomorrow, which is Gary White’s birthday banquet. Ms. Kelloway is planning for me to attend with her. At the banquet, she will naturally find a way to draw Madam White’s attention to me." 
* 
After Joanna Lawrence left the event site, she went directly to the Heath Group to see Ashton Heath. 
When she got to the office, she was told that Ashton Heath was in a meeting. 
Joanna waited for him in his office. Shortly after she arrived, a secretary walked in with a platter stuffed with snacks, ranging from fruit pastries to ice cream, and piled a coffee table full of different finger foods. 
Joanna sat on the sofa, enjoyed some snacks, scanned through a script for a while, and then received a Twitter message from Aria. 
Sweet Aria: Baby, I... I have something to tell you. 
Joanna, having nothing much to do, immediately replied: What? 
Sweet Aria: But you must promise that you won’t laugh at me, or else I won’t say it. 
Fluffy Cutie: ...Fine, I promise. 
After waiting for about a minute, Joanna received another message from Aria.
Sweet Aria: Well, uh, I think you might need to start calling me your sister-in-law. What do you think, aren’t you excited, thrilled, and overwhelmed with joy to have your best friend become your sister-in-law? 
Fluffy Cutie: ... 
Sweet Aria: What was that reaction! Didn’t you use to say that the best relationship between best friends is when it evolves into one between sisters-in-law? Come on, give me some sort of reaction. Ok, I know I just made a fool of myself, I said I wouldn’t... but... It’s really not my fault! 
Joanna was not surprised that Aria agreed to date Brandon Heath. 
After all, Ashton Heath had already predicted it. 
However, when Joanna heard Aria confirm it, she thought Aria had a real weakness for good-looking guys. 
No wonder there is a saying "beauty can be misleading". 
If this were ancient times, and if Aria was an emperor, she would definitely be the next Zhou King. 
The type who loved her kingdom but cherished beauty even more, willing to sacrifice everything for it. 
At the beginning, Joanna didn’t agree with Aria dating Brandon Heath. 
Because she felt it was somewhat unrealistic. 
And she was more afraid that Aria would be wronged by Lady Octavia. 
But now, since Aria has made her choice, all she, as a good friend, can do is support her, right? 
Aria’s character is not the type to allow herself to be bullied. 
Even if Lady Octavia wanted to make life difficult for her, it wouldn’t be easy. 
Plus, Ashton Heath has also said that Brandon Heath is very assertive and responsible. 
He should be able to protect Aria. 
On a personal note, if Aria could become her sister-in-law, it would be the best thing ever.
###Chapter 1195: Chapter 1192: Forget it, she’s willing to admit defeat after losing the bet
With a "ding," Aria Rowlett sent another Twitter message. 
Sweet Aria: You know I got really drunk that night, right? I’ve never been that wasted before. When I woke up the next day, I couldn’t remember a lot of things. I was determined to talk to him about it, but he told me that I took advantage of him when I was drunk and that I had to be responsible for it. I’ve never met a man who asks a woman to take responsibility like that. I don’t know if I really took advantage of him, but he doesn’t seem like a liar, either. I don’t want him to think I’m a crappy woman, so... 
Fluffy Cutie: So you agreed to be his girlfriend. 
Sweet Aria: Uh, yeah. Baby, do you think we’re not going to make it? Actually, I didn’t think too much about it. I just wanted to have a simple, sweet romance. Brandon Heath meets all the criteria for my ideal boyfriend in every way. Isn’t it worth it to have a relationship with a man like him? 
Joanna couldn’t possibly pour cold water on her at this time, and she couldn’t predict how other people’s relationships would develop either.
After thinking for a moment, she replied: Your own feelings are the most important. If you feel happy being with him and aren’t considering what might happen in the future, then I think a sweet love affair is perfect. You definitely won’t lose out by dating Brandon Heath. 
Sweet Aria: Yeah, that’s what I think, too. Just being with such a top-notch handsome guy, looking at his handsome face every day alone makes me really happy. I haven’t thought too much about the future, but I’m still young, so I can afford to waste a few more years. 
Sweet Aria: Oh, we made a deal that whoever gets a boyfriend first has to treat the others to dinner. So when are you and the heartthrob free? I’ll ask him to treat you both to dinner. 
Just as Joanna was about to respond, she heard the sound of a door opening. 
She looked up and saw Ashton Heath walking into the office. 
Seeing Joanna sitting on the couch, engrossed in her phone, Ashton paused for a moment before walking over to her with a slight smile on his lips. 
"Bored of waiting? I’m done with work now, so I can be with you," he said. 
"It’s fine; it’s not my first time coming here." Joanna shook her phone and sighed softly. 
"Hm? What’s up?" 
Ashton sat down beside her, wrapped his arm around her, and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. 
Joanna pouted: "Sigh, you guessed it." 
"Hm?" Ashton raised an eyebrow, asking her what she meant. 
"Just now, Aria told me that she’s with your brother, Brandon." 
Ashton was taken aback for a moment but soon smiled again, not the least bit surprised. "That’s not unexpected, is it? I told you before that once she met Brandon, she wouldn’t be able to resist him." 
"But I thought she might be able to withstand his charm. I thought she wouldn’t be so easily swayed." It seemed that Joanna had overestimated Aria Rowlett. 
"So, about our bet, you lost?" Ashton hadn’t forgotten about it and quickly brought it up. 
Joanna: "..." 
Well, she was willing to accept defeat. 
"Yes, I lost." 
"I remember that the wager was you agreeing to one of my requests, no matter what I ask for." 
As Joanna looked into his deepening dark eyes, she had an uneasy feeling. 
She didn’t even want to admit it.
###Chapter 1196: Chapter 1193: Is it too late to back out now?
Ah, what on earth was she thinking when she agreed to bet with Ashton Heath? 
How many times had they bet, and had she ever won once? 
She could already guess what Ashton wanted to ask of her. Just looking at the way he was looking at her now made her legs a bit weak. 
"...I remember," Joanna Lawrence reluctantly replied. 
"And shouldn’t you fulfill your promise? You said that no matter what I ask for, you’ll agree to it. You should remember that, right?" Ashton Heath approached her, his warm breath falling on her ear as he whispered the words. 
Joanna blushed, raising her head and angrily staring at him, "Ashton Heath, you’re shameless!" 
What a damn hooligan! 
She knew it, his intentions were not good. 
The man chuckled, his low voice extremely seductive, "Baby, I didn’t force you. You’re the one who said you would agree to anything I ask for. You agreed to the bet, right?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Of course she knew the rules of betting. 
She regretted it deeply now. Very much so, indescribably regretful! 
Something must’ve been wrong with her brain back then; otherwise, she wouldn’t have initiated the bet with Ashton Heath. 
Would it be too late to go back on her word now? 
"Alright, let’s talk about this later. There’s plenty of time, no need to rush." Ashton Heath teased her for a bit before putting the joke aside. "Today, we still have more important matters to attend to."
"More important matters?" Joanna’s attention was immediately diverted by his words, looking at him in confusion, "What’s that?" 
Ashton Heath smiled and reached out to stroke her silky, black hair. It felt so smooth, just like silk that he couldn’t get enough of. "Have you forgotten that there’s a banquet tomorrow night? Before that, we need to choose an evening dress for you." 
A banquet? 
Only then did Joanna remember that tomorrow night was Gary White’s birthday party. 
She also realized she hadn’t prepared anything for it. 
Thankfully, Ashton was thoughtful enough to remind her. 
When she first moved to Ashton’s place, Mark had helped her purchase a lot of clothes, shoes, bags, and jewelry. 
But they were all daily wear items. 
She didn’t seem to have an evening dress. 
"Alright," Joanna thought for a moment and nodded, "Also, we can pick out a gift for Mr. White. The age of thirty is quite a significant milestone for men. We should choose a thoughtful gift for him." 
Considering the care Gary White had always shown her and even allowing her to play Female Lead 1 on the screen, 
Joanna decided that she would carefully choose a birthday gift for Gary White. 
However, she was unsure of what Gary liked. Thinking that Ashton had known him for a longer time, she asked, "Ashton, do you know what Mr. White generally likes? When I go to buy a birthday gift later, could you help me out with some suggestions?" 
Seeing his wife so enthusiastic about picking a gift for another man, Ashton couldn’t help but feel a bit jealous, "What does he like? He loves beautiful women the most. Find a beauty to give him, and he’ll definitely be pleased." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Ashton Heath, be serious," she said, exasperated, "You’ve known Mr. White for so many years, you should have a good idea of his preferences."
###Chapter 1197: Chapter 1194: The Ten Thousand-Year-Old Iron Tree Actually Bloomed
"Tell me what he likes, or else I might pick a gift he doesn’t like." 
"You don’t need to worry about the gift, I’ll take care of it." 
"But I want to choose something myself." Joanna looked at the man’s unhappy expression and thought Ashton must be jealous again. She helplessly and amusedly shook his arm and said, "Don’t be upset. I just want to thank him for giving me the role of Female Lead 1. If it were someone else, I’d do the same." 
Ashton firmly pressed his lips together and said nothing. 
Joanna sighed and let go of his hand: "Alright, if you won’t tell me, I’ll choose myself. Anyway, I have to choose the gift for Mr. White myself." 
Ashton decided that once Joanna finished filming with Gary White, he would never let them work together again. 
He didn’t trust Gary White at all. 
At that moment, Joanna’s phone rang. 
Seeing that it was Linda calling, she made a silencing gesture at Ashton. 
After picking up, Linda directly asked her why she said she wanted to give up the Color Vista endorsement at the event today. 
Joanna didn’t say that just to put on a show for others. 
She thought about it for a while and told Linda the truth: "Linda, I think I should pass on that endorsement. I heard that MC was indeed planning to renew Sophie’s contract. If I took this endorsement, there would be a lot of trouble." 
"My current fame isn’t suitable for being a celebrity endorser for MC. I want to focus on developing my career first, and when I truly have the ability later on, I won’t have to worry about endorsements." 
"Are you sure about this, for real?" 
"Yeah, I’ve thought about it." 
"But you’ve already signed the contract..." 
"Isn’t MC under the Parker Group? I’ll have my boyfriend talk to Mr. Parker, and there shouldn’t be any problem." 
There was silence on Linda’s end for a while before she sighed with what seemed like low spirits: "Fine, I respect your decision. It’s just that even if you give up on endorsing MC, Sophie and her fans won’t be grateful to you." 
"I’ll call MC now and discuss the termination of the contract." 
The call ended. 
Joanna suddenly remembered the 520 red envelopes with 214 dollars and 50 ambulances that were sent in her name during the live stream, and asked Ashton: "Were you the one who sent the gifts and ambulances in my name in the live stream?" 
"Mhmm." Ashton nodded. 
Joanna: "... When did you ever think of sending gifts like that? You don’t usually watch live streams, right?" 
Ashton looked at her and gently rubbed her head: "I don’t watch live streams, never have. I’ve never rewarded any female hosts. Cody helped me with the gift-sending. If someone says I’m unwilling to spend money on you, I have to prove myself." 
So he spent over 10 million dollars to prove himself? 
It’s a good thing he knows how to make money, having enough to be this capricious. 
Joanna thought about the money he spent on public welfare activities, and didn’t say anything since it wasn’t a waste. 
"By the way, Aria just asked when we’ll be free. She said her brother wants to treat us to dinner."
Joanna remembered what Aria had said earlier and told Ashton the exact words. 
She and Aria had indeed made a promise before. 
Whoever got a boyfriend first would treat the other to dinner. 
They actually treated Aria before when Joanna and Ashton got together. 
"You decide the time. I can accommodate you anytime." Ashton looked at her with an indulgent gaze that would agree to her every whim, "I really didn’t expect that Brandon, the evergreen iron tree, would actually bloom and be taken by your best friend."
###Chapter 1198: Chapter 1195: How Can I Not Take Good Care of You?
"Baby, your Aria is quite impressive." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"You’re talking about Brandon like that? Aren’t you the same as him? Aren’t you also an age-old iron tree?" 
His first love was with her. 
His marriage was with her too. 
Before her, there were no other women, nor any dating experience, having been a single man for a full 25 years. 
Listening to him make fun of Brandon Heath, Joanna couldn’t help but laugh. 
This was like the pot calling the kettle black. 
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows, a face of disagreement: "Of course, I am different from Brandon." 
Joanna Lawrence also raised her eyebrows slightly, a face of humble inquiry: "Oh? So where are you different?" 
Ashton Heath lowered his head, glanced at her, and said seriously: "I am not an old iron tree; I am younger than him by a few years." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Isn’t it essentially the same thing! 
In the end, they were both age-old iron trees! 
"I’ve always been wondering what kind of sister-in-law Brandon would find for me." Ashton Heath squinted, his expression a bit hard to describe, "I didn’t expect my future sister-in-law to be a little girl." 
Thinking about him calling Aria Rowlett, that little girl, his sister-in-law, Ashton Heath felt a bit uncomfortable. 
He never thought that the girl Brandon liked would be of Aria’s type. 
He thought that his stern, meticulous brother, who was an introverted and old-fashioned man, would like a mature and charming woman. 
Aria Rowlett was just a little girl. 
And a lively, outgoing girl at that. 
Ashton Heath imagined what her and Brandon’s interactions would look like, thinking his brother’s future sister-in-law would be like a little child no matter what. 
He didn’t know if two people with completely different personalities would really be suitable for each other. 
However, as brothers who had grown up together, Ashton Heath naturally knew Brandon well. 
If he decided to be with Aria Rowlett, the matter would inevitably have a good outcome. 
Brandon’s attitude towards feelings had never been casual. 
He wouldn’t easily make a decision, but once decided, he must have thought about being responsible for Aria Rowlett to the end. 
If one day, Brandon and Aria Rowlett were to break up, it would certainly not be his intention. 
It could only mean that Aria Rowlett wanted to leave on her own accord. 
Joanna Lawrence: "Ashton Heath, what do you mean? Do you have any ions to Aria? What do you mean, ’little girl’? Aria and I are the same age; am I also a little girl in your eyes?" 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t allow anyone to say anything bad about her best friend. 
Not even if that person was her husband! 
Ashton Heath: "... Baby, I don’t have any ions against her; I’m just stating the facts. To Brandon, Aria Rowlett is a little girl. Think about it, Brandon is already thirty years old, and how old is Aria Rowlett? There is almost a ten-year gap between them." 
Joanna Lawrence was six years younger than him. 
He already felt that he was much older than her, worried that there might be a generation gap between them. 
A ten-year gap would definitely have a generation gap, right? 
Then there’s Brandon’s personality... 
Ashton Heath was a bit worried that his brother’s love life might become more difficult. 
"As for you, you are indeed a little girl to me." Ashton Heath looked at the young girl beside him, her face puffing up in anger, reached out to pinch her cheeks, and gently smiled, "That’s why I want to take good care of you, love you, and pamper you. You’re so many years younger than me; how can I not take good care of you?"
###Chapter 1199: Chapter 1196: Definitely Going to Slap Many People’s Faces Again
Joanna Lawrence pouted a bit, still dissatisfied: "So, in your eyes, do I not have any feminine charm?" 
He called her a little girl. 
Didn’t that mean she lacked femininity? 
Joanna didn’t like being seen as a little girl by him. 
Ashton Heath thought seriously about this question and shook his head: "Not entirely." 
"Not entirely?" 
"Hmm." He suddenly hooked up an ambiguous smile at the corner of his lips, leaned in closer to her, and whispered a few words in her ear. 
Joanna’s fair face was suddenly covered in a crimson blush, her little fist hit his chest, and she glared at him fiercely: "Hooligan!" 
"Yes, hooligan." Ashton doted on her soft white hand, lightly kissed it, and said, "I’m only a hooligan to my wife. What’s there to be so serious about in front of my wife?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Ugh, what a scoundrel! 
* 
Ashton Heath took Joanna Lawrence to a high-end bespoke fashion boutique. 
As soon as they got out of the car, someone greeted them, bowing respectfully and calling out, "Mr. Ashton." 
He then looked at Joanna, who had gotten out of the car with Ashton. When his gaze landed on her immaculate and perfect face, his eyes flashed with amazement, and he respectfully called out again, "Ms. Joanna." 
As a woman herself, the clerk couldn’t help but think Joanna was too beautiful and exquisite. 
She looked so much better in person than in photos and videos. 
Completely different from those female celebrities who looked much worse in person without photoshop. 
Joanna was the type who looked even better in person than when retouched. 
The clerk could not help but take an extra look at her. 
Any man with such a beautiful girlfriend would surely cherish and love her, right? 
No wonder he was willing to order her an evening dress worth several million dollars. 
However, this Mr. Ashton was also a rarity – a top-notch handsome man, perfectly matched in appearance with Ms. Joanna. 
Unbelievably handsome, wealthy, and good at pampering women. 
Such a man was a hard-to-find ideal man, even with a lantern in hand searching for him. 
Upon reflecting, Ms. Joanna must be even happier to have found such a perfect boyfriend. 
Some outsiders had rumored that her boyfriend was an old man or an older gentleman. 
But Ashton was very young and handsome, even better looking than those young idols who rely on their appearance in the entertainment industry. 
In the end, it must have been a big slap in the face for many people. 
* 
Once in the store, several clerks surrounded them and enthusiastically offered their services. 
Cody Aberton had managed the order for the formal dress and hadn’t revealed Ashton’s true identity. 
Therefore, these clerks didn’t know the identity of the people they were serving. 
But no matter who could afford to order an evening dress worth several million dollars, they were all their key customers. 
"Please wait a moment, Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna. The evening dress will be brought out shortly." 
Joanna sat in the waiting area and glanced around the Luxe Lounge, feeling that it was a rather imposing place. 
The consumption here seemed exceptionally high. 
She originally thought that Ashton would take her to a shopping mall to buy clothes. 
Unexpectedly, they came to such a place. 
She felt that consumption here was much higher than at a shopping mall. 
And Ashton had ordered an evening dress for her? 
She hadn’t heard about this before. 
Joanna curiously asked, "Ashton, did you order an evening dress for me?" 
"Yes." 
"Why didn’t you ask me first?" 
"Ask what?"
###Chapter 1200: Chapter 1197: Suspecting He’s Driving Again
"Err..." Joanna Lawrence coughed slightly, "You never asked me about my measurements or anything, don’t you need those to order a dress?" 
Ashton Heath paused, lowered his gaze, and looked at her with a teasing smile in his eyes. The corners of his lips slowly rose in a half smile, "Why should I ask? I have understood your measurements very clearly for a very long time." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She suspected he was teasing her again, but she had no evidence... 
After a while, a couple of store employees cautiously brought out a dress. 
"Mr. Ashton, this is the dress you customized for Ms. Joanna. Would Ms. Joanna like to try it on now?" 
Joanna turned her gaze to the dress in the employee’s hands, and as soon as she saw it, she was immediately captivated. 
The employees were holding a silver-gray glittery evening dress. 
Under the light, the dress seemed to be inlaid with diamonds, sparkling excessively. 
On closer inspection, the twinkling stars on the dress were actually a special material pattern. 
Girls are always weak in the face of these shiny things. Joanna fell in love with this dress at first sight. 
Ashton saw her eyes all lighting up, and he grinned, "Shall we try it on?" 
Joanna nodded. 
"Then Ms. Joanna, please follow us over here to try on the evening dress." The employee gestured invitingly. 
Joanna got up and followed the employee into the fitting room. 
The dress had its zipper at the back, requiring assistance to be zipped up. 
The employee followed her into the fitting room. 
The moment Joanna took off her clothes, the employee couldn’t help but exclaim, "Ms. Joanna, your skin is so fair." 
It was both fair and tender, the top layer of skin was glowing with a radiant luster. 
It was clear that she was born with good skin, and not the result of whitening injections. 
The Luxe lounge was designed to make private custom dress for the wealthy. 
Naturally, they catered to a number of celebrities. 
Many actresses who were known for their good skin, actually had it due to whitening injections. The difference between artificial whitening and natural skin was quite apparent. 
The employee glanced at Joanna’s glowing skin with envy, knowing it was natural, she couldn’t help but ask, "Ms. Joanna, your skin is truly good. How do you usually maintain it?" 
Joanna replied truthfully, "Maintenance? I don’t do anything special, I just like to drink plenty of water and eat lots of fruits. That’s pretty much it." 
The employee: "..." 
That was a bit annoying. She also liked drinking water and eating fruit too. 
Her skin was also considered pretty good. 
However, comparison really was the killer of joy. 
Indeed, the phrase ’natural beauty’ really did exist. 
Looking at the beautiful woman in front of her, as white as snow, the employee felt a bit envious of Ashton Heath. 
If she were a man, and if she had a beautful girlfriend like this, she would definitely not want to leave the bed for three days and three nights. 
* 
After more than ten minutes. 
Joanna came out of the fitting room dressed in the evening dress. 
An employee held up her train as she slowly walked to the mirror, gazing at her reflection in surprise. 
"Ms. Joanna, you’re stunning. This dress is simply amazing on you, once your boyfriend sees you, he’ll be utterly dazzled," the employee said, genuinely impressed. 
The employee truly felt that Joanna was exquisitely beautiful. 
She was more beautiful than any of the female artists she had ever served before. 
This silver-gray starlight dress on her, made her look like a fairy descended from heaven.
###Chapter 1201: Chapter 1198: Suddenly Regretted It
As a woman herself, she couldn’t help but feel her heart race at the sight. 
Joanna Lawrence was a little embarrassed by the praise and blushed, saying to the salesperson, "Thank you." 
The evening dress exposed a bit of her shoulders, showing off her slender neck and collarbone. The mermaid style further elongated her already great figure to even more perfect proportions. 
Joanna was 165 cm tall. 
But in this evening dress, she looked as if she was 170 cm tall. 
Looking at herself in the mirror, she realized that men’s taste could be quite reliable for the first time. 
Ashton Heath’s taste in clothes was beyond reproach. 
She really loved the dress he had custom-made for her. 
Joanna admired herself in the mirror for a while before remembering, at the salesperson’s prompting, that Ashton was still waiting for her. 
In the rest area. 
Ashton Heath was looking at an electronic file that Cody Aberton had sent him. 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna has finished changing into her evening dress." 
He heard footsteps approaching and then the salesperson’s voice. 
Ashton held his phone in one hand, looking up indifferently. 
His gaze fell on Joanna the moment she appeared, and a subtle flash of amazement crossed his calm eyes as he stared at her intently. 
The expression on his face was not as indifferent as before. 
His dark eyes silently scanned the girl who seemed like a fairy that had fallen into the mortal world from head to toe, finally settling on her delicate, porcelain-white face. 
At this moment, Ashton suddenly regretted his decision. 
He regretted why he had ordered such a dress for her. 
Her beauty should only be seen by him alone. 
He didn’t want anyone else to see this beautiful side of her. 
At this moment, the girl in front of him was stunningly beautiful, dazzlingly so. 
Just moments ago, even he had been momentarily moved by her, deeply amazed. 
Not to mention other men. 
"How is it?" Joanna lifted her skirt a little, feeling a bit uncomfortable under his stare. "I think the size is just right, and the style is pretty nice too. What do you think?" 
The long dress she wore was not overly revealing or frivolous. 
It wasn’t too conservative either, to the point of being rigid. 
The innocent charm of the girl blended well with the seductive elegance of the woman. 
Amazement lingered in Ashton’s eyes, while regret weighed heavily on his heart. 
He wanted to say that the dress wasn’t particularly nice and didn’t look good on her, and suggest picking another one for her. 
But such a statement was just too insincere, and he couldn’t bring himself to say it. 
The salesperson chimed in, "Mr. Ashton, the custom-made dress you ordered for Ms. Joanna really suits her. Ms. Joanna looks so beautiful in it, like a fairy." 
Indeed, she looked as lovely as a fairy. 
Only, he didn’t want anyone else to see her looking so good. 
"Well, it’s not bad," he couldn’t bring himself to say anything too disingenuous, but Ashton didn’t want to tell Joanna how stunning she truly looked in the dress either. 
With his hidden motives, the man put on an earnest face and suggested, "However, I think there might be something more suitable for you. Why don’t you take a look at some other styles?" 
At his words, the salespeople were stunned. 
They looked at him in surprise. 
Wasn’t this good enough? 
They all thought it was super gorgeous. 
Moreover, this was a custom-made dress, not something that can be exchanged for another style from a store. 
If he didn’t think it was suitable, wouldn’t that mean the several million dollars spent on the dress would go to waste?
###Chapter 1202: Chapter 1199: The Vinegar Jar is Overturned Again
Joanna Lawrence was also startled: "Isn’t this dress custom-made?" 
It should be non-refundable, right? 
"Yes." Ashton Heath tried to persuade her, "If you like this one, you can take it home. We can go to the mall and look for other styles." 
Joanna thought about the hassle that would cause. 
She loved this dress and didn’t want to pick another. 
"But I just like this one," 
She said in a whiny tone: "I think this dress is great. Ashton, it’s just a birthday dinner, don’t make it so complicated. Let’s go with this evening gown for tomorrow night. I still need to pick out a gift for Mr. White later." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Now he knew what it felt like to shoot yourself in the foot. 
His initial intention was to make sure his baby looked stunning at Gary White’s birthday banquet. 
Most of the guests that the White family invited were important figures in Closia. 
At that time, many well-bred ladies would also be there. 
Man is judged by his clothes, as Buddha is by his statue. He didn’t want his baby to be looked down upon. 
However, seeing her looking so beautiful, he began to worry about too many men noticing her at the party.
Especially the unscrupulous Gary White. 
* 
In the end, Ashton Heath could only comply with Joanna Lawrence and did not pick another evening gown. 
After leaving the Luxe Lounge, they went to a nearby mall to pick a gift for Gary White. 
After shopping for almost an hour, Joanna chose a watch for Gary White. 
This watch even upset a certain jealous man again. 
When they were checking out, Ashton Heath went to pay for it, but Joanna insisted on using her own money for the purchase. 
She thought that she wanted to give Gary White this gift by herself. 
On the way back, Ashton Heath was jealous and remained silent throughout. 
He felt that Joanna had never put so much thought into choosing a gift for him. 
For selecting Gary White’s gift, she compared different options. Moreover, she made Ashton try on every single watch. The watch she finally selected did look very nice and suited Gary White’s personality. 
However, that watch wasn’t for him. 
Ashton Heath got angry every time he thought about it. 
Even though he knew his wife only had feelings of gratitude and admiration for Gary White. 
But seeing his own wife take another man so seriously, he couldn’t help but feel jealous. 
He was usually quiet, mostly silent. 
So, Joanna didn’t realize her man was jealous again. 
Once they were home, 
Joanna just got out of the car when she received a call from Gary White. 
"Yes, Mr. White, rest assured, I will definitely arrive on time tomorrow night." 
Ashton Heath walked into the hall with her. 
The man’s face was always calm, but upon hearing Joanna call out the words "Mr. White", a frown appeared on his face. 
Once Joanna has finished the call, he immediately asked: "Who called you? Was it Gary White?" 
"Yes." Joanna was nodding. 
"What did he want?" 
"Mr. White reminded me not to forget about the birthday banquet tomorrow night." 
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but snort: "How worried does he have to be that you won’t show up tomorrow night to remind you over call?" 
He was still upset about the watch, and now he felt even more upset knowing Gary White had called. 
His tone became somewhat sarcastic.
###Chapter 1203: Chapter 1200: Imprison Her, 24 Hours of Imprisonment Every Day
Joanna: "..." 
She suddenly realized: "Ashton Heath, are you jealous again? I’ve told you before, there’s nothing between me and Mr. White. Besides, he knows that we’re together, so he can’t possibly have any thoughts about me." 
"Don’t you trust your friend?" 
"That’s hard to say." 
At first, he wasn’t so sensitive. 
But as soon as he thought of Frank Parker, his expression became a bit unpleasant. 
Joanna: "..." 
"What do you want me to do to make you completely at ease? Do you want to keep me tied to you for 24 hours, just accompanying you alone?" Joanna asked helplessly. 
Surprisingly, Ashton Heath nodded: "I have thought about it like that." 
Restraining her, 24 hours a day. 
So he could always see her. 
And no one else could touch her. 
He knew his thoughts were twisted. 
That’s why he never dared to tell her his true feelings, fearing that it would scare her. 
Joanna: "..." 
He actually admitted it! 
* 
The next day. 
Joanna didn’t wake up until the afternoon. 
Even after more than ten hours of sleep, she still felt exhausted. 
Her body was still incredibly sore. 
When she got out of bed, her feet were so weak that she could barely stand for a moment. 
Last night, Ashton Heath was too rough on her. 
He was like a man who had been celibate for 500 years, and he caught her and demanded her so fiercely that she cried and shouted all night long. When she woke up, she found that her voice had become hoarse. 
Thinking of last night’s Ashton, her legs couldn’t help but tremble. 
She swore to herself that she would never make a casual bet again. 
Especially with someone like Ashton Heath! 
Joanna got up, washed herself, and looked at the time. It wasn’t early anymore, so she was just about to call Ashton Heath to ask him when they were going to the White family when his call came in. 
Joanna answered the phone, and her voice was a bit hoarse: "Have you finished work?" 
"Yeah, get ready, I’ll pick you up in a while." 
As soon as Ashton finished, he seemed to remember something and immediately added: "Don’t make it too formal. Just dress casually for a friend’s birthday party." 
"Casual?" Joanna blinked in confusion, wondering what he meant by casual. 
"Yes, casual. The guests are all acquaintances, and everyone is casual. So you don’t need to wear elaborate makeup or do your hair. Just dress up casually." 
Joanna understood: "I got it, I can get ready in half an hour. Talk to you later then, see you later." 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna called a maid to the locker room to help her change into the dress that Ashton Heath had bought for her yesterday. 
As the maid helped her put on the evening gown, she saw the label on it and couldn’t help but be amazed in her heart. 
Mr. Ashton was so generous to Ms. Joanna. 
This private custom-made evening gown was extremely expensive. 
A seven-digit price tag. 
Although Ashton was wealthy, this amount of money was not a big deal for him. 
But not every rich man is willing to spend so much on their significant other. 
However, with a beauty like Ms. Joanna, men would probably be willing to splurge on her. 
Joanna changed into the evening gown, and remembering what Ashton had said about being casual, she opted for light makeup and pulled her hair up into a simple, loose bun with a retro style.
###Chapter 1204: Chapter 1201 - I Love It, Thank You Husband
Joanna had just finished getting ready when Ashton Heath returned. 
The bedroom door was not closed tightly, and Joanna heard the maid outside respectfully greeting him, "Mr. Ashton." 
Then, the bedroom door was pushed open. 
Joanna shifted her gaze away from the mirror on the dressing table and looked up to see Ashton Heath coming in from outside. 
The moment their eyes met, she saw amazement in his eyes. 
Ashton Heath stopped in his tracks, stared at her for a while, then walked over to her with a slight frown. 
Standing in front of her, he lowered his gaze and examined her carefully. His deep eyes narrowed slightly, "Didn’t I tell you to be casual?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She was already very casual! 
She looked at him innocently, "Even being casual, I can’t just not wear any makeup, right? That would be too disrespectful. Besides, I’m already very casual." 
Even her makeup was simple and light. 
She didn’t know how else she could be more casual. 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
He had looked carefully just now, and indeed, she was considered casual. 
Her makeup was not elaborate, just a light layer. 
Her hairstyle was not intricately designed either. 
But even with such a casual look, he still found her so beautiful that he couldn’t take his eyes off her. 
His wife was too gorgeous for her own good. 
Ashton Heath really wanted to hide her away. 
Looking at her bare neck and earlobes, Ashton Heath took out a box from the bag he was carrying. 
He handed it to her, "Open it and see if you like." 
Joanna was startled for a moment, looking at the box in his hand curiously, "What is it?" 
Ashton Heath didn’t answer, "You’ll know once you open it." 
"...Alright." 
Joanna reached out to take it and opened the box. Inside, she saw a beautiful set of jewelry. 
It was a pair of earrings and a necklace. 
The earrings featured star-shaped studs, while the necklace was a moon pendant. 
The jewelry design was not complicated, but simple and elegant. It didn’t seem very expensive either. 
But it was the style Joanna liked. 
"Do you like it?" Ashton Heath gently touched her head, taking care not to mess up her hairstyle and said softly, "On my way back, I was thinking about the jewelry you’d wear to tonight’s banquet but hadn’t picked any yet, so I went to the mall and picked a set for you." 
"I was short on time and didn’t know exactly what you like, so I just chose a set that I thought was not bad." 
"I love it, thank you, honey." 
Joanna knew she should show appreciation for the gift, so she got up, carefully tiptoed, and kissed him on the lips. 
Ashton Heath, seeing her long skirt and fearing she might fall, wrapped his arms around her waist as soon as she stood up. 
He was delighted and very satisfied with her thank-you. 
"Let me put it on for you." 
"OK." 
Joanna sat back down in front of the dressing table. Ashton Heath picked up the necklace, brushed aside a few strands of her hair, and put the necklace on her. 
Joanna then put on the earrings herself. 
She looked at her reflection in the mirror, loving the twinkling star earrings and touching them over and over again, "These jewelry pieces aren’t expensive, right? How much did they cost?" 
"Not expensive, the whole set is less than one hundred thousand." Ashton Heath put the necklace on her, looked at the beautiful girl in the mirror, and again thought of hiding her away so no one could see her. 
She was so good, so beautiful...
###Chapter 1205: Chapter 1202: Thought I Saw a Fairy Descending to Earth
He really felt a strong sense of crisis. 
For Joanna Lawrence, a set of jewelry costing a hundred thousand is considered quite expensive. 
But she was aware of Ashton Heath’s consumption habits. 
So for him, this set of jewelry was really considered quite cheap. 
Knowing that the price was not outrageously high, Joanna did not feel mentally burdened. 
She would feel stressed wearing too expensive jewelry. 
Always worrying about what to do if she lost it. 
"It’s about time, let’s go." Joanna initially didn’t plan to attend the banquet with Ashton Heath, as they were still in a relationship that hadn’t been made public at the time. 
Now that they’ve gone public, they naturally attended together. 
And there was no need to hide anymore. 
* 
The birthday banquet was held at Sun Manor. 
The guests were some of Madam White’s and Sir White’s good friends, as well as Gary White’s friends. 
Like the Heath family, the White family also lived in the suburbs. 
An hour and a half later, Joanna and Ashton arrived at the White’s residence. 
After they got out of the car, they saw that many people had already arrived. 
Yannick Luther had sharp eyes and quickly spotted them. Joanna and Ashton had just gotten out of the car when Yannick waved his hand and ran over with a smiling face. 
"Ashton, sister-in-law." 
Yannick enthusiastically greeted them. 
His long, charming peach blossom eyes casually glanced at Joanna, but when they hit her, his eyes suddenly lit up. 
His peach blossom eyes were filled with undisguised amazement, staring straight at Joanna without even blinking. 
"Wow." After looking for a moment, Yannick whistled amazedly at Joanna and sincerely praised, "Sister-in-law, you are so beautiful today. I thought I saw a fairy descending from the heavens." 
"You are so beautiful that you overshadow all other women. Aren’t you afraid of being envied?" 
Joanna was just the type that Yannick liked in terms of appearance. 
Her voice was also to his liking. 
It could be said that if Joanna hadn’t become his sister-in-law, he would definitely pursued her. 
But he knew restraint. 
Even if he liked her, once he knew there was no hope, he would let her go. 
He still had some feelings for Joanna now, but he knew Ashton’s character and didn’t dare to provoke the tiger, so he carefully hid those shallow feelings. 
Joanna was so openly praised that she was embarrassed. 
She was just about to respond modestly when she suddenly heard Yannick exclaim in pain, "Ouch!" 
His thick eyebrows knitted together, he bent down, gripping his kneecap with one hand and wailed, "Ashton, what are you doing? My leg is going to break! Ouch, it hurts so much!" 
"It serves you right," Ashton said coldly, without a shred of sympathy. "If you keep looking, a broken leg will be the least of your worries. I’ll gouge your eyes out." 
Yannick moaned and grumbled, rubbing his knee. He raised his head and looked at Ashton with a grieving expression, "Ashton, you’re too stingy. Joanna didn’t mind. Who wouldn’t want to take another look at such a beautiful fairy-like sister-in-law? I’m just having a normal reaction." 
"Besides, I was complimenting Joanna, shouldn’t you feel proud and honored?" 
"Other people want me to compliment them, but I don’t want to." 
Ashton’s gaze was cold: "Do you want to get kicked again?"
###Chapter 1206: Chapter 1203: Hmm, I’m yours
Yannick Luther immediately protected his chest with a defensive look on his face, quickly taking a step back: "Ashton, you’re not normal! What man doesn’t like others praising his wife? Having a wife who receives praise should bring anyone honor. Hmph, you’re just a freak!" 
"Yeah, I’m a freak." Ashton Heath said sarcastically, "If you keep talking, you’ll be working for the Luther Group next week. As a member of the Luther family, you’ve been living a privileged life for so many years. It’s time to make some contributions to the family." 
Yannick Luther fears nothing in heaven and earth. 
What scares him the most is the very thing Ashton Heath mentioned. 
Going to work for the Luther Group, living a tedious nine-to-five corporate life; he’d rather choose death. 
This threat was undoubtedly effective; he closed his mouth immediately, too intimidated to say another word. 
"Fine, Ashton, you’re ruthless!" After a while, Yannick Luther took a deep breath and muttered resentfully, "I just came over to say hi. There’s a beautiful woman waiting for me, and I have to go accompany her." 
"Ashton, the stingy fool, just keep sticking close to your sister-in-law. Don’t let her out of your sight." 
"Sister-in-law, I’ll make a move first. I just want to say that you look stunning today." 
After risking his life by saying this last sentence, Yannick Luther turned and swiftly left the scene.
He ran so fast that he had already covered five or six meters in the blink of an eye. 
Joanna Lawrence held back a laugh, looking in the direction where Yannick Luther ran. She indeed saw a beautiful, sexy woman in a red dress waiting for him. 
This woman seemed to be a new face again. 
It seemed that every time she saw Yannick Luther, there was a different woman by his side. 
So true to the saying that he changes women as often as he changes clothes. 
Thinking about how Ashton Heath had been good friends with Yannick Luther for so many years and hadn’t been influenced by him, remaining chaste for over twenty years, was quite incredible. 
Looking at Ashton Heath now, she saw him as a rare, unblemished white lotus flower emerging from the mud. 
This precious and rare white lotus flower was fortunate enough to be picked by her. 
Ashton Heath was outstanding in both his looks and temperament, always the center of attention wherever he went. 
Joanna Lawrence had already felt the gazes of the surrounding men falling on them. 
She couldn’t help but tighten her grip on her husband’s arm. Since this white lotus flower had been picked by her and now belonged to her, she wouldn’t give others a chance to steal him away. 
She would protect him! 
Ashton Heath sensed the change in her emotions and lowered his head for a concerned look. "What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?" 
"No." Joanna lifted her face to stare at the man’s three-dimensional handsome features, her grip tightening on his arm, appearing to claim ownership solemnly and earnestly, "Ashton Heath, you are my man." 
Ashton Heath was taken aback and then smiled, eyes filled with laughter. 
Although he didn’t know why she suddenly said that, he still nodded in agreement, his gaze focused and affectionate: "Yes, I’m yours." 
This answer made Joanna very satisfied. 
She also revealed a smile, "So even if there are many attractive and outstanding women who like you, you’re not allowed to have any thoughts." 
At Gary White’s birthday party, there were bound to be many well-bred ladies attending. 
Joanna had already spotted several.
###Chapter 1207: Chapter 1204: Joanna Lawrence is Already Taken
Although she didn’t recognize the women, she could guess by their appearance and demeanor that they were all well-bred ladies. 
What’s more, she noticed. 
From Ashton Heath getting out of the car to now, those well-bred ladies had been glancing at them several times. 
Her husband was so outstanding and so popular with the opposite sex that she sometimes felt insecure. 
Ashton Heath listened to her, smiled lightly, glanced around, but didn’t see anything, and finally his tender, indulgent gaze fell back on her face: "Beautiful and outstanding women? Where are these women you’re talking about? Apart from you, I don’t see any." 
"Besides, other than you, who else could I be interested in? You alone fill my heart, baby, where is there room for anyone else?" 
Joanna Lawrence was teased by her husband for the 101st time, her heart pounding. 
Her heart was wrapped in honey, sweet and delightful.
No wonder women like to hear sweet nothings. 
No wonder some men can spoil women even if they don’t meet other standards, they will still have women who are willing to follow them. 
Because nice words really make people feel very happy. 
"Ashton, Joanna." 
Gary White came out to greet the guests and saw Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath, so he walked over to them. 
Today was his birthday and he seemed to be in a good mood, with laughter in his eyebrows and the corners of his eyes. 
"Mr. White, happy birthday." 
Joanna looked at the birthday star in front of her and handed over the box in her hand: "I picked out this birthday present for Mr. White, I hope Mr. White will like it." 
Gary White took it right away. 
He looked down, then looked up, grinning: "Did Joanna pick this gift herself?" 
"Yes, I picked it myself," Joanna emphasized, "This is a birthday gift I’m giving to Mr. White alone. Thank you for taking care of me and promoting me, I will definitely act well in your TV series so as not to let you down!" 
After saying this, Joanna passed another box, pursing her lips and smiling: "This gift is a token of appreciation from both Ashton and me. We wish Mr. White’s future dramas to become even better, attract more and more people to like your TV series, and also wish Mr. White more and more handsome, with more and more people liking you. In short, we hope everything gets better and better for you!" 
Gary White glanced at a certain displeased person and deepened the corner of his lips, his face filled with even more pleasure. 
He accepted the gift and looked at Joanna up and down before laughing: "Mr. White also hopes you get better and better. You look great and beautiful today. If it weren’t for Ashton seizing you so quickly, there would be quite a few young talents competing for you at tonight’s banquet." 
"So, remind your young and talented friends." Ashton Heath’s long arm stretched out, possessively wrapping around Joanna Lawrence’s soft waist, "Joanna is already taken, so they shouldn’t be thinking about things they shouldn’t think about." 
Gary White snorted lightly: "With you by Joanna’s side, who would dare have any thoughts? It’s better for you to worry about yourself instead." 
As Gary White said this, he turned his head and glanced in a certain direction, his voice somewhat gleeful: "Your old acquaintance will also be coming tonight. However, she wasn’t invited by me, she was invited by my mom."
###Chapter 1208: Chapter 1205: No One Can Bully You
Ashton Heath’s face instantly turned colder, and he looked sharply at Gary White. 
Gary White spread his hands innocently, "I didn’t invite her. I have nothing to do with her and have never thought of inviting her. She’s been getting along well with my mom recently, and my mom wants her to come, so I can’t say no." 
"If you don’t talk, no one will think you’re mute." 
"I’m just giving you a heads-up and a preventive shot," Gary White still wore an innocent expression. He turned to look at Joanna Lawrence, habitually touching her head, ignoring the murderous gaze from someone. He smiled and said, "Joanna, remember, you are the main character, so no matter what other women do, you should show your central role’s momentum. There are so many people here to protect you tonight, no one can bully you, understand?" 
Thinking of Rebecca Kelloway, a trace of gloom flickered in Gary White’s eyes. 
He didn’t agree to what Rebecca Kelloway had said to him that time. 
That woman probably wouldn’t give up easily. 
Gary White was worried that she would make trouble tonight. 
Joanna Lawrence quickly guessed who Gary White was referring to as the old acquaintance. 
She was not surprised. 
Because she had already guessed that Rebecca Kelloway would come to an occasion like tonight. 
Did Gary White remind her like this because he was afraid that she would feel wronged by Rebecca Kelloway’s arrival? 
So he specifically explained that Rebecca Kelloway was not invited by him. 
No matter what he thought, this gesture also warmed Joanna Lawrence’s heart. 
"Mr. White, don’t worry, I know what to do. With your words, I’m not afraid of anything." 
Looking at the well-behaved girl, Gary White thought of what Madame White said about the possibility, and his gaze became even softer. 
If she really was his sister. 
Then this was definitely the best birthday gift he had ever received. 
A birthday gift that he would cherish for a lifetime. 
He genuinely liked Joanna Lawrence and truly hoped that she could be his sister. 
Even if he thought the possibility was not very high. 
However, even if there was a one percent chance, he had to find out. 
Of course, Ashton Heath didn’t know Gary White’s inner thoughts about Joanna Lawrence. 
Nor did he think that the White family had already placed their hope of finding their daughter upon Joanna Lawrence. 
He only saw that Gary White treated Joanna differently from other girls. 
This difference seemed like admiration from a man to a woman in his eyes.
Seeing that Gary White’s hand still hadn’t left Joanna’s head, Ashton Heath’s entire body was covered with a layer of cold, wanting to go up and cut Gary White’s hand off. 
What bothered him even more was that Joanna even allowed Gary White to do this. 
She didn’t show any unwillingness for his behavior, and it could be seen from their interactions that this was not the first time Gary White had done this. 
As Ashton thought about this, his face darkened. 
"By the way, Joanna, my mom heard that you were coming today and wanted to meet you," Gary White, ignoring a certain person with a dark face, continued talking to Joanna Lawrence. "Shall I take you to meet her now?" 
Joanna Lawrence opened her mouth, about to speak, when she heard a gentle woman’s voice coming from behind Gary White, "Isn’t this the young master Ashton Heath of the Heath family? Oh, who’s this beautiful young lady next to you? Is she your girlfriend?" 
The man with a cold face and icy aura immediately restrained himself when he saw the person coming from behind Gary White. He politely called out, "Madam White."
###Chapter 1209: Chapter 1206: Is your daughter’s birthday on February 14th?
Then he proudly introduced Joanna Lawrence’s identity: "Madam White guessed it right, this is my girlfriend, her name is Joanna Lawrence. Joanna, this is Frank’s mother, you can call her Madam White just like me." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at the elegant and gentle woman in front of her and obediently greeted, "Madam White." 
"Are you Joanna?" 
Madam White’s eyes lit up instantly, and she immediately gave Joanna Lawrence a careful look from top to bottom. With joy in her eyes, she said, "I have heard about you from Frank. He said there is an actress in the film crew who looks a lot like our Cecilia when she was a child." 
While Madam White was speaking, she gave Joanna Lawrence another careful look, and the joy in her eyes wasn’t hidden at all. 
From that look, it was clear that she really liked Joanna Lawrence. 
"Frank was right, you really do look like Cecilia." 
"Cecilia?" 
Joanna Lawrence looked confused and asked, "Madam White, whom are you talking about?" 
"My daughter," Madam White said tenderly. "Because she was born in February, we gave her the nickname, Cecilia. I heard from Frank that you were also born in February, weren’t you, Joanna?" 
Madam White had seen Joanna Lawrence’s photos before, and even then, she had noticed a resemblance. 
Now that she saw her in person, she was even more convinced. Joanna Lawrence’s eyes and brows looked just like those of her daughter when she was young. 
Even when she sent Cecilia away, Cecilia was still just a baby who hadn’t fully grown. 
But she just felt the resemblance. 
The similarity was there everywhere. 
Another reason why Madam White increasingly felt that Joanna Lawrence was like her daughter was that she just loved Joanna Lawrence the moment she saw her. 
This affection was a feeling she couldn’t quite explain. 
She thought the Kelloway family’s daughter was also nice, she liked her too. 
But the affection she had for her was different from what she felt for Joanna Lawrence. 
No matter how good someone else’s daughter is, she couldn’t be better than her own. 
Joanna Lawrence had heard Gary White say before that she looked like his sister. 
The moment Joanna Lawrence saw Madam White, she knew Gary White hadn’t lied to her. 
She didn’t look like Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence, nor Mrs. Rose Lawrence, but she mysteriously had some resemblance to the Madam White in front of her. 
Perhaps for this reason, Joanna Lawrence had an inexplicable affection for Madam White. With a smile, she nodded and said, "Yes, I was born in February." 
"What day is your birthday? Our Cecilia was born on February 14. If you share the same date of birth, that would truly be a coincidence." 
Joanna Lawrence was startled. 
A trace of surprise appeared in her eyes, "Madam White, is your daughter’s birthday on February 14?" 
"Yes, her pet name was also based on her birthday." 
Now Joanna Lawrence too felt she had quite a connection with Miss White. 
The resemblance, the same age, even the date of birth was the same. 
This was too much of a coincidence! 
She couldn’t help but feel excited, "I was also born on February 14." 
"You also?!" In truth, Madam White already knew when Joanna Lawrence was born, she was asking now only to reaffirm. 
She trusted her intuition.
The inexplicable affection she felt for Joanna Lawrence the moment she saw her might just be because of blood relations. 
"You and our Cecilia really have a strong bond." Madam White couldn’t help but reach out and take Joanna Lawrence’s hand. As she looked at the delicate and beautiful face of the girl in front of her, the more she looked, the happier and fonder she became.
###Chapter 1210: Chapter 1207: If Only You Were My Daughter
Cecilia was naturally beautiful since birth, with a plump and tender white skin. 
Her features are bold and well-defined. 
Unlike other children who look wrinkled when they’re born, with eyebrows and eyes that haven’t fully formed, resembling little old men. 
At that time, she knew that her Cecilia would definitely be very beautiful when she grew up, and countless boys would chase after her. 
Madam White thought that her daughter would grow up looking like Joanna Lawrence. 
She would be incredibly beautiful, adorable, and a lovable little girl. 
Although it was not yet confirmed whether Joanna was her daughter or not, Madam White had secretly treated her as if she were half her daughter. 
She held her hand and was reluctant to let go. 
"Joanna, I took a liking to you as soon as I saw you. Do you think this is what they call love at first sight? Later, Ashton will be with his friend, so if you get bored, just stay with me. Anyway, you don’t need to be reserved here, just act as if you are at home." 
"By the way, you guys didn’t have dinner before coming, right? Are you hungry or thirsty now? Is there anything you want to eat? You look so thin; do you usually eat very little or have a poor appetite?" 
"If there’s anything you want to eat, just tell me, and I’ll have someone prepare it for you." 
"You don’t have to be polite in front of me, alright?" 
Madam White was afraid that Joanna might be hungry and too shy to speak up, so she proactively brought it up. 
Her hospitality was a bit too enthusiastic. 
So enthusiastic that Joanna couldn’t quite handle it, she looked helplessly at Gary White. 
She thought that these wealthy family’s noble madams would have some airs about them. 
Unexpectedly, Madam White not only had no airs, but was also as cordial as a real aunt. 
"Mom." Gary White also felt that his mother’s enthusiasm was a bit excessive. Although he understood her actions and feelings, wouldn’t this scare Joanna? 
He smiled and pulled Madam White away, "Even if you like Joanna, can you restrain yourself a bit? You’re scaring her." 
After being pulled away, Madam White saw Joanna’s helpless look, and her excited mood calmed down a bit. She thought that she might have been too passionate just now. 
Unintentionally, she didn’t hold back.
She was afraid that Joanna would really be scared, and she didn’t dare to be too enthusiastic anymore. She suppressed her inner excitement and said, "Joanna, don’t be afraid. I just like you very much. I think we have a strong connection. That’s why I got a little too excited." 
"No, I’m not scared," Joanna said hurriedly. "You like me and care for me, that’s why you said those words. How could I be scared? Besides, I like you too, Madam White." 
"Really?" 
As soon as she heard Joanna’s words, Madam White became excited again, her eyes sparkling, "You like me too?" 
"Yes." Joanna nodded. 
She thought that Madam White is very approachable. 
There was no trace of a wealthy family’s noble madam’s airs. 
And she was so fond of her, how could she not like such an elder? 
She knew that Gary White was a very good person. 
His mother must be a very good person as well. 
"That’s the happiest thing I’ve heard today." Madam White said with a beaming smile, inadvertently revealing her inner thoughts, "Ah, I really like you more and more. If only you were my daughter."
###Chapter 1211: Chapter 1208: He’s a Taken Man, Right?
As soon as she said this, everyone paused for a moment. 
"Ahem, Mom, shouldn’t you go greet the other guests? Your best friends are here." Frank felt that if Madam White continued talking with Joanna for a while, there was no telling what she might reveal. 
At this point, it was still uncertain whether Joanna was truly a part of the White family or not, and yet she was already acting this way. 
If it were confirmed, Frank could easily imagine that his mother would become a doting parent who spoiled her daughter endlessly. 
After seeing Joanna, Madam White’s entire focus shifted to her. 
She completely forgot about her best friends. 
Only when her son mentioned it did she remember her best friends’ group. 
She turned her head to look and, sure enough, saw all her usual close friends had arrived. 
As the hostess, she had to entertain them. 
Madam White looked at Joanna reluctantly and said, "Joanna, Madam White will leave for a while. I’ll come back to talk to you later. If you’re hungry, go to the hall early; there’s some food there for you to fill your stomach. In any case, if there’s anything you need, just tell Frank and don’t be polite with him, understand?" 
Joanna nodded obediently, "Madam White, I understand." 
Seeing how well-behaved Joanna was, Madam White became even more reluctant to leave, not even wanting to be away for a second. 
But her best friends were calling her from the other side, so she could only leave with a look of reluctance, "Then, Madam White will go attend to things first." 
As Madam White’s figure disappeared, Ashton Heath sensed something unusual. 
It wasn’t his first time at the White residence. 
He had never seen Madam White take such a liking to a girl before. 
Although Madam White was indeed an approachable and easygoing person, he had never seen her be so enthusiastic and caring towards other girls. 
And she had just asked Joanna about her date and time of birth. 
She also said that Joanna caught her eye. 
If Ashton hadn’t attended the party with Joanna, he would have certainly thought that Madam White was eyeing Joanna as her daughter-in-law. 
But now Madam White knew that Joanna was his girlfriend, so even if she liked her, it wouldn’t be possible for her to have this kind of intention. 
So, the remaining possibility... 
Ashton’s eyes flashed, and when he looked at Frank again, the animosity in his eyes had greatly diminished. 
He thought that he should ask Frank about this matter later on. 
If Madam White was treating Joanna differently because of the reason he suspected, then it would be understandable. 
If not... 
* 
Joanna followed Ashton into the hall. 
This time, the White family had invited only a few guests, all of whom were familiar friends. The venue was filled with attractive men and women, all dressed up in their best outfits. 
Some were there to attend the party, while others wanted to meet new people through this event. 
Ashton had only recently returned to the country, and since he rarely appeared in the public media, both insiders and outsiders knew very little about him. 
However, both he and Joanna were personally received and escorted into the hall by Frank himself, so even if the attendees didn’t know his identity, they could guess that he was someone of great importance. 
Moreover, both he and Joanna were exceptionally attractive, so as soon as the couple entered the hall, they caught the attention of many people. 
"Who is that guy? Do you know him? He’s so handsome." 
"He looks unfamiliar; I don’t know him. Did you not see the woman beside him? He must already have a partner." 
"She’s just his female companion; it doesn’t necessarily mean he’s taken. How about we ask later?"
###Chapter 1212: Chapter 1209: Isn’t That Annie Lawrence?
Oh my, this man looks stunning. I thought Mr. White and Mr. Luther were top-notch, but there are actually higher-quality men." 
"Speaking of quality, have you forgotten Young Master Brandon of the Heath family? He’s a true gem on the face of the earth. Do you think Brandon Heath will attend the banquet tonight? I came here just for him." 
"Brandon Heath? I’d advise you to give it up. Though he is indeed top-notch, he and his rumored androphobic brother both show scant interest in women. He is almost thirty this year, and I heard he has never had a girlfriend." 
"The Heath brothers both seem to have sworn off women. What a waste of their good looks given by God." 
"What do you guys know? It’s precisely such men who are more interesting. Wouldn’t it feel like a great accomplishment if you could win them over?" 
"Get real; I’d rather not choose to be a masochist. Have you not heard that Ms. Rebecca has been crazy about Mr. Ashton for over twenty years, adopting an all-or-nothing attitude? Yet, he has still not accepted her. If she can’t get him, who can? I think Mr. Ashton doesn’t really have androphobia." 
"No androphobia? Then why doesn’t he have any women around him?" 
"It’s possible he is not interested in women but fairly attracted to men. Otherwise, wouldn’t Ms. Rebecca, in spite of all her advantages, be able to successfully pursue him after over twenty years’ effort? No normal man would be able to resist such a beautiful and accomplished woman." 
"Well, that’s a point. So, it seems pretty tragic for Ms. Rebecca, doesn’t it? Falling in love with a gay."
"Shh, lower your voices. Speak of the devil, and he is sure to appear. Here comes Ms. Rebecca." 
A few well-bred ladies who were gossiping all looked up, their eyes directed towards the entrance. 
They saw Rebecca Kelloway, dressed in a striking red dress, stride confidently into the room. 
Her red dress was very noticeable, drawing the attention of everyone in the hall the moment she appeared. 
Rebecca Kelloway was exquisitely dressed today. 
Her entire look, whether her makeup or outfit, was flawlessly impeccable. 
In upper-class society, Ms. Rebecca is reputed to be a great beauty, she once held the title of ’number one beauty of the wealthy circle’. 
Her exceptional beauty, prominent lineage, education, and talent set her apart from other well-bred ladies. 
Wherever Ms. Rebecca shows up, she is always the center of attention. 
No other woman can steal her limelight. 
However, today seems to be a little different. 
Ms. Rebecca is naturally still very beautiful, her appearance is still breathtaking. 
But today, she can’t be the main attraction anymore, her aura is not the strongest. 
Someone has overshadowed her. 
A young girl who is even prettier than her. 
Women are always compared with each other. I wonder how Ms. Rebecca must feel after finding a young girl who has stolen her limelight. 
For a moment, everyone couldn’t help but look at Rebecca with anticipation of some drama. 
"Hey, who’s that woman next to Ms. Rebecca? She seems unfamiliar." 
"I feel like she looks a bit familiar as if I’ve seen her somewhere before. Ah, I remember now; isn’t that Annie Lawrence, the actress who used to date the young master of Benington Group?" 
"Annie Lawrence? Doesn’t Ms. Rebecca usually look down on people in the entertainment industry? How does she know her? They’re even attending the banquet together tonight. They seem to get along well."
###Chapter 1213: Chapter 1210: This is a Bit Too Biased
Everyone else saw Rebecca Kelloway and Annie Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence naturally saw them too. 
Seeing Annie and Rebecca walking in arm in arm, the closeness like that of good sisters, Joanna felt more surprised than anyone else at the party. 
Annie, Rebecca... 
How did they get to know each other? 
Ashton Heath’s gaze stayed briefly on Rebecca’s figure for a moment, then swiftly moved to Annie, who walked in with her. His brows furrowed and a flicker of coldness flashed in his eyes. 
Ashton and Rebecca have known each other for more than 20 years. 
Even if he didn’t pay much attention to her, he still had a certain understanding of her. 
Rebecca appeared to be easy-going, with no airs around anyone, a wealthy young lady with her feet firmly on the ground, as others said. 
But in reality, she was profoundly proud at her core. 
She would disdain to know and associate with high-class people like Annie. 
He had never seen these two interact before, yet they suddenly appeared together tonight. 
Ashton Heath clutched the person beside him tighter, his eyes sinking deep. 
No matter what their purpose was, he wouldn’t let them hurt Joanna again. 
Rebecca, leading Annie, walked straight up to Gary White. 
Seeing Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence standing next to Gary, her eyes flickered, her gaze fell on the silver-grey starlight dress Joanna wore and the set of jewelry she had on. Rebecca clenched her fingers, a flicker of jealousy flashing in her eyes. 
Looking at Joanna’s face, even with light makeup, still breathtakingly beautiful, the jealousy in her eyes grew stronger. 
The Star&Moon Guardian jewelry set she was wearing costs over10 million dollars. 
It’s designed by a very famous international jewelry designer. 
It had a limited release worldwide. 
She had been eager to reserve this set of jewelry before but was told it had been sold out. 
However, the piece she hadn’t been able to buy was now appearing on Joanna Lawrence. 
How could she tolerate that? 
Another person burning with jealousy was Annie Lawrence. 
Ever since she guessed that Ashton might be the President of the Heath Group, her heart had been restless. 
The discovery of Joanna’s true identity as the daughter of the White family drove her nearly mad with jealousy. 
She was disgruntled. 
Why should all good things go to Joanna who’s mean. 
Not only does she have a handsome, rich boyfriend who is very good to her, but even her biological parents who left her behind are now respectable and prominent figures. 
They had grown up together. 
Initially, Joanna was just a helpless orphan, a bastard. 
Originally, she had thought her advantage was in her background. 
But now she realized that her status and Joanna’s were worlds apart. 
She didn’t even have the capital to compete with Joanna. 
She had schemed to snatch David Benington from Joanna, suppressed her everywhere so that she couldn’t rise in the entertainment circle. She had thought that she was the winner. 
She had thought that Joanna would always be under her feet, unable to turn over. 
But then, Joanna found someone better than David, making her years of planning and self-declared victory a joke. 
Now, the investigation revealed that Joanna’s true identity is the daughter of the White family. 
God was favoring Joanna too much. 
Annie Lawrence looked at the man in front of her, dressed in a suit, with outstanding temperament and unparalleled handsome looks. The flame of jealousy in her heart burned even more fiercely.
###Chapter 1214: Chapter 1211: So These Two Are Sisters, Joanna
How did such a god-like, top-notch man end up with this little wench? 
Looking at Joanna Lawrence’s outfit, Annie Lawrence’s inner imbalance and jealousy almost couldn’t be concealed and almost spilled out in public. 
People rely on clothes, and Buddhas rely on gold. 
This little wench has now latched onto a golden thigh, and her attire has improved by who knows how many levels. 
She no longer has that poor look she used to have. 
Annie has also dressed up meticulously today. 
But when compared to Joanna, she seemed completely overshadowed. 
One is elegant, pretty, and well-bred; the other has the air of a small family’s daughter. 
Standing in front of Joanna, she is like the green leaves accompanying the red flowers. When the two stand together, everyone’s eyes are focused on Joanna. 
Jealousy and dissatisfaction flashed in Annie’s eyes, biting her lip and forcing a smile: "Joanna, so you’re here for tonight’s banquet too." 
With this shout, the crowd realized that the two were sisters. 
However, the younger sister was way worse than the older one. 
Joanna is as beautiful as a swan while the younger sister... 
It’s not that she’s not good-looking, it’s just that when compared to Joanna, the younger sister seems very ordinary. 
If Joanna is a stunning great beauty, then the younger sister is just an ordinary beauty. 
There is more than one level between the two. 
Joanna ignored her for addressing her as "sister" and looked at her coldly: "No, I can’t bear the title of sister. Annie Lawrence, let’s just call each other by our names, that way we’ll both be more comfortable." 
That faint smile on Annie’s lips froze. 
She had not expected that Joanna would humiliate her in public like this. 
Anger surged in her eyes, but she couldn’t vent it. She clenched her fists and forced a smile: "It seems that my sister is still angry with me, so she is speaking harshly." 
Joanna stared expressionlessly at her. 
If it was any other time, she would have snapped back at Annie long ago. 
But today is Gary White’s birthday banquet. 
Joanna didn’t want to ruin the atmosphere at such an event, so she didn’t bother with Annie anymore. 
However, Gary White looked coldly at Annie and said with disgust, "Ms. Kelloway, who is this young lady next to you? I don’t recall inviting her." 
Annie’s face changed slightly when she met Gary White’s cold and disdainful gaze. 
She took a deep breath, bit her lip, and said with an awkward smile: "Director White, hello, I am the former Galaxy Agency actress Annie Lawrence. I have always admired your works and admire you very much. I think you are exceptionally talented. Director White has never invited me, but I found out that you were having a birthday banquet tonight, so I begged Ms. Kelloway to bring me along." 
"Mr. White, Annie is my friend. She told me how much she likes you, admires you, and wants to attend tonight’s birthday banquet, so I..." Rebecca Kelloway smiled gently and said, "I thought that if I brought a friend, Mr. White wouldn’t mind, so I didn’t tell Mr. White beforehand. This was my oversight. Blame me if you must, but Annie knew nothing about it." 
Rebecca Kelloway looked like she was really protecting her best friend, and it seemed that Annie and Rebecca truly had a deep sisterly bond.
###Chapter 1215: Chapter 1212: So Angry That They’re Almost Vomiting Blood
However, Gary White didn’t seem to be very impressed. After hearing Rebecca Kelloway’s words, he squinted and didn’t respond. 
Rebecca’s face gradually changed. 
Just as she was feeling embarrassed, a voice timely spoke up, giving her a way out: "Oh, Rebecca is here." 
The speaker was Madam White. 
She walked over from behind, took Rebecca’s hand, and sized her up. Smiling, she said, "Rebecca, you look so beautiful tonight. This red dress is gorgeous." 
Thanks to Madam White’s timely intervention, Rebecca’s expression finally eased. 
She also held Madam White’s hand, showing a gentle smile on her lips: "Thank you for the compliment, Madam White. You look beautiful tonight as well. No one could wear this Sheath Dress better than you." 
Madam White was pleased by her flattery, smiling graciously, "You sweet talker, you know how to win people over." 
Rebecca immediately took on the posture of a daughter, "Not at all, I’m just telling the truth. If Madam White doesn’t believe me, you can ask Mr. White." 
"Alright, alright, I believe you," Madam White said, smiling amiably as they continued their conversation. Then, turning her head and noticing Annie, she casually asked, "Rebecca, is this your friend?" 
When Annie saw Madam White paying attention to her, her eyes revealed deep excitement, and her face immediately filled with a welcoming smile, enthusiastically introducing herself: "Madam White, hello, my name is Annie Lawrence, and I’m Rebecca’s friend." 
Madam White had previously investigated Joanna Lawrence’s background. 
In the process, of course, she also found out that she and her stepmother and stepsister had a poor relationship. 
Not only had her fiancé been taken away by her stepsister, but she was also constantly suppressed by her stepsister in their social circle. 
As a result, in her two years of being in the entertainment industry, she could only do minor roles and accept some unimportant characters. 
Both her personal and professional lives, she never really took off. 
Knowing all this, Madam White genuinely disliked Annie. 
Therefore, facing Annie’s eager introduction, Madam White reacted indifferently, and after a mere acknowledgement, she turned her head and spoke to other people. 
Annie’s smile immediately froze. 
Madam White’s contempt was undisguised. 
That single "acknowledgment" was nothing more than perfunctory. 
It appeared that she didn’t want to talk with her anymore and had no interest in getting to know who she really was. 
However, upon turning her gaze to Joanna, Madam White’s tone and attitude changed dramatically. 
Not only did her face break into a smile, but her voice also turned gentle and soft, completely different from her attitude towards Annie. 
Annie was infuriated to the point that she almost vomited blood. 
Her face turned pale and flushed, feeling humiliated to the core. 
Especially when she saw Madam White’s tone and demeanor while speaking with Joanna, she clenched her fists so tightly that her nails almost broke. 
It was clear that Madam White liked Joanna very much. 
And this was without knowing that Joanna was her biological daughter. 
If she found out... 
Annie could imagine how cherished Joanna would be in the White family in the future. 
She would be able to get whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted it. 
With the identity of the daughter of the White family and the love of their family, wouldn’t she be able to easily obtain anything she desired in the future? 
Even now, although she dates a man of high social status, she was not necessarily guaranteed to marry into a wealthy family. 
Because after all, she didn’t have an equal status. 
However, once she had the identity of the daughter of the White family... 
All the unmarried talented young men in the upper-class social circle would be at her disposal to choose from.
###Chapter 1216: Chapter 1213: This Relationship, It’s Obvious at One Glance
What lay before her was a smooth sailing path without any setbacks. 
Her future life would certainly be a dazzling one that everyone would envy. 
But... 
Annie Lawrence bit her lip, a flash of gloom and resentment quickly flickering in her eyes, 
She won’t let any of this happen. 
Absolutely not! 
So what if Joanna Lawrence is the real swan? 
In this life, she shouldn’t even dream of having a day as a swan. 
It seemed that she was favored by God, and everything was good for her. 
But Annie Lawrence felt that the person most favored by God was still herself. 
She didn’t have a great upbringing, and she lost to Joanna Lawrence at the starting line. 
But she had the help of influential people. 
What she didn’t have, she could eventually snatch and turn into hers. 
Like David Benington, and the identity of Joanna Lawrence, the daughter of the White family. 
The thought that her identity would change drastically after tonight made Annie Lawrence uncontrollably excited. 
After tonight, she would no longer be an ordinary Lawrence family girl. 
She would become the envied daughter of the White family, and her future days would be full of glory. 
At that time, what would Joanna Lawrence amount to? 
So what if Gary White and Madam White liked her a lot now? 
At that time, Gary White would become her own brother, and Madam White would become her mother. 
She didn’t believe that they could be better to Joanna Lawrence than to her. 
"Alright, don’t stand at the door." Madam White glanced at the time and said, "Frank, the banquet is about to begin officially. You go up on stage first and say a few words to the guests. I’ll take care of Joanna and the others." 
Gary White nodded and walked into the hall. 
Madam White took Joanna’s hand and said, "Joanna, let’s go in, too. Just now, Madam White asked the kitchen to prepare some food for you. Shall I take you there to have some now?" 
After saying that, she looked at Ashton Heath and said, "Ashton, you don’t mind me taking Joanna away for a while, do you? Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of her and return her to you soon." 
Ashton Heath’s gaze deeply met Madam White’s. 
He had suspicions about something after it happened, and he felt that Madam White taking Joanna away was definitely not as simple as taking her to eat. 
But Madam White had already spoken, and it was such a small matter that he couldn’t possibly refuse. 
He wasn’t worried about Madam White doing anything to Joanna. 
"Since Madam White cares about her, I have no reason to ." Ashton Heath said as he reached out to ruffle Joanna’s hair gently, "Then you go with Madam White and have some food first." 
Joanna was indeed hungry, and Madam White invited her warmly. She nodded and said, "Okay." 
Seeing her agree, Madam White was obviously very happy, her eyes brimming with joy and affection. "Come, good girl, go with Madam White." 
While Madam White and Joanna were talking, they both forgot that Rebecca Kelloway was also standing beside them. 
She led Joanna two steps away before suddenly remembering and turning her head with a beaming smile, "Rebecca, don’t be polite, if you’re hungry, go to the dining area in the hall to fill your stomach first." 
Rebecca’s smile was a bit stiff, "Alright." 
Madam White told her to go to the hall to eat, but she took Joanna to the kitchen to eat instead. 
The difference in closeness was apparent at a glance. 
Madam White had previously shown great affection for her and treated her with great intimacy, as if she were her own daughter.
###Chapter 1217: Chapter 1214: Does He Really Hate Her That Much?
But when compared to Joanna, it became clear who White Madam was closer to. 
After hastily greeting Rebecca, White Madam turned and walked with Joanna in another direction. 
Rebecca knew that they were the real mother and daughter, so as she watched their retreating figures, she clenched her fists, her eyes growing cold.
Was it really mother-daughter nature? 
White Madam didn’t know Joanna was her daughter now. 
But when she spoke with Joanna just now, the natural maternal love that emerged perhaps went unnoticed even by herself. 
Rebecca felt once again that under no circumstances could she let Joanna regain her identity. 
Otherwise, there would be no possibility between her and Ashton Heath. 
The Kelloway family was facing an economic crisis and was gradually declining. 
Although they kept it a secret, not many people had found out yet. 
But one day, they would not be able to hide it any longer. 
If she wanted to save the Kelloway family and win Ashton’s love, she must find a way to marry Ashton as soon as possible. 
But before that... 
She needed to find a way to eliminate the stumbling block that was Joanna. 
Rebecca’s eyes landed on Annie, who also had a jealous look on her face. Her eyes narrowed, revealing a hint of calculation. 
With the foolish Annie around, all her plans could go much more smoothly. 
Eventually, she could get rid of both Joanna and Annie. 
In this way, she would no longer have any future troubles. 
After Joanna left, Ashton also prepared to leave. 
"Ashton." 
Seeing him about to leave, Rebecca hurriedly called out to stop him. 
"Ashton, are you still mad at me? Can’t you forgive me?" Rebecca couldn’t stand his coldness towards her. 
He said that they would become strangers if they met again. 
He really did it. 
But she couldn’t do it. 
She still had him in her heart and couldn’t bear him treating her like this. 
Now he wouldn’t even give her a single glance. 
Did he really hate her that much? 
Ashton paused for a moment, and the next second, continued walking forward as if he hadn’t heard anything. 
This time, no matter how Rebecca called him, he didn’t stop again. 
Watching his decisive departure, Rebecca bit her lip, her eyes misted with tears, and her eyes welled up with redness. 
More than twenty years of company, more than twenty years of sincere giving, more than twenty years of waiting. 
Was this the result? 
Did he really hate her so much?> 
Just because she had someone attack Joanna online, he could ignore their more than twenty years of relationship and break up with her. 
His heart was really merciless. 
She had stubbornly tried to warm his stone heart for more than twenty years but couldn’t. 
Looking back now, Rebecca felt that her more than twenty years of one-sided devotion had become a joke. 
What stupid idea was it that sincerity could break through any barriers? She had persisted for so many years but couldn’t even win his slightest affection. 
He never even showed the basic emotion - being moved. 
She was foolish for more than twenty years, only now seeing everything clearly, and vowed never to make the same mistake again. 
She no longer needed his response. 
For her now, as long as she could have him, it was enough. 
As for whether he had her in his heart, she wouldn’t care as much as she did before. 
"Ms. Kelloway." Seeing Rebecca’s downcast appearance, Annie became more certain of Ashton’s identity. 
It’s been said that Ms. Rebecca has been in love with Mr. Ashton for many years, and it’s a one-sided secret crush.
###Chapter 1218: Chapter 1215: Alright, shut up now
Who else could make Rebecca Kelloway, such a proud person, show such an expression, if not Young Master Ashton Heath? 
Moreover, that man also has the surname Heath... 
Even though Annie felt that she had already guessed the true identity of the mysterious man, with a high degree of certainty, she still wanted to confirm it with Rebecca Kelloway. 
Deep down, she still didn’t want to believe that Joanna could be so lucky. 
It was rumored that Young Master Ashton Heath, who distanced himself from women and even had androphobia, would become her boyfriend and treat her so tenderly. 
"Ms. Kelloway, is the person just now... the Young Master of the Heath family? The one who took over the Heath Group soon after returning to the country, becoming the youngest CEO in Heath Group’s history?" Annie clenched her fingers, asked this question, and then anxiously waited for Rebecca’s answer. 
Rebecca withdrew her gloomy gaze and faintly responded with a "yes." 
It was really him... 
Annie clenched her fingers tightly. At this moment, the jealousy inside her was like a fire ignited by the wind, growing larger and larger. The raging flames almost devoured all of her rationality and composure. 
But even if she tried her best to control it, her face still appeared twisted and hideous due to jealousy. 
Her looks were only a six out of ten, with the rest being maintained through various packaging. 
When her jealous face was exposed, she couldn’t even maintain her original six points. 
Instead, she looked extremely ugly. 
"But... wasn’t it said that Young Master Ashton Heath doesn’t get close to women? How could he be together with Joanna..." Annie had just spoken halfway when she saw Rebecca’s face darken instantly and quickly stopped. 
If Rebecca had really been secretly in love with Ashton Heath for many years. 
Seeing that little bitch Joanna appearing so lovingly with Ashton, she must have felt enraged and heartbroken inside. 
She shouldn’t have mentioned that little bitch at a time like this. 
Annie was afraid that Rebecca would be annoyed with her and even more afraid that something unexpected would happen to her becoming the daughter of the White family. She immediately apologized to Rebecca: "Ms. Kelloway, I didn’t mean to bring up that little bitch in front of you. I just think that she is far inferior to you. She doesn’t even have the qualification to serve you, let alone be your rival. I really don’t know how Young Master Ashton Heath would..." 
"That’s enough, you shut up." 
Her words made Rebecca’s face look even worse. 
Yes, everyone thought she was better than Joanna and were convinced that she and Ashton were the most suitable and perfect match. 
Even she herself thought so. 
But in the end, the man she had liked for so many years chose a woman who was inferior to her in every aspect and was unwilling to give her a single chance. 
Where did she go wrong? 
What was it that made Joanna better than her? 
Annie’s face changed slightly when Rebecca scolded her, and a hint of unwillingness and coldness flashed in her eyes. 
As she watched Rebecca’s proud demeanor and the sense of superiority she displayed in front of her, she felt extremely unhappy: Why was she so arrogant? Wasn’t it just because she had a good background, flaunting her ladylike airs in front of her? Huh, once she became the daughter of the White family, they would be on equal footing. How would she, the daughter of the Kelloway family, matter? At that time, she would no longer have to cater to her! 
However, she had no choice but to endure it until this matter was settled.
###Chapter 1219: Chapter 1216: Rebecca Kelloway is Acting a Bit Strange Today
Annie Lawrence held back her temper and swallowed her pride, saying: "Ms. Kelloway, Madam White has taken that little slut away. What should we do in order to successfully carry out our plan? I always feel that letting that little bitch spend too much time with Madam White is not a good idea, in case she sabotages our plan." 
Rebecca Kelloway looked at her with disdain in her eyes. 
She was well aware of Annie’s thoughts. 
It wasn’t so much that she was afraid Joanna Lawrence would interfere with their plan, but more so that she was worried she wouldn’t become the daughter of the White family. 
However, although Rebecca looked down on Annie for being such a person, she agreed with her words. 
It was indeed not wise to let Madam White and Annie be alone together for too long, otherwise, their plan would certainly go awry. 
Madam White was obviously using the excuse of eating to take Joanna away. 
Since she had already considered the possibility that Joanna might be her daughter, she would definitely try to confirm it. 
Perhaps taking Joanna away just now was to verify this matter. 
Thinking of this, Rebecca’s expression changed. She raised her eyes to the direction where Madam White had left, picked up her skirt, and said, "Follow me. Remember, act according to my cues later." 
There were some of Rebecca’s sisters in the living room. 
Seeing her, they all came over to greet her. 
Rebecca responded perfunctorily for a few sentences, then hurried away with Annie. 
Her sisters watched her hurriedly leaving figure and couldn’t help but wonder, "What do you think she’s going to do? And since when is she willing to deal with people in the entertainment circle? Do you guys feel that Rebecca is a bit strange today?" 
"Was that man she stopped just now Mr. Ashton from the Heath family? If so, she must be furious. She’s liked Mr. Ashton for many years, right? Now that Mr. Ashton has another woman by his side, can she bear it?" 
"Even if she can’t bear it, he is Mr. Ashton after all. Others may fear her status and want to flatter her, but does Mr. Ashton need to? Besides, have you noticed that Mr. Ashton is rather cold towards her?" 
"Yes, I noticed it too. I bet Rebecca must be furious. The man she’s liked for so many years ends up being with someone else. However, the woman who took her man away is quite beautiful. That kind of face is the type men would like, right? Gentle and weak, just like a little white lotus, most likely to arouse a man’s protective desires. Rebecca is pretty, but she looks a bit domineering, and many men don’t like domineering women." 
"Rebecca is indeed domineering. Relying on her wealthy background, she’s overly arrogant. Such a woman, even if she’s beautiful and has a good background, men may not necessarily like her. After all, with the Heath family’s status and position, Rebecca’s little advantage is not worth much." 
"But, is that man really Mr. Ashton? Has any of you seen him before?" 
"Mr. Ashton has been living abroad and only returned to the country in recent years. Moreover, he doesn’t like accepting media interviews, so there shouldn’t be many people who have seen him. However, if that man really is Mr. Ashton, no wonder Rebecca has been infatuated with him for so many years and hasn’t given up. Born with a noble and prominent background, and growing up to look like that, it would be strange not to fall for such an excellent man."
###Chapter 1220: Chapter 1217: She Will Definitely Blame Me
* 
On the other side. 
Madam White led Joanna to the kitchen, where the busy staff immediately greeted her with respect, "Madam." 
Madam White nodded and said to them, "Carry on with your work, don’t mind me." 
As she spoke, she pulled Joanna to a corner and gestured for her to sit down at the kitchen table. 
Then she turned and put on an apron, smiling, she asked Joanna, "Joanna, do you have anything you’d like to eat? Just tell Madam White. I’m good at making simple home-cooked dishes. If there’s something I’m not good at, I can learn it right away. As long as you like it, I can make it for you." 
Seeing Madam White’s readiness to cook, Joanna was surprised and quickly stood up, "Madam White, I can’t let you cook for me." 
She had thought Madam White was simply bringing her to have a pre-prepared meal. 
Madam White came close, gently patted her hand, and looked at her with love and care, "Why not? I like you, what’s wrong with cooking a meal for you? Joanna, when I see you, I feel like I see my Cecilia. I can’t help but feel distressed when I think of how my baby Cecilia might still be suffering out there. Why did I send my baby Cecilia away back then? Even if it was more dangerous, I should have taken her with me." 
"Otherwise, we wouldn’t have been separated for so long." 
"The thought of it always brings me unbearable pain." 
Madam White’s eyes reddened and her voice choked as she spoke. 
Joanna hesitated, looking at Madam White, who was on the verge of tears, and became a little flustered, "Madam White, please don’t be sad. I believe that there must have been some compelling reasons for you to have to give her up. Maybe she’s living well now and that family has been good to her." 
"Besides, aren’t you still looking for her? I believe that there will be a day when the two of you will reunite." 
"Do you think so?" Madam White inquired, gripping Joanna’s hand and gazing into her eyes, "Do you think there’s a chance for us to reunite?" 
"Of course." Joanna had no idea whether they would reunite or not, but she didn’t want to see Madam White continue to be so sad. Encouraged by Madam White’s hopeful gaze, she confidently replied, "I believe it will definitely happen." 
"God knows how much you miss your daughter, and He will surely allow you to reunite with her." 
"But ..." Madam White looked at her, guilt painted in her eyes, "She will blame me when that happens. Even if we reunite, she may not accept me as her mother." 
No matter what had forced her hand.
It was true that she had given her daughter away to someone else, causing them to be separated for over a decade. 
"I think that if there really were compelling reasons for your decision back then, she should be able to understand. No mother would willingly give away her own child unless there was absolutely no other choice. Besides, the fact that you’ve been searching for her for more than a decade proves that you must have had no other choice. So as long as you explain the situation to her and treat her well in the future, she shouldn’t reject her own mother." 
"Is that so? Do you really think so, Joanna?"
###Chapter 1221: Chapter 1218: Cultivating a Good Mother-Daughter Relationship in the Future
After hearing her words, Madam White’s eyes brightened, and she tightly clasped her hand, somewhat agitated, "If it was you, would you be willing to forgive me?" 
"Huh?" Joanna was taken aback. 
"Joanna, Auntie wants to know your true thoughts. If you were my Cecilia, would you still be willing to acknowledge me? Don’t just say nice words to comfort me, speak according to your true thoughts. Auntie wants to hear what you really think." 
Being able to acknowledge her own biological daughter naturally made Madam White very happy. 
But she was also very worried in her heart that her daughter might not acknowledge her. 
She worried that her Cecilia would resent her for sending her away back then. 
What if Cecilia cannot accept her bitter experience and explanation? 
After asking the question, Madam White looked nervously at Joanna, like a student who had just been questioned by the teacher, uncertain whether their answer was correct or not, and feeling anxious before the teacher’s response. 
Seeing her serious and nervous expression while waiting for her answer, Joanna, who had originally planned to say some nice words to comfort her, slowly swallowed the words that had already come to her lips. 
She could see that Madam White genuinely wanted to know her true thoughts. 
With Madam White acting like this, Joanna felt it was wrong to casually reply to her. 
So this time, she thought seriously for a while before answering: "I don’t know. It would depend on the reason why she sent me away in the first place." 
Madam White’s heart tightened, and she took a deep breath: "What if it was for her own safety? If it was too dangerous for her to be with her and might cost her her life, she sent her away to protect her?" 
Recalling the various events of those years, Madam White felt sad and distressed. 
At that time, she really had no choice. 
Not knowing whether she could even save her own life, how could she dare to let her baby take risks with her? 
By sending her away, even if she couldn’t guarantee her a lifetime of wealth and glory, at least she could save her life. 
However, could her baby understand her helplessness and pain? 
Joanna thought carefully for a moment before answering, "If that’s the case, I think I can understand. However..."
Hearing her words, Madam White had just relaxed when Joanna’s "However" made her heart hang in the air again, anxiously asking, "However, what?" 
"However, I think even if she can understand, it might be difficult for her to accept this straight away. After all, she’s been separated from you all for more than ten years. Although you are her closest blood relatives, you haven’t lived together, so she might view you as strangers." 
"Is that so?" Madam White felt like her mood was like riding a roller coaster when she was young, with its highs and lows. 
Happy at one moment, melancholic at another. 
She was anxious to acknowledge her daughter now, but she had all kinds of worries in her heart. 
"Auntie, this is just my own opinion. Perhaps, your daughter has a different perspective." 
Seeing Madam White’s mood sink again, Joanna wondered if she had said the wrong thing. 
"Joanna, thank you for talking with Auntie so much." Madam White looked at Joanna’s uneasy and apologetic expression and sighed softly in her heart. 
She couldn’t be too hasty. 
Now that she had clues, all she had to do was verify the truth. 
If it could be confirmed that Joanna was indeed her daughter, she would have plenty of time to nurture their mother-daughter relationship in the future. 
Anyway, she would use all the time in her remaining life to make up for her daughter’s losses.
###Chapter 1222: Chapter 1219: Would It Be Alright to Fulfill One of Madam White’s Wishes?
"Madam White, you’re too kind. I didn’t really do anything. If I said anything that upset you, please don’t take it to heart." 
"Not at all. Oh my, we’ve been talking for so long, you must be hungry." Madam White warmly held Joanna’s hand and said, "Quickly tell me what you’d like to eat." 
"But, Madam White..." 
"Would you please satisfy a wish of mine? I’ve always wanted to cook a meal for my daughter, but..." Madam White’s eyes welled up with tears as she spoke. 
"Madam White, don’t be sad. If it’s okay with you, please cook me a bowl of noodles." 
At first, Joanna felt embarrassed asking Madam White to cook for her. 
But when Madam White mentioned her desire to cook for her daughter, Joanna felt a sense of sadness and reluctantly agreed. 
"Noodles? Just a bowl of noodles?" 
"Yes, I just feel like eating some noodles right now." In reality, she didn’t want to trouble Madam White too much. 
"Alright, wait here. I’ll make it for you right away." 
Madam White turned around, happily heading off to cook the noodles. 
Joanna had initially thought that a noble madam like Madam White, who had been raised in privilege, would have no culinary skills. She figured it would be good enough if Madam White could just cook the noodles properly. 
Unexpectedly, ten minutes later, Madam White cooked a delicious-looking bowl of Paella. 
The noodles were nutritious and colorfully presented, making them very appetizing. 
"Joanna, the noodles are ready. Give them a try and see how they taste. I haven’t cooked in a while and I’m not sure if my culinary skills have deteriorated. I can’t guarantee much, but I can make a decent bowl of noodles." 
Madam White placed the cooked noodles on the dining table. As Joanna picked up her fork, she looked on with an expectant expression. 
Under Madam White’s hopeful gaze, Joanna slowly took a bite of the noodles. 
"How is it? Are they good?" Madam White asked immediately. 
"Yes, they’re delicious." Joanna replied after taking another bite. 
She was genuinely surprised – she didn’t expect Madam White to not only cook the noodles properly but also make them so delicious. 
The craftsmanship was undoubtedly good. 
It could even be considered excellent. 
This bowl of Paella was even better than what she had eaten outside before. 
"Really? Are they really good?" Madam White’s eyes sparkled. Her culinary skills had been acknowledged, and she felt much happier. 
"Yes, they’re really delicious," Joanna said honestly, "These noodles are better than many I’ve had before. Madam White, I never thought your culinary skills would be this good. Did you specifically learn how to cook?" 
Madam White noticed her sincerity, which made her even happier. Her eyes curved into a smile as she replied, "I did learn when I was young, all for your uncle, Damien. You know, they say if you want to capture a man’s heart, you have to first capture his stomach. So I learned how to cook all the dishes he liked." 
"Later, as I continued to learn, I developed a passion for cooking. Sometimes I cook for myself, but since Damien has been working abroad and rarely comes home, I haven’t cooked as much." 
Madam White continued, "Go ahead and eat it while it’s hot. Paella doesn’t taste as good when it gets cold and fishy." 
Joanna nodded and focused on eating her noodles. 
Madam White sat beside her, watching the noodles she had made be eaten bite by bite, feeling an immense sense of satisfaction.
She gently said, "Joanna, if you like the noodles I make, you can come over in the future and I’ll cook for you. I know how to make many dishes, and I can cook them for you slowly over time."
###Chapter 1223: Chapter 1220: A Little Disappointed, A Little Sad
She gently said, "Joanna, if you like the noodles that Madam White makes, you can come over in the future, and I’ll cook them for you. I can also make many other dishes, and I’ll cook them for you one by one in the future." 
Joanna felt that Madam White was treating her this way because she looked like her daughter, transferring the feelings she had for her daughter to Joanna. 
It reminded her of Gary White. 
So, Gary White was so good to her for this reason as well, right? 
Thinking that she looked like his sister when they were young, he and Madam White both transferred their feelings to her. 
So, if the lost daughter of the White family were really found, would she still receive such treatment in the future? 
She probably wouldn’t. 
With these thoughts in mind, Joanna couldn’t help feeling a little disappointed. 
Although these were normal human feelings, and even if Gary White and Madam White wouldn’t be as kind to her in the future, she could still understand. 
However, she would still feel a little disappointed and sad. 
Perhaps it was because she felt the warmth of a family from the White family, experienced the happiness of having a loving family, and therefore hoped that this warmth and love would continue. 
She feared and cared about losing it. 
"Ah, you’re just too thin, child. If there’s a chance, how great would it be if you could move to my place? At that time, I’d make sure to nourish your body properly, and I guarantee that within a month, you’d be plump and healthy." 
Joanna wasn’t too thin, but she had a relatively standard figure. 
However, to Madam White’s generation, Joanna would be considered too thin. 
And Madam White felt pity for her. 
The noodles Madam White cooked were delicious, and Joanna was hungry, so she quickly finished her bowl of noodles. 
Seeing the empty bowl, Madam White was extremely satisfied: "Joanna, are you full? If you’re not full, I can make you something else." 
"Madam White, I’m full." 
Joanna understood that Madam White was probably overflowing with maternal love at this point, so she hurriedly said, "I’m really full, thank you for cooking this bowl of noodles for me personally." 
"There’s no need to be polite." 
Madam White brushed her hand over Joanna’s head and held her hand with a warm tone, "When you’re with me, just treat it like you’re with your own family, and don’t be polite with me. The banquet should have started by now, let’s go out and have a look." 
"Alright." 
* 
Just as Madam White led Joanna out of the kitchen, they saw Rebecca Kelloway and Annie Lawrence walking towards them from the front. 
"Madam White." 
Rebecca was holding a glass of red wine and smiled sweetly as she approached Madam White. 
Ignoring Joanna beside Madam White, she directly said to Madam White, "Madam White, I was just looking for you to toast a drink to you. Although today is Mr. White’s birthday banquet, today is also the day you suffered. Every mother in the world is great, and thirty years ago you gave birth to Mr. White with great hardship. You are the greatest mother, Madam White, and this drink is for you." 
Rebecca’s face was sincere and full of emotion. After speaking, she raised her glass to Madam White. 
Usually, most people would go to congratulate the birthday star and give blessings on such a day. 
Madam White didn’t expect that Rebecca would think of today as her day of suffering and intentionally come to toast her. 
Madam White was moved by Rebecca’s words just now, and her impression of Rebecca was even better. Now, she felt that Rebecca was really sensible.
###Chapter 1224: Chapter 1221: Annie, your skirt is dirty
She immediately called over a waiter and took a glass of wine. 
"Rebecca is truly a sensible child. Your mom is so fortunate to have such a filial and understanding daughter," Madam White took the wine and made a toasting gesture with Rebecca, smiling as she said, "I really didn’t expect that someone would remember today is my day of suffering. You are such a thoughtful child." 
Feeling sorry once again in her heart. 
Such a good girl; why didn’t her family’s rascal like her? 
How nice it would be if he could marry her and bring her home as his wife. 
"Madam White, I, I want to toast you as well." 
A weak voice sounded; Annie, under Madam White’s slightly surprised gaze, pursed her lips and gently said with a raised wine glass, "You, you have suffered a lot." 
Pfft. 
Joanna could hardly hold back her laughter. 
When Rebecca toasted Madam White and said those words, it was because the Kelloways and the White family had a relationship. 
By saying that, Madam White would think she was sensible. 
But what about Annie? 
Her sudden appearance to toast the wine seemed abrupt and funny, completely out of place. 
Looking at Madam White’s reaction at this moment also confirmed this point.
Madam White definitely didn’t expect this move from her; she was stunned for several seconds, and her eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
She looked at Annie without saying a word. 
Annie held the wine glass, her face becoming more and more rigid as Madam White remained silent. 
Madam White didn’t want to pay attention to her at all. 
As long as she thought about how Joanna had been wronged by her, she wanted to immediately kick Annie out of the White family’s house. 
But she was brought over by Rebecca. 
Even if Madam White felt uncomfortable and didn’t like Annie, she didn’t want to create an awkward situation for everyone. 
After a few seconds of silence, she lifted her wine glass, although she didn’t respond to Annie. 
Rebecca immediately gave Annie a hint. 
Annie received her gaze, clenched her wine glass, her eyes flickering as she took a deep breath. 
While tilting her head back to drink, her hand shook, and most of the red wine spilled onto her not-easily-dirty Bubble Milk-colored long skirt. 
"Ah!" 
Annie covered her mouth and exclaimed. 
"What’s wrong?" Rebecca turned around, saw the red wine on Annie’s dress, and whispered, "Annie, your dress is dirty." 
Annie looked anxious: "Rebecca, what should I do?" 
"Madam White..." Rebecca looked at Madam White, hesitated for a moment, and said, "Annie’s dress is dirty, and later, it will be inconvenient for her to continue wearing this skirt. Madam White, could you take us to change our clothes?" 
Madam White didn’t want to pay attention to Annie. 
But when Rebecca spoke up, she hesitated. 
Madam White, any clothes for her to change into are fine. Annie’s clothes are so dirty that she can’t wear them anymore. Madam White, what do you think...?" 
With Rebecca’s persuasion, Madam White couldn’t refuse anymore. 
She nodded and said, "Fine, there aren’t many women in the house, so you can only change into my clothes." 
"It doesn’t matter, any clothes that can be changed into are fine," Rebecca immediately said. 
"Thank you, Madam White." Annie looked grateful. 
After giving Annie a cold glance, Madam White turned her head. Her eyes instantly became gentle and affectionate, and her tone very soft when talking to Joanna, "Joanna, you go find Ashton now, and I’ll take someone to change their clothes." 
She said, and then called over a female servant, "You, take Ms. Joanna with you."
###Chapter 1225: Chapter 1222: But This Is Not a Birthmark
"Yes, madam." 
After giving instructions, Madam White led Rebecca Kelloway and Annie Lawrence upstairs to change their clothes. 
Joanna Lawrence gazed at the departing figures of Rebecca and Annie, feeling as if something was off. 
She had clearly seen Annie herself spill the wine on her clothes just now. 
Obviously, she had intended to dirty the dress. 
It seemed that Rebecca was aware of this matter as well. 
What were they trying to accomplish with this act? 
Although Joanna had no idea what they were plotting, she could sense that their target seemed to be Madam White. 
It appeared that they were trying to lead Madam White away. 
* 
Upstairs. 
Madam White took Rebecca and Annie to a guest room, and picked out one of her rarely worn clothes. 
After handing the clothes to Rebecca, she planned to leave. 
"You can go downstairs after changing your clothes. If you need anything, feel free to ask the servants." 
Between the lines, Madam White was saying that they should not bother her with minor matters like this. 
"Madam White, thank you for your help." 
Rebecca took the clothes and handed them to Annie, "Quickly change." 
"Thank you, Madam White." Annie could clearly see that Madam White didn’t like her. If it weren’t for Rebecca, Madam White wouldn’t have paid her any attention. 
She thought it must be because Joanna had spoken ill of her to Madam White. 
That must be the reason why Madam White disliked her. 
Did that petty girl think this tactic would be useful? 
Soon, Madam White’s attitude towards her would change. 
At that time, she, Annie Lawrence, would be the darling of the White family. What would Joanna mean then! 
Because of Joanna, Madam White disliked Annie extremely. She offered no response to her words, only giving her an indifferent glance before turning to leave. 
Just as she reached the doorway, she heard Rebecca’s surprised voice from behind, "Annie, you actually have a red birthmark here, and it’s in such a unique position." 
Madam White’s footsteps paused. 
Behind her, Annie saw Madam White standing at the doorway, and slowly raised a smile at the corner of her mouth, speaking unhurriedly, "Yes, but it’s not a birthmark." 
"If it isn’t a birthmark, then what is it?" 
"I heard from my dad that this mark was left by my birth mother. She probably did it because she was afraid of mistaking her child later on. So, she left the strawberry mark as a sign." 
"What?" Rebecca seemed very shocked, "You mean, your current mother is not your biological mother?" 
"Yes, actually, my dad is not my biological father either." As Annie spoke, her tone became downcast. While glancing at Madam White, who remained still by the door, she feigned a sorrowful expression and whispered, "They are my adoptive parents. My real parents... I still don’t know where they are." 
"How did this happen? I’ve never heard you mention it before." 
"I’m not sure either. It seems that back then, my dad’s boss was in danger and couldn’t take me with him. So, they entrusted me to my adoptive father, who was very loyal to the boss and treated me like his own daughter." 
"That’s why I feel that even if I don’t know who my biological parents are for my entire life, it doesn’t matter. My adoptive parents treat me well enough. My life isn’t worse than those children living with their biological parents."
###Chapter 1226: Chapter 1223: You are one year younger than your sister Joanna Lawrence.
"True. Your adoptive parents treat you so well, there’s little difference from your biological parents. However, have you thought about finding your biological parents? Didn’t your father tell you where your biological parents are now?" 
"I have. What child wouldn’t want to know who their biological parents are?" Annie Lawrence sighed, apparently a little sad. "My adoptive father told me that he had lost contact with my birth parents a long time ago, so even he doesn’t know where they are now." 
"Forget it, I probably won’t think about it anymore. Maybe, I am just not meant to meet them in this lifetime." 
"Annie, don’t be too sad. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked you these questions." 
Sounds of sobbing emerged from behind. 
Madam White turned around incredulously. 
Annie Lawrence was facing away from her, her dress half off and hadn’t changed into her clothes yet. 
Madam White immediately noticed the red mark on Annie’s hip. 
She stared in shock at the red mark. 
Rebecca Kelloway noticed Madam White’s reaction and, pretending ignorance, walked over to Madam White with a curious expression, "Madam White, what’s wrong?" 
Madam White didn’t speak, she kept staring at the red mark on Annie’s hip; after staring for a moment, she looked up at Annie with a complex gaze. 
This mark, and the things she just said... 
All these signs indicated that the girl named Annie Lawrence might very well be her daughter. 
The location of the birthmark, Madam White knew well. 
As soon as she saw it on Annie, she was almost certain of her identity. 
But, at this moment, Madam White did not feel much joy. 
This was completely different from when she initially thought that Joanna Lawrence was her daughter. 
Then, she was full of joy and anticipation, she could hardly wait to acknowledge her as her daughter. 
But now... 
She doesn’t have that desire at all. 
She doesn’t want to admit that this girl in front of her could be her dear Cecilia. 
But that birthmark, and the things she just said... 
The fact that Cecilia had a red birthmark, she only told to her son. 
No one else would know. 
"Madam White, you’ve been staring at Annie. Is there something wrong with her?" Rebecca said as she signaled Annie with her eyes. 
"Yeah, Madam White, is there something wrong with me?" Annie Lawrence touched her face uneasily. 
"No." 
Madam White was silent for a moment, then turned to Rebecca and said, "Rebecca, could you go out for a bit? I’d like to talk to Annie alone." 
"Huh? Of course, yeah. Annie, I’ll go first then. I’ll wait for you downstairs." 
Rebecca left the room and closed the door behind her. 
* 
Annie Lawrence was alone with Madam White in the room. 
Confronted with Madam White’s inquiring and probing gaze, she panicked for her guilty conscience. 
"Madam White, do you...do you have something to tell me?" With Rebecca gone, Annie was afraid of giving herself away, she didn’t dare to meet Madam White’s eyes. 
Madam White looked at her steadily for a moment, and asked without emotion, "Just now, you said that your current parents are your adoptive parents?" 
"Yes." Annie clenched her hand, her heartbeat quickening. 
Madam White narrowed her eyes, her gaze sharp as she asked, "But from what I know, you’re only younger than your sister Joanna Lawrence by one year, you’re only eighteen this year, right?"
###Chapter 1227: Chapter 1224: Different from What was Imagined
"But you said Rose Liall isn’t your biological mother?" 
Annie Lawrence was taken aback, lifting her head to meet Madam White’s sharp gaze, her back immediately breaking out in a cold sweat. 
She stammered, "She, she indeed is not my biological mother. My adoptive father once told me that he was afraid his boss’s enemies would find me, so he sent me away to be raised." 
"My actual age is one year older than it is now. I was registered a year younger back then, also out of fear that those enemies would come knocking." 
After finishing her speech, Annie Lawrence couldn’t help but sigh of relief. 
She felt as if she had just escaped from the brink of death. 
Luckily, she and Rebecca Kelloway had guessed what Madam White might ask, so they had already prepared responses. 
But even so, she was still so nervous she broke out in a sweat. 
At first, Annie Lawrence thought that Madam White might be naive and easily fooled like many from wealthy families. 
But now, she completely dismissed such ideas. 
She was too careless. 
A woman who could survive that disaster unscathed and become the glorious Madam White, she couldn’t possibly be simple. 
But, as Rebecca Kelloway told her, as long as she cooperates obediently, this matter would be infallible. 
Even if Madam White still had some suspicions about her. 
As long as the results of the paternity test came out, it would be able to dispel all her doubts. 
Upon thinking about this, Annie Lawrence felt somewhat reassured. 
Looking at Madam White again, she wasn’t as nervous as before, she moistened her lips, putting on a sorrowful expression and continued, "My adoptive father told me, my biological parents encountered great trouble back then, so they couldn’t bring me with them. Since they trusted him enough to entrust their daughter to him, he would definitely protect me and ensure my safe and healthy growth." 
Madam White pursed her lips, remaining silent.
After asking these questions, it seemed like everything about this girl was impeccable. 
All signs confirmed that she could very possibly be her daughter. 
However, Madam White still found it hard to believe. 
Deep down, she strongly resisted accepting the idea that Annie Lawrence is her daughter. 
Her Cecilia would definitely be an incredibly adorable and kind-hearted girl. 
How could it possibly be Annie Lawrence, the kind of malevolent person who stole her sister’s fiancé and consistently undermined her sister behind her back? 
Even with all these facts laid before her, Madam White still felt that her daughter couldn’t possibly be Annie Lawrence. 
If she was her biological daughter, why was she filled with such disgust? 
She instead felt a mother-daughter bond with a girl who wasn’t her biological child. 
When she only saw Joanna Lawrence’s photo, she had an inexplicable intuition and believed that she must be her daughter. 
Later on, when she met her in person, she fell in love with her instantly. 
Even before the paternity test, she already deeply regarded Joanna Lawrence as her daughter. 
But facing Annie Lawrence, she felt no joy at all. 
She even thought, if this truly was her biological daughter, she would be somewhat disappointed... 
She knew her thoughts were unfair. 
But with Annie Lawrence, she simply couldn’t bring herself to like her. 
Madam White fell silent for a very long time. This silence unsettled Annie Lawrence who was confident she would soon become the daughter of the White family. 
Why was this situation unfolding differently from what she expected?
###Chapter 1228: Chapter 1225: Doesn’t Seem Like They Believe Me
Now, she had already revealed so much information and that red mark on her body... 
Hadn’t Madam White thought of that yet? 
But then again, if she had thought of it, why would she react this way? 
Amid Annie’s various uneasiness, Madam White finally spoke after a moment of silence. 
She spoke faintly, "Well, get dressed. There are some matters downstairs. I’ll go down first." 
With that, Madam White turned and walked out of the bedroom. 
Annie watched her leave just like that, her eyes wide open, her face full of surprise and disbelief. 
* 
Madam White, with a heavy heart, descended to the ground floor. 
A few of her best friends came to talk to her, but she was absent-minded. 
The banquet had already begun. 
This kind of banquet was essentially a high-end social gathering, and those who wanted to get acquainted had already gathered. There were constant sounds of laughter and conversation in the banquet hall. 
Madam White searched the hall and saw Joanna Lawrence standing in a corner. 
She was with Ashton Heath, the two of them chatting and laughing, her eyes curved up in her smile. 
Every time Madam White thought that her daughter wasn’t Joanna, but Annie, her heart ached. 
She had been looking for her daughter for more than ten years. 
It seemed she had finally found her. 
But she wasn’t happy at all, her heart filled with only deep loss. 
Seeing Madam White come down alone, Rebecca Kelloway’s brows furrowed involuntarily. After hesitating for a few seconds, she turned and went upstairs. 
* 
Upon reaching the upper floor, Rebecca pushed open the door to see that Annie had changed her clothes and was about to leave the room. 
She closed the door. 
"How did it go? Does she believe now that you’re her daughter?" Rebecca had seen Madam White come downstairs alone and felt that things might not be as smooth as expected. She couldn’t help but worry and came up. 
Seeing Annie’s darkened face, Rebecca’s speculation was confirmed. 
She frowned and said with a hint of displeasure, "What’s wrong, didn’t it go smoothly?" 
"I don’t know." Annie thought of Madam White’s reaction just now, and her face turned ugly. "She doesn’t seem to believe me. Ms. Kelloway, didn’t you say that if I do this, she will definitely believe I’m her daughter?" 
"But I didn’t see any joy on her face. Do you understand? She’s been questioning me from the beginning. Ms. Kelloway, are you sure our plan will succeed?" Annie had gone from being determined and pleased to becoming uneasy. 
She found that Madam White was not only harder to fool than she had imagined but was also a very clever woman. 
If the impersonation was found out, she could not even imagine the consequences. 
At that time, Rebecca would still be Ms. Rebecca. 
The White family wouldn’t do anything to her. 
But what about her? 
Thinking of this, Annie’s face turned pale, "I think Madam White is suspicious of me. Do you think she will investigate me? If she investigates... " 
"What a big fuss, getting scared like this." 
Rebecca looked at her with disdain and said coldly, "It’s normal for her to be suspicious. You aren’t her daughter and don’t even look like her. But no matter how she doubts you now, once the paternity test results come out, she won’t doubt your identity anymore." 
"But she hasn’t even mentioned doing a paternity test."
###Chapter 1229: Chapter 1226: When do you plan to have a child?
Annie Lawrence’s eyes were full of unease. "She’s still so cold to me. Ms. Kelloway, I really feel like she’s doubting me; she doesn’t believe what I’ve told her." 
"Then make her believe!" 
Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes were filled with impatience and irritation, feeling that collaborating with Annie Lawrence was only causing her trouble. 
But she had no choice. 
Annie Lawrence was the best candidate. 
So even if it didn’t suit her taste, she had to endure it. 
She took a deep breath, looked at Annie’s uneasy appearance, suppressed her anger, and said through gritted teeth, "On the other hand, this is actually a good thing. While she is doubt of you, she must be taking your words with a grain of salt. If she wants to confirm your identity, she’ll definitely have you take a paternity test." 
"You just need to wait patiently for the results. Once the paternity test comes back, she won’t doubt you anymore." 
"I’ve already made arrangements at the hospital. There won’t be any issues. Don’t act like you’re guilty; it will only make her more suspicious." 
"Ms. Kelloway, I’m just scared." Upon hearing Rebecca’s words, Annie finally felt a bit more at ease. 
Seeing that Rebecca was dissatisfied, she quickly put on a smile and said, "Now that I have Ms. Kelloway’s reassurance, I feel better. I’ll listen to Ms. Kelloway and wait patiently for your message when I get home." 
Rebecca pursed her lips, her eyes cold. "I won’t allow any mistakes in this matter. There is no point for you to stay here any longer. Go downstairs and leave later. I will go to Madam White to probe further." 
* 
"Ashton, Joanna, when do you plan to have a child?" 
In a corner of the living room. 
Yannick Luther and Denver Lancaster sat across from Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath. 
Yannick looked at Ashton, who had Joanna snuggled up in his arms, and couldn’t help feeling amazed. 
He recalled how Ashton used to be. 
Back then, he avoided women at all costs. 
If a woman got too close to him, he’d find their scent suffocating and ask them to stay away. 
But now... 
Seeing Ashton’s appearance, as if he couldn’t help but want to blend his body with Joanna’s, Yannick even now finds it unbelievable. 
The man who once seemed destined to remain a bachelor was the first among their friends to get married. 
And he did so, not only getting engaged but marrying all in one go. 
His first love was his wife, his first romance was his wife, and his marriage was with his wife. 
Truth be told, even though Yannick was accustomed to debauchery, deep down he longed for a stable and sweet true love. 
He never lacked for female company. 
It seemed he wasn’t without affection either. 
But Yannick knew very well what kind of women were around him. 
If he didn’t have the identity of the young master of the Luther family, if he didn’t spend money on those women, how many of them would genuinely want to be with him? 
It was not that he didn’t want to find someone who he could truly fall for. 
It was just that after all these years, he hadn’t met one. 
Since he couldn’t find one, he might as well keep having fun. 
Yannick thought Joanna and Ashton’s relationship was stable by now, they already got married, and Ashton wasn’t getting any younger, so it was time to consider having a child. 
The sooner, the better. 
After all, having a child wouldn’t have much of an impact on people like them, no matter when or how many they had. 
Having a child would also make the bond between husband and wife stronger.
###Chapter 1230: Chapter 1227: Some Pictures that Are Not Suitable for You to See
Suddenly urged to have a baby, Joanna Lawrence raised her head sharply. She looked at Yannick Luther and saw that he didn’t seem to be joking, so she furrowed her brows and was about to speak, only for the man beside her to reply faster: "What do you mean, ’baby’? Your sister-in-law is still young, and we’re not considering having kids just yet." 
Yannick Luther looked puzzled and muttered: "But you’re not young. Haven’t Lady Octavia and the others ever urged you before?" 
Usually, people are urged to get married before they do, and then to have children after they get married... 
Recently, Yannick Luther had been driven crazy by his family. 
He felt that he was still young and could still play around for a few more years. 
However, his mother and Sir Luther were already arranging blind dates for him, wanting him to get married as soon as possible. 
He had absolutely no interest in getting married, okay? 
If he could meet a woman like his sister-in-law, even if marriage is a grave, he would be willing to lie in it. 
But he couldn’t meet someone like that! 
He didn’t want to find a woman he didn’t like at all, just to get married casually. 
"A man should be established by thirty, and Ashton still has many years until that age, so there’s no hurry," Denver Lancaster said with a grin, "Besides, I think Ashton probably wants to enjoy a few more years with his sister-in-law. What’s the point of having a troublesome little thing come out so early? Wouldn’t that take his wife away from him? I bet Ashton wouldn’t like it." 
"Ashton, it looks like you’re almost recovered from your androphobia." 
Denver Lancaster shook the wine glass in his hand, stared at him for a while, and then smiled, "Do you want me to test you now, see if you’re really better?" 
"Test? How do you test?" 
Joanna Lawrence knew what Denver Lancaster meant but was quicker to ask with interest before Ashton Heath could say anything. 
"Sister-in-law, I think it’s better if you don’t know about this test. Well... It’s pictures you shouldn’t see," Denver Lancaster said mysteriously. 
Joanna blinked, "Pictures I shouldn’t see? What kind of pictures?" 
Denver Lancaster: "Nude women, do you want to see?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She looked at Denver Lancaster and saw that he didn’t seem to be joking, she became more curious, gently pursed her lips, and asked with a faint blush on her cheeks, "Really... nude women?" 
"Yes." 
Denver Lancaster said while taking out his phone: "This is the simplest and most effective way to test." 
Denver Lancaster opened his phone, found Ashton Heath’s Twitter account, raised an eyebrow, and asked Joanna, "Sister-in-law, you don’t mind me sending your husband nude pictures of other women, do you? It’s just for medical treatment, don’t be jealous." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Of course, she didn’t mind. 
In fact, she was a little interested in seeing the pictures herself. 
However, she was too embarrassed to say this out loud. 
Ashton Heath frowned but said nothing. 
Yannick Luther, looking eager, was rubbing his hands together in anticipation, "What kind of naked women? Are they well-proportioned? Good things should be shared. Denver, hurry up and send them to my Twitter, I’ll help appraise them first." 
Denver glared at him, "Does Mr. Luther also have androphobia and needs to appraise?" 
Yannick Luther, meeting his contemptuous gaze, shamelessly nodded, "Yes, I suspect I’ve developed androphobia recently too. Since you’re here, you might as well help me diagnose it." 
Recently, whenever someone mentioned women to him, he felt a headache. 
Denver Lancaster: "..." 
Ignoring Yannick Luther, Denver quickly sent a few pictures to Ashton Heath’s Twitter and gestured for him to look, "Ashton, I’m serious, not kidding. I’ve sent the pictures to you, take a look."
###Chapter 1231: Chapter 1228: There’s No Need to Think About Treating This Illness Anymore
Ashton Heath certainly knew he wasn’t joking. 
His illness had always been treated by Denver Lancaster. 
It could be said that apart from himself, Denver knew his illness best. 
This wasn’t the first time Denver had helped him this way. 
"It’s just treatment, I’ll delete the picture later. If you don’t want me to see it, I won’t look." When Ashton was alone before, he didn’t mind seeing such things, but now with Joanna Lawrence, he was afraid she would mind. 
As soon as he said this, Yannick Luther immediately touched his arm and looked disgusted: "Oh my God, I’m getting goosebumps. Ashton, could you please consider the feelings of us single men and tone it down a bit?" 
Denver didn’t react as dramatically, but he also felt that the current Ashton was like a different person: "Ashton, sister-in-law isn’t unreasonable. It’s just treatment, right, sister-in-law?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "... Yeah, I don’t mind." 
She was just very curious about what the naked woman photo Denver sent to Ashton looked like... 
Ashton turned his head to look at her and saw that she really didn’t mind, so he slowly took out his phone. 
He opened Twitter. 
A minute later, Ashton’s face turned extremely ugly, and he closed his phone. 
Seeing his reaction, Denver lightly sighed and said helplessly, "Do you still feel disgusted and want to vomit?" 
Ashton recalled the images he had just seen, and his stomach churned with nausea again: "Yeah." 
"...I thought you were already cured." Denver put away his phone, looked deeply at Ashton, then turned to look at Joanna Lawrence and sincerely advised, "I think you don’t need to think about treating this illness anymore. After all, you have sister-in-law now, so it’s not a big problem whether you receive treatment or not. I think your illness is similar to Mr. Parker’s. No matter how much you persist in getting treatment, it won’t be cured in your lifetime. Perhaps you just need to meet the person destined for you, and then your illness will naturally heal in front of them." 
"By the way, speaking of Mr. Parker, why didn’t we see him tonight? It’s impossible that Gary White didn’t invite him." Denver looked around and didn’t see Frank Parker, so he was somewhat puzzled. 
"Who knows? He’s been acting mysterious lately. I don’t know what he’s up to. I’ve asked him out several times and failed every time." Yannick Luther was a little annoyed when he mentioned this. 
He really didn’t know what Sean Parker was doing. 
They used to hang out together, and he could call Frank Parker out anytime. 
But now... 
The guy suddenly lost all interest as if something had happened. 
Yannick Luther thought Frank Parker was not normal and must have encountered something. 
Someday, he had to drag Sean Parker out and find out what was going on! 
Just as Yannick Luther was about to look away, he caught a glimpse of a familiar figure. 
It was Rebecca Kelloway who had just come down from upstairs. 
He was startled, thought of some recent events, and frowned at Ashton Heath. 
He wanted to ask Ashton if he was planning to ignore Rebecca Kelloway forever. 
But seeing that Joanna Lawrence was there, he felt it wasn’t suitable to ask now. 
Yannick Luther couldn’t say he had deep feelings for Rebecca Kelloway, but after all, they had known each other for many years. Seeing his former good friends end up like this made him feel emotional. 
But who could he blame? 
He had warned and cautioned Rebecca Kelloway many times before, but she had turned a deaf ear to him. 
She was the one who caused the current situation. 
—
###Chapter 1232: Chapter 1229: I’m Not Happy at All Now
* 
Halfway through the banquet, Ashton Heath left with Joanna Lawrence. 
He had originally planned to give the gift and leave right away. 
However, Madam White was particularly fond of Joanna and borrowed her away from him several times, so he couldn’t leave for a while. 
As they were leaving, Madam White and Gary White saw them off together. 
Madam White held Joanna’s hand, her face showing reluctance, and repeated the same words several times: "Joanna, my dear, feel free to come over to visit me whenever you have time. I’ll make sure to cook you my specialty dishes." 
"Can I call you when I miss you in the future?" 
They wouldn’t be unable to see each other after this separation. 
But Madam White just felt particularly reluctant to let go. 
She wanted Joanna to stay a little longer. 
But she knew it wouldn’t be appropriate. 
As for when Annie Lawrence left, Madam White wasn’t aware of it at all. 
She didn’t feel any reluctance towards Annie, either. 
"Of course, Madam White." Joanna had already given Madam White her mobile number, Twitter ID, and all other possible contact details. 
"Would you be annoyed if I called you every day?" 
"No, of course not," Joanna smiled softly and said, "You can call me whenever you want, Madam White." 
"Alright." Madam White tightly held her hand. 
* 
Madam White watched Joanna and Ashton Heath get into the car and drove into the vast night until they were out of sight. Then, she reluctantly withdrew her gaze. 
Her reluctant expression made Gary White laugh: "Mom, what are you doing? It’s not like you won’t see her again. Are you really that unwilling to let go? If you like Joanna so much, I can invite her over to our home often to accompany you."
Madam White sighed but didn’t feel happy about his words. 
Gary White raised an eyebrow in confusion and said, "Mom, what’s wrong? Weren’t you happy just now? Are you upset because Joanna left?" 
Madam White looked up at him, pursed her lips in silence for a while, then sighed again: "Gary, I used to be convinced that Joanna was Cecilia because they looked so alike when they were young and were born on the same day. The most important thing is that the moment I saw her, I was particularly fond of her. I thought this affection was the natural bond of a mother and daughter. Because her blood carries the lineage of the White family, even after so many years of separation, I still wanted to be close to her very much." 
"But..." 
"But what?" 
"But now I’m not so sure anymore. Gary, I may have found Cecilia, but I’m not happy at all. I don’t even want to admit that she is Cecilia. Tell me, should I feel this way? Even if she didn’t grow up like I wanted her to, if she really is Cecilia, I shouldn’t dislike her, right?" 
"Mom." Gary White frowned, eyes full of confusion. "What are you trying to say? Have we...found Cecilia?" 
Madam White was silent for a while, then told Gary everything about how she took Annie to change clothes and discovered a red mark on her body, as well as the fact that Annie was not the Lawrence family’s biological daughter. 
"The mark on her body is in the same position as the one I branded on your sister. Moreover, she was also given to the Lawrence family when she was very young, and her biological parents sent her away to protect her from danger."
###Chapter 1233: Chapter 1230: When the Time Comes, Authenticate Together
"She and Cecilia were also born on the same day of the same month and year. If there’s anything about her that’s worth suspecting, it’s that she doesn’t look much like Cecilia when they were both children. Cecilia’s eyes are big and round, while her eyes are slender and long. But it’s also possible that as she grew up, she changed," 
Madam White was unwilling to admit that Annie Lawrence could be her biological daughter. 
However, all the signs were proving that the daughter she’d been searching for could indeed be Annie Lawrence. 
"Annie Lawrence?" Gary’s facial expression changed, "Mom, are you sure about this?"
"I hope I’m wrong," In front of her son, Madam White didn’t have anything to hide, revealing all her thoughts, "Gary, to put it bluntly, if she really is Cecilia, I would feel disappointed." 
"Do you know how she treats Joanna?" 
"I don’t expect Cecilia to be outstanding, but at least she should be a kind and beautiful girl. Annie, she..." Madam White frowned, sighed, "She behaves like this towards her own sister, how can she be kind-hearted?" 
Gary White was silent for a long time. 
He thought about it and felt that something was fishy about the whole situation. 
He didn’t want to believe at all that Annie Lawrence could be his sister. 
"Mom, verifying her identity would be simple." Moments later, Gary half-closed his eyes and spoke, "Take her for a paternity test. That’s the simplest and most accurate method to determine." 
"Paternity test?" Madam White thought about it and nodded, "Yes, we should do that. That’s what I thought too. Since she could be Cecilia, we’ll confirm it with a paternity test. If... if she really is Cecilia, as her mother, I’ll have to accept her no matter what she’s like now." 
"Mm, then don’t overthink it." 
Seeing Madam White unhappy, Gary White tried to comfort her: "Maybe when the test comes back, it’ll all just be a misunderstanding. I think since we’re getting the test done, why not let Joanna also go for the test?" 
Madam White was startled, then surprised, lifting her head: "Joanna will also do a paternity test?" 
"Mmhmm," Gary nodded. He thought about what Madam White had just said to him, a hint of coldness flashing through his eyes, "Anyway, it’s not a troublesome thing. Didn’t you say Joanna resembles Cecilia more? Then let’s test both of them." 
Spilling the red wine on the dress, then letting Madam White go upstairs to change clothes together until Madam White discovered the birthmark on Annie’s body. 
Everything seemed to have been pre-planned. 
All the earlier setups were for Madam White to see that birthmark on Annie’s body. 
The end goal was aimed for the daughter the White family had been looking for. 
Moreover, Annie Lawrence was brought over by Rebecca Kelloway. 
Upon thinking about this, Gary’s eyes grew colder, and a layer of frost surrounded his eyes. 
Rebecca Kelloway... 
He wanted to see what she was scheming. 
* 
Upon arriving home, Joanna walked out of the locker room in a change of clothes, just as Ashton Heath had also put on his loungewear. 
He looked much more relaxed and younger in loungewear, not as austere and aloof as when he wore a suit and leather shoes, making people afraid to approach him carelessly. 
Joanna walked towards him. 
Ashton reached out, embraced her, and touched her hair: "Mark asked the kitchen to prepare some late-night snacks, do you want to eat some with me?"
###Chapter 1234: Chapter 1231: Family Feud
Joanna had eaten the paella Madam White made for her and wasn’t hungry at all. 
But she knew that Ashton hadn’t eaten much at the banquet, so he must be hungry. 
She nodded and said, "Okay." 
They walked downstairs hand in hand.
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna." 
The maid placed the freshly cooked late-night meal on the table. 
The meal was simple, just two bowls of savory seafood pierogi. As soon as they entered the dining room, Joanna smelled the aroma of pierogi. 
Ashton led her to the table, and they sat down side by side. 
Although Joanna wasn’t hungry, she couldn’t resist eating two or three pieces of the delicious pierogi. 
Ashton ate quietly for a while, recalling the events at the banquet and Madam White’s reluctance to let them leave... 
He swallowed the last piece of pierogi in his mouth and looked at Joanna, "What did you and Madam White talk about when she took you away earlier?" 
"Hmm?" 
Joanna had just swallowed her pierogi and wiped her lips with a napkin, "We didn’t talk about much, just chit-chat." 
"You didn’t talk about anything?" Ashton’s eyes flashed slightly. 
Could he be wrong? 
Did Madam White really just take Joanna for a meal, and not for some other reason? 
But Ashton felt that his intuition wouldn’t be wrong. 
Tonight, Madam White’s behavior towards Joanna was too enthusiastic and affectionate, way beyond the normal range. 
"Well, not exactly. Madam White mentioned some things about her daughter. Ashton, do you know what happened in Madam White’s family back then that made her have to send her own daughter away to be raised by someone else?" 
Joanna thought that Ashton had been friends with Gary White for several years, and they were good friends, so Ashton may know the reasons. 
What she asked was something Ashton knew. 
He hesitated for a moment before saying, "Family conflicts. Like ancient emperors killing their fathers and brothers for the throne. To save their lives, their family had to flee abroad. At that time, Madam and Mr. White didn’t know if they could escape successfully. Faced with the possibility of losing their lives at any moment, they chose to send their daughter to a trusted subordinate." 
"Later, they managed to escape, but they were still not safe abroad, and had to hide for several more years. When they finally settled down and wanted to bring their daughter back, they had already lost contact with their subordinate for a long time." 
"After that, the search for her went on for more than ten years. They thought that their subordinate had left Closia, so they were searching in other cities. As you know, looking for someone without any clues is like finding a needle in a haystack." 
"So, they searched for more than ten years and couldn’t find their daughter." 
"Recently, they finally found out that the subordinate is very likely to be in Closia." 
After listening to this, Joanna was stunned for a moment before murmuring, "So, their daughter might be in Closia?" 
"Yes," Ashton’s eyes flashed again as he looked deeply into Joanna’s eyes, "Do you know why Madam White was so affectionate towards you tonight?" 
"Because I look like her daughter?" Joanna blinked. 
"That’s just one reason." Ashton looked deeply into her eyes again, "The main reason, I guess, is that she must think you might be her long-lost daughter."
###Chapter 1235: Chapter 1232: How Can It Be Impossible?
"What?!" Joanna Lawrence froze, her eyes wide in astonishment as she stared at him, "You mean... Madam White really believes I am her daughter?" 
"Yes." Ashton Heath nodded, looking at her extremely surprised expression and spoke calmly, "She can’t be sure of your identity right now. However, she must have already had some suspicions, and I guess she will seek you out to confirm this eventually." 
"But how could I possibly be her daughter?" 
Upon hearing Ashton Heath’s words, Joanna Lawrence felt that this claim was quite far-fetched. 
She was a member of the Lawrence family. 
How could she be the long-lost Miss White that the White family had been searching for? 
She wanted to refute, but recalling Madam White’s previous behavior towards her and her probing questions, Joanna’s eyes flashed with a hint of complexity as she pursed her lips in silence. 
At first, she thought Madam White treated her so well because she transferred the feelings she had for her missing daughter onto Joanna. 
Both Madam White and Gary White had said that she resembled their little Cecilia. 
Plus, they all shared the same birthday... 
Joanna Lawrence never thought that Madam White liked her and treated her kindly because they believed she might be Cecilia of the White family. 
She found it utterly absurd and inconceivable. 
It was as absurd as learning that Jeremy was not her own brother but a member of the Heath family. 
No, it was even more ludicrous than Jeremy’s situation, and it was harder for her to accept. 
After all, this involved her own identity. 
Ashton Heath looked deeply into her eyes: "Why not?" 
"Of course not." Joanna replied directly, "I am a member of the Lawrence family, what does it have to do with the White family? Do they suspect this because I resemble Madam White? But aren’t there many people who look alike in this world without any blood relations?" 
"Yes, there are many such people, and resemblance alone doesn’t prove any connection. However, if Jeremy could be a member of the Heath family, why couldn’t you be the daughter of the White family? Do you know why Grandma wanted Jeremy and my Uncle Damien to take a paternity test as soon as she met Jeremy?" 
Looking at Joanna’s wide-eyed shock, Ashton Heath said word by word, "Not only because Jeremy resembled my uncle but also because she had a special fondness for him. Sometimes, blood relations have a mysterious connection, where even strangers meeting for the first time can have an inexplicable affinity." 
"I think Madam White has such an affinity for you." 
"Perhaps that’s why she has this suspicion. Joanna, tell me, how do you feel about Madam White?" 
Previously, Ashton Heath had been concerned about Gary White because he thought Gary took exceptionally good care of Joanna. 
It was beyond normal care. 
At that time, Joanna insisted that Gary treated her like a sister, but Ashton didn’t believe it. 
However, now, he thought it might be true. 
Perhaps Gary had suspected this all along, which was why he took even greater care of Joanna. 
As for Madam White... 
Considering her attitude towards Joanna tonight, it was as if she was her own daughter. 
If Joanna Lawrence was really the daughter of the White family, Ashton Heath thought that it might be a good thing for him after all.
###Chapter 1236: Chapter 1233: None of You Are Children of the Lawrence Family
Although, regardless of her background, he wouldn’t mind. 
However, if she could have the identity of the daughter of the White family, it would definitely be a good thing for her. 
With the protection of the Heath family, and the addition of the White family, no one would dare to treat her unfairly in the future. 
By then, even Lady Octavia might not have any more ions. 
Although Ashton Heath has already chosen Joanna Lawrence, and no matter what others think, he could never leave her, Lady Octavia is still his mother after all. 
If their relationship could be accepted by Lady Octavia, it would be the best outcome. 
Ashton knows his mother all too well. 
Her dissatisfaction with Joanna has always been due to the perception that her background isn’t good enough. 
But the identity of the daughter of the White family would be a perfect match for the Heath family in terms of social and economic status. 
"How do I feel about Madam White?" Joanna Lawrence was silent for a while, and thought seriously for a while, before she replied, "I can’t describe the exact feeling, but I just feel very close to her when I see her." 
"Do you have the urge to get close to her?" 
"Yes." 
"So you really like her?" 
"...Yes, I guess." 
"So, have you ever thought that maybe you might be a member of the White family? Maybe, like Jeremy, you are not a child of the Lawrence family." 
Joanna Lawrence was stunned again. 
Previously, she thought there was absolutely no chance of this happening. 
But now, after Ashton Heath’s words, she felt that it was not entirely impossible. 
However, Joanna still found it difficult to accept this fact. 
At least for now, she couldn’t accept it. 
"I don’t think it’s possible," Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment and still thought that the possibility was very small, "How can there be such a coincidence? Just found out that Jeremy belongs to your Heath family, then I’m not a member of the Lawrence family as well."
"Indeed, everything now may be just our speculations." Ashton Heath noticed that she seemed to have difficulty accepting the situation, so he didn’t continue on the topic. He changed the subject, "Let’s not talk about this for now, let’s talk about Jeremy." 
"Now that the Paternity Test results are out, my suggestion is to go to Jeremy tomorrow and tell him about it." Ashton Heath’s fingers gently tapped the table, "Grandma can’t wait any longer, she’s been asking me about it." 
"My Uncle Damien also hopes that Jeremy can acknowledge his relationship with the Heath family as early as possible." 
After Ashton said that, he looked up at her: "What do you think?" 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t have any ion. Regardless of whether Jeremy would ultimately accept the Heath family’s acknowledgment, he had the right to know about it. 
She nodded, "Alright, let’s go together to find Jeremy tomorrow." 
* 
She had a dreamless night. 
The next day, after waking up, Joanna Lawrence sent a message to Jeremy Lawrence, agreeing to meet for lunch. 
After she sent the message to Jeremy, she received a Twitter message from Madam White. 
The Twitter name Madam White used had a very peaceful feeling, called "Orchid in Peace", and the profile picture was an orchid. 
Orchid in Peace: Joanna, are you awake? I heard from Frank that your movie will start shooting in a few days, so you’ll be staying in Closia for these days, right? Has Ashton gone to work? Aunt White wants to invite you to lunch together, do you have time? 
Since hearing Ashton’s analysis last night, Joanna Lawrence has had a subtle feeling towards Madam White. 
She had just agreed to have lunch with Jeremy, so naturally, she couldn’t accompany Madam White as well.
###Chapter 1237: Chapter 1234: You’ll come over tonight, right?
She graciously refused: I’m sorry, Madam White. I already have a lunch appointment, can we reschedule? 
Madam White: You have someone to meet at noon? I was going to ask you what you like to eat and cook it for you. Seems like I won’t have that chance today. 
It isn’t hard to detect some sense of loss in Madam White’s words. 
Joanna immediately felt a pang of guilt and quickly sent another message explaining: Ashton and I are going to see my younger brother at noon, and we probably won’t have anything else to do in the evening. If I have time in the evening, and if Madam White doesn’t mind my bothering you, I’ll come and see you. How about that? 
This time, Madam White replied quickly: Of course, you are always welcome. If you decide to come, let me know in advance, and I will personally cook dinner for both of you! 
Madam White, who sounded disappointed just a moment ago, suddenly became happy again. 
She sent out several messages in rapid succession 
First asking Joanna what she likes to eat, then asking what Ashton prefers. 
Joanna talked with her for more than an hour. 
When it was almost time, she took a car to Ashton’s company to wait for him to finish work so they could go together to see Jeremy. 
* 
When she arrived, Ashton was still busy. 
Joanna didn’t want to disturb him, so she asked his secretary to make her a cup of coffee and sat on the couch playing with her phone while waiting for him to finish. 
Joanna was scrolling through Twitter Moments. 
Seeing that there was a new update, she clicked on it. 
The people she had added on Twitter weren’t many, mostly work-related acquaintances, and the updates in the Moments were mostly related to their circle. 
So Madam White’s tweet stood out as being rather different. 
Madam White posted a set of photos, of her watering flowers in the garden. 
There was also a fat orange cat in the photos, leisurely lounging on a tree branch, looking aloofly at Madam White watering flowers beneath the tree. 
Joanna found the chubby orange cat simply adorable at first sight. 
She liked Madam White’s tweet and commented: Hahaha, sure enough, the fat orange cat steals the show. It’s so fat it doesn’t even have a neck. So cute. 
Madam White, who was likely on her phone, quickly replied: Joanna, do you like this cat? It’s a stray cat around here, I named it Orange. Orange is very cute, come over earlier this evening and I will show you Orange. 
Joanna replied with an okay. 
After a while, Joanna noticed that Madam White had updated her Moments again. 
Perhaps it was because Joanna had commented that the cat was cute. 
This time, Madam White uploaded a set of nine pictures of the orange cat on a tic-tac-toe board. 
All the pictures were of Orange from different angles and positions; the camera was so close it was almost touching the cat’s face. 
After posting the pictures, Madam White sent her a private message: Joanna, isn’t Orange just adorable? Trust me, it’s even cuter in person than in these pictures. This cat is a bit wild, sometimes it runs off and doesn’t show up for days, so I had someone catch it just now. By the time you come, you will be able to see it. 
Madam White, as if she’s afraid Joanna won’t come over in the evening, quickly sent another message: Joanna, you will come tonight, right? 
Now Joanna understood. 
Madam White was probably afraid that Joanna wouldn’t come in the evening, so when she discovered Joanna’s fondness for cats, she posted pictures of Orange to entice her.
###Chapter 1238: Chapter 1235: I Think I Can Do It Again
Joanna Lawrence’s emotions: ... 
Ever since she found out the real reason why Madam White was so kind to her, Joanna has felt pressured. 
She fears that Madam White holds too high expectations and hopes for her, and will be extremely disappointed once she discovers that Joanna has no relationship with the White family. 
She also fears she herself will be heartbroken. 
Therefore, Joanna feels it’s necessary to clarify things with Madam White. 
That is also why she decided to visit the White family that evening. 
Joanna scrolled through Twitter for a while and then opened her blog to have a look. 
As soon as she checked, she saw that she had made it to the hot topics again. 
#JoannaLawrenceMysteriousBoyfriendRevealed# 
#JoannaLawrenceRichBoyfriendShadowKiller# 
#ShatterTheRumors, is Joanna’s boyfriend a tall, rich, and handsome man?# 
Seeing that she occupied three hot topics all by herself, Joanna was at a lost for words for a while, before clicking into the search to find out what had happened. 
A few minutes later, she exited the hot search. 
It turns out that there was a rumor suggesting she was dating an old man. 
Then this rumor, somehow, sustained and manifested so much that it detailed how old her boyfriend is, how tall he was, and even saying he had a beer belly. 
In short, from the mouth of those rumormongers, the description was of a tacky and overweight old man, who has a beer belly, shorter than 165 cm, but weighs over 160 kg. 
Then, some jealous people even claimed that if they break up, they would never believe in money again. 
Many girls said that no matter how wealthy such an old man is, they couldn’t tolerate him, implying that Joanna has a wide-ranging, unconventional taste. 
They even warned her to be careful lest she get stomach problems. 
In short, no one was willing to believe that she, a D-list actress, could have a tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend. 
And that he was not just a tall, rich, and handsome man, but one who had a close relationship with big shots like Mr. Parker and the young master of the Luther family. 
In their view, these young masters from top wealthy families would never date girls from the entertainment industry. 
Even if they did, they certainly wouldn’t be dating a D-list actress. 
Taking them out would be an embarrassment. 
The reason she and Ashton made the hot search was due to a blog user named "DeterminedToMakeMoreMoney" who refuted these comments. 
She claimed to be a staff member in a store and said Joanna took her boyfriend to their store to try on clothes, and not only was her boyfriend not a tacky and overweight old man, but a super handsome and stylish young guy. 
He looked to be around twenty-four or five. 
Because they couldn’t leak a customer’s information, she could not post his front-facing photo. 
But to prove she wasn’t making this up, she shared a picture of his back silhouette. 
As soon as Joanna saw that silhouette, she knew which shop the whistleblower worked in. 
It was the day when she and Ashton went to a private shop to try on formal dresses. 
The whistleblower must be an employee of that shop. 
Although the shared photo only showed a back silhouette, anyone could tell that no matter how this man looked, he definitely wasn’t old. 
From just a silhouette, it was clear that he had a great figure; he was definitely young. 
Ashton was the type of person who could charm anyone from any angle; even the silhouette shared by the shop assistant made the blog’s commentators go crazy. 
User A: Ahhh, after seeing this silhouette, I feel rejuvenated.
###Chapter 1239: Chapter 1236: Boyfriend Is Too Handsome
Netizen B: Mommy, I’m in love again. Who would believe that I’m actually moved by someone’s back? 
Netizen C: Those who said he’s tacky and overweight as well as a 5-foot 5-inch tall old man, come out and get slapped. His height is at least 6 feet 1 inch. 
Netizen D: I’ve seen Joanna’s boyfriend once. If she hasn’t changed her boyfriend, it should be the one who came to our school before. He’s indeed a super handsome guy, so handsome that it makes your legs go weak. Each time he came to our school, he drove a Rolls-Royce, so you could tell he was really rich back then. Although I’m jealous too, it’s hilarious to say that she’s gold digging a tacky and overweight old man. 
Netizen F: I’ve also seen her tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend once. I swear with both hands and feet, his appearance is absolutely stunning. I respect Joanna’s ability to choose boyfriends, every one of them is more handsome than the last. You can criticize her for other things, but she really can’t be criticized for her choice in men. 
Anyway, because of the photo released by that store employee, 
Joanna and Ashton Heath have gone on the hot search list again.
Joanna had no idea that someone had said Ashton Heath was tacky and overweight. 
After seeing the hot search, she thought about it and felt the need to make a clarification. 
Her husband is so handsome that it makes people furious. Can someone really accuse him of being a 5-foot 5-inch tall Mediterranean old man? 
That’s too much. 
If they criticized other aspects of Ashton Heath, she could bear it. 
But criticizing Ashton’s appearance, she couldn’t stand it. 
Joanna gave it some thought and took a photo of Ashton Heath as he was focused on reading a document. 
He was wearing a luxurious white shirt, with its sleeves rolled up, revealing his strong, powerful arms. When he bent his elbow, faint blue veins were visible. 
The slender, well-defined fingers held a pen, which in his hand, looked like a piece of art. 
A few buttons on his white shirt were undone, showing his tempting Adam’s apple and collarbones. 
Looking further down, the faintly visible muscles on his chest were even more irresistible. 
Joanna deliberately chose this angle for the photo. 
This way, people couldn’t see what Ashton looked like but could confirm that he wasn’t a decrepit old man. 
After taking the photo, she used photo editing software to blur the surroundings, then uploaded the edited image to her Blog. 
A minute later, 
some netizens who were scrolling through hot searches to gossip discovered that Joanna, one of the protagonists of the hot search incident, had just posted a fresh update on her Blog. 
JoannaV: Because you’re an outsider, I don’t want you to get involved in the drama of the entertainment industry, so I don’t want too many people to know about you. But calling you a decrepit old man? Whose decrepit old man looks like this? 
Attached was the office photo she had just edited. 
Joanna didn’t even inform Ashton Heath before sending the Blog post. 
One minute later, there were over 5,000 comments. 
Once this photo was posted, her fans, some anti-fans, and passersby all jumped out. 
Joanna’s beloved: Wow, Joanna finally updated her Blog to hit back at the anti-fans. Is Joanna with her boyfriend now? He’s so handsome, I actually thought it was a still from a TV series at first, hahaha. 
A bottle of milk every day: Such a handsome boyfriend was mistaken for a decrepit old man, Joanna must have had enough. Hahaha, but can Joanna be more generous next time and give us a full face shot?
###Chapter 1240: Chapter 1237: When did she ever say that?
Curious Bystander: As a total stranger, I must say I have no resistance to a man who’s seriously working. After careful evaluation, even though I can’t see his face from this angle, he’s definitely a handsome guy. And his body looks great; I think I see some pecs. 
Anti-fans, of course, have to find something to criticize no matter what they see: What’s so handsome about him? He doesn’t even dare to post a clear frontal photo, only using vague images. Even if he’s not 165 cm, or an old man, he probably isn’t that good-looking. You guys act like you’ve never seen a man before, swooning over someone whose face you can’t even see. 
In the past, Joanna’s comment section was full of anti-fans flooding the chat. 
And they were pretty successful in doing so. 
But this time, the anti-fans failed to consider one thing. 
Although women can be harsh toward other women, it doesn’t mean they are equally harsh toward men. 
On the contrary, women are usually more lenient with men, especially good-looking men. 
So this time, as soon as the anti-fans made their move, they were immediately swarmed by fans attracted by Ashton Heath’s silhouette and work photos. 
These loyal fans were unexpectedly strong, something paid anti-fans simply couldn’t compete with. 
In no time, the anti-fans were silenced by the loyal fans’ counterattacks. 
Even if some anti-fans tried to comment again, they were quickly drowned out by the fan base. 
Jojthe comment section was unusually calm and peaceful for once. 
Joanna Lawrence watched the whole process in disbelief. 
She slowly looked up at a certain man who was still intently reviewing documents, realizing for the first time the great power of being a "drop-dead gorgeous man." 
She hadn’t even let Ashton Heath show his full face yet, and he had already gained quite a few female fans. 
If he were to reveal his face one day... 
Joanna suddenly felt a strong sense of crisis. 
No, she had to hide Ashton Heath! 
She didn’t want those people to see what he looked like. 
Perhaps her possessive gaze was too intense, the man who had been intently working seemed to sense something and slowly looked up. 
Their eyes met, and Ashton seemed surprised, raising an eyebrow. 
After a few seconds of eye contact, he closed the documents and the laptop on the table.
Then he stood up and walked over to Joanna. 
"Sorry, I’ve neglected you for too long," he said. 
He clearly misunderstood her gaze. Stopping by her side, he reached out and pulled her up. 
Before Joanna could react, he was holding her jaw, and his warm lips pressed against hers. 
"Hmm..." 
Caught off guard by the sudden kiss, she struggled for just a moment before closing her eyes. 
Ten minutes later... 
She panted, leaning against his chest. 
The man’s breathing seemed steadier than hers, not as hurried and chaotic. 
However, Joanna clearly heard his heart pounding wildly, nowhere near as calm and collected as he appeared to be. 
"Ashton Heath, what are you doing? Are you done with your work?" Joanna caught her breath in his arms, finally regaining her composure. 
The man gently stroked her soft cheeks with his fingertips, his voice low and hoarse, "Didn’t you want me to kiss you?" 
Joanna: "" 
When did she ever say that? 
She suddenly remembered Ashton Heath’s gaze when they locked eyes earlier... 
Did he think that the way she looked at him earlier was a signal for him to kiss her? 
Joanna thought about his series of reactions and actions and decided that he must have misunderstood.
###Chapter 1241: Chapter 1238: Do You Really Not Know?
Joanna Lawrence thought about all of his actions and behavior, and concluded that he definitely misunderstood her. 
That was clearly a possessive gaze, okay? 
She just wanted to keep him hidden, and not let others discover her possessive desire! 
But he mistook it as her asking for a kiss... 
Well, considering that the kiss felt quite good and she enjoyed it, she was too lazy to explain further. 
Since he misunderstood, just let him misunderstand then. 
"Alright, you should get back to work. We’ll go find Jeremy after you’re done." After their amorous moment, Joanna Lawrence pushed him a little, urging him to work. 
Ashton Heath didn’t move. He leaned down to the top of her head, took a deep breath, and in a husky, sexy voice that was irresistibly charming, he said, "I won’t be able to finish all those tasks in a short time anyway, so I’ll handle them when we get back. Let me pack up, and then we can go find Jeremy." 
Joanna Lawrence knew that he was a very organized person, so she had no ions to his arrangements. She nodded and said, "Alright, I’ll let Jeremy know now." 
"Mm." 
Ashton Heath leaned down to kiss the top of her head and released her. "I’ll call Cody Aberton in to give him some instructions." 
"Ashton Heath." 
At the moment he turned around, Joanna Lawrence suddenly remembered the fact that she had just posted on her Blog and grabbed his hand. 
Although she knew he wouldn’t mind, she still had to inform him. 
"Hm?" The man turned back, his eyes as deep and alluring as a starry night sky, gazing at her. 
Joanna Lawrence’s heart skipped a beat, and she was helplessly electrified by her own husband. 
"I just took a photo of you." She swallowed and said, "I posted it on my Blog, you don’t mind, do you?" 
"Hmm? You took a photo of me? When? How come you suddenly thought of taking a photo of me?" The man seemed somewhat surprised and asked several questions in a row. 
His surprise was due to the fact that Joanna rarely took photos of him. 
"Just now." Joanna Lawrence took out her phone, scrolled to the Blog post, and handed it to him. "I just found out today that some people online are calling you an old geezer. I had to make a clarification, you’re definitely not an old geezer." 
"But I only posted a picture of you working with your head down, and your face is hardly visible. Do you know how exaggerated my comment section is? So many people are claiming to have become your fans because of your looks." 
Joanna Lawrence thought this group of people was way too over-the-top. 
Even with his face barely visible, they’d become fans of his looks? 
Ashton Heath nodded, indicating that he understood. 
He took the phone and looked at the photo Joanna took of him. After a while, the corner of his lips slowly curled upward. 
He also browsed the comment section for a moment. 
A short while later, he handed the phone back to Joanna Lawrence. Remembering a comment he saw in the comment section, he asked with a puzzled tone, "I just looked at the comments, and someone said something about ’wanting to lick the screen.’ What does that mean?" 
"Cough, cough, cough." Joanna Lawrence was grateful she wasn’t drinking anything, otherwise, she would have definitely spat it all out. 
"You really don’t know?" She blinked her eyes, which were a bit watery from the intense coughing. 
Ashton Heath shook his head, "I don’t know." 
Joanna initially wanted to say that he was only 26 years old, so it was strange that he wouldn’t know internet slang. 
However, she then recalled that he rarely browsed Blog and figured his ignorance was normal. 
Seeing him asking so seriously, Joanna tried to hold back her laughter and answered earnestly, "It means that you are really handsome, so handsome that they can’t help but want to lick the screen when they see your photos."
###Chapter 1242: Chapter 1239: She’s thinking about how to start the conversation.
Ashton Heath’s brow furrowed instantly. 
His impression of the term "lick the screen" instantly soured. 
He didn’t want any other women to lick their screens over him. 
Only Joanna Lawrence was allowed to do that. 
However, Joanna was his wife, and she could do anything she wanted with him anytime, so there was no need for her to "lick the screen." 
"Joanna." 
Ashton grabbed Joanna’s hand, and under her slightly surprised gaze, he earnestly promised her word by word, "I am yours. I am yours no matter what. So don’t pay attention to what other women say; they can never have me." 
"Only you have the right to possess me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
His sudden seriousness made her feel a little uncomfortable. 
But she loved such sweet words. 
She looked up at the man’s deep and affectionate eyes, smiled, took a step forward, stood on her tiptoes, and hooked her slender arm around his neck. For the first time, she said to him in a strong and assertive voice, "Yes, Ashton Heath, you are mine. You cannot have feelings for any other woman besides me. You can only belong to me alone in this life." 
* 
To make things convenient for Jeremy Lawrence, Ashton and Joanna chose a restaurant near his school. 
After arriving at the restaurant, the wait staff led them to a reserved private room. 
Once the wait staff left. 
Jeremy sat uneasily across from the couple, his hands tightly clasped together. He glanced at Ashton, then at Joanna, and asked, "Sis, bro-in-law, what’s the matter with you guys asking to see me? Is it... is there a problem with my surgery?" 
Since he was attending boarding school. 
Joanna usually met with him on weekends during breaks. 
She rarely visited his school on non-holiday days. 
Jeremy felt that something was amiss. 
Seeing Joanna’s hesitating expression, he was even more certain of his conjecture. 
There was something wrong with his sister. 
After thinking about it, Jeremy felt that it was most likely related to his upcoming surgery. 
"No, it’s not about your surgery." Seeing Jeremy’s anxiety, Joanna immediately denied it, "Ashton said that your surgery can be done in a little while, and with him as the chief surgeon, there won’t be any problems." 
"Not about my surgery?" 
Jeremy was even more curious as he breathed a sigh of relief, "Then what is it? Sis, bro-in-law, you must have something to tell me, right?" 
Joanna pursed her lips and turned to look at Ashton. 
She was thinking about how to broach the subject. 
Even though she and Jeremy were close, she didn’t know how he would react if he learned about his real identity. 
Would he accept it or not? 
But no matter what, this matter had to be told to Jeremy eventually. 
Ashton met her gaze, held her hand lightly, and signaled with his eyes not to worry. 
Then, holding her hand, he turned his gaze to Jeremy, thought for a moment, and spoke softly, "Jeremy, your sister and I indeed have something to tell you today." 
Jeremy had already guessed it, so his reaction was calm. 
"Okay, sis, bro-in-law, just tell me directly." He paused, obviously still nervous but trying to appear nonchalant, "No matter what it is, I can handle
###Chapter 1243: Chapter 1240: The Paternity Test Results, They Can’t Be Wrong
"Okay." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed slightly, and after a few seconds of silence, he spoke: "Jeremy, this matter is related to your background." 
"Related to my background?" Jeremy Lawrence looked confused and asked Joanna Lawrence, "Joanna, what does Ashton mean?" 
"Jeremy, you..." Joanna took a deep breath, waited for her emotions to calm down slightly, then looked into Jeremy’s eyes, thought about it, and decided to tell him directly, "Do you remember when we went to Ashton’s house that day, there was an uncle who looked very much like you?" 
Jeremy: "I remember." 
It was precisely because he looked so much like him that it left a deep impression on him. 
Joanna paused for a moment before continuing, "Jeremy, he is actually... actually your... biological father." 
Looking at Jeremy’s eyes widened in shock and disbelief, Ashton gently patted Joanna’s back of her hand and said the next part for her: "Jeremy, I’m sorry that we’ve hidden some things from you. The person you saw that day who looked like you was my Uncle Damien. He had a son who was taken away by someone shortly after he was born, and his whereabouts have remained unknown ever since." 
"Over the years, my Uncle Damien tried to search for him, but finding someone in this vast ocean of people is as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack." 
"Moreover, the reason why the child was taken away in the first place was due to some family conflicts. He was taken away by a bad person. So, the people in our family didn’t have much hope for that child, and everyone thought he might already be dead." 
"That day when I took you home, Grandma noticed that you and Uncle Damien looked very much alike. Your age coincided with that of the son whose whereabouts were unknown. As a result, Grandma became suspicious and asked me to investigate some things." 
"Jeremy." Ashton looked at Jeremy’s incredulous expression, paused for a moment, and said in a deep voice, "My people found out that you were taken from the orphanage by the Lawrence family. Also, without your knowledge that day, I took your hair and had a paternity test done with my Uncle Damien." 
"The paternity test results showed that you are father and son." 
As Ashton spoke, he gave Joanna a signal. 
Joanna took the paternity test results out of her bag. 
She looked at Jeremy with a complicated gaze, her eyes filled with concern and worry, and handed the paternity test results over to him: "Jeremy, this is the paternity test results. You... take a look." 
Jeremy looked at her in shock, then glanced at the paternity test results in her hand. 
It took him a long while to come back to his senses, and he slowly reached out to take the results. 
A moment later. 
Joanna saw that Jeremy’s fingers, holding the paternity test results, seemed to be trembling. 
She and Ashton remained silent, waiting for Jeremy to finish reading. 
Jeremy must have finished reading by now. 
But judging from his reaction at the moment, it seemed that he could not accept the fact for the time being. 
After waiting for several more minutes, Jeremy finally raised his head with some response. 
"Joanna, so you’re saying, you and I are not siblings by blood?" Jeremy’s eyes were slightly red, and his fists clenched tighter and tighter. 
"Jeremy, whether or not we have a blood relationship, in my heart, you are my own brother. For the rest of my life." Joanna said emphatically, one word at a time. 
Jeremy pursed his lips tightly, then looked down at the paternity test results again. 
It was written clearly and plainly. 
The test results could not be wrong.
###Chapter 1244: Chapter 1241: You Have the Right to Choose Freely
Jeremy Lawrence also knew that Ashton Heath couldn’t possibly deceive him about such a matter. 
He thought back to the man he saw that night. 
At the time, he felt that the man’s gaze upon him was somewhat strange. 
That man looked very, very similar to him; so much so that when Jeremy first saw him, he was also quite shocked. 
So, were they father and son? 
That’s why they looked so alike. 
"I’m going to the restroom." Ashton Heath could tell that the two siblings must have something they wanted to discuss, and Jeremy might not feel comfortable talking with him there. 
So he made an excuse to leave and walked out of the private room. 
Now, only Jeremy Lawrence and Joanna Lawrence were left in the private room. 
Seeing Jeremy’s appearance at this moment, Joanna felt a bit heartbroken: "Jeremy, I know you might not be able to accept this news for the time being. But no matter if you belong to the Lawrence family or not, and whose blood flows through your veins, in my heart, you will always be my dearest younger brother." 
"Our relationship will not change because of this." 
"Unless you don’t want me as your sister." 
"How could that be possible?" Jeremy immediately refuted, "Sis, you are my sister for a lifetime. I don’t care about the Lawrence or Heath families, only that you are my closest relative." 
"Sis, I just think it’s too sudden." Jeremy looked like a lost child at a crossroads with a bewildered and uneasy expression, "How did I become a child of the Heath family? My last name is Lawrence, and I grew up in the Lawrence family. Dad also said that I am his biological son." 
"But now..." Jeremy clenched his fists, "Sis, is this really true? It feels like I’m dreaming." 
"Jeremy, I understand how you feel right now." Joanna got up, walked slowly to his side, and sat down. She took his trembling hand and squeezed it tightly, "I know you can’t accept this reality for the moment. Your sister-in-law and I just want to tell you the truth. Whether you want to return to the Heath family or recognize your biological father, we will not interfere with your decision. You can take your time with this and think about it. No matter what decision you make, I will support you." 
"Sis." Jeremy’s eyes reddened, and his voice choked, obviously frightened and uneasy. 
He held Joanna’s hand tightly: "No matter what happens in the future, we will always be siblings, right? Our relationship will not change because of any other matters, right?" 
"Of course. No matter what happens, Jeremy, you will always be my dearest younger brother." Joanna saw the unease in the young man beside her and gently reassured him, "Jeremy, you don’t need to feel guilty at all. Your sister-in-law and I believe you should know the truth, but no one will force you to choose." 
"You have the freedom to choose." 
The young man’s clear and pitch-black eyes twinkled, revealing a mixture of bewilderment, helplessness, and confusion. 
He stared blankly at Joanna: "Can I really choose whatever I want?" 
"Yes, you can choose whatever you want." 
"No one will force me?" 
"No." 
"Sis, I’d like to think it over." Jeremy fell silent for a long time, and the confusion in his eyes gradually faded, as if he had begun to accept the truth. 
He looked at Joanna, hesitated for a moment, and whispered softly, "I will think about it carefully." 
* 
On the other side. 
Annie Lawrence looked anxiously at Madam White sitting opposite her, her heart filled with both trepidation and expectation.
###Chapter 1245: Chapter 1242: Could I Possibly be Your Daughter?
She had waited an entire night, full of worry for the whole time. 
She was afraid that there would be no further response from Madam White. 
Luckily, she finally received a call from Madam White. 
Annie Lawrence steadied her nerves, suppressing her excitement and eagerness, feigning calm as she spoke, "Madam White, may I ask why you are searching for me?" 
Madam White looked at her with mixed feelings, remained silent for a while before finally speaking, "Miss Joanna, you told me yesterday that you are the adopted daughter of the Lawrence family?" 
"Yes, that’s right."
"The birthmark on your body, it was branded for identification by your parents?" 
Annie Lawrence took a deep breath, her clenched fists trembling, heart racing as she said, "Yes, that’s right." 
"Ms. Joanna, I think I should be straightforward." Madam White picked up her coffee from the table and took a sip. Looking at Annie Lawrence sitting opposite her, her feelings were indescribable. 
Even though the girl sitting across her was very likely her long-lost daughter. 
Yet, she still didn’t have any fondness for her. 
Nor did she have any intention of getting close to her. 
If Annie were truly her daughter, it would be quite tragic. 
She disliked her own biological daughter, but had a fondness for a girl with no genetic ties to her. 
"Ms. Joanna, I once had a daughter. Due to certain circumstances back then, I had to give her away to one of my husband’s subordinates. I branded a red birthmark on her, so I could recognize her in the future." 
Annie Lawrence widened her eyes in shock, pretending to be incredibly startled: "Madam White, you...?" 
Madam White looked straight at her, "The birthmark on you is the same as the one I branded on my daughter. You are not the biological daughter of the Lawrence family. Your biological parents also had to give you away due to some unforeseen circumstances." 
"For all these years, we’ve been looking for Cecilia. Cecilia was the nickname I gave to my daughter, who was born on February 14." 
"Everything about you matches my daughter’s characteristics. Therefore, I’m asking you to go through a paternity test. I know it’s hard for you to accept all of this suddenly, but..." 
"I’ve been searching for Cecilia for over ten years." 
"If you are really Cecilia, I hope us mother and daughter can recognize each other as soon as possible." 
Annie Lawrence suddenly knocked over the coffee on the table. 
A look of disbelief spread across her face: "Madam White, are you suggesting that I...I might be your daughter?" 
"Yes, but we are still not sure," Madam White looked at her shocked expression, then softened her tone with a sigh, "Annie, didn’t you say before that you still wish to find your real parents?" 
"Are you willing to go to the hospital for a paternity test with me?" 
Annie Lawrence was extremely excited, but looked frightened and helpless on the surface. 
She stared blankly at Madam White, her eyes turning red. 
"Madam White, could you... could you really be my mother?" Annie Lawrence bit her lip, her voice choked with emotion, tears welled up in her eyes as she looked pitifully at Madam White. "Am I dreaming?" 
Madam White was naturally soft-hearted and kind. 
Even though she did not like Annie Lawrence, seeing her in such a pitiful state, thinking that she might be her daughter, she felt guilty as a mother who had failed her.
###Chapter 1246: Chapter 1243: The Relationship of Mother and Daughter
However much she disliked her, she was still her flesh and blood. 
How could she despise her? 
Her voice became even softer as she took a handkerchief from her bag and handed it over: "Don’t cry anymore, wipe your tears quickly. There are some things I can’t say for sure right now, but your encounter with Cecilia is almost identical, and you are both the same age." 
"So, I hope we can do a paternity test." Madam White fell silent for a moment, then continued, "If you really are Cecilia, and you are willing to acknowledge us, your dad and I will make it up to you and love you. Whatever we can do for you, we will do." 
Annie Lawrence lifted her already swollen eyes. 
She spoke, her voice hoarse and choked: "Madam White, I am willing. I have always missed my biological parents so much and wanted to find them. I thought I would never have a chance in this life, but now.... So, whether I am your daughter or not, I am willing to accept the paternity test." 
"Even if there is only a one percent chance, I want to find my birth parents." 
"I really, really miss them." 
As she spoke, tears fell one by one onto her face. 
She looked more and more pitiful and heart-wrenching. 
Madam White couldn’t bear to watch her. 
Looking at Annie now, she didn’t find her so disgusting anymore. 
She sighed deeply in her heart: Alas, she is a pitiable child after all; I shouldn’t be so prejudiced against her. 
* 
Hospital. 
After drawing blood, Madam White and Annie Lawrence anxiously awaited the paternity test results. 
During the wait, Madam White called Gary White. 
When Gary White asked her about the situation, she told him the truth. 
"The results haven’t come out yet?" 
"Not yet, but they should be soon." Madam White gripped her phone tightly, sweating nervously from her palms. "Gary, I’m so nervous right now. What do you think, if she really is your sister, what should we do?" 
There was silence on Gary’s end for a while. 
"Mom, you just wait for the results. I’ve finished my work here, and I’ll be right over." 
"Okay, okay." Madam White quickly replied, "Please hurry over, I won’t be so panicked with you here." 
Less than a minute after Madam White hung up the phone, the doctor came out with the paternity test results. 
"Madam White, the paternity test results for you and Ms. Joanna are out." The doctor walked up to her, speaking respectfully. 
Madam White’s heart tightened as she anxiously asked, "What, what are the results?" 
Annie Lawrence next to her was even more nervous. 
Even though she knew Rebecca Kelloway had arranged everything and there would be no mistakes, she still felt uneasy until the results had come out. 
Her face and eyes couldn’t hide her anxiety as she spoke, her voice trembling: "Yes, Doctor, what are the results?" 
Her anxiety this time was genuine. 
The doctor glanced at her, his eyes twinkling, and handed the test report to Madam White: "Madam White, according to the results, you and Ms. Joanna have a blood relationship as mother and daughter." 
Madam White took the report and suddenly looked up. 
The doctor smiled slightly: "The test results are on the paper. Madam White can take a look. If you have any questions, please feel free to raise them." 
Annie Lawrence, upon hearing the doctor’s words, secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
She opened her sweaty palms, thinking about how from this moment on, she would be the well-bred lady of the White family, her heart filled with wild joy, and her eyes were brimming with excitement and happiness that she could barely suppress.
###Chapter 1247: Chapter 1244: Forced to Accept Reality
Madam White held the paternity test paper in a daze for a while before lowering her head to read it carefully. 
After a moment, her fingers, which were holding the test paper, trembled slightly as she slowly raised her head. 
The paternity test results clearly indicated that she and Annie were indeed mother and daughter. 
At this moment, Madam White’s emotions were incredibly complex. 
Because she had already believed in her heart that Joanna was her daughter. 
She also trusted her intuition. 
When she saw Joanna, she was particularly fond of her. This fondness was different from what she felt for Rebecca Kelloway. 
She thought that it was because Joanna was her daughter and shared her blood that she had such a special affinity for her at first sight. 
She had never had these feelings for Annie. 
Even now that the paternity test results had come out, she didn’t feel particularly joyful in her heart. 
Deep in her heart, there was actually an indescribable feeling of loss. 
Madam White felt that she shouldn’t have such thoughts. 
No matter how bad Annie might be, it was now confirmed that she was Cecilia. 
How could she be so resentful of her own daughter? 
But she didn’t want to deceive herself; the sense of loss in her heart really overwhelmed the joy of finding her daughter. 
"Doctor, is it true that Madam White and I are really mother and daughter?" Annie noticed that Madam White didn’t seem too happy, and although she secretly resented it, she also felt satisfied and triumphant. 
Even if Madam White didn’t like her, so what? 
Could she still refuse to acknowledge her "daughter"? 
Annie didn’t need the affection of the White family. As long as she had the identity of the daughter of the White family, she could easily have everything she wanted in the future. 
Whether Madam White or Gary White liked her or not was not that important. 
Didn’t they like Joanna a lot? 
Now that the paternity test had come out, could they still treat Joanna as well as before? 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna," the doctor said, looking at her. "According to the test results, you and Madam White are indeed mother and daughter. Congratulations to Madam White and Ms. Joanna on finally acknowledging each other as mother and daughter." 
Annie immediately covered her mouth, her eyes reddening in an instant as she looked at Madam White with tear-filled eyes. 
Madam White slowly turned her head, looking at her with a complicated gaze. 
After the doctor finished speaking, he turned and left. 
The other unrelated people also left one after another. 
The corridor suddenly became quiet. 
Annie’s tears fell one by one as she bit her lip and looked at Madam White without speaking. 
"Annie, I didn’t expect you to be my daughter." By now, Madam White had no choice but to accept the reality, and she tried to slowly accept it from the bottom of her heart. 
Annie had not grown up to be the kind of person she liked. 
What she liked was a girl like Joanna, who was well-behaved and kind-hearted. 
But no matter how many faults Annie had, no matter how she couldn’t like her daughter in a short time, she was still her real daughter. 
The daughter she had been searching for for eighteen years, and the one she had owed for eighteen years as well. 
She shouldn’t have any more prejudices. 
Seeing Annie’s tear-streaked face, and thinking of her guilt for missing out on so many years, Madam White couldn’t help but feel guilty. 
She walked over, gently holding one of Annie’s hands, and said softly, "Annie, are you... are you still willing to acknowledge me as your Mom? I didn’t intend to send you away back then, I only wanted to protect you. But no matter what, I haven’t been able to be by your side for over a decade. Mom owes you a lot."
###Chapter 1248: Chapter 1245: Feelings Can Be Gradually Cultivated
"No matter what decision you make, Mom can understand." 
"Madam White..." Annie Lawrence seemed to have cried her heart out, her shoulders trembling, and she sobbed, "Am I...am I not dreaming? Are you really my mother?" 
"It’s true." 
Madam White still couldn’t bring herself to like Annie. 
However, seeing her own daughter cry like this, she couldn’t bear it. 
After hesitating for a few seconds, she reached out, gently pulled Annie into her arms, and spoke tenderly, "As long as you’re willing to accept me, I’m of course your mother. Annie, don’t cry, it’s Mom who’s sorry for not finding you sooner. Are you willing to give Mom a chance to make amends?" 
"Will you come home with Mom? Your dad, your brother Gary, and I will treat you well in the future." 
Annie collapsed into her arms, hugging her and crying even more sadly. 
She couldn’t stop sobbing, her body seemed to tremble. 
Seeing her like this, Madam White was even more reluctant to part with her. 
She thought, it didn’t matter if she didn’t like Annie now. 
Feelings could gradually be cultivated. 
And Annie’s flaws and shortcomings could be slowly corrected in the future. 
She couldn’t reject her daughter just because she didn’t meet her expectations, unwilling to open her heart to accept her. 
Even if Annie were a beggar now. 
Would she abandon her then? 
The fact that her Cecilia had survived safely until now was already a blessing. 
As for other things, she shouldn’t ask too much. 
With these thoughts, Madam White’s mood calmed down a lot, and she no longer found Annie as repulsive as at first. 
She truly liked Joanna. 
It’s just that, there was no mother-daughter fate between them in this lifetime. 
However, Annie and Joanna were now sisters, so by recognizing Annie, she would also be essentially forming a mother-daughter relationship with Joanna. 
After comforting herself with these thoughts, Madam White felt slightly better. 
"I...I..." Although Annie was willing in her heart, a thousand times over, she pretended to be hesitant and troubled, "But, if I go back to the White family, my adoptive father and mother will definitely be sad." 
"They raised me, I can’t...I can’t just abandon them." 
Because of Annie’s words, Madam White’s impression of her improved instantly. 
She liked filial children. 
Annie was still thinking of her adoptive parents and considering their feelings, which added a lot of points in Madam White’s heart. 
"Of course, we don’t want you to abandon them. You have a duty to your adoptive parents. If you abandon them, it would be so ungrateful. Annie, even if we acknowledge each other as mother-daughter, they are still your father and mother." 
"Asking you to return to the White family isn’t asking you to abandon your previous home. In the future, whether it’s the Lawrence family or the White family, both will be your home. Our family still needs to show gratitude to your adoptive parents; they have done a great kindness to both you and the White family." 
"If you’re willing, you can have two homes in the future." 
"If you’re not willing..." 
Before Madam White could finish speaking, Annie raised her tearful and swollen eyes, filled with longing, and said, "I’m willing, I’ve been thinking about you all for more than ten years. I’ve always wanted to find my birth parents."
###Chapter 1249: Chapter 1246: They’re Still Doubting Her!
"Madam White, can I...?" Annie’s face showed nervousness and tension, as she clenched her lips, her eyes filled with unease and caution, saying hesitantly, "Can I call you mom?" 
"Of course, you can. We are really mother and daughter." Madam White saw her eyes and nose red from crying; her face covered in tears. She sighed gently and couldn’t bear to wipe the teardrops on her face. "Annie, are you willing to accept me as your mother then?" 
"Yes!" 
Annie nodded heavily, then glanced tearfully at Madam White for a while, opened her mouth, and whispered softly, "Mom." 
Upon hearing this, Madam White’s eyes became moist as well. 
She looked at Annie, full of inner feelings. 
Her daughter, who had been missing for more than ten years, she finally found her. 
From now on, their family of four would reunite for real. 
* 
When Gary White rushed home and entered the living room, he saw Madam White and Annie sitting on the couch, talking. 
Madam White held her hand, her expression gentle. 
Hearing footsteps, Madam White looked up and smiled when she saw Gary, saying, "Frank, you’re back. Come and talk with your sister. We were just talking about you." 
Sister? 
Gary White glanced at Annie, who was sitting with Madam White, the corner of his lips slowly curling into a cold smile as he walked over. 
"Mom, are the paternity test results accurate?" Gary asked bluntly in front of Annie without considering her feelings, "Did the doctor only do it once? Not a few more times?" 
Madam White was taken aback, and her face changed slightly. "Frank, what are you talking about? There’s no need for multiple tests!" 
Gary White hooked his lips, but there was no humor in his eyes. "Testing only once could be wrong. In my opinion, it’s safer to test multiple times. The White family is reputable, and we can’t just accept anyone casually when it comes to recognizing relatives." 
"Mom, our family has been searching for Cecilia for eighteen years. If we find the wrong person and let someone with ulterior motives take advantage, it would become a joke." 
As Gary White spoke, his gaze was fixed on Annie. 
When Annie looked up and met his sharp and scrutinizing gaze, she felt a sudden panic in her heart, and her eyes revealed her anxiety. 
She thought that, by now, the matter of recognizing relatives had been settled and that no accidents should occur. 
After all, they had the paternity test results. Even if Madam White and Gary previously had suspicions about her, they should have been dispelled by now. 
Moreover, Madam White had indeed accepted her now. 
Just now, Madam White was talking to her about meeting Benjamin and Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence tomorrow and discussing the matter of bringing her back to the White family. 
Madam White also mentioned that since she had suffered many grievances over the years, she couldn’t just return to the White family casually. 
At that time, they would have to hold a banquet and invite friends and relatives to formally introduce her to everyone. 
By all appearances, Madam White had completely believed her. 
She hadn’t expected Gary White to still doubt her, even after the paternity test results came out! 
Moreover, he doubted her right to her face! 
Obviously, he had not accepted her as his sister. 
The paternity test result was fake in the first place. 
So, as Gary scrutinized her, Annie still felt guilty. After taking one look at him, she quickly lowered her head, not daring to look at him any longer.
###Chapter 1250: Chapter 1247: I Do Not Accept This Outcome
"Brother, do you not believe me? Do you think I’ve deceived you all? I know I’m not good enough yet, and you must look down on me, so you’re unwilling to acknowledge me." Annie panicked for a moment, then quickly put on a sad and upset expression, rubbing her eyes and complaining, "But, brother, you can look down on me, why would you frame me?" 
As Annie spoke, her eyes reddened: "Could the paternity test be fake? Mom went with me, if I’d done something sneaky, wouldn’t she have known? Besides, if mom hadn’t told me, I wouldn’t have known that I am a member of the White family." 
"Frank." Madam White frowned, disapprovingly said, "Why do you speak so harshly? What do you mean by ’fraudulently taking someone’s place and exploiting a loophole’? I was the one who took your sister to do the paternity test, and I found the doctor." 
"Your sister has been forced to be separated from us for more than ten years, and now we have finally recognized her. Instead of being nice to her and letting her feel the warmth of family, you say these words that make her sad and upset." 
Madam White knew what was on Gary White’s mind. 
After all, she had felt the same way at the beginning. 
However, since the paternity test results had come out, she had gradually come to accept the reality. 
"Really?" 
Gary White still looked cold and indifferent: "Mom, if she really is Cecilia, I would naturally be good to her. I have only one sister, and I would not only treat her well, but I would also cherish her and protect her for the rest of her life." 
"But the so-called paternity test seems too casual and not rigorous enough to me. So, I don’t recognize the results. Since I don’t recognize them, I don’t think of her as my sister." 
"So, ..." 
Gary White did not ignore the fleeting panic and guilt in Annie’s eyes. 
His cold gaze fell on her face for a few seconds, then half-closed his eyes and looked away: "Why should I let her feel the warmth of family?" 
"Frank, you ..." 
"Mom." 
Annie suddenly stood up. 
With reddened eyes and a face full of grievance and hurt, she choked up: "I think I should leave, this place ... it doesn’t seem to welcome me. The White Family is indeed a prestigious family, and I can’t reach that status now." 
"If Mr. White thinks that I’ve deceived and manipulated, then just consider it so." 
"Anyway, I never thought I could find my family again. Knowing who my real parents are is enough for me, and recognizing relatives doesn’t matter anymore." 
Having said that, she covered her mouth, turned and prepared to leave. 
"Annie, don’t go." Madam White immediately stood up to stop her and reached out to hold her. 
"Mom, someone here doesn’t welcome me." Annie complained, "I won’t stay here." 
"Who says that, who doesn’t welcome you?" Madam White turned her head back, frowned, and glared at Gary White, "You stay, don’t leave. This will be your home from now on." 
"Your brother must have some misunderstanding, that’s why he said those things. You stay here, and I’ll go talk to your brother." 
After Madam White finished speaking, she called over a few maids: "You all take good care of the young lady." 
The maids already knew Annie’s identity and were naturally very respectful to her, the young lady who had just been found after more than ten years of searching.
###Chapter 1251: Chapter 1248: Who doesn’t want the position of the daughter of the White family?
Now that she’s finally found her way back, it’s easy to imagine how much they will treasure her in the future. 
However, looking at young master, it seems that he doesn’t seem to accept this sister. 
He even talked about the paternity test being faked, which shows how unhappy he really is. 
But having said that, they also think that Ms. Joanna doesn’t look like Madam White and Sir Darren. 
She doesn’t resemble Mr. Ashton either. 
In terms of appearance and demeanor, she doesn’t seem like someone from the White family. 
So it’s understandable that Mr. Ashton would be suspicious. 
After all, recognizing a relative is no small matter, let alone recognizing a kin of the White family. 
But can something like a paternity test be tampered with? 
* 
In the study. 
Madam White was still unhappy about Gary White’s behavior downstairs earlier and frowned, "Gary, I know you don’t like her, you like Joanna and want her to be your sister. But you shouldn’t have said those things in front of her. You hurt her feelings." 
"Whether you like her or not, she is your sister." 
"We, the White family, have owed her for more than ten years. Even if you don’t like her, you should be nice to her." 
"Mom, do you really think she is Cecilia?" Gary White looked at Madam White, and calmly said. 
"I had doubts at first." Facing her son, Madam White naturally told the truth, "But the paternity test results couldn’t be fake, could they? I’ve also considered the things you’re worried about, so I chose the doctor." 
"He wouldn’t fake it to deceive me." 
Gary White pursed his lips and was silent for a few seconds, still thinking that something was off about the situation. 
From the night of the banquet until now, every step of the development was suspicious. 
"Mom, tell me carefully, how did you discover that night that Annie Lawrence could be Cecilia?" 
Madam White recalled it and gave a detailed account of that night. 
After listening, Gary White narrowed his eyes. 
His guess was correct; there was indeed something fishy about the situation. 
"The doctor who did the test was the one you found, but what about the person who drew the blood?" After a moment of silence, he suddenly thought of a doubt. 
Madam White was startled. 
Seeing her reaction, Gary White knew the answer. 
"Mom, the person who drew the blood wasn’t the one you found, was it? There was someone else?" A cold smile appeared on the corner of Gary White’s lips, "So, things can be faked. I don’t believe in those figures, and I trust my intuition more."
"If Cecilia is really one of the two daughters of the Lawrence family, then I believe Joanna is the one from our White family." 
"Joanna looks like you, and you told me that you have a special fondness for her. I have the same feeling. But neither of us has that same feeling towards Annie Lawrence, and she doesn’t look like anyone from our family at all." 
"Do you really think she is Cecilia?" 
Madam White initially had no doubts about the paternity test results. 
But after listening to his analysis, she gradually began to have some doubts in her heart. 
"Moreover, Annie Lawrence told you that she was actually nineteen years old. The Lawrence family reduced her age by one year to protect her. Don’t you think this is a far-fetched reason?" 
Madam White’s eyebrows furrowed, and she fell silent. 
"But why would she pretend..." 
"Why?" Gary White sneered, "Who doesn’t want the position of the daughter of the White family? If there’s a chance to replace it, who wouldn’t be tempted? Besides, she can even shamelessly steal Joanna’s fiancé; what other things she can’t do?"
###Chapter 1252: Chapter 1249: Tampering with the Blood
"Mom, there’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you." 
"What?" 
Frank had never intended to expose Rebecca Kelloway’s true face. 
But since she still wouldn’t let go of Joanna Lawrence and even got involved in the White family’s affairs, he could no longer tolerate it. 
Frank then told Madam White about Rebecca’s attempt to join forces with him against Joanna that day. 
Upon hearing this, Madam White was both shocked and furious, "Is everything you said true?" 
"Mom, would I have any reason to lie to you?" 
"I never would have thought that the Kelloway family’s daughter would be such a terrible person. She pretended to be so kind, understanding, and gentle in front of me. I really thought she was a good child." 
She had even thought of trying to pair her with Frank, 
Realizing that she was fooled like a fool, Madam White trembled in anger, "She’s gone too far! Where did Joanna ever offend her? She actually wants to break up Joanna’s happy marriage!" 
"She likes Ashton Heath," Frank said, "but Ashton likes Joanna. Of course, she can’t accept the man she likes being with another woman. Moreover, she feels inferior to Joanna in every aspect and can’t accept it in her heart." 
"Joanna is kinder at heart than she is." 
Madam White still hadn’t calmed down, her face flushed red with anger, "This is too much! So it turns out that she planned everything that night when she brought Annie Lawrence with her. Then she asked me to drink a toast, spilled red wine on her dress, and asked me to take them to change..." 
Now that Madam White had been awakened, she recalled every detail of that night and found that it was indeed a carefully planned conspiracy. 
Drinking the toast was for staining the dress, and then asking her to help them change was so she could see the birthmark on Annie’s body. 
As long as she had suspicions about Annie’s identity, she would definitely take her for a paternity test. 
And then... 
Madam White’s face turned pale in an instant. 
"But, what about the paternity test?" She still felt something was not right, "If she isn’t Cecilia, why would the test results turn out like that? Could someone have tampered with the blood samples? But how could they know who Cecilia is and where to get the blood..." 
"If the paternity test is correct, then someone must have tampered with the blood samples," Frank’s eyes darkened, and he said coldly, "I will definitely find out the truth about this matter. No one can impersonate Cecilia." 
"What about Annie...?" Madam White was furious when she thought that Annie might be impersonating, "I’ll confront her right now and ask her why she is impersonating Cecilia!" 
"Mom, don’t act impulsively," Frank stopped her, "Doing so will only alert the snake." 
"Then, what should I do?" 
"Just pretend that you don’t know anything for now. In any case, don’t let her become suspicious. I’ll have someone look into this matter immediately." 
* 
After Madam White left, Frank immediately made a phone call. 
It was soon picked up, and the person on the other end respectfully greeted, "Mr. White." 
"My mom took someone to the hospital for a paternity test today. Are you sure the results of the test are accurate?" 
"Yes, Mr. White. I did a genetic test on the blood samples of Madam White and Ms. Joanna. For fear of error, I ran the test several times. But the results were always the same." 
"So I am very certain that the paternity test is accurate."
###Chapter 1253: Chapter 1450: Staging Such a Good Show Together
So that meant that the blood really was from his sister. 
But Gary White absolutely didn’t believe that it was Annie’s blood. 
However, where did Annie and Rebecca Kelloway get his sister’s blood from? 
Gary White suddenly remembered something. 
His face changed, gripping his phone, "A few days ago, there was a public welfare activity for blood donation, and many artists went to participate. Do you know where the blood donated by those artists was sent to?" 
"The blood donation event? I am aware of that because the artists’ blood was sent to our hospital." 
"What did you say? The blood was sent to your hospital?" 
"Yes." The person on the other end of the phone did not understand why he was so astonished and curiously asked, "Mr. White, is there a problem?" 
"Was the blood of all the artists sent to your hospital?" 
"Yes." 
The truth was almost all out in the open now. 
Joanna had participated in that blood donation event too. 
A moment later, Gary White hung up and dialed another number. 
Soon, the other party picked up and respectfully greeted, "Mr. Ashton." 
Gary White’s eyes flickered cold, and after taking a deep breath, he ordered the person on the other end of the phone, "Immediately help me investigate something clearly. Find out who were the individuals behind the blood donation event organized by Angel’s Home a few days ago." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton." 
Gary White’s people were efficient. In just over ten minutes, they had all the information he needed. 
When Gary White found out that Rebecca Kelloway was one of the organizers, his eyes turned icy cold. His gaze was cold as ice, and it chilled the soul. 
He knew it. Rebecca Kelloway was definitely up to something. 
Annie alone couldn’t have done all this. 
Now, considering all the information obtained before and after, the truth behind the whole incident was almost revealed. 
It was likely that Annie got to know Joanna’s true identity from Benjamin, and decided to replace her. 
But without help from others, Annie, given her status, wouldn’t have been able to enter the White family. 
Rebecca Kelloway already hated Joanna, so when Annie approached her, she wouldn’t refuse. 
Together, the two staged this elaborate act. 
It must be said that their plan was almost successful. 
If he didn’t harbor any doubts and hadn’t noticed Annie’s abnormalities, Annie would have truly replaced Joanna. 
Perhaps in this lifetime, he would never be able to recognize his true sister. 
Gary White’s eyes grew colder inch by inch, and his whole body was enveloped in a layer of cold air. 
Rebecca Kelloway and Annie, these two women, wanted to deceive the White family. He would let them know the consequences of cheating the Whites. 
Gary White hadn’t been this angry in years. 
He opened the stock trading app on his phone and found the Kelloway Group’s stock. 
Half an hour later, some keen stock traders noticed that the stock price of Kelloway Group suddenly dropped. 
At first, it fell very slowly, barely noticeable, inching down bit by bit. 
Because it fell so slowly and so little, it barely had any impact. 
But after observing it closely for some time, it became clear that the stock price of Kelloway Group was falling continuously, albeit very slowly. 
There seemed to be no end to this downward trend. 
If it continued to fall at this rate for a day, by that time, the decline would be terrifying.
###Chapter 1254: Chapter 1251 - Can you feel wronged this one time, is that okay?
* 
The thing that all the shareholders had noticed had naturally also been noticed by the Kelloway side. 
The rare day of rest for Princeton Kelloway, chairman of the Kelloway Group, spending time with his wife and child at home was interrupted by a phone call from the company. 
When he picked up the phone, Lady Patrice and Rebecca were sitting beside him. 
They watched as in no time, Princeton’s face had changed. He had almost jumped up from the sofa saying, "What? How could this be? Have you guys figured out what happened?" 
A few seconds passed. 
"Alright, I’m heading back to the company right now. I don’t care how you do it, you must keep it stable for me." 
Hanging up the phone, Princeton got up, his face somewhat pale, didn’t even have time to bid farewell to Rebecca and Lady Patrice, turned and left. 
"Sir Darren, what’s wrong?" Lady Patrice saw him in this state, knew something must have happened with the Kelloway Group, she too became anxious, "Has something happened to the company?" 
The Kelloway Group was currently facing a financial crisis. 
If it wasn’t for the foundations of the company built through years of sweat and toil, it would have already collapsed. 
During such times, if any more problems were to emerge, it would be like adding fuel to the fire. 
Princeton tightened his lips, his voice trembling slightly, "Some minor issues, don’t worry. I just have to go to the company to handle these personally, I promise I’ll be back as soon as I finish. We agreed on having dinner together tonight, I haven’t forgotten that." 
As soon as he had finished, Princeton didn’t make more explanations, he hastily left. 
Though he had just said it was a minor issue. 
Yet, Lady Patrice was not a fool, she could tell that it must be a major problem that had arisen. 
Otherwise, he would not have looked so pale, and rushed to the company soon after receiving the phone call. 
Lady Patrice was distressed: "Rebecca, something must have happened to the company. Your dad didn’t tell us the truth because he doesn’t want us to worry. What should we do, the Kelloway family just can’t afford any more problems..." 
Beside her, Rebecca furrowed her brows. 
She too felt that something had happened to the Kelloway Group. 
And it definitely wasn’t a small matter. 
"Rebecca." 
Lady Patrice suddenly turned her head towards her, holding her hand, "Your dad’s company must be in trouble. You know very well the current state of the Kelloways. If things keep going this way, we won’t be able to hold on for much longer." 
"Do you want to watch our family decline?" 
Rebecca was taken aback, her facial expression slightly changing, "Mom, I’m a member of the Kelloway family. How could I sit back and watch our family decline?" 
"So, you have to do something for the family in order to help us overcome this crisis. Rebecca, your mom knows you have your own heart, but you can’t wait any longer, neither can us, the Kelloways." 
"Just consider it as a sacrifice for our family, can you do that?" 
"If things continue like this, if others find out the Kelloway Group has problems, who will respect our family in the future? Can you bear being looked down upon?" 
Of course not. 
She had always been looked up to, treated like a queen. 
For someone like Rebecca who was accustomed to being high and mighty, she could absolutely not accept going from being a well-bred lady envied and admired by everyone, to becoming a poor creature and a laughing stock in the eyes of others. 
This was even more terrifying than death itself. 
"Rebecca, Madam White called me yesterday, saying she really likes you. I heard from her words, she is willing to play matchmaker for you and Gary White again.
###Chapter 1255: Chapter 1252: Don’t Be Obsessed with Ashton Heath Anymore
Both Gary White’s family background and personal qualities are excellent. Trust me, you will be happy with him." 
"Don’t be so fixated on Ashton Heath anymore." 
Rebecca clenched her fists, just about to speak, when her phone "dinged" with a notification. 
She looked down and her face changed instantly. 
It was a news update. 
The report showed that an hour ago, the Kelloway Group’s stock price suddenly began to drop in a very strange way. 
At first, the decline was very slow, so slow that the drop could be considered negligible. 
However, despite the slow decrease, the decline persisted every minute. 
After an hour, the Kelloway Group’s stock price had already dropped significantly. 
Even stranger was that, after an hour, the speed of the decline had clearly increased a lot. 
The news analysis predicted that, if the stock price were to continue to fall in this manner for a whole day, it would be a terrifying blow to the Kelloway Group’s stock market. 
Recalling the phone call her father, Princeton, had just taken and his hurried departure, Rebecca’s hand holding the phone trembled, her face paled instantly. 
"Rebecca, what’s happening to you?" Lady Patrice didn’t hear her daughter’s reply for a moment, and when she turned to see Rebecca’s pale face, she was frightened. 
Rebecca didn’t say anything, her face turning white as she looked at the news article. 
Lady Patrice followed her gaze and, after a while, her face, too, turned pale. 
Even if Lady Patrice had devoted herself to her family and never worked outside the home after marrying Princeton Kelloway, it didn’t mean she didn’t understand anything. 
Normally, she would trade stocks and had a certain understanding of the stock market. 
"Your dad just said it was a small problem." Lady Patrice grabbed the phone to read the news carefully, her face growing paler, "I knew it. There must have been a huge problem with the company." 
"Why did the Kelloway Group’s stock price suddenly drop so much? It’s always been stable." 
"Oh my god, what are we going to do now?" 
"If it keeps falling like this, the Kelloway Group won’t be able to withstand it. Could it be... Could the Kelloway family be doomed because of this catastrophe?" 
"Mom, don’t worry," Rebecca tried to comfort her, although her heart was also very anxious, "It’s normal for the stock market to rise and fall." 
"If it were truly normal, your dad wouldn’t have been so worried. In the past, I wouldn’t have been concerned, but now..." Lady Patrice gripped Rebecca’s hand, "Rebecca, the Kelloway Group is now very vulnerable to any slight adversity." 
"Continuing to decline like this is very dangerous for the Kelloway Group." 
"What do we do, what do we do." 
Lady Patrice suddenly raised her head, casting a hopeful gaze at Rebecca. 
But her eyes soon dimmed again. 
The Kelloway family’s current situation required a large amount of capital to support. 
But now, who would be willing to invest a large sum of money in the Kelloway Group? 
She had planned to arrange for Rebecca to marry into the White family, which could help the Kelloway family get through this crisis by relying on a marriage alliance with the Whites. 
But now, even if Rebecca agreed to the arrangement, and Gary White agreed as well, they couldn’t get married immediately. 
The White family certainly wouldn’t be willing to invest in the Kelloway family right away. 
Seeing Lady Patrice’s panicked and frightened expression, Rebecca took a deep breath, clenched her mother’s hand and said, "Mom, don’t worry, I’ll find a solution."
###Chapter 1256: Chapter 1253: Do you want to bet with me again?
"Tell me, what can I do now to help the Kelloway family through this crisis?" 
She was a member of the Kelloway family. 
If the Kelloway Group really became helpless after this attack, her life as a daughter of the Kelloway family wouldn’t be easy. 
She understood the principle of shared honor and shame. 
Now she is pursued and respected by people outside because they don’t know the current situation of the Kelloway family. 
Once they found out that the Kelloway family was almost an empty shell now, who would care about her, even if they were one of the four great families? 
Rebecca didn’t even want to think about such days. 
So anyhow, she couldn’t let the Kelloway family fall into a predicament, letting others know the truth about the Kelloway family now. 
"What can we do?" Lady Patrice didn’t have much hope for her, wiping her tears with her hand, "Now we need someone to inject capital into the Kelloway Group. But it’s not a small amount, and who would be willing to take it out easily?" 
"Speaking of the best relationship we Kelloway family have, it’s the Heath family. But your dad won’t ask them for help; you know how much face he has. Once he asks, it’ll make people know how much our Kelloway family lacks money." 
"And besides, no matter how good our relationship with the Heath family is, business people always prioritize their interests. If the Heath Group was still headed by your Uncle Darren, there might be hope to borrow money. But now the one in charge of the Heath Group is Ashton Heath, and I’m afraid he wouldn’t be willing to inject capital easily." 
Rebecca clenched her lips. 
Yeah, now the Heath Group was under Ashton’s control. 
He even broke off their friendship for that woman, Joanna Lawrence. 
How could he lend money to the Kelloway family then? 
Asking him for money would only make him look down on her even more. 
"Mom, don’t worry." A figure flashed through Rebecca’s mind. She was silent for a few seconds, and then said solemnly, "I’ll find a way to get the money. I won’t let the Kelloway family become a laughingstock in others’ eyes." 
"Rebecca, where are you going to find the money? You..." 
"You don’t need to worry about it. Anyway, I’ll definitely find an investor for the Kelloway Group." 
She didn’t have any hope left for Ashton Heath. 
But for another person... 
She believed he wouldn’t be as ruthless as Ashton Heath. 
If there is someone who can help the Kelloway family overcome this crisis, it must be him. 
* 
After having lunch, Joanna and Ashton sent Jeremy back to school. 
Watching Jeremy walk into the school gate, Joanna sighed and said with some worry, "I’m a little worried about Jeremy. Do you think he would..."
"Don’t worry." Ashton held her hand and comforted her softly, "I think Jeremy’s psychological endurance isn’t as bad as you think. It’s normal for him not to accept it for a while. After he goes back, he’ll gradually accept it." 
"So, what do you think Jeremy will choose?" 
Before, Ashton had said Aria Rowlett would definitely end up with Brandon Heath in the end. 
And then, the two of them really got together. 
Joanna felt that he was better at detecting people’s hearts than herself and wanted to hear his opinion. 
Beside her, Ashton turned his head and raised his eyebrows lightly, answering off-topic, "Do you want to bet with me again this time?" 
Joanna was taken aback, remembering that she lost the bet last time, and then... 
Suddenly, her legs felt weak, and her waist seemed a little sore. 
That time she lost, Ashton took the opportunity to torment her half to death.
###Chapter 1257: Chapter 1254: Would You Like to Do It?
She wouldn’t dare to bet with him again! 
She didn’t want to be bedridden for days on end! 
Without a second thought, Joanna refused and shook her head vigorously: "No!" 
"Hmm? Are you sure?" 
"I’m sure!" 
"Alright." Ashton sighed, his tone sounding a little disappointed. 
"Ashton, you still haven’t answered my question." Joanna softly pinched his arm, "What do you think Jeremy will eventually choose? Will he be willing to acknowledge Uncle Damien?" 
"Baby, he is also your Uncle Damien," Ashton corrected. 
Joanna: "..." 
She always forgot that by marrying Ashton, his elders also became her elders. 
"Oh, don’t dwell on this minor issue. Just tell me what you think." 
"If you want my opinion..." Seeing her anxiousness, Ashton thought seriously before answering, "Baby, I don’t know." 
"You don’t know?" Joanna was taken aback. 
"Yes." Ashton nodded, "This situation is different from the previous one. So I can’t predict how Jeremy is feeling. Regardless of how he ended up at the orphanage, it was indeed because of Uncle Damien that he was taken away by the bad person." 
"The only thing worth being grateful for is that the person sent him to the orphanage instead of taking his life." 
"So he could still be alive today." 
"He might have grievances or he might not. Although Jeremy seems simple on the surface, he hides his true feelings very deeply, even I can’t figure out what he’s really thinking." 
Joanna fell silent for a moment. 
That’s right, even she, as his older sister who grew up with him, couldn’t guess his thoughts. 
How could Ashton possibly know? 
"Anyway, whatever Jeremy chooses, none of you can force him." 
"Of course, no one will force him. It’s his freedom to choose. However..." 
"However? What?" 
"Since he’s part of the Heath family, even if he refuses to return, the family will still acknowledge him. Uncle Damien has no sons of his own, and now that he knows about Jeremy, he won’t be able to just ignore him from now on." 
Joanna nodded, showing understanding. 
Seeing how much Madam Heath treasured Jeremy, now knowing that he was her biological grandson, she would probably be even more doting in the future. 
As for Sir Damien. 
A man who had been childless for years would certainly cherish Jeremy now as his son. 
"By the way, Madam White invited us to dinner tonight." Joanna remembered that she had agreed to have dinner with Madam White in the evening and told Ashton, "Can you get off work early today?" 
"Madam White invited you to dinner?" 
"Yes." 
"Looks like Madam White really likes you." Ashton’s eyes narrowed, and his gaze became more thoughtful, "Joanna, have you ever thought about something?" 
"Hmm? What?" 
"If Madam White really thinks you might be her daughter, and wants to do a paternity test with you, are you willing?" 
The White family had been looking for their daughter for over ten years. 
Whenever they encountered anyone resembling their daughter, they would definitely want to do a paternity test. 
"Paternity test?" 
"Yes. Are you willing to do it?" 
Joanna thought seriously for a moment, "No problem. If they want to do it, then let’s do it. It’s just a matter of drawing some blood from me; it’s not a big deal. Madam White has been looking for her daughter for so many years; I can understand her feelings."
###Chapter 1258: Chapter 1255: His words and deeds really make it hard for people to like him.
"What if..." 
"Hmm?" 
"If the test shows that you really are mother and daughter, what will you think?" 
Joanna Lawrence was suddenly stunned. 
She had never considered such a possibility. 
Even if the Lawrence family had already produced a child of the Heath family, she never thought that she would not be part of the Lawrence family. 
"Forget it, don’t think about it." Ashton Heath looked at her with a blank expression, reached out and rubbed her head, "Anyway, whether you are a Lawrence or a White, you are already mine now." 
"Whether you are the daughter of the White family or the daughter of the Lawrence family, you are my treasure." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Caught off guard, she had been flirted with again. 
Ashton Heath was really good at flirting and speaking sweet words. 
* 
Later in the evening. 
Ashton Heath got off work early, went shopping with Joanna Lawrence and bought some gifts, then drove to the White family. 
Forty minutes later, Sun Manor. 
Rowan, the butler, came out to greet them. While respectfully welcoming them inside, he said, "Madam White said she wanted to personally cook a few dishes tonight. She is still in the kitchen. So, I was arranged to welcome Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna." 
Ashton Heath handed over the gift: "Madam White is too polite, she even cooked personally." 
Rowan immediately took the gift, hesitated for a moment, and cheerfully added, "Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna are the polite ones. They didn’t need to bring gifts just for a casual dinner. Madam White rarely cooks, she’s doing it because she is in a good mood." 
"Perhaps Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna don’t know yet. Madam White has found her daughter, whom she has been looking for more than ten years." 
Rowan said this without much joy on his face, 
As if he was just casually conveying. 
Rowan has been in the White family for decades, and he already considers the White family his own home. 
Originally, he should have been happy that the young lady who had been missing for more than ten years finally reunited with Madam White. 
Only... 
Thinking of that newly recognized young lady, Rowan’s brow furrowed, a hint of displeasure flashing in his eyes. 
He had only spent half a day with her, but he felt that she was difficult to get along with. 
Her temperament was not pleasant. 
She had just been recognized as a member of the White family, yet she was already acting like a well-bred lady. 
She ordered people around to do things for her. 
Even though she is indeed the daughter of the White family, and has the right to do so. 
However, even Madam White, Sir Darren and Mr. Brandon have never ordered anyone around in such a disrespectful manner. She, a recently recognized family member, treated them as servants, with no respect in her words at all. 
Her behavior was not likable. 
He had noticed that Madam White probably didn’t like her much either. 
She was simply tolerating because of her guilt for the past ten plus years and because she is, after all, her own flesh and blood. 
Earlier, Madam White had even called him aside and told him that he had been wronged today. She said that Miss Annie Lawrence, who had grown up outside for so many years, might behave improperly and asked him to be more tolerant. 
"Madam White found her daughter back?" Joanna Lawrence was surprised when she heard this news.
Ashton Heath was also startled, his gaze narrowing. 
"Yes," Rowan said with a bland tone when discussing Annie Lawrence, "She was found unexpectedly, and after conducting a paternity test, it was confirmed that she is related by blood to the Whites. However..." 
Rowan’s voice trailed off and his brows furrowed again as he said, "The young lady who was just found is quite different from what I imagined."
###Chapter 1259: Chapter 1256: They’re Actually Sisters
Rowan paused for a moment, his brow furrowing again, "The newly found young lady is quite different from what I had imagined. Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton, our young miss grew up outside, so she might not have been taught manners and etiquette since childhood. So, if she does anything to displease you, please be forgiving." 
Thinking of Annie Lawrence’s words and actions, Rowan was very worried. 
They were originally staff of the White family. 
Offending them wouldn’t matter much. 
Moreover, everyone in the White family now knew what kind of temper and character this newly acknowledged young lady had. 
But outsiders didn’t know. 
The tolerance of outsiders would not be as strong as theirs. 
The guest visiting today was a VIP from the Heath family. 
Rowan was afraid that Annie would act like a spoiled young lady and offend Young Master Ashton of the Heath family. 
"I wonder what kind of person this daughter that Madam White just acknowledged is. Have we met her before?" Ashton Heath was surprised for a few seconds, then returned to normal and asked in a casual tone. 
He always felt that something was strange about this matter. 
From the behavior of Madam White and Gary White, they seemed to think that Joanna Lawrence was their long-lost relative from the White family. 
On the night of the dinner party, the daughter of the White family had not been found yet. 
They had not mentioned anything related to that matter either. 
But after only one day, the girl was found? 
Wasn’t this too fast? 
Moreover, Madam White had invited Joanna to dinner tonight. If she had already found her daughter before, what was the purpose of tonight’s dinner invitation? 
This matter just didn’t add up. 
Ashton Heath had many questions in his heart but showed no emotion on his face. 
At this moment, he was even more curious about the girl who had just been recognized by the White family. 
"Her foster parents are from small households, so Young Master Ashton, you certainly would not know her. But Ms. Joanna should know her." 
Rowan didn’t know much about Joanna Lawrence either. 
Only knew that Young Master Ashton had a girlfriend who was an actress. 
Other information was not clear to him. 
He thought that since Annie was also in the entertainment industry, people in the same circle might know each other.
"I know her?" Joanna slowly recovered from her previous astonishment and asked curiously, "Who is it?" 
Just as Rowan was about to speak, a voice that was very familiar to Joanna sounded from behind him. 
"Mr. Vane, it took quite a long time to greet a guest. Have the guests arrived?" 
Joanna’s eyes widened in shock, looking behind Rowan. 
Annie Lawrence, wearing a magnificent long gown, walked proudly towards them with a maidservant holding an umbrella for her by her side. 
As Annie slowly walked over and stopped in front of Joanna, she looked up at her with an air of superiority and pride. 
Facing Joanna’s incredulous gaze, she smiled sweetly and softly called out, "Joanna, it turns out that the guest coming to our house tonight is you." 
When she called Joanna, Rowan’s face showed a look of surprise. 
Could it be that this Ms. Joanna brought by Young Master Ashton and the newly acknowledged Ms. Joanna of the White family were sisters? 
So, they were a family now?
###Chapter 1260: Chapter 1257: Recognizing a Deceiver
Rowan, the butler, couldn’t help but take a few more glances at Joanna Lawrence. As he looked, he began to feel doubtful. 
It seemed to him that this Ms. Joanna was more like Madam’s daughter. 
Their eyebrows, eyes, and facial features all had many similarities, resembling the young Madam. 
As for the other one... 
Rowan glanced at Annie Lawrence, his brows furrowed. 
The other one, who was supposedly her blood relative, didn’t resemble the Madam at all. 
Annie lowered her head and looked at the gift box in Rowan’s hand, smiling and asking, "Mr. Vane, what’s that in your hand?" 
"Ms. Annie, these are the gifts that Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna brought." Although Rowan didn’t like Annie, he was still very polite to her and spoke respectfully. 
"Gifts?" Annie took another glance, covering her mouth as she laughed and raised her head, "Joanna, you’re too polite. There’s no need to bring gifts when you visit. Ah, it’s so hot outside, don’t just stand there, come in and sit down." 
She spoke with the air of the hostess. 
Seeing this, Rowan furrowed his brow. 
Although the White family’s house now belonged to her as well, she had only just been recognized as a member less than a day ago and had already assumed the role of the hostess... 
If she stayed in the White family for even longer, wouldn’t her airs become even more unbearable? 
It wasn’t until this moment that Joanna was sure that the daughter the White family had just recognized was Annie Lawrence. 
Her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
There was no way Annie could be a daughter of the White family. 
Even if she really wasn’t a member of the Lawrence family, she was still Rose Liall’s daughter. 
Anyway, she couldn’t possibly have any connection with the White family. 
Earlier, Rowan had mentioned that the White family had already undergone a paternity test. 
This made Joanna feel even more puzzled and incredulous. 
Annie definitely couldn’t be a daughter of the White family, but what about the paternity test? 
Seeing the disbelief in Joanna’s wide eyes, Annie knew exactly what she was thinking. Just thinking about how she’d snatched her current status and position from Joanna made her extremely pleased with herself. 
Looking at Joanna, her smile widened, "Joanna, what’s wrong?" 
Joanna furrowed her brows and stared at her for a few seconds before shaking her head, "Nothing." 
"Let’s go in and talk then." Annie wiped her forehead and ordered Rowan, "Mr. Vane, please prepare the coffee. Oh, and check if Mom is done with her chores. It’s so hot in the summer, and she shouldn’t be in the kitchen given her status." 
"We have a bunch of chefs at home, just let them cook whatever we want to eat." 
Rowan’s face changed, clenching his fists and staying silent for a few seconds before suppressing his anger, "Yes, Miss. I’ll prepare it right away." 
Joanna watched everything in silence, not uttering a word. 
Her heart was filled with countless doubts. 
This whole thing seemed too unbelievable. 
Last night, when Rebecca Kelloway brought Annie to Gary White’s birthday banquet, Madam White was still quite cold to Annie. 
Yet after just one night, Annie had become Madam White’s daughter. 
What on earth had happened last night? 
No matter what had happened, Annie was lying! 
She couldn’t possibly be Madam White’s daughter. 
The White family had been searching for their daughter for more than ten years, and now they’d been deceived, recognizing a fraud as their own. 
And this fraud was Annie. 
A surge of anger filled Joanna’s eyes as she couldn’t help but question, "Annie Lawrence, what are you up to?"
###Chapter 1261: Chapter 1258: Why Should She Worry About Not Having Future Opportunities?
"What do you mean, Joanna?" Annie pretends not to understand. 
"You know what I mean." Joanna suppresses her anger, "How can you be here and become Madam White’s daughter? You..." 
Annie raises her hand, cutting her off, a smirking smile on her face: "Don’t worry, Joanna, I’ll explain everything slowly. But it’s a long story, so let’s go in first, Mr. Vane has already prepared the coffee." 
Joanna frowns at her. 
Annie smiles sweetly, meeting her gaze. 
After a moment, Joanna takes a deep breath and nods: "Fine, let’s go in." 
As Annie turns to leave, her gaze swiftly sweeps over Ashton Heath. 
Looking at the tall, slender, and handsome figure, her heart beats wildly. 
Ashton Heath. 
The young master of the Heath family, the first of the four great families in Closia - Ashton Heath. 
No sooner had she set her eyes on him that she knew he must be of exceptional standing. 
However, she hadn’t anticipated investing in such an illustrious identity. 
How could there be such a perfect man in this world? 
This man is tailor-made for her. 
Every aspect of him fulfils her requirements, be it his appearance, character, background, or anything else. 
Unfortunately... 
Such a flawless, outstanding man was hooked by Joanna, that little bitch. 
But that doesn’t mean much. 
If she could snatch the title of the White family’s daughter, she can definitely snatch a man too. 
Now that she has become the White family’s daughter, she is worthy of the Heaths. 
Joanna’s current identity can never enter the Heath family’s door. 
But she can! 
Once the despicable girl is kicked out, she won’t have to worry about opportunities. 
* 
As Joanna and Ashton Heath walked into the living room, they saw Madam White wearing an apron, walking out of the kitchen. 
"Joanna, Ashton, you’re here." 
Upon seeing Joanna, Madam White couldn’t help but step forward, gripping her hand warmly, "Are you hungry, Joanna? Please wait a bit longer, and I’ll have the dinner ready soon." 
Seeing how attentive Madam White still was towards Joanna, Annie’s face darkened. After cursing Joanna under her breath, she pretended to be jealous and pouted: "Mom, as soon as Joanna arrives, you only have eyes for her." 
"I’m jealous." 
Madam White’s expression stiffened at her words. After a few seconds, she replied with an uneasy smile: "You’re family, but Joanna and Ashton are our guests. And besides, Joanna is your sister, don’t you want me to be nice to her?" 
"...Of course not." Annie’s face also stiffened, she bit her lip and forced a smile, "Of course, I hope you can be nice to Joanna, Mom. I was just... kidding." 
Although Annie didn’t care much for the White family’s affections,... 
Seeing Madam White so close to Joanna and indifferent to her, the so-called "daughter," threw her off balance. 
She was supposed to be Madam White’s "daughter." 
Joanna was just an outsider. 
But Madam White treated an outsider better than her. 
"Mom." Annie refused to give in to Joanna at this point. She walked over, warmly-linked arms with Madam White, and swayed her arm coquettishly, "Don’t go back to the kitchen, let the servants take care of the rest. I know you want to cook a meal for me, but I don’t want you to get tired."
###Chapter 1262: Chapter 1259: Getting Slapped in the Face One After Another
As she held Madam White, the latter’s body stiffened, and her face held an unnatural expression.
After a moment of silence, she spoke up, "I promised Joanna this meal yesterday." 
Since finding out that Annie Lawrence might be an imposter, Madam White had taken a disliking to her, which had only gotten worse by now. 
If it weren’t for Gary White asking her to endure it, in order not to startle the snake in the grass, she would have already driven the girl away. 
Furthermore, having spent most of the day together and witnessing Annie’s temper and character, Madam White had grown to despise her. 
She endured it and then said indifferently, "Moreover, the White family only has employees, not servants. It’s not the feudal era anymore, with this master-servant relationship. Our White family doesn’t practice such things." 
After being rebuked several times, Annie had nowhere to hide. 
Initially, she wanted to show off her superiority in front of Joanna. 
But Madam White had made her lose face in front of Joanna now. 
Her face instantly turned a bit unsightly. 
However, in front of Madam White, she didn’t dare to have a temper. Even if she didn’t care about Madam White’s feelings towards her, she also didn’t want her to be disgusted. 
Especially since she hadn’t yet secured her footing in the White family. 
She still needed to behave obediently and considerately to gain Madam White’s favor. 
"Mom, I’m sorry, I didn’t pay attention to these things," Annie bit her lip, looking pitiable and wronged, "I didn’t mean to look down on anyone. I will be careful in the future, and I won’t call them that way again." 
Madam White gave a faint "Hmm." 
An hour earlier, Gary had called her. 
It could now be almost confirmed that her "daughter" was an imposter. 
Her real daughter should be Joanna Lawrence. 
Although Madam White was angry at being deceived, she quickly became delighted when she thought about Joanna being her daughter. 
She had always liked Joanna. 
With the added layer of a mother-daughter relationship, she wanted to get closer to her all the time now. 
After giving a perfunctory response to Annie, she affectionately said to Joanna, "Why did you come so early? Has Ashton finished his work? Right, didn’t you want to see Orange? I’ll take you to see it now." 
"Orange just loves pretty young ladies; it’ll definitely like you," she added. 
"Can we go see it now?" 
Joanna had seen the large Orange in Madam White’s Twitter Moments. Even though Madam White said that Orange was a stray cat, its size and fur were no less beautiful than a house pet. 
It looked so glossy and tempting to pet from being well-fed by Madam White. 
Madam White said with a smile, "Of course, you can. Gary just called me, saying he will be back for dinner. Since it will be a while until he gets home, we can wait for him." 
Right now, Joanna didn’t really feel like petting cats. 
She just wanted to find an opportunity to talk to Madam White alone and ask about the truth regarding Annie’s situation. 
No matter what, she felt she had to tell Madam White the truth. 
She couldn’t let Madam White continue to be deceived by Annie. 
So, when Madam White offered to take her to pet the cat, she agreed. 
"Ashton, I’m going to borrow Joanna for a while. You don’t mind, do you?" Madam White playfully said to Ashton Heath. 
Ashton Heath hooked his lips and let go of Joanna’s hand, "Of course not." 
"Then, let me take her away."
###Chapter 1263: Chapter 1260: Since You’re Allergic, Don’t Go Together
Madam White seemed to have completely ignored Annie, and holding Joanna’s hand, she turned around and headed toward the backyard. 
Annie, who was treated like an invisible person, couldn’t help but contort her face in anger. 
She thought that once she was acknowledged as part of the White family, Madam White would definitely treat her well. 
After all, she was her "real daughter."
Even if Madam White liked Joanna, she couldn’t possibly like her more than her own daughter. 
However, Madam White not only didn’t give her special attention after finding her, but she even treated Joanna better! 
She was now the daughter of the White family. 
But the person who was given importance was Joanna! 
Annie seemed to have forgotten that the position she had now was obtained by impersonating Joanna. 
Having been addressed as a well-bred lady for an afternoon, she felt like she really belonged to the White family. 
Seeing Madam White affectionately hold Joanna’s hand as they left, she shouted out in anger and impatience: "Mom." 
Madam White stopped for a moment, and after a few seconds, slowly turned her head around, as if only then remembering her existence. 
Madam White was silent for a few seconds before she asked reluctantly, "Annie, I’m taking Joanna to see Orange. Do you want to come with us?" 
"Is Orange a cat? I’m allergic to cats. Mom, can we not see the cat? It’s not that interesting. And cats are so dirty, they have a lot of parasites on them. It’s not good if they infect humans." Annie frowned and a clear disdain was evident in her eyes when she talked about "cats." 
In reality, she wasn’t allergic to cats. 
She said it solely out of disgust. 
Madam White noticed her revulsion. 
Madam White loved animals and had long considered Orange her pet. 
No one would be happy when their favorite pet is disliked by someone. 
Moreover, Annie had stolen her daughter’s identity. 
Madam White’s gaze turned cold, and her tone became much indifferent as she said, "Since you’re allergic, you better not come along. Orange may be a stray cat, but I always make sure to give it regular baths and deworming treatments. You wouldn’t believe how clean it is." 
This was undoubtedly a slap in Annie’s face. 
She clenched her teeth in anger. 
All these attitudes from Madam White started making her feel a little uneasy. 
She wasn’t sure if she was overthinking it. 
She felt that after Madam White’s conversation with Gary White, her attitude towards her had changed a bit. 
Not that it had become worse. 
From the beginning, Madam White had been rather indifferent to her. 
But now it seemed even more so. 
Could it be that Madam White had also started to doubt her identity like Gary White did? 
With that thought, a flash of unease and fear crossed Annie’s eyes. 
"Mom, I, I..." She tried to explain, her mouth opening and closing. 
At this moment, a servant walked in. 
"Madam, Mr. Brandon is back." 
No sooner had the servant’s words fallen than Gary White, dressed in white clothes, walked in from outside. 
"Joanna, Ashton, you guys are here." Gary White walked into the living room and greeted Joanna and Ashton Heath, completely ignoring Annie, not even giving her an extra glance. 
It was as if Annie had been slapped twice in the face, her cheeks burning with humiliation. 
The first slap came from Madam White. 
The second slap came from Gary White. 
Both mother and son didn’t give her any face, turning her desire to show off her superiority and triumph in front of Joanna into a joke.
###Chapter 1264: Chapter 1261: Fear of Losing Everything We Have Now
"Gary, you’re back so soon." 
Madam White held Joanna’s hand, smiling and said, "Joanna really likes Orange, so I was just about to take her to see him. Since you’re back, should I have the dinner prepared?" 
"No rush." Gary looked tenderly at Joanna and said, "I have something to discuss with Ashton. We can have dinner later." 
"Alright then." 
Madam White said, "In that case, I’ll take Joanna to see Orange first." 
After saying that, Madam White left with Joanna. 
"Ashton, let’s talk in the study." After giving a signal to Ashton Heath, Gary also turned and walked upstairs. 
When he passed by Annie Lawrence, Gary paused for a moment. 
Annie immediately became nervous, her body tensing up. She swallowed and softly called out, "Brother." 
"Hmph." 
Gary snorted coldly, and walked past her. 
He didn’t say anything at all. 
However, just from those few seconds that he stopped, cold sweat had broken out on Annie’s back. 
Because she felt that Gary still suspected her. 
She found out that Gary wasn’t an easy person to deceive, and her seemingly perfect and flawless schemes hadn’t dispelled his suspicions. 
She even felt that Gary had already discovered something. 
This realization made her feel restless and scared. 
She was afraid that the White family would find out the truth, and she was even more afraid of losing everything she had now. 
She didn’t want to go back to her previous life at all. 
What the White family could give her was something a thousand or ten thousand Lawrences could never offer. 
The White family could make her stand above others. 
Returning to her previous life, she would have to continue begging for favors; even if she had become one of the so-called A-list actresses, without a powerful background to protect her, she would still be a pitiful prey. 
In the past, she was with David Benington, and he protected her. 
So during those two years, she didn’t suffer too much. 
The Benington family was incomparable to the Heath and White families, but they still had a voice in their circle. 
She had broken up with David now. 
If she couldn’t find someone to protect her, she would soon face the unspoken rules of the industry. 
She wouldn’t even have the right to refuse. 
That’s why, no matter what, she had to secure her place with the White family. 
However... 
Thinking of Gary and Madam White’s attitude, Annie’s face gradually darkened. 
They were all kind and pleasing to that little bitch Joanna. 
But when it came to her... 
What kind of love potion had that little bitch cast on them! 
"Miss, here’s the coffee you asked for." 
At this moment, Rowan the butler brought her the freshly brewed coffee. 
Annie had already lost face and was in a state of confusion and anxiety. Seeing Rowan coming over, she angrily swatted the tray of coffee from his hand. 
"Take it away! Everyone’s gone, so what’s the point of bringing it? Who’s going to drink it!" 
With her outburst, the coffee pot and several cups were spilled on the ground. 
Even though Rowan dodged quickly, a red patch still appeared on the back of his hand from the scalding coffee. 
A few maids nearby gasped when they saw what happened. 
My goodness. 
Didn’t the newly recognized young lady have a terrible temper? 
Mr. Vane had been serving the White family for thirty full years. 
It was said that when Sir Darren was still young, Mr. Vane had already been serving him. Later, when Sir and Madam White lived abroad for several years, Mr. Vane followed them too.
###Chapter 1265: Chapter 1262: I apologize to Joanna on their behalf
Sir Darren and Madam treated him as an elder family member rather than a housekeeper. 
But this Ms. Joanna, she treated Mr. Vane like this. 
This was too impolite and too ill-mannered. 
"Mr. Vane, are you okay? Hurry up and rinse it with cold water," one of the maids said with a frown, seeing the scalded back of the housekeeper’s hand. 
"Yeah, hurry up and rinse it with cold water. Otherwise, blisters will form soon," another maid also came over, seeing the burns on the housekeeper’s hand and couldn’t help but click her tongue. 
Sir Darren and Madam respected Mr. Vane a lot. 
This newly recognized daughter was really too much. 
It’s fine to treat them like servants, but treating Mr. Vane with such an attitude... 
Madam would most likely blame her if she knew about this. 
Speaking of which, Madam didn’t like her very much, not to mention Mr. Brandon, whose attitude towards her was even colder. 
It’s not clear where she got the confidence to carry on with such a young lady’s airs. 
No wonder Madam and Mr. Brandon disliked her. 
So what if she has the blood of the White family? 
Such behavior would only damage the reputation of the White family. 
"Miss, how could you do this? Don’t you know that the teapot contains boiling water?" 
"Yeah, Miss, how could you do this? Mr. Vane’s hand has been scalded." 
These maids usually had a good relationship with the housekeeper, so they all stood up and spoke for him when they saw Mr. Vane was scalded. 
Annie Lawrence had just lost face in front of Madam White and Gary White and was full of anger. 
Now she was even more furious to see that the servants of the White family didn’t take her seriously and talked like this in front of her. Her face sank and immediately turned against them: "Who do you think you are to accuse me?" 
"Are you the young lady, or am I the young lady?" 
"Believe it or not, I can make you get out of the White family immediately?" 
Annie was really going mad with anger. 
The anger she’d just built up didn’t dare to vent in front of Madam White and Gary White, and now it was all unleashed on the maids. 
Her eyes were fierce, and she glared at the two maids who had spoken: "I am a young lady, and I can do whatever I want. It’s not up to you servants to comment on what I do. If you don’t like it, get out!" 
With this outburst from Annie, everyone in the hall was stunned. 
The two maids who were scolded by her pointing their noses were dumbfounded. After a few seconds, their faces turned pale. 
They had been working for the White family for many years. 
The White family’s treatment and benefits, as well as their attitude towards employees, were excellent. 
No one wanted to leave. 
They were afraid that if Annie really asked them to leave, Madam White might not refuse her request for one or two employees. 
The two maids were scared to the point of tears, and they cast pleading glances at the housekeeper. 
"Miss." Housekeeper Rowan knew that this newly recognized daughter had a bad temper and was not easy to speak with. 
Unexpectedly, she was scolding people like the ordinary shrew in the hall. 
And she was so rude. 
At this moment, housekeeper Rowan was both angry and annoyed, but he still held it in. 
He suppressed his anger and said calmly: "Susan and Summer didn’t mean to offend you, they were just worried about me in a hurry. If they made you feel dissatisfied, I’ll apologize to you on their behalf."
###Chapter 1266: Chapter 1263: What little sister, is she worthy?
Annie Lawrence could clearly understand the implication of Rowan’s last sentence. 
After she vented her anger, a fair amount of rationality returned to her. 
Recalling the attitudes of Madam White and Gary White towards her, her face changed slightly, she took a deep breath and said, "Mr. Vane, I lost my temper just now. I didn’t really mean to drive them away. Since you’ve already spoken, I’ll naturally give you face." 
"But earlier, I really didn’t do it on purpose. I didn’t know there was boiling water inside. You wouldn’t mind, would you, Mr. Vane?" 
"Of course, Miss didn’t mean to do it intentionally, how could I mind." 
"That’s good. You deal with it, Mr. Vane. I’ll go back to my room. Call me when it’s time for dinner." 
"Yes, Miss." 
On the second floor. 
Gary White and Ashton Heath were standing next to the stair railing of the corridor. They watched everything that happened downstairs up close. 
They could clearly see Annie Lawrence throwing a tantrum. 
After watching, Ashton Heath curled his lip: "Gary White, it seems that your younger sister doesn’t have such a good temper." 
Gary White maintained a solemn expression, sneering: "What younger sister, she’s not worthy." 
Ashton Heath raised his eyes to look at him: "I heard that a paternity test has already been done. The test results prove her to be of the White family’s bloodline. Regardless of what she’s become, she indeed is your sister." 
"You have always wanted a sister, haven’t you? And you’ve looked for her for many years. Now that you have finally found her, your family has been reunited. But why don’t you look very happy?" 
"Aren’t you satisfied with this younger sister?" 
Gary White raised his head with an irritated look on his face: "If it were you who found her, and she turned out to be like this after you spent over ten years looking for her, would you be happy?" 
Ashton Heath chuckled softly: "Speaking of this matter, her current state is partly your family’s fault. Since you sent her away, you shouldn’t have hoped that she could grow up in a way that pleases you. In my opinion, it’s lucky she is even alive." 
"As for the rest, don’t demand too much." 
Hmph." Gary White sneered again, "I didn’t ask for too much. But ..." 
Gary White tightened his lips, and stopped halfway through his sentence. 
Ashton Heath’s eyes flickered slightly: "But what?" 
"We’ll discuss this matter in the study." Gary White quickly finished speaking and retracted his gaze from the big hall downstairs. 
Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, also retracting his gaze: "Alright." 
* 
In the study, Gary White instructed someone to stand guard outside the room. 
After closing the door, he fetched a box of coffee from the bookshelf and found a set of coffee utensils: "How about some coffee? This is a valuable treasure I finally obtained, I usually can’t bear to drink it myself. I’ll let you taste it today." 
"Sure." 
Ashton Heath showed no politeness. Without waiting for him to make an invitation, Ashton Heath found a spot and sat down. 
He watched as Gary White brewed the coffee. After a while, he pursed his lips and said directly, "What do you want to talk about? Is it about your younger sister?" 
"You also noticed the problems with this matter?" After Gary White made the coffee, he poured out the first brew, refilled the coffee pot, and said, "That’s right, that’s what I wanted to talk about." 
Ashton Heath was not surprised at all. 
He and Gary White had dealt with each other for so many years and both had a good understanding of each other. 
If he could notice the problems, it was impossible for Gary White not to notice them. 
Gary White brewed the coffee again. He poured a cup for himself, then another for Ashton Heath.
###Chapter 1267: Chapter 1264: Appraising for Joanna
He handed the coffee to Ashton Heath: "I never believed she would be my sister from the beginning. So after my mom told me they had done a paternity test, and the test proved that she was of the White family’s bloodline, I had someone look into this matter." 
"And then?" Ashton took the coffee, took a sip, and praised, "This coffee is good." 
"Of course it’s good. It took me a long time to get just a small bag of it. You’re the one who gets to enjoy it. Back to the topic, I had someone investigate, and it turns out that the blood used for the test had a problem." 
Ashton raised his eyebrows, signaling that he was listening. 
Gary White continued: "The blood that my mom had tested should not be Annie Lawrence’s blood." 
"Whose is it then?" 
Ashton already had a vague idea of the answer in his mind. 
Gary White paused for a moment, stared straight into his eyes, and said, "I suspect it’s Joanna’s blood." 
An expected answer. 
But Ashton still felt somewhat surprised. 
"Joanna’s blood? How did Annie Lawrence get Joanna’s blood?" 
"There was a blood donation public welfare activity a few days ago. You should know about it. Joanna participated in it, and the blood they donated was sent to Patient Hospital. I found out that Rebecca Kelloway was behind the organization of that public welfare activity." 
Ashton understood. 
"So, you think Rebecca Kelloway organized that public welfare activity just to get Joanna’s blood? They knew from the beginning that Joanna was your White family’s blood, so they wanted to use this method to replace Joanna?" 
"That’s right." Gary White’s eyes darkened, and a hint of coldness seeped into them, "Joanna is the bone and blood of our White family. Annie Lawrence is nothing but a fake. Ashton, I’m telling you about this matter because I want to inform you in advance." 
"I’ve already made arrangements for someone to prepare and conduct a test for Joanna." 
Ashton listened and nodded: "I have no ions. I’ve asked Joanna, and she said she would cooperate with you if you need it." 
Gary White was surprised: "You’ve asked Joanna?" 
"Hmm." 
"So, you’ve guessed that she might be a member of our White family?" 
"Hmm." 
"...Is it that obvious? How did you guess?" 
Ashton glanced at him and smiled: "Isn’t it obvious? Madam White is a little too enthusiastic about Joanna." 
Gary White: "..." 
He knew it. 
Madam White was too enthusiastic before, so enthusiastic that even he could not bear to watch. 
It did arouse suspicion. 
"If it turns out that Joanna is really the blood of your White family, what are your family’s plans?" Ashton put down the coffee cup, asked casually, but when he looked up at Gary White, his eyes were not casual at all. 
"Of course, we’ll bring her back to the White family." Gary White replied without thinking, "We have been separated for more than ten years, and in the future, our family will naturally be together. During these past ten years, she has suffered a lot and had many grievances. From now on, I will not let anyone make her suffer any grievances." 
"The White family will be her shelter in the future." 
"As her older brother, I will definitely pamper her into the world’s happiest little princess." 
"Not to mention my mom, she already likes Joanna very much. If they become a mother and daughter, my mom would probably pamper her to heaven. As for my dad, he and my mom both have always wished for a daughter, so his love and pampering for Joanna will surely be beyond words."
###Chapter 1268: Chapter 1265: She is Already Married to Me Now
"In any case, our family will treat Joanna well." 
Ashton Heath was satisfied with this response. 
However, there was something he disagreed with. 
"Whether Joanna is your blood relative or not, she’s already married to me. As for you saying you’d take her back, I’m afraid that’s not going to happen." 
"Why not?" Gary White didn’t react immediately. As he asked the question, his face suddenly changed, and he exclaimed in surprise, "What did you just say? Did you say Joanna is already married to you?" 
Ashton Heath looked at him calmly and nodded: "Yes." 
Gary White: "..." 
He stayed dumbfounded for quite some time before slowly coming to terms with the reality. 
His brow furrowed: "When did this happen? Weren’t you two still dating? How did you get married all of a sudden? Why didn’t you tell me about this?" 
Ashton Heath calmly replied, "She’s still young and doesn’t want people to know she got married so early. So, outwardly, we tell people we are dating. By the time I introduced her to you, we were already married." 
"However, to say we’re currently dating isn’t incorrect," Ashton Heath’s lips curved into a smile, "we did indeed get married first, and then dated."
Gary White: "..." 
It turned out his worry about whether the Heath family would accept Joanna was misplaced. 
Such worry now seemed redundant. 
"Does your family know about your marriage with Joanna? Can they accept her? Ashton, Joanna is our family’s treasure, I don’t want her to be treated unfairly." Although Gary White was yet uncertain if Joanna was indeed his sister, he already spoke to Ashton Heath like a protective older brother. 
"She is not only your family’s treasure but also mine. Who would dare to treat her unfairly? As for my family’s attitude, my mother is not satisfied with her background, thinking she is not worthy of me. But no matter what my family’s attitude is, the person I chose is the best in my eyes." 
Ashton Heath did not hide Lady Octavia’s dislike of Joanna. 
Gary White frowned upon hearing this and his face darkened. He said in an icy voice, "Is our daughter from the White family not good enough for your Heath family? Isn’t Lady Octavia asking too much? Does she prefer girls like Rebecca Kelloway?" 
Then as if recalling something, he added scoffing, "Perhaps if Lady Octavia knew about the current state of the Kelloway family, she would not think highly of them either." 
"Don’t squabble." Ashton Heath laughed, "You’re aware my mother disapproves of Joanna’s Lawrence family background. It’s not even certain yet whether she’s from your White family. Besides, whether my mother likes her or not isn’t important, as she will be living with me, not my mother." 
"Having family blessings is naturally the best, but if not, we won’t insist." 
"Hmph. Once Joanna recognizes our White family as her own, your mother certainly won’t have any complaints." 
Ashton Heath didn’t respond to this. 
The White family and the Heath family are absolutely of equal social status. 
All that Lady Octavia was unsatisfied with was Joanna’s lowly background. If she becomes a daughter of the White family, naturally, there won’t be anything to complain about. 
"What did you mean by ’the Kelloway family situation’ you mentioned earlier?" Ashton Heath didn’t overlook a piece of information Gary White had let drop. 
"The Kelloway family?" Gary White sneered, "I only found out today, the Kelloway family has been in dire straits for quite some time."
###Chapter 1269: Chapter 1266 Actually, He Is Not Worse Than Ashton Heath
I sent someone to investigate, and there seems to be an internal problem within the Kelloway Group. Together with the losses from their previous major projects, the capital can’t flow back in time. At this stage, they dare not withdraw their funds, and they can’t attract new investments either." 
"If they continue like this for a year or two, the Kelloway Group will not be able to hold on." 
"No wonder Lady Patrice suddenly brought Rebecca Kelloway here earlier, suggesting in her words that she wanted a marriage alliance with the White family. It turns out that there’s a problem with the Kelloway Group, and they want to solve the economic crisis through a marriage alliance. However, she seems to think too highly of her daughter. Just with Rebecca, she wants to get an investment from our White family? Does she think we’re fools?" 
Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes: "Kelloway Group’s stock price suddenly continued to fall today. I heard it hasn’t stopped yet. Gary White, is this your doing?" 
Other people only knew Gary White as a director who had made many popular and acclaimed films. 
Few knew that he was not only good at film shooting.
He was also skilled in stock manipulation. 
Ashton asked directly, and Gary answered directly: "It was me. Rebecca dared to plot against our White family, so I wanted to pay back the Kelloway family. This is called reciprocity." 
Ashton Heath: "If the Kelloway family is really as you said, just an empty shell now, I’m afraid they can’t hold on for much longer. Unless they can suddenly obtain a considerable investment." 
Gary White looked at him: "The Heath family and the Kelloway family have been friends for many years. If the Kelloway family were to ask someone for investment, I guess the first one they would approach would be your Heath family. Ashton, if the Kelloway family did ask you for money, would you lend it to them?" 
* 
In the luxuriously decorated villa, Rebecca Kelloway was dressed carefully and led to the Fencing Room by the villa’s servant. 
Arriving outside the room. 
The servant stopped: "Ms. Kelloway, Mr. Ashton is inside. He doesn’t like to be disturbed during practice. If you have something to say, it is better to wait until he is free." 
Rebecca pressed her lips together, glancing into the room. 
At first sight, she saw Frank Parker. 
He was dressed in fencing attire and wearing a helmet, engaged in fencing practice with a sparring partner. 
Frank had been learning fencing since he was a child. 
He had even won championships in related competitions. 
Had it not been for his social status, he would almost have become a professional player in the national team. 
With his handsome appearance and good family background, he had also learned the elegant sport of fencing, which attracted many fans back then. 
Many female fans would specifically go to watch his competitions every time he performed. 
That scene was comparable to today’s trendy and popular young celebrities. 
Rebecca had known Frank for a long time, so she was well aware of these things. 
However, back then, she only had Ashton Heath in her heart. 
She paid no attention to others. 
Even when many of her friends told her how handsome Frank was, she didn’t feel much. 
Because in her heart, no one could compare to Ashton Heath. 
But now... 
Looking at the valiant man in the room, her heart suddenly raced. 
Before, how had she not realized that Frank Parker was actually very good-looking? 
In terms of appearance, he was not inferior to Ashton Heath. 
It’s just that the two had different styles, and she liked the type of man that Ashton Heath was. 
It seems that people don’t cherish things they get easily, only realizing their worth when they lose them. 
Before, when Frank was so good to her, she never thought about his kindness, let alone that one day, she would lose his kindness.
###Chapter 1270: Chapter 1267: Now She Regrets It
It was only when she lost him... 
She suddenly realized that the man who had always protected her was, in fact, an outstanding man. 
He was the kind of man many women could only dream of having. 
He was heaven’s prince. 
Such a man had once treated her like a precious treasure, spoiling and pampering her. 
But at that time, she did not know how to cherish it and took his kindness for granted. 
Now she regretted it. 
But he was unwilling to give her another chance. 
Rebecca Kelloway stood outside for a while before slowly walking in. 
The trainee noticed her immediately and glanced at her. 
Frank Parker turned his head too. 
Through the helmet, Rebecca couldn’t see his eyes clearly, but she felt a cold, distant aura emanating from him. 
Frank’s gaze lingered on her for a second before quickly looking away. 
After Rebecca entered the room, she waited for nearly half an hour before Frank finished his practice. He took off his helmet and handed the sword in his hand to a subordinate. 
Another subordinate handed him a bottle of water. 
He took it and drank more than half of it in one breath. 
The subordinate who handed him the towel hesitated for a moment before reminding him, "Mr. Ashton, Ms. Kelloway is here." 
Everyone on Frank’s side knew how much he valued Rebecca. 
They all knew that Frank had loved her for many years. 
They even considered her as their future Ms. Joanna. 
So, Frank’s attitude towards Rebecca today puzzled a lot of people. 
In the past, whenever Ms. Kelloway came over, no matter what Mr. Ashton was doing, he would always see Ms. Kelloway first. 
Today... 
Not only did he not go out to meet her, but he actually made her wait for a full half-hour. 
No matter how you looked at it, it seemed like he was giving her the cold shoulder. 
This was the first time in history he had ever treated her like this. 
Had Mr. Ashton had a quarrel with Ms. Kelloway? 
"Frank." Rebecca, who had been patient for half an hour, couldn’t stand his coldness anymore. "Are you done? If you’re done, can we talk?" 
It was then that Frank finally turned his head and looked at her. 
He narrowed his eyes and frowned, "What are you here for?" 
Rebecca’s face stiffened, and she clenched her fists. "Frank, I have something important to discuss. Can we... can we talk privately?" 
Frank wiped the sweat off his face, "Important? What is it?" 
Rebecca glanced at the people around her, her face showing hesitation. "Can you ask them to leave?" 
Frank stared at her with a heavy gaze for a moment before gesturing for everyone else in the room to leave. "You all go out." 
A moment later. 
They were the only two left in the room. 
Frank walked over to a chair and sat down. "Can you say it now?" 
Annoyance marred his face as if he wanted to get rid of her quickly. 
Seeing him like this, Rebecca’s expression stiffened again, and her face turned pale. 
She bit her lips tightly and spoke with a dry, hoarse voice, "Frank, I... I came to talk to you about an investment." 
"Talk to me about an investment?" 
Frank raised his head, as if he had heard something amusing. "Rebecca, you said you wanted to talk to me about an investment? Are you joking?" 
"I’m not joking." 
Rebecca was used to being arrogant and had never begged anyone.
For her to ask for someone’s help, it would be like pushing her head down to the ground.
###Chapter 1271: Chapter 1268: Why would you think that I would lend you money?
She struggled to speak, "Frank, you must have seen the drop in stock price of Kelloway Group. I don’t know who’s manipulating things behind the scenes, trying to make life difficult for the Kelloways, and the stock price is still falling as we speak." 
"Kelloway Group needs funds to stabilize the situation right now." Rebecca Kelloway looked into Frank Parker’s still indifferent eyes, and it became increasingly difficult for her to continue, "So I thought... I wondered if you could..." 
If it had been in the past, Rebecca would have had absolute confidence. 
As long as she asked, Frank would never refuse her. 
But now... 
The Frank Parker now is no longer the same man who used to protect her, spoil her, and be at her beck and call. 
Even his past kindness to her was all because he thought she had saved him. 
Now, he knew that she wasn’t the one who saved him that night. 
What advantage does she even have in front of him now? 
But she had no choice. 
Right now, the only person she could think of, the only person she still had hope in, was him. 
If even he wouldn’t help, she really didn’t know who else to turn to. 
"Frank, can you... lend me some money?" It took Rebecca a long while of stammering to finally say this to Frank, who looked back at her with cold eyes. 
After listening to her, Frank’s expression remained indifferent. 
Looking at him like this, Rebecca’s heart sank, and she clenched her hands, "Frank, can you do it? If you help Kelloway Group overcome this crisis, our whole family will be grateful to you. Please, I’m begging you. Kelloway Group can’t have any issues, if something happens to Kelloway Group, in the future I..." 
Her eyes suddenly reddened, "Please, you’re the only one I can turn to." 
"Does Kelloway Group’s strength really need you to beg me?" 
Frank hadn’t responded much, and after she spoke again, he remained silent for a while before finally saying, "Rebecca, you don’t need to beg me. For the Kelloway family, these are just small problems." 
"No, that’s not it..." 
Rebecca’s eyes were red, and she bit her lip, as if trying to hold back the tears welling up. 
She choked up, "Frank, you don’t know... the Kelloway family... we have a problem. I found out recently that Kelloway Group has an internal financial crisis. My dad has been hiding it from us so we wouldn’t worry. My mom even wants to marry me off to Gary White, hoping to get the White family’s investment that way." 
"But how could I marry someone I don’t like?" 
"I don’t like Gary White at all." 
Rebecca looked up into Frank’s eyes, trying to gauge his reaction. 
But all she saw were his still indifferent eyes, devoid of any emotional ripples. 
Rebecca felt as if her heart was plunged into an icy lake, the cold water seeping into her very core. 
In that moment, all she could feel was cold, and more cold. 
Did he really not have any feelings left for her? 
Hearing that Lady Patrice wanted her to marry Gary White, he didn’t react at all. 
Rebecca had thought that, no matter what, Frank still had some feelings for her. 
He had been so good to her once. 
She didn’t believe that all his past kindness was fake. 
And she had even less faith that, given her charm, Frank could not have any feelings for her at all. 
"So?" 
Frank looked at her calmly after she finished speaking, "Why do you think I would lend you money? What does Kelloway Group’s problem have to do with me? Rebecca, if you came all this way just to borrow money, you can leave now."
###Chapter 1272: Chapter 1269: Did You Find That Girl?
"Frank..." Rebecca Kelloway widened her eyes, disbelief in them, as if she couldn’t believe that the man would say such heartless words. "I really need your help. I know you’re still angry about that incident before, but I really didn’t do it on purpose." 
Rebecca’s eyes were filled with tears, and she said pitifully, "We had a fight back then, and when you opened your eyes and looked at me with that grateful gaze, I... I was confused, so I lied to you. I didn’t think too much at the time. I just wanted to make up with you as soon as possible." 
"If you knew I was the one who saved you, you definitely wouldn’t be angry with me anymore." 
"Frank, I just didn’t want you to be angry with me anymore. I really..." 
"Are you done?" Frank Parker interrupted her coldly. 
Rebecca: "I... I..." 
"Rebecca Kelloway, you know best what you were thinking back then." It was fine before she brought up that matter, but once she did, Frank Parker thought of how he had been fooled like an idiot by her for a whole decade. 
He said gloomily, "Even if you were confused at the time, you had many opportunities afterward to tell the truth. But you didn’t." 
"You chose to hide it, to deceive. For these ten years, I’ve been played with like a fool in the palm of your hand." 
"Frank, it’s not..." 
"The problems with the Kelloway Group are too big, I can’t help." Frank Parker looked away, not willing to look at her any longer, his voice indifferent, "If you came to find me for this matter, you can leave." 
Having said that, he called in a subordinate and told him to see her off: "Escort Ms. Kelloway out." 
The man glanced at Rebecca: "Ms. Kelloway..." 
"Frank, are you really going to be so heartless?" Rebecca’s tears suddenly flowed out, "I really need your help right now. If even you won’t help me, our Kelloway family is really... really done for." 
"Although I lied to you before, don’t we have so many years of friendship? Is it possible that you don’t feel anything for me at all?" 
"You once said you’d marry me, and treat me well for a lifetime. Just because I wasn’t the one who saved you that night, does that mean all those promises are void?" 
Frank Parker had already stood up and walked out. 
At the door, his tall figure stopped abruptly. 
"Rebecca, even up to now, you still think you’re not wrong?" His throat seemed to be wrapped in ice, every word he said carried a chill, "Yes, I promised to marry you, to be good to you for a lifetime, everything I’ve done for you these years, it was all because I thought you were my lifesaver." 
"If I knew early on that the person who saved me that night wasn’t you, I wouldn’t have done so much for you." 
Behind him, Rebecca’s face turned pale in an instant. 
Her body wavered, as if it would fall at any moment, her voice crying and trembling heavily, "So all these years, you never really liked me? If it had been any other girl who saved you, you would also treat her so well?" 
Of course not. 
He thought that night it was her who was that girl, so... 
But Frank Parker didn’t want to explain so much to her. 
"If you think it’s like that, then let it be that way." 
"Frank, could it be..." Something suddenly dawned on Rebecca, and her eyes widened in shock, "You found that girl, didn’t you?"
###Chapter 1273: Chapter 1270: Don’t Have Any More Inappropriate Thoughts
So that was why he was so cold to her. 
It must be the case. 
Otherwise, how could he have found out about her deception after ten whole years? 
Could it be that the girl from that night took the initiative and told him the truth about everything? 
Maybe she was a very beautiful girl. 
If she were just an ordinary-looking woman, Frank Parker wouldn’t have acted this way. 
For a moment, a strong feeling of jealousy and anger rose in Rebecca Kelloway’s heart.
Who the hell was that bitch? 
Frank Parker furrowed his brows: "This has nothing to do with you." 
Rebecca’s face changed instantly. 
He had indeed found the girl from that night. 
"Frank, who is she?" 
Suddenly, Rebecca had a hunch that she might know the girl. 
"This also has nothing to do with you." Frank’s voice suddenly turned cold, and Rebecca could even feel a chill emanating from him, despite the distance between them. "Rebecca Kelloway, I’m warning you one last time, don’t harbor any more inappropriate thoughts." 
"Otherwise, I won’t show any mercy when the time comes." 
After saying this, Frank took off his foot and walked quickly towards the room. 
"Ms. Kelloway, let me see you out." A subordinate who had witnessed everything looked at Rebecca’s bloodless, pale face and her tear-swollen eyes, and couldn’t help but sigh silently in his heart. 
How good Mr. Ashton used to be to Ms. Kelloway, gentle and considerate, always indulging her. 
He used to treasure her and put her in the most important place in his heart. 
Now look at him. 
Suddenly the gap was so big, from being the most favored one to being treated like a stranger, anyone would have trouble accepting it. 
But then again, who could be blamed for this? 
Mr. Ashton hated being deceived the most. 
And yet, Ms. Kelloway had deceived him for ten whole years. 
It was already merciful of Mr. Ashton to see her. 
Rebecca’s eyes were red and swollen, and she watched Frank walk away until she could no longer see his figure. 
She stood there, unmoving. 
"Ms. Kelloway?" the bodyguard furrowed his brow slightly. 
"Have you seen that woman before?" Rebecca suddenly turned her head and asked in a cold voice. 
The bodyguard hesitated for a moment: "Ms. Kelloway, what do you mean...?" 
"Didn’t he find the girl who really saved him that night? Have you seen her?" Rebecca’s eyes were filled with intense hatred. "Tell me, what does the girl look like and how old is she? Is she very beautiful?" 
"Is Mr. Ashton really fond of her?" 
"Do you know her name?" 
The bodyguard finally understood what she was asking about. 
He looked at Rebecca’s terrifying appearance and frowned, "Ms. Kelloway, you’re asking the wrong person. I have no idea what you’re talking about." 
Let alone the fact that the bodyguard genuinely didn’t know who the girl who saved Mr. Ashton was. 
Even if he did know, he wouldn’t tell Rebecca. 
Mr. Ashton hadn’t said anything about it, so how could they dare to? 
Moreover, seeing Rebecca’s current state, who knows what she would do if she found out who the person was. 
"Ms. Kelloway, let me escort you out." The bodyguard made a polite gesture, his tone still polite but more assertive, "Please, Ms. Kelloway." 
* 
Rebecca had just left Frank Parker’s residence when she received a call from Lady Patrice. 
She answered it and immediately heard Lady Patrice’s tearful voice, "Rebecca, have you found the money? The stock prices are still falling, and your dad is extremely worried. The Kelloway Group has been targeted this time, someone is maliciously stirring up its stock market, and the stock prices are falling more and more."
###Chapter 1274: Chapter 1271: Only Then Did She Understand What She Truly Lost
Rebecca Kelloway clenched her fists in silence. 
"Rebecca, can you hear me?" Lady Patrice sobbed, "What should we do now? Is our Kelloway family really going to decline like this?" 
"I’m sorry, Mom." Rebecca clamped her lips tightly; her nails dug deep into the palm of her hand, "I didn’t find money. I don’t know what to do now." 
Before she came, she thought that no matter how ruthless Frank Parker had become, he would never just stand by and do nothing. 
But now, she was wrong. 
She realized that when a man becomes ruthless, he can even be more heartless than a woman.
He had found the woman who saved him that night. 
His heart, now, resided completely in her. 
Until this moment, Rebecca finally understood what she had truly lost. 
She closed her eyes; tears uncontrollably streamed down her face, "Mom, I thought he would help me. I didn’t expect him to be so heartless. I wanted to help the Kelloway family, but now, I am truly helpless." 
"Who did you go to for help?" Lady Patrice paused for a moment then quickly continued, "Did you go to Frank Parker?" 
Rebecca clenched her lips tightly without uttering a word. 
Tears began to gather in her eyes, falling onto her cheeks one by one. 
"Was he actually unwilling to help?" Lady Patrice became somewhat agitated, "Wasn’t he interested in you? He pursued you for so many years, now when you ask him for help, he actually refuses to lend a helping hand?" 
"I think you were right in not accepting him before. Such a person feigns deep devotion, but when it’s crucial, he becomes so heartless. I knew he was unreliable; never wanted you to seek his help, but you went anyway." 
"Mom, it’s not like what you think." Rebecca tried to explain, "He’s not the person you believe him to be, there are some misunderstandings between us. That’s why he..." 
No matter how Frank Parker treats her now. 
Rebecca did not want Lady Patrice to have a misunderstanding about him. 
"Regardless of the misunderstandings, the crisis our Kelloway family is facing right now is of life or death. If he is unwilling to help, it just shows that his feelings for you were all fake!" It seemed like Lady Patrice was angered; the sound of her rapid breathing could be heard from the phone, "Forget it. From the beginning, we knew we couldn’t count on the Parker family. At least now, we’ve seen his true colors. From now on, don’t bother with such people. Rebecca, come back home immediately, we need to visit the Heath family." 
"The Heath family and our Kelloway family have been close for decades. Now, only the Heath family might be able to help. It’s also only the Heath family that has the ability to help the Kelloway family get through this crisis." 
Rebecca’s expression changed abruptly, "Go ask the Heath family for help?" 
"It’s an unavoidable situation. The Heath family is our only hope now. Your Dad and Sir Damien have been dear friends for decades, I believe he will want to help our Kelloway family considering their years of friendship." 
"But now, the person in charge of the Heath Group is Ashton Heath." Rebecca clenched her phone tightly, her face displaying her unease, "Even if Sir Darren wants to help, he might not be willing." 
She didn’t want to go to the Heath family. 
More importantly, she didn’t want Ashton Heath to know about the situation of the Kelloway family now. 
Because once Ashton knows about it, Joanna Lawrence would find out too. 
She didn’t want to lose face in front of Joanna. 
"Yes, he is indeed in charge, but the one who really runs the Heath family is still Madam Heath. Madam Heath also has a relationship with our family and she has a kind heart, she will definitely not stand by and let the Kelloway family decline." 
"Alright, don’t hesitate anymore and come back immediately. In any case, we have to give it a try. This is the Kelloway family’s last hope."
###Chapter 1275: Chapter 1272: Why Isn’t My Daughter Joanna?
"If even the Heath family isn’t willing to help..." 
"Then our Kelloway family is really finished." 
After hanging up the phone, Rebecca Kelloway had a pale face and tightly grasped her phone. It took her a while before she suddenly thought of someone. 
After hesitating for a few seconds, she opened her contacts and made a call. 
* 
the White family. 
"Madam White, Annie Lawrence really can’t be your daughter. Although I don’t know what happened with the Paternity Test, something must have gone wrong. Although people say that family scandals should not be publicized, I really don’t want Madam White and her family to be deceived." 
"The reason I’m so sure is that Annie Lawrence has done a Paternity Test before." 
"When my stepmother brought Annie Lawrence to the Lawrence family when she was eight years old, she didn’t look very much like my Dad, so he had some doubts about her and requested a Paternity Test." 
Recalling these things, Joanna felt her face heating up. 
But she really didn’t want to see the White family being deceived by Annie Lawrence. 
Madam White and Gary White were both people she liked. 
One was like her elder brother, and the other treated her like a daughter. 
"The Paternity Test results show she is indeed my father’s daughter. So, how could she be your daughter, Madam White? I’m not saying this out of jealousy, that test result could really be wrong. Why don’t you do another test?" 
After saying this, Joanna, afraid that Madam White wouldn’t believe her, immediately added, "Madam White, I’m really not lying to you. If Annie was really your daughter, whether I liked her or not, I wouldn’t tell you these things." 
"Joanna." Madam White saw her anxiously explaining with sweat on her forehead and lovingly extended her hand to wipe away the sweat. "Good girl, don’t worry. Madam White believes you." 
Joanna was surprised: "Madam White, you believe me?" 
"Yes." Madam White nodded gently and said, "I do." 
"Then you believe Annie isn’t your daughter?" 
Madam White smiled and wiped Joanna’s forehead before lovingly holding her hand, "Joanna, actually I knew it all along. When the Paternity Test came back saying she was my daughter, do you know how I felt?" 
"I wasn’t happy at all, I just felt very lost." 
"At that time, I kept thinking, why can’t my daughter be you, Joanna? If my daughter was you, I wouldn’t know how happy or excited I’d be. If my daughter was you, it would be the most wonderful thing I’ve encountered in decades." 
As Joanna listened to Madam White’s words, she stared blankly at her, "Madam White, you knew Annie wasn’t your daughter all along?" 
"Yes." Madam White nodded, "I told Gary White about the test results, and he didn’t believe it either. He had someone investigate the hospital and found out that someone might have tampered with the blood samples." 
"Do you know what else he found?" 
Madam White looked steadily at Joanna and tightened her grip on her hand: "He found out that the public welfare blood donation activity you participated in a few days ago also had some problems." 
Joanna’s eyes widened in shock: "The blood donation public welfare activity had problems?" 
"Yes, one of the people behind the scenes of the activity was Rebecca Kelloway. The blood you donated that day was sent to Patient Hospital. Later, during Gary’s birthday party, Rebecca Kelloway brought Annie Lawrence along."
###Chapter 1276: Chapter 1273: Their Scheme Did Not Succeed
Madam White, her voice having turned noticeably colder at this point, said, "Frank’s banquet did not include an invitation for Annie, yet she brought someone along. Moreover, they had no prior friendship, but acted like close sisters that night." 
"All this was nothing more than part of their devious scheme." 
"I was foolish, falling right into their trap. If it wasn’t for Frank’s cleverness, they would have successfully pulled it off." 
Madam White’s face slightly turned pale the more she spoke. 
At that time, the villains achieved their plot, and her own daughter could never recognize her for a lifetime. 
It was simply outrageous! 
She looked up at Joanna Lawrence, her eyes once again filled with affection and tenderness, "Thankfully, their plot did not succeed. Joanna, could I ask you for a favor?" 
Having heard what Madam White said, Joanna Lawrence was stunned for a long moment. 
That night, when she saw Rebecca Kelloway and Annie Lawrence appear together, she found it strange. 
She had wondered when they had become so close. 
So they were plotting for Annie Lawrence to impersonate the daughter of the White family. 
"Madam White, what do you want me to do for you?" Joanna Lawrence was startled for a moment, then slowly regained her senses. 
Madam White took her hand, hesitated for a few seconds, and then looking directly into her eyes, she said, "Joanna, Frank and I suspect that the blood used in the paternity test was yours. The blood donation event organized by Rebecca Kelloway was to acquire your blood." 
"So, actually, you are my daughter." 
Joanna Lawrence looked at Madam White, her eyes gradually widening. 
"Madam White, you..." 
"Let me finish," Madam White’s voice softened a few degrees, "Annie Lawrence and I cannot possibly be mother and daughter. Since Frank began to doubt her identity, I found a way to collect some of her hair and conduct a new paternity test." 
"Now, the paternity test results are about to be out." 
"If she indeed has no blood relations with me, then the blood taken for the hospital verification must not have been hers." 
"Joanna, if that blood is not hers, who else can it be?" While Madam White asked this, she was looking at her, with undertones swirling in her gaze, "Most likely, they used your blood for the paternity test." 
"There can’t be any mistake in the paternity test results. So..." 
Joanna Lawrence felt the hand Madam White used to hold hers tighten, and heard the tension in her voice, "If that blood is yours, then you are my Cecilia. Joanna, I hope to do a paternity test with you." 
"Can you promise me that?" 
Just as Madam White finished speaking and before Joanna Lawrence could reply, a maid approached them.
"Madam, Ms. Joanna," the maid respectfully said, "Madam, Dr. Lawson said the task you assigned him is complete. He requests that you come over now." 
Madam White’s face slightly changed at the news. 
She said to Joanna Lawrence: "The test results must be out. Joanna, could you go with me?" 
Joanna Lawrence knew Madam White was anxiously looking for her daughter, and didn’t mind doing the paternity test — to her, it was a minor thing. 
Even after all that Madam White had just told her, she still felt that she couldn’t possibly be the daughter of the White family. 
She nodded in response to Madam White’s hopeful gaze, "Alright, Madam White, I’ll go with you."
###Chapter 1277: Chapter 1274: Madam, the test results are out.
* 
"Madam, you have arrived." 
A moment later, Madam White led her into a room. 
A tall man with glasses and well-defined facial features approached them. 
The man looked at Joanna, a touch of admiration in his eyes, then turned to Madam White: "Madam, the test results are back." 
"What do the results say?" Madam White asked immediately, her face tense. 
The man handed a sheet of paper to Madam White: "Madam, take a look." 
Upon receiving the paper, Madam White quickly scanned it. 
When she saw the Paternity Test results, her fingers tightened around the paper. 
After a few seconds. 
Joanna noticed that Madam White seemed to have relaxed her shoulders and her expression looked less tense than before. 
A trace of joy appeared in her eyes. 
"Thank goodness." After reading the results, Madam White turned to Joanna, her face filled with joy, "Frank’s suspicions were true. She really isn’t my Cecilia. Joanna, the tests are done, Annie is not my daughter." 
"So the blood submitted for the test definitely wasn’t hers." 
"Joanna..." Madam White had a twinkle in her eye, "I brought you here, hoping that Lawson could help us do another test. You..." 
"Madam White, I am willing to cooperate with you." 
Before Madam White could finish, Joanna volunteered, "Madam White, you can just tell me what I need to do." 
"Ms. Joanna, it’s very simple." The man called Lawson smiled slightly, speaking gently, "I just need to draw a small blood sample from you." 
Joanna nodded after listening, "Alright." 
She stretched out an arm, "Let’s get started then." 
"Alright, Ms. Joanna, please come with me." 
Lawson led her to sit down and took out a brand-new syringe from a medical box. 
After Joanna’s blood was drawn, she left with Madam White. 
The test results would take several hours to come back. 
Yet Madam White was already treating Joanna like a daughter, even though the results weren’t out yet. 
"Joanna, can Madam White ask you a question?" Madam White’s eyes were filled with endless love, as well as guilt and regret. 
"Yes. Madam White, go ahead." 
"Joanna, if the test results come back and we truly are mother and daughter..." Madam White hesitated, asking cautiously, "Would you blame me? Would you still be willing to accept me as your mother?" 
"Madam White, you told me that when you sent your daughter away, it was out of helplessness. You were trying to protect her, so you had no choice but to do so, right?" 
"Yes." 
Madam White nodded, "But no matter what, I didn’t fulfill my responsibilities as a mother. Because of my helplessness, my daughter and I have been separated for nineteen years. She could have had a good life, but it was me and the White family who owed her." 
Joanna thought carefully before replying, "But everything you did was because you loved her, and you wanted to protect her. Besides, she might be living a very happy life now, so you haven’t let her down." 
"These past years, you’ve been searching for her and never gave up. This proves that you truly love her." 
"So, if it were me... I wouldn’t blame you." 
Madam White looked up, her eyes instantly reddening: "Really? Joanna, you really won’t blame me?"
###Chapter 1278: Chapter 1275: Did the White family find out something?
"Madam White, you had no choice either." Joanna Lawrence softly comforted Madam White, "Don’t worry, I think your daughter will definitely understand." 
Madam White stared at her intently, her lips quivering as if trying to say something. 
That gaze seemed to say: you are my daughter. 
However, it appeared that Joanna didn’t think so.
Her response made Madam White feel as if the burden in her heart had been significantly lightened. 
What she feared the most was that her daughter would return but refuse to acknowledge her. 
Fortunately, her daughter seemed understanding. 
Now Madam White felt that God had been very kind to her. 
Not only had she found her daughter, but she also found such an obedient, sensible, considerate, and kind-hearted daughter. 
At this moment. 
She couldn’t wait to recognize Joanna as her daughter right away. 
But the paternity test results hadn’t come out yet, and even though she was sure in her heart that Joanna was her daughter, she couldn’t officially acknowledge her just yet. 
However, it had already been confirmed that Annie Lawrence was an imposter. 
Thinking of Annie, Madam White’s anger rose again. 
Now that it has been confirmed that Annie is a fake, it is also certain that Rebecca Kelloway is involved in this matter. 
She used to think highly of the Kelloway family’s daughter. 
She even thought of trying to matchmake her with her own son. 
Thinking about it now, Madam White felt a burst of anger in her stomach. 
Luckily, her son Frank didn’t take a fancy to the Kelloway family’s daughter. 
When she thought about how Rebecca took her to the hospital, claiming to be worried about her health, she used to feel touched... 
But now she knew that everything was part of their scheme. 
Perhaps even at that time, they were planning how to impersonate her daughter. 
The more Madam White thought about it, the angrier she became; her face darkened significantly. 
Her voice turned cold, "I’ve never been deceived like this before. Joanna, let’s go confront the liar right now." 
* 
Annie Lawrence’s uneasiness grew stronger and stronger. 
She felt that something had gone wrong. 
The attitude of both Madam White and Gary White towards her wasn’t right. 
Especially Madam White. 
Though Gary had always been suspicious of her, his indifference had been persistent. 
But the attitude of Madam White... 
Before Gary talked to her at noon, her attitude towards Annie was still tolerable. 
But after that... 
The intense unease and panic made Annie return to her bedroom and immediately call Rebecca Kelloway. 
As soon as the call connected, Annie lowered her voice and anxiously said, "Ms. Kelloway, I suspect that the White family has found out something. Madam White and her son don’t seem to believe the paternity test results. Ms. Kelloway, what should we do if they find out that I am an imposter?" 
"You said that this matter was foolproof and there wouldn’t be any problems, right? But I am truly worried that Gary will find out something. If he and Madam White find out that we have deceived them, they will not let us off." 
The more Annie spoke, the more frightened she became, thinking about the difference in Madam White’s attitude and the look Gary gave her when he returned. 
She felt her hands and feet turn cold instantly. 
"Ms. Kelloway, I’m really scared..." Just thinking of Gary’s gaze made Annie’s back break out in a cold sweat. 
Considering Gary’s personality. 
If he found out something, she would be in serious trouble. 
At this moment, Annie had long lost her initial smugness and excitement; she was now terrified... 
——-
###Chapter 1279: Chapter 1276: Joanna is really good at coaxing people
"Keep it together and don’t give yourself away," Rebecca Kelloway’s icy voice came through. "Even if he suspects something, he won’t find anything. That blood is real, and so are the paternity test results. What can he do with mere suspicions?" 
"Worst case scenario, we’ll just have to do another paternity test. We still have Joanna Lawrence’s blood, so what are you scared of?" 
"But..." Annie Lawrence felt that things aren’t as simple as Rebecca said. 
Madam White was easy to deal with. 
But Gary White... 
"If he really finds out anything, will you still be in the White family? Annie, stop being so paranoid. If you keep acting like this, even if they don’t suspect you now, they’ll start thinking there’s something wrong with you." 
"Remember, you are now the daughter of the White family. Your identity has been confirmed." 
Annie’s frightened heart gradually calmed down after listening to Rebecca’s words. 
But she was still scared. 
"Since they can’t find out anything, why are they still so good to that little bitch, Joanna? I am the White family’s birth daughter, right? But whether it’s Madam White or Gary White, they’re both so much nicer to that little bitch." 
She said through gritted teeth, "I don’t know what kind of love potion that little bitch gave them." 
"Joanna’s methods are much better than yours," Rebecca sneered on the other side. "If you were as cunning and resourceful as her, you could’ve done the same. Now, forget about her. Annie, I got you this position, now it’s time for you to repay me." 
Annie was taken aback, "Ms. Kelloway, what do you want me to do?" 
"You’ve been separated from the White family for over a decade and have now finally been acknowledged by them. I’m sure the White family feels indebted to you by now, so they’ll agree to whatever you ask. I want you to talk to Madam White and have her invest a sum of money into Kelloway Group." 
"Annie, remember, I can get you this position, and I can also take it away. So, the investment must be secured today. I don’t care what method you use, but you must get the investment." 
After hanging up the phone, Annie looked a bit upset. 
She didn’t even know if Madam White and Gary White were suspicious of her now. 
But Rebecca wanted her to ask for the investment at this critical time.
What if Madam White and Gary White distrust her even more because of this? 
And what about Rebecca... 
Just as she was feeling troubled, there was a knock on the door. 
Annie was startled and looked up towards the door. 
"Miss, Madam says it’s time for dinner," said a maid outside. 
Annie calmed herself down, glanced at her phone, recalled what Rebecca had just told her, and her expression darkened. She took a deep breath and said, "I got it, tell Mom I’ll be right down!" 
* 
When Annie arrived downstairs, she saw Madam White sitting in the living room. 
Joanna was sitting next to Madam White, and they were talking about something. Madam White was smiling with joy, looking very pleased. 
Annie couldn’t help but feel annoyed. 
With a cold face, she clenched her fists and walked over. 
"Mom." She looked discontentedly at Joanna next to Madam White and couldn’t help but be sarcastic, "Joanna really knows how to charm people. It seems like Mom really likes Joanna." 
After confirming that Annie was an imposter, Madam White lost any semblance of warmth towards her.
###Chapter 1280: Chapter 1277: You Are Not Cecilia At All
Hearing Annie still calling her "Mom," she frowned in disgust. 
Annie was about to act coquettishly and complain, but when she lowered her head, she met Madam White’s eyes, full of disgust and anger. 
She was stunned, and that bad premonition emerged again. 
After staring blankly for a few seconds, she cried out in panic, "Mom." 
"Shut up!" 
Madam White was a person with a very mild temperament. In all these years, the employees of the White family had never seen her get angry. 
But now, her gaze towards Annie was filled with anger, her face turning a little green: "Don’t call me that again. What kind of daughter are you, you shameless liar, pretending to be my Cecilia?" 
As if struck by lightning, Annie widened her eyes, her face instantly turning pale. 
"Mom, what are you talking about?" Her eyes were full of panic, facing Madam White’s extremely cold gaze, her mind went blank for a moment, stammering, "What liar, I, I am your daughter." 
"I didn’t pretend to be." 
"Didn’t we have a paternity test? You’ve seen the results too, Mom." 
What’s going on. 
Why would Madam White say she was a liar, pretending... 
Everything was fine before. 
How come it’s been less than an hour, and now she’s saying she’s a pretender. 
Did she and Gary White really find out something? 
No, Rebecca Kelloway had just said that the blood was real, and the paternity test results were also real. 
Even if they went to check, they wouldn’t find out anything. 
So... 
Annie suddenly thought of a possibility, turning her head sharply, her eyes fierce as she glared at Joanna Lawrence on the side. 
Madam White had been with Joanna, that little bitch, all along. 
It must be that little bitch who told Madam White something. 
"Joanna Lawrence, what did you tell Mom?" Annie, like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, exploded, "You saw me being recognized by the White family, my status so different from yours, are you jealous of me? That’s why you badmouthed me to Mom." 
"Joanna Lawrence, how can you be so cheap?" 
"You can’t bear to see me doing well, so you want to sow discord." 
"Mom, don’t believe her." Annie walked over to Madam White, trying to grab her hand, "No matter what she told you, it’s not true. She is trying to drive a wedge between us. She’s been jealous of me since we were little because I’m always better than her. Now that she sees I’m the daughter of the White family, she’s jealous, she can’t stand that I’m living a better life. Mom, let me tell you, she’s just a..." 
"Slap." 
Before Annie could finish speaking, she was slapped dazed by Mdm. White. 
Madam White’s face was livid, pointing at Annie’s nose and scolding angrily, "Shut up! You used despicable means to deceive me, making me think that you were Cecilia. And now, you dare to slander Joanna?" 
"Joanna is a thousand times, ten thousand times better than you. Does she need to be jealous of you?" 
"Up to now, do you still want to treat the White family as fools? You conspired with Rebecca Kelloway, using dishonorable means to take Cecilia’s blood for the test. This is an account I will settle with you!" 
Annie still wanted to explain. 
But after hearing Madam White’s words, her face changed dramatically, her eyes wide with shock and fear. 
Madam White was furious, with cold in her eyes: "I took your hair and had it retested. You’re not Cecilia at all."
###Chapter 1281: Chapter 1241: Rebecca Kelloway is the Mastermind Behind this Incident
Annie Lawrence’s face finally showed a look of horror. 
"Mom, no, Madam White, I, I didn’t do it on purpose..." 
Seeing that the truth had been exposed, Annie Lawrence’s face turned pale, and she stepped back nervously. 
How could this happen. 
How could this happen! 
Didn’t they say they couldn’t find out anything? 
Why did Madam White know everything? 
"Mom, have the paternity test results come out yet?" 
Footsteps sounded from behind, accompanied by the respectful voice of a maid: "Mr. Ashton, Mr. Brandon." 
Joanna saw Ashton Heath and Gary White walk over together. 
Gary White’s face was stern, with no hint of warmth in his eyes. He stopped in front of Annie Lawrence. 
He looked down, his gaze as cold as ice: "Annie Lawrence, you have quite the nerve. You dare to deceive the White family. Was it Rebecca Kelloway who gave you the courage, or was it someone else?" 
Hearing Gary White’s voice, Annie Lawrence raised her head to meet his cold, icy eyes, and a look of fear appeared in her own eyes. 
She was so scared that she kept retreating, shaking her head as she backed away: "No, it wasn’t my idea. It’s true, it was Rebecca Kelloway, she told me to do it." 
As if she had suddenly grasped a life-saving straw, Annie immediately tried to exonerate herself: "It really wasn’t my idea, Rebecca found me. She told me that she could make me the daughter of the White family, and asked if I was willing." 
"I was afraid at first, and I refused her. But she kept assuring me that this plan was foolproof and wouldn’t be discovered. She’s the daughter of the Kelloway family, I can’t afford to offend her, let alone..." 
"Let alone, given the opportunity, who wouldn’t want to be the daughter of the White family? Who would refuse the chance to be someone important?" Annie raised her trembling head, her eyes red, "But if it wasn’t for her finding me, I wouldn’t have done it." 
"Rebecca Kelloway is the mastermind behind this. I deceived you, but I had no choice but to listen to her. She’s someone I can’t afford to offend." 
Gary White sneered: "You mean, Rebecca found you and told you about our family matters, and that’s how you knew?" 
"Yes, she’s the one who told me." 
"Annie Lawrence, you still want to deceive people?" Gary White’s eyes turned cold, "It’s obvious that you knew about our family matters first, and you went to find her." 
How could Rebecca possibly know about the White family’s affairs? 
And even know all the details. 
Even knowing about the birthmark on Joanna’s body. 
"No, I really didn’t know." Annie Lawrence shook her head desperately, her voice trembling with fear, "It’s true that Rebecca told me about it, she found me and told me about those matters." 
"Mr. White, please believe me. I’m not lying, it really was Rebecca who told me." 
"How would I know such private matters about your family if she hadn’t told me?" 
Gary White originally thought she was lying. 
But looking at her reaction, she didn’t seem to be lying. 
He furrowed his brow, and his eyes darkened for a moment. 
Could it be that Rebecca really told her? 
But how did Rebecca know? 
Even he only learned recently that his sister had a birthmark on her body. 
After Annie’s tearful confession, Gary White suddenly noticed a maid standing in the hall with an unusual expression. As their eyes met, the maid lowered her head in guilt. 
Gary White became suspicious, but he didn’t think too much about it. He quickly thought of a very important question. 
He stared sharply at Annie Lawrence: "Whose blood did you use for the paternity test?"
###Chapter 1282: Chapter 1278: Do You All Think She’s Such a Good Person?
Annie Lawrence was stunned and couldn’t help but look at Joanna, who was standing beside her. 
She bit her lip, and the hatred in her eyes could not be hidden any longer. 
Even if she failed this time, she would not let Joanna, that little bitch, have the chance to soar and become a phoenix. 
"I don’t know." 
She lied, "Everything was arranged by Rebecca Kelloway. I just followed her instructions and did what she told me to do. I don’t know anything." 
Of course, Gary White wouldn’t believe her words. 
His eyes grew colder, and the chill in them terrified her: "Is it that you don’t know, or that you don’t want to say?" 
"Mr. White, I truly don’t know." Annie endured the fear in her heart, took her hateful gaze off of Joanna, and lowered her head, not daring to look at Gary. "I only helped Rebecca with her tasks, I did whatever she asked me to do." 
"I really don’t understand any further." 
"You think we won’t find out if you won’t say it?" 
Gary White didn’t look at her anymore; instead, he walked towards Joanna: "Joanna, I suspect they took your blood for a paternity test. So, I want to redo the test again. Can you..?" 
"Frank, I’ve already let Joanna get the test done." Madam White coldly looked at Annie, "In a few hours, we will have the paternity test results." 
Annie suddenly looked up. 
They actually performed a paternity test on that little bitch, Joanna? 
Annie naturally understood whose blood was taken for the test that day. 
She was also well aware of who the real daughter of the White family was. 
She thought that if she kept silent, the White family would never find out. 
But now, the White family had actually requested a paternity test for Joanna. 
Joanna was the real daughter of the White family. 
Once the paternity test results were revealed, the truth would come to light. 
Whether or not she revealed this, it wouldn’t matter anymore. 
Realizing this, Annie’s face immediately turned ugly. 
Why did everything turn into this, when she had already succeeded? 
Why did that little bitch Joanna, who did nothing, easily get everything she had ever dreamed of? 
Why?! 
Why was God so unfair to her? 
The intense jealousy and indignant anger could no longer be suppressed at this moment, swallowing her rationality. 
Annie suddenly exploded. 
She turned around, her hateful gaze falling on Joanna: "Yes, that’s right, Joanna is the real daughter of the White family. I did take her blood for the test. But what does that matter?"
"You think I’m bad. Do you really think she is such a good person?" 
"Those scandals on the internet, do you think they were all lies and slander against her? She’s the best at playing innocent, acting weak and harmless. As if she’s never at fault, as if everyone is always against her, bullying her." 
"But she’s not really how you see her on the surface!" 
She couldn’t accept it. 
She really couldn’t accept it. 
Why did Joanna have to be better than her in every way? 
When they were young, they went to the same school as two sisters, yet the one who always received the most praise was always Joanna. 
People praised Joanna for her good looks, her academic achievements, and her likable personality. 
Annie wasn’t bad either. 
She also received many compliments, and there were many people who liked her. 
But once she stood beside Joanna, she would always end up being the one overlooked.
###Chapter 1283: Chapter 1279: Not Allowing Her to Step Into the White Family Again
All of their attention was focused on Joanna Lawrence. 
Even if someone noticed her, they would only say that she didn’t look like Joanna. 
It was always Joanna who was deemed prettier than her. 
Even the boy she liked, the one she revered as a heartthrob but dared not approach, also liked Joanna. 
Later on. 
She and Joanna enrolled in the same university. 
Another boy she secretly loved fell for Joanna as well. 
And not only that. 
She pursued a boy whom she thought was good enough for her, spent great efforts, but failed to win him over. 
Without any effort, Joanna began dating David Benington. 
David was way better than the boy she was chasing back then. 
At that time, her sense of imbalance intensified. 
Everything she wanted, she had to fight for with all her might. 
While Joanna could get everything effortlessly. 
After spending two years of efforts, she finally stole David away from Joanna and made him hers.
She thought she had won at last. 
She thought that Joanna would always be inferior to her, and that Joanna would never turn the tables. 
But she never expected... 
Annie Lawrence’s eyes were bloodshot, and her resentful gaze shifted to Ashton Heath. 
This man, whom she had only dared to dream of, was now Joanna’s boyfriend. 
The Heath family was the most elite wealthy family in Closia. 
How could that wretched Joanna be worthy of such an outstanding man?! 
Just because of her siren face? 
Why were these men so superficial?! 
David was like this, and even Ashton was just like this... 
"Mr. Ashton, what do you like about Joanna Lawrence?" Annie asked angrily through clenched teeth. "Do you just like her face? Do you think she’s still some pure and graceful young lady? Let me tell you, she’s been played around by others." 
"She was with David for two years. Do you think he didn’t touch her?" 
"Not just David, she was like this even before..." 
Annie suddenly felt as if someone was strangling her. The words she wanted to say were stuck in her throat as she met Ashton’s icy black eyes. 
She caught a glimpse of the murderous intent in the depths of his eyes. 
"Get her out of here, right now, get her out!" Madam White ordered furiously. "You stole Joanna’s fiancé, and now you’re impersonating her and trying to steal her biological parents too. You are such a vicious woman." 
"You’ve bullied Joanna to this state, and now you’re still talking bad about her. We can only imagine how insidious and wicked you must be behind our backs. I never want to see such a vicious woman like you again." 
"Get her out of here right now, and never let her step foot in the White family again." 
As Lady Octavia finished speaking, several bodyguards swiftly grabbed Annie. 
Annie struggled hard, her resentful gaze fixed on Joanna. As she struggled, she cursed maliciously, "Joanna Lawrence, don’t be so smug. Do you think you’ve won now? Do you think everything will go your way from now on? Let me tell you, you won’t have a good ending. My today is your tomorrow, no, you will be a hundred, a thousand times worse off than me!" 
"Gag her mouth!" Madam White was trembling with anger. 
A bodyguard immediately stuffed something into Annie’s mouth and forcefully escorted her away.
###Chapter 1284: Chapter 1280: Everything Has Been Revealed
A few seconds later. 
Finally, the hall was silent again. 
"Mom, don’t be angry anymore. Take care of your health." Gary White asked a servant to make a cup of coffee, then brought it to Madam White. 
"Mom, have some coffee to cool down." He handed the coffee cup to Madam White. 
But she didn’t take it. 
She turned and looked at Joanna Lawrence with tearful eyes. 
"Joanna." Madam White’s hand was shaking as she held Joanna’s, her voice trembling with emotion. "I knew it, you must be Cecilia. God has not treated me poorly, after all. I finally found you." 
The Paternity Test results had not come out yet. 
But that result didn’t matter anymore. 
Now, everything had come to light. 
That blood was Joanna’s. 
As long as the test result was accurate, then Joanna was the true bloodline of the White family. 
Joanna looked blankly at Madam White. 
She had heard everything Annie Lawrence had said. 
She had never thought that she could really be the daughter of the White family, the daughter of Madam White. 
Nor would she ever dream that she and Jeremy Lawrence were not the children of the Lawrence family. 
One of them belonged to the Heath family, the other to the White family. 
Of the three children in the Lawrence family, two were actually adopted. 
She had always known that she and Jeremy didn’t look alike, and neither did she and Annie. 
She also didn’t look like Benjamin or Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence. 
She had doubted this in her heart, but she never thought the truth would be like this. 
Madam White was already crying too hard to speak. She hugged the still-stunned Joanna and cried, "Cecilia, my Cecilia, Mom finally found you." 
"Cecilia, do you know that I think about you every day. Wondering if you’re doing well, what you will look like when you grow up, and if you know it was me who sent you away, would you resent me, blame me." 
"Cecilia, it was Mom who let you down. It was Mom who made us mother and daughter separated for so many years." 
"I’m sorry, I’m sorry..." 
Madam White cried until her whole body was shaking. 
"Mom." Gary White frowned and walked over, putting a gentle hand on Madam White’s shoulder. "Don’t cry anymore, you’re making Joanna not know what to do. Joanna finally recognized us, which is something worth celebrating. Why are you crying like this?" 
"I am happy." Madam White sniffled and raised her head, her eyes red and swollen from crying. "I’m just too happy, that’s why I’m crying tears of joy. We’ve been looking for your sister for more than ten years, and we finally found her. Aren’t you happy?" 
Gary White was a bit helpless: "Of course I’m happy." 
"But I don’t see you looking happy at all. You haven’t shown any happy expression on your face. Is this how you are when you’re happy?" 
Gary White: "..." 
"Mom, happiness doesn’t always have to be shown on the face." 
"If you don’t show it on your face at a time like this, then when will you ever show it on your face? You’ll make Cecilia think you don’t welcome her." 
Gary White: "..." 
"If you make Cecilia feel sad and think that we don’t like her, I won’t play with you!" 
"..." 
Gary White was almost amused by Madam White. 
He knew how much his mother loved her daughter, and how much she wanted to find this younger sister. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have persisted for more than ten years without giving up. 
But his mother’s reaction now was, perhaps, a bit too over-the-top.
###Chapter 1285: Chapter 1281: Give Her Some Time
She was crying like a three-year-old child. 
He hadn’t seen his mother cry like this in a long time. 
She was a mess of snot and tears, any trace of her usual elegance and composure nowhere to be found. 
"Mom, I think you should let Joanna go for now," Gary White twitched at the corners of his mouth, a hint of amusement on his face as he looked at Joanna Lawrence, who was helplessly embraced by Madam White. "You scared Joanna with your outburst just now." 
"Maybe you should give Joanna some time to recover." 
Madam White stared blankly, lifting her tear-streaked face. 
Then she saw the bewildered and helpless expression on Joanna’s face. 
Compared to Madam White’s current excitement and joy, Joanna didn’t burst into tears of joy at the mother-daughter reunion, nor did she feel the kind of grievance and sorrow from being separated from her mother for more than ten years. 
What she felt more was confusion, the kind that came from not knowing how to deal with the current situation. 
She had lived in the Lawrence family for more than ten years. 
She had always believed that she was a member of the Lawrence family, the daughter of Benjamin Lawrence. 
Then one day, someone told her that she had no blood relations with the Lawrence family. 
Her biological parents were actually someone else.
It was too sudden and unexpected for her. 
So at this moment, there wasn’t much joy in Joanna’s heart. 
She couldn’t share the same emotions as Madam White. 
For her, it was something she couldn’t fully accept for the time being. 
"Joanna, did I really scare you?" Madam White asked, her face full of caution as if she was truly afraid that she had frightened her. "I am sorry. Mom was just too happy. I got carried away with my reaction. You... you should say something." 
Having just found her daughter, Madam White was careful to think before she spoke, trying to figure out if it was appropriate to say what’s on her mind. 
Seeing that Joanna just looked at her blankly and did not speak, Madam White grew anxious. 
"Joanna, did I say something I shouldn’t have, did that upset you?" came an anxious Madam White. 
"No... not at all." 
Seeing Madam White’s anxious look, Joanna finally came back to her senses: "Madam White, no, you haven’t said anything that would upset me." 
"Are you still calling me Madam White?" Madam White’s eyes dimmed a little. 
"I..." Joanna opened her mouth, at loss for words. 
She couldn’t bear to see Madam White disappointed. 
Yet, she couldn’t bring herself to call her "Mom" at the moment. 
She liked Madam White. 
However, liking her and accepting her as mother immediately were two different things. 
"Mom, you’re being too impatient." Gary watched from the side, realizing that Joanna was still taking time to accept everything. He advised Madam White, "Give Joanna some time. This is all too sudden for her." 
"Madam White." 
Ashton Heath watched from the side for a while, then slowly walked towards Joanna, gently patting her head. "This is indeed sudden for Joanna. I hope you won’t rush her into making a decision. Give her some time to carefully think it over." 
"After all, this is not a small matter." 
Madam White was so immersed in the joy of finding her daughter that she didn’t have the mind to consider anything else. 
The only thought in her head was to immediately recognize Joanna as her daughter and bring her back to the White family. 
Slowly calming down, she gradually regained some of her rationality.
###Chapter 1286: Chapter 1282: What are you always staring at Joanna for?
She was indeed too hasty. 
It seemed like she really frightened her Cecilia. 
"I’m sorry, Cecilia. Mom was too hasty." Madam White quickly let go of her, but her gaze couldn’t move away from Joanna Lawrence. "Okay, okay, I’ll listen to Frank and Ashton. I won’t rush you. Take your time to think." 
Joanna Lawrence raised her head blankly, looking at Ashton Heath. 
"Joanna, you don’t have to think about anything right now." Ashton stroked her hair, took her hand, pulled her up, "It’s just like what I said before, no matter how you choose, I am always by your side." 
"No one will force you." 
"Whatever you choose, it’s all up to you." 
"Right." 
Frank’s eyes softened. "Joanna, no matter what choice you make, we can understand. Let’s not discuss this right now, let’s have dinner first, shall we?" 
"Everything else can wait till after dinner." 
"I heard that Mom cooked a grand feast today. It’s been years since I had one. We’re lucky to partake this time." 
"Yes, Joanna." 
Madam White hurriedly got up. "Dinner is ready, it’s getting late. Let’s have dinner." 
Joanna glanced at Ashton, and Ashton gave her a slight nod. 
She tightened her grip on Ashton’s hand. Under Madam White’s anxious and expectant gaze, she gently nodded: "Okay."
A smile immediately appeared on Madam White’s face, and she quickly instructed the maid to get things ready. 
* 
Although Madam White seldom cooked, her culinary skills were certainly good. 
A grand table full of dishes, all rich in color, aroma, and flavor. 
She sat next to Joanna, always attentive. 
During dinner, 
If Joanna’s gaze lingered on a dish for more than a few seconds, she would immediately serve it in Joanna’s bowl. 
This made Joanna feel embarrassed to look at the other dishes and only ate the ones in front of her. 
Whenever Joanna tried a dish, Madam White would ask her how it tasted and if she liked it. 
Throughout the meal, Madam White didn’t eat much herself, her full attention was on Joanna. 
"Mom, you should eat too." Frank couldn’t help but intervene, serving some food in Madam White’s bowl, "Why are you staring at Joanna all the time? You’re making her uncomfortable." 
Madam White laughed heartily. 
She turned her head and grinned at Frank, "What’s wrong with me looking at Joanna. You mind your own business. I’m not hungry." 
Frank was exasperated and rubbed his forehead. 
"Joanna, you like shrimp, don’t you? How come you haven’t taken more?" Madam White slowly noticed that Joanna only ate a few dishes in front of her and didn’t touch the others. "Are you tired of it?" 
"No, the dishes that Madam White cooked are all delicious, I’m not tired of them. I’m just full." Joanna Lawrence uttered gently. When she called her "Madam White," she saw a hint of disappointment in her eyes. 
She knew that technically, now that the truth had come out and her identity as the daughter of the White family was confirmed, 
Madam White was indeed her biological mother, 
And she should address her as such. 
But for the moment, she really couldn’t bring herself to say it out loud. 
Madam White was indeed a bit disappointed. 
After searching for over ten years, she finally recognized the daughter she had missed day and night, and naturally, she couldn’t wait to be acknowledged in return as mother and daughter.
###Chapter 1287: Chapter 1283: She Really Wants to Make Amends Now
But she also knew that for Joanna, her biological mother was just a bit more familiar than a stranger currently. 
It would be difficult for Joanna to change the way she addressed her now. 
Even though she understood the logic, there was still a small sense of loss in her heart. 
"You’ve only eaten this little and you’re full. No wonder you’re so thin," Madam White said with a touch of heartache in her eyes. "Joanna, are you really full? Or is it because you performers need to keep your figure, so you can’t eat too much? Is that why you’ve eaten so little?" 
"No, Madam White. I’m really full," Joanna felt that she had actually eaten quite a lot. Since she knew Madam White had been working hard to prepare these dishes, she tasted every dish. 
Joanna looked at Madam White, who appeared a little disappointed, and felt sorry for her. 
She immediately said, "Madam White, your cooking is delicious, and I like every dish. It’s just that I don’t usually eat much and have a small appetite, so I can’t eat too much. I’m really full." 
"So thin," Madam White sighed. "If you come and live with me for a month, I guarantee you’ll put on some weight. I’ll cook whatever you like every day." 
Joanna pressed her lips together and remained silent. 
Madam White sighed gently again. 
Forget it, there’s no need to rush. 
Now that her daughter had been found, there was no need to hurry with many things. 
If she pushed too hard and drove her away, it would be a loss. 
She shouldn’t be too greedy. 
God had shown her mercy by allowing their mother-daughter reunion, which was a special grace already. 
As for the rest, she shouldn’t ask for too much. 
If she became too greedy, she feared God would take back what he had given her. 
* 
After dinner. 
Madam White wanted to keep Joanna, but Gary White stopped her. 
"Mom, it’s getting late, Joanna and Ashton have things to do, they have to go back," he said. 
"What’s the matter? Let’s talk about it another day," 
Madam White clearly didn’t want Joanna to leave. 
Mother and daughter had just acknowledged each other. 
She still had so many things to say to her daughter. 
She wished Joanna would stay in the White family. 
That way, mother and daughter could be together every day. 
Madam White felt that she owed much to Joanna. She hadn’t been able to fulfill her duties as a mother and provide her daughter with the maternal love she deserved. 
Now she wanted to make it up to her. 
"Then, Joanna," 
She looked at Joanna with a reluctance in her eyes, "If I miss you, can I come to see you? Will you still come to see me?" 
She asked cautiously. 
After asking, she nervously and restlessly waited for Joanna’s response. 
"Of course, Madam White," Joanna’s emotions were also complicated at this time. She looked at Madam White’s cautious and worried expression, as if she was afraid that Joanna would refuse, and couldn’t help feeling a bit sad and reluctant. 
According to Madam White, at that time, she was helpless and had to choose to do what she did. 
She was not wrong, she only wanted to save her daughter’s life. 
Joanna didn’t blame Madam White for sending her away. She thought about it, and if she were in that situation, she would probably do the same. 
She didn’t blame Madam White. 
She just hadn’t fully accepted the situation yet, nor did she know how to interact with Madam White in the future. 
Madam White was waiting carefully and nervously for her answer. Hearing her not to refuse, a slight smile finally appeared on her face.
###Chapter 1288: Chapter 1284: Has She Gone a Bit Too Far?
She hesitated for a moment, then went forward and held Joanna’s hand, gripping it tightly: "Joanna, do you really...not blame me? Do you really understand what I was doing back then?" 
Madam White was still unsure. 
She was afraid that Joanna would say that she didn’t mind on the surface, but inside would resent her for sending her away. 
She was afraid that her daughter would refuse to acknowledge her. 
"Yes," Joanna nodded, "Madam White, I’ve never blamed you. I know that everything you did was for my own good. You had no choice back then, so I can understand." 
"That’s good, that’s good," Madam White said, her eyes watering again, "as long as you don’t blame me. Joanna, I know you can’t accept all this at once, so I won’t force you. You can go back and think about it." 
"But, no matter what you think, I still hope you can give me a chance to make up for it as a mother. Even if you don’t want to acknowledge me, at least let me have the opportunity to make it up to you." 
"Otherwise, I’ll never be at ease for the rest of my life." 
* 
Leaving the White family. 
Joanna sat in the car. When the car had driven some distance, she turned her head to look outside the window and saw Madam White still standing there, watching them leave. 
She watched for a moment, then pulled back her gaze, her feelings complicated. 
"What are you thinking?" Beside her, Ashton Heath followed her gaze and then gently pulled her into his arms, soothingly caressing the top of her head.
Joanna leaned against his chest, listening to his steady, strong heartbeat, and after a moment of silence, she spoke with a hint of bitterness: "Ashton, I suddenly feel a little uncomfortable. You think, did I go too far?" 
She could see how reluctant Madam White was. 
She could see how upset Madam White was. 
She knew that Madam White wanted to acknowledge her as her daughter right away. 
Just now, for a moment, watching Madam White stand motionless in the same spot, even though their car had driven far away and she couldn’t see them from that position, she hadn’t left. 
In that moment, she wondered if she had gone too far. 
"Why are you feeling upset?" Ashton asked gently while stroking the soft, silky hair of the girl in his arms. 
"I just feel uncomfortable, I feel...Madam White seems a little pitiful. I’m wondering if I went too far. If I shouldn’t have treated her like that. But..." Joanna looked up, her misty eyes filled with confusion, "For me to acknowledge her right away, I’m not ready for that yet." 
"Ashton, do you know?" 
"In fact, my mom treats me very well too, my adoptive mom. She really loves me very much, and I love her very much too. That’s why now..." She didn’t know how to express her feelings. 
But Ashton understood. 
He knew what she wanted to say. 
He pondered for a moment, his slender fingers running through her hair: "Do you think that acknowledging Madam White would betray your adoptive mother?" 
Joanna was silent for a moment: "That’s part of the reason. I just feel that Madam White is a very kind and gentle elder to me, and I like her, but if she suddenly became my mom, it would feel strange." 
"But when you see her sad, you can’t bear it?" 
"...Yes." 
"The White family has been looking for you for more than ten years, and finally found you.
###Chapter 1289: Chapter 1285: The Most Beautiful and Moving Love Words
Madam White and Gary White liked you so much before, they must be eager to recognize you. Joanna, I won’t analyze this for you, you need to think carefully about it by yourself." 
This could be considered one of the significant events in Joanna’s life. 
It’s up to her to decide. 
Joanna still looked puzzled: "I, I don’t know..." 
"Then take your time to think about it, no need to rush." 
Ashton Heath touched her head gently and said softly, "Whether you’re willing to return to the White family or not, I’ll always be by your side." 
Joanna raised her head, looking into the man’s tender and indulgent eyes, she pursed her lips and asked softly, "Ashton, if I return to the White family and become a member of the Whites, would it save you a lot of trouble?" 
"Hmm?" 
"If I become Madam White’s daughter, then I will be the daughter of the White family. The Lawrence family is of lower status and marrying into the Heath family is a climb up the social ladder, but the White family and the Heath family are a match in social and economic status." 
"By then, Mom wouldn’t think we’re mismatched because of my family background." 
"And you won’t have to be caught in the middle in the future." 
"Is that what you think?" Ashton Heath was stunned for a moment, his hand resting on her head, "Mmm, if you return to the White family and become Madam White’s daughter, my mother wouldn’t have any dissatisfaction with your identity either." 
"Indeed, this could reduce some internal family conflicts." 
"However, my baby..." the man’s voice slightly paused, his gentle gaze on her as he continued, "I don’t need you to do this for my sake. When you make a decision, I want you to consider only yourself." 
"Remember that." 
He reached out and held Joanna’s chin, lifting her head up, his deep dark eyes fixed on her, he said word for word: "You are Ashton Heath’s wife, from the moment we got our marriage certificate, we are meant to be together for a lifetime." 
"In the future, you’ll be spending your life with me, not with my family." 
"It would be best if they like you, but it doesn’t matter if someone doesn’t. Remember, as long as your husband loves you, nothing else matters." 
Joanna stared at him blankly, her heart beating uncontrollably fast. 
"What if... what if one day you don’t love me anymore?" 
"That day will never come." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes were serious, as if he was pledging: "There will never be such a day. Even if I die, my soul will still love you. Joanna, you can doubt many things about me, but you must never doubt my love for you." 
Joanna’s face gradually reddened. 
When the man said "I love you," her heart raced wildly. 
She thought to herself, in this world, the most beautiful and touching love words were truly "I love you." 
* 
On the other side. 
"Mom, let’s go in. You can’t see anything anymore, what are you still looking at?" Gary White gently put a hand on Madam White’s shoulder, guiding her to turn around and go back. 
"Gary." 
Madam White took a few steps, stopped, and her eyebrows still carried sadness and a little loss. 
She turned around, her eyes still red, and her voice choked up, "Do you think Joanna is resentful towards me? She won’t forgive me and won’t accept me as her mother." 
"Mom, don’t overthink it," Gary White patiently comforted, "Joanna said she doesn’t blame you, didn’t she?" 
"She did," Madam White sighed sadly, "but maybe she was just saying it to avoid making everyone feel embarrassed. Perhaps deep down, she still blames me. If she didn’t, she wouldn’t have become so distant from me all of a sudden."
###Chapter 1290: Chapter 1286: It’s Impossible to Find Someone With Better Conditions Than Him
"She used to be close to me." 
"Her coldness towards you is not because she resents you, but because she suddenly discovered her relationship with our White family, and couldn’t accept it right away." Gary White looked at the upset Madam White and sighed softly, "Mom, you’re too anxious."
"You have to give Joanna some time to adjust. You expect her to accept us immediately, return to the White family, and become a loving family together. How could that be possible?" 
"Annie Lawrence is more than willing to do that, isn’t she just a fake?" 
"We have already found Joanna now, so what are you worrying about? You’ve endured more than a decade, can’t you bear it now?" 
"I understand what you’re saying." Madam White’s eyes filled with worries, as she apparently didn’t listen to his comforting words, "But what if Joanna resents me and your dad, and she refuses to acknowledge us and doesn’t want to come back?" 
Gary White was more open-minded, "If she doesn’t wish to, then we should respect her decision. After all, when you sent her away, you never asked if she was willing. Now you want to bring her back, so how can you disregard her feelings and force her to return?" 
Madam White became agitated, "At that time she was just a baby, how could I ask her if she was willing?" 
"Mom, don’t worry." Gary White gently pressed on her shoulder, "I was just giving an example. My point is, we have to respect Joanna’s decision. Since the White family has already owed her a lot, we can’t do anything that would upset her again." 
"From now on, whatever she likes, we’ll go along with it." 
"Follow her wishes in everything. In fact, for us, it is a consolation to see that Cecilia is living well and happily now." 
"Where is she living well?" Madam White’s face darkened when she thought of Annie Lawrence, "I sent someone to inquire. Ever since her adoptive mother passed away, her stepmother and stepsister have been bullying her. All these years, my Cecilia has suffered many grievances." 
"But she is happy now." Gary White hooked his lips, "She is married to Young Master Ashton of the Heath family. Even if she doesn’t return to the White family, with Ashton Heath protecting her, who would dare to bully her?" 
"What did you say?!" Madam White widened her eyes, "Who did Cecilia marry?" 
"Mom, Joanna and Ashton Heath are already married." 
"What, Cecilia and Ashton Heath are already married?" 
"Yes, I only found out about it today." 
Madam White looked shocked. 
It took her a while to recover, "But Cecilia is still so young. How could she be married already? I wanted to choose a good husband who would cherish and love her. How could she be married already?" 
Madam White seemed unable to accept this news. 
Gary White chuckled, "Mom, who else would you choose? Can you find a better man in Closia than this son-in-law of yours? Of course, your own son is an exception, but Joanna and I are siblings by marriage." 
"Ashton Heath is top-notch in terms of family background, appearance, and personal abilities. If you really want to choose someone, you wouldn’t be able to find someone with better conditions than him." 
For a moment, Madam White had nothing to say. 
Because when she thought carefully, it was true. 
Those two kids from the Heath family were definitely the best candidates among the unmarried young men in their circle. 
No one she could choose would compare to them.</p
###Chapter 1291: Chapter 1287: Unprecedented Gentleness
"Ashton Heath is outstanding and, when it comes to qualifications, he is definitely a match for our Cecilia. However, simply having a high status doesn’t mean much. Knowing how to care for and cherish someone is the most important aspect." 
"I’d rather have Cecilia choose a man who might not be as accomplished but would place her at the center of his heart." 
"In that case, you can be even more at ease." Gary White narrowed his eyes, the corners revealing a hint of a smile, "Your son-in-law definitely puts your daughter in a prominent position in his heart. In all these years I’ve known Ashton, I have never seen him so devoted to anyone." 
"I have no qualms about Joanna marrying him." 
* 
Joanna woke up from a deep sleep and received the message sent by Gary White. 
The lead actor of the crew has been confirmed, and if everything goes as planned, the official filming will begin tomorrow once all the staff are in place. 
Gary White reminded her to be well-prepared, as her Male Lead 1 is an absolutely seasoned actor. 
After reading the messages Gary sent, Joanna immediately searched Twitter to see who the new lead actor was. 
When she found out, she couldn’t help but be surprised. 
It could be described as both a shock and a pleasant surprise. 
The newly appointed Male Lead 1 turned out to be an actor that she had always admired. 
He was a first-line status actor. 
Although he wasn’t very old, many people in the industry respectfully called him "big brother." 
At only twenty-seven, he had already won three Best Actor awards. 
It could be said that the new lead actor, in terms of acting strength and influence, was much stronger than Maddox Allenson. 
Most importantly, Joanna’s dream had been to one day act in opposing scenes with Kelvin Norman. 
Gary White had unexpectedly fulfilled one of her wishes. 
After browsing the news about Kelvin, Joanna was about to exit the blog when another familiar name caught her eye. 
It was a piece of financial news, reporting that Benington Group had just been acquired by Closia’s largest company, Heath Group. 
Seeing this news, Joanna gazes for a few seconds. 
After a brief pause, she continued reading. 
By the time she finished reading the entire news article, there wasn’t much emotional fluctuation inside her. Once the initial surprise had subsided, she thought the subsequent events seemed quite reasonable. 
This style of working was very much in line with Ashton Heath’s way of doing things. 
First, he had acquired Heath Group overnight, then appointed David, the young master of Benington Group, as the Vice President of a subsidiary of Heath Group and sent him to report there. 
The title of Vice President of a Heath subsidiary didn’t sound too bad. 
However, the subsidiary was located in Fronterra. 
Fronterra wasn’t exactly a place where no one wanted to go, but it was largely an undesirable location. 
So even though David was going to be a Vice President, it was obvious that he would have a challenging time there. 
After reading the news, Joanna could guess that everything must have been done by Ashton. 
Just as she was about to ask Ashton about it, her phone suddenly rang. 
On the screen was a string of unfamiliar numbers. 
Joanna picked up the call, only to hear Lady Octavia’s voice coming from the other end. 
Her tone was unprecedently gentle. 
Lady Octavia asked her where she was and told her to return to Heath Villa, as there was an important matter to discuss. At the end of the call, she added that Madam Heath was missing her and wanted her to come home for lunch. 
Once the call ended. 
Joanna thought that it was still daytime and Madam Heath would be there, so there was no need to fear any tricks from Lady Octavia. 
After sending Ashton a message, she changed her clothes and asked someone to take her to Heath Villa. 
* 
Upon arriving at Heath Villa, 
Tedd, the butler, came out to greet her. 
Seeing Tedd, Joanna felt even more at ease.
###Chapter 1292: Chapter 1288: Coming for Jeremy Lawrence
"Ms. Joanna." Tedd greeted her respectfully when he saw her. He glanced into the car and, seeing that she was the only one who came back, couldn’t help but ask, "Did Mr. Ashton not come back with you, Ms. Joanna?" 
"He’s at work; I came back by myself." 
As Joanna walked inside, she asked Tedd, "Is there anything going on at home?" 
Lady Octavia had taken the initiative to call her and invite her to lunch, and her attitude had been unusually friendly. 
This made Joanna feel a little strange. 
"Madam Heath is not at home today, and there’s nothing going on at home. Why did you suddenly think of coming back on your own, Ms. Joanna? Did you come back to see Madam Heath? You should have called in advance to ask; then you wouldn’t have made the trip for nothing." 
Joanna paused. 
She turned to look at Tedd, her eyebrows furrowing: "Grandma is not at home?" 
"Yes," Tedd replied respectfully, "Madam Heath goes to the temple every first and fifteenth of the month and stays there for a day. She just left not long ago." 
Joanna pursed her lips. 
So, Lady Octavia called her just after Madam Heath had left? 
Lady Octavia had specifically chosen a time when Madam Heath was not at home to invite Joanna back, which made her more vigilant. She said to Tedd, "My mom called me to come back for lunch. I thought it was Madam Heath’s idea, but she’s not even at home." 
"Lady Octavia called you?" Tedd pondered for a moment before saying, "Perhaps she has something to tell you. Oh, right, Lady Delilah is also here. You haven’t met Lady Delilah yet, have you?" 
"Lady Delilah?" 
"Yes, the wife of our Sir Damien, which makes her your second aunt." 
Joanna’s expression changed slightly. 
She suddenly had a bad feeling. 
Lady Delilah might have come for Jeremy. 
Lady Octavia had called her because of Lady Delilah. 
Joanna thought for a moment and asked, "Is Uncle Damien here?" 
"Only Lady Delilah came; Sir Damien is not here." Tedd hesitated for a moment and then decided to warn her, "Ms. Joanna, Lady Delilah might have come because of Mr. Jeremy. Lady Delilah is... not someone easy to deal with, and since Mr. Jeremy is the offspring of Sir Damien’s extramarital... Anyway, just try to go along with her and speak nicely." 
Tedd spoke euphemistically, but Joanna understood. 
Jeremy was the illegitimate child of Sir Damien and another woman - an ugly truth. 
For Lady Delilah, this was definitely not something easy to accept. 
Both Madam Heath and Sir Damien were very willing to have Jeremy acknowledge his ancestry. 
After all, for them, one was their own grandson, and the other was their own son - both were related by blood. 
But Jeremy and Lady Delilah had no blood relation. 
"You don’t need to worry too much, Ms. Joanna." Perhaps observing her anxiety, Tedd reassured her gently, "Lady Delilah might have just come to learn more from you about the situation. You and Mr. Jeremy have grown up together and have always had a very good relationship, so you must know him very well." 
"Lady Delilah couldn’t approach Mr. Jeremy directly, so she came to you instead." 
"Besides, no matter how Lady Delilah feels, once Madam Heath has stated her wishes, she wouldn’t dare say anything more."
###Chapter 1293: Chapter 1289: Speaking of this, it makes me furious
Joanna Lawrence, feeling somewhat reassured by Tedd’s words, nodded and said, "Thank you for telling me all this, Tedd." 
Tedd smiled slightly: "You’re welcome, Ms. Joanna." 
* 
Joanna followed Tedd into the hall. 
A maid saw her and went over to Lady Octavia, reminding her, "Madam, Ms. Joanna is back." 
Lady Octavia was holding a cup of coffee, took a sip, and slowly turned her head. 
When she saw Joanna, the smile on her lips faded a bit. 
Joanna thought it ironic to see Lady Octavia like this. 
She was so gentle on the phone earlier, probably because she was afraid her attitude would prevent Joanna from coming back. 
When she was still a few meters away from Lady Octavia, Joanna stopped and called out in an indifferent tone, "Mom." 
Lady Octavia didn’t like her, and she didn’t like Lady Octavia. 
Both of their attitudes were indifferent. 
"You’re back." Lady Octavia glanced at her and turned her head back to the woman sitting across from her, saying, "Gia, this is Jeremy’s sister. If you have any questions, just ask her." 
Joanna’s gaze also turned to the woman sitting across from Lady Octavia. 
Like Lady Octavia, Lady Delilah wore a noble madam’s clothes, and her demeanor was clearly that of a wealthy woman. 
Her skin was extremely well-maintained, as soft and tender as condensed cream, and her face looked quite young, appearing to be just over thirty years old. 
But her actual age was definitely more than thirty. 
She wore a purple silk sheath dress and had short, curled hair. The custom-made dress was a perfect fit, accentuating her attractive figure. 
Her appearance was great as well. 
She and Lady Octavia both had an elegant and distinguished appearance, giving off an air of being destined for a wealthy family. 
However, her slender phoenix eyes appeared somewhat sharp and her nose was not soft enough, giving off an impression of being hard to get along with. 
As Joanna examined Lady Delilah, Lady Delilah also turned her head to look at her. 
The moment Lady Delilah’s gaze fell on Joanna’s face, she seemed to hesitate for a moment before her brows slightly furrowed. 
"So, this is Ashton’s newlywed wife?" Lady Delilah examined Joanna for a while and said with a smile, "She is quite pretty indeed. No wonder Ashton, who has such high standards, chose her. Sister-in-law, now that Ashton has gotten married, you must be relieved, right? From now on, you won’t have to worry about him being alone anymore." 
Lady Octavia looked at Joanna’s exquisite face with disdain in her eyes. 
In a dismissive voice, she said, "What’s the use of being pretty? I don’t really care how pretty my daughter-in-law is. To me, looks are not important. The most important thing is whether or not they are a good match in other aspects." 
"How many emperors in ancient times chose their consorts based solely on their looks?" 
"And don’t talk to me about marriage. It just makes me angry." 
Lady Delilah was taken aback, surprise showing in her eyes. 
She looked at Joanna, who was still standing nearby, and saw that the young girl didn’t seem to have any emotional reaction to Lady Octavia’s words. Her expression was the same as before, her eyes and facial expression remained indifferent. 
It was impossible to tell if she was angry or not. 
Lady Delilah had heard that Lady Octavia didn’t quite like her daughter-in-law. 
But she hadn’t expected their mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship to have reached such a point of discord.
###Chapter 1294: Chapter 1290: The Wishful Calculation is Really Well Played
Lady Octavia would say these words in front of her daughter-in-law. 
"Mom." Joanna ignored Lady Octavia’s sarcasm, withdrew her gaze from Lady Delilah, and asked directly, "You called me back, is there something wrong?" 
Lady Octavia looked at her indifferent attitude as if she didn’t care about anything, and couldn’t help but be even angrier. 
Before, because of Madam Heath’s presence, she dared not go too far. 
And before, Joanna always came back with Ashton Heath. 
Lady Octavia knew her son’s character and how much Ashton protected Joanna, so she couldn’t do too much in front of Ashton. 
But now, neither Madam Heath nor Ashton were around. 
Lady Octavia had no scruples. 
Her face darkened, and she threw the coffee shop’s phone to the ground. 
With a "crack" sound. 
The hot coffee spilled all over the floor, and the white jade-colored porcelain cup shattered. 
Even though Joanna and Lady Octavia were some distance apart, Joanna could still feel the coffee splattering on her leg. 
The several maids standing in the hall, including Tedd who had not left yet, were startled by Lady Octavia’s sudden action. 
Lady Delilah was also stunned for a moment, but her expression quickly returned to normal. 
Joanna looked down at the spilled coffee and the shattered porcelain cup, and after a moment of silence, she slowly raised her head. 
She looked fearlessly at Lady Octavia. 
Lady Octavia’s long-held anger erupted at this moment. 
After smashing the cup, she stared at Joanna with cold eyes and gritted her teeth as she spoke word by word: "You still ask me what’s the matter. Joanna, are you playing dumb with me? I ask you, what’s the deal with Jeremy?" 
Joanna calmly replied, "I don’t know what mom is talking about." 
"Don’t play dumb with me!" Lady Octavia said coldly, "From the moment you first brought Jeremy home, I knew you were planning something. I didn’t expect your ambition to be so great, not only did you schemingly marry my son, but now you also want to arrange your brother into the Heath family." 
"You heard that Uncle Damien has no children, so you wanted your brother to masquerade as a Heath. In this way, if your plan succeeds, both of you will have successfully entered upper-class society, and if Jeremy is recognized as a Heath, it will even secure your position within the Heath family." 
"Joanna, your plotting is really good. However, do you think that just because you’ve fooled Ashton and Madam Heath with their trust in you, you can fool everyone else? Today, you will explain to me clearly how you bribed the doctor to make that paternity test." 
At this time, Lady Delilah also spoke: "Joanna, if you confess honestly, for Ashton’s sake, I will not hold this against you this time." 
"Did you hear that? Gia said, don’t you quickly confess!" 
Joanna guessed that they wanted to discuss Jeremy’s situation with her, but she didn’t expect Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah to doubt Jeremy’s identity. 
They even suspected that she had bribed the Heath family’s doctor and falsified the paternity test. 
She found it both amusing and infuriating, but when she spoke, her voice was still calm: "Mom, Lady Delilah, I think you might have heard some nonsense somewhere, so you have such a misunderstanding about me. The paternity test for Jeremy was arranged by Grandma. I didn’t even know she was going to do the paternity test for him before I brought him home."
###Chapter 1295: Chapter 1291: Don’t Blame Me For Being Rude
"Or do you think, Mom, that the people around Grandma are easily bribed by others?" 
"Mom, you overestimate me. I really don’t have that kind of capability." 
Lady Octavia sneered: "Others may not be capable of such, but I wouldn’t say the same about you." 
"Even a shrewd person like Madam Heath was deceived by you, is there anything you couldn’t do? I advise you to confess now. Your Aunt Delilah just said that, considering Ashton’s feelings, she won’t hold it against you. If you admit it now, there won’t be any impact on you. If we find out later, even Madam Heath and Ashton won’t be able to protect you. Moreover, Madam Heath hates being deceived the most. If she finds out that you’ve been scheming against her, do you think you can still stay in the Heath family?" 
"So, if you’re wise, you should confess everything you’ve done." 
Joanna Lawrence wasn’t a fool. 
No matter if she did what they said or not, as long as she admitted, it wouldn’t end well for her. 
Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah were just trying to induce a confession through threats and incentives. 
Once she confesses, not to mention what would happen with Ashton Heath, she will definitely lose the affection of Madam Heath. 
Besides, why should she admit to things she didn’t do. 
If Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah wanted to pin the blame on her, they needed to see if they could make it stick. 
"Mom, if you have any doubts about the paternity test, you can ask Grandma. The fact that Jeremy is the child of the Heath family is not something I planned, but something the Heath family confirmed themselves." 
"Grandma admitted to the paternity test, as well as Uncle Damien. They are not people who can be easily fooled. If indeed I divvied up some bribe with the doctor who performed the paternity test, don’t you think they would have discovered it?" 
"You think so highly of my intelligence and cunning, why do you think so little of Grandma and Uncle Damien?" 
"And, you all think Jeremy and I are tirelessly scheming to become part of the Heath family, trying to become part of the upper-class society. But, neither Jeremy nor I wanted to come this far. Jeremy especially didn’t know anything. If it weren’t for the Heath family wanting to acknowledge him, he would never have known he’s part of the Heath family in his life." 
Lady Octavia’s face darkened, "Humph," where would she believe Joanna’s words, "Quite the silver tongue you have there. That’s how you tricked my son and Madam Heath. Do you think I am like Ashton and Madam Heath, susceptible to being fooled by you at will?" 
"Joanna Lawrence, let me tell you, if you’re not honest today. Don’t blame me for being rude!" 
"Joanna," as soon as Lady Octavia finished playing bad cop, Lady Delilah stepped in to play good cop. "Just tell us now. It’s just us here, once you say it’s over, neither your sister-in-law nor I will hold you responsible." 
"If this gets to Madam Heath, then no one will be able to protect you." 
"We intentionally asked you to come back when Madam Heath wasn’t here, all for your sake. Regard what’s good for you and don’t reject the kindness your sister-in-law and I are offering." 
"My words are still the same as before." said Joanna Lawrence calmly, "I didn’t do what you alleged. If you ask a hundred times, a thousand times, my answer will still be the same." 
"You..."
###Chapter 1296: Chapter 1292: Framing Her with a Charge
Lady Octavia pointed at her, angrily saying, "You really don’t know what’s good for you. Since that’s the case, don’t blame me for being impolite." 
"You’re not willing to admit it, are you?" Lady Octavia suddenly sneered, "Then I’ll have someone ask Jeremy Lawrence. Those people won’t be as gentle as Gia and me. I heard that Jeremy has a heart issue? Just don’t blame us if he gets scared. You, as his sister, refuse to cooperate, so your brother will have to suffer on your behalf." 
After Lady Octavia spoke, she made a call out, "Go and take Jeremy Lawrence away." 
Joanna Lawrence’s calm expression suddenly changed. 
Her face finally showed a different color. 
"Mom, you can’t do this." 
She looked at Lady Octavia incredulously, "This will scare Jeremy. I’ve told you, I’ve done none of those things you mentioned, Jeremy is even more unaware. You can’t let people take Jeremy." 
Lady Octavia looked at her coldly, "If you’re willing to confess honestly, naturally we won’t need to question Jeremy Lawrence. You won’t admit it, then we’ll interrogate your brother. Joanna Lawrence, I’ll give you one last chance. I’m asking you, did you bribe the doctor to fake a paternity test?" 
At this time, Lady Delilah stepped forward to play the good cop, "Joanna, just admit it. I’ll assume you and your brother are young and ignorant and won’t do anything to you. But if you keep acting against your own interests and our patience runs out, there will be nothing good for you." 
Joanna clenched her lips, glaring furiously at Lady Octavia. 
It turned out that she had guessed wrong. 
Initially, she thought that Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah believed rumors that she had bribed the doctor of the Heath family to forge the test. 
Only now did she realize how na?ve she had been. 
It wasn’t that Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah heard any rumors, they clearly framed her with a crime, and now they’re forcing her to admit it. 
Once she admits it, she’ll become a scheming liar. 
Jeremy will also become a liar. 
By that time, Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah will have achieved their goals. 
Lady Delilah targeted Jeremy. 
Lady Octavia targeted her. 
When she realized this, a surge of anger rose in Joanna’s chest. 
No matter what, she could not admit it. 
If she admitted, she would let Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah succeed. 
Lady Octavia’s face darkened: "I’ll ask you one last time, did you or didn’t you do it?" 
"My Lady." 
Tedd, who had been watching from the side, was worried that this situation would put Joanna at a disadvantage and tried to mediate, "I think Ms. Joanna really hasn’t done those things. Maybe you’ve wrongly believed someone’s slander and misunderstood her." 
"This paternity test is a serious matter, and Madam Heath is always cautious and careful. It’s unlikely that she would be deceived in such a matter." 
"Besides, the doctor is one of Madam Heath’s people. No one can instruct him except Madam. I wouldn’t believe it even if someone said Ms. Joanna had bribed him to forge the test results. Furthermore, if you don’t trust the paternity test results, you can have the doctor do another test when Madam Heath and Sir Damien are present." 
"Tedd, this matter has nothing to do with you." Lady Octavia glared fiercely at Tedd, "As for what actually happened, I have my own judgment." 
Tedd wanted to say more, but Lady Octavia’s eyes warned him not to meddle further.
###Chapter 1297: Chapter 1293: Ashton Heath is Back
Tedd looked worriedly at Joanna Lawrence. 
"Mom, Lady Delilah, what are you doing? Is this some kind of court hearing?" A sudden voice made the faces of several people present change. 
Tedd turned around and saw a slender figure coming in from outside, and couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. 
He stepped forward quickly: "Mr. Ashton." 
Ashton Heath nodded faintly. After entering the grand hall, he walked straight towards Joanna Lawrence. 
When he arrived at Joanna’s side, she looked at him in surprise: "Why did you come?" 
Ashton wrapped his arm around her, but instead of responding, he raised his head, his gaze coldly onto Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah. 
Both Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah were startled. 
None of them had expected Ashton to return at such a time.
"Ashton, why are you back? Aren’t you at work?" Octavia asked, trying to sound nonchalant after a moment’s hesitation, her eyes faltering. 
Ashton sneered, "If I had not returned, I’m afraid my wife, who I’d painstakingly brought home, might have been scared off by you." 
"Ha, hahaha, things have really changed after marriage. Even Ashton can make jokes now." Lady Delilah tried to lighten the mood with her amiable comment, showing a touch of guilt in her eyes. 
"A joke?" Ashton Heath curled his lips, but there was no trace of humor in his eyes. He stared coldly at Lady Delilah, "Lady Delilah, do you think I’m joking?" 
His voice was as cold as frost. 
Every word he uttered sent chills to the bone. 
His gaze was frosty, devoid of warmth. 
Lady Delilah looked up at him and then quickly averted her eyes guiltily. 
She was somewhat afraid of her nephew. 
"Ashton, what are you doing?" Lady Octavia asked softly, a frown on her face. "How could you talk to your Lady Delilah with such an attitude? We were just having a casual chat with Joanna. Nobody was bullying her or scaring her away." 
"Casual chat?" Ashton sneered once more, "Mom, as soon as I walked in, I saw both of you sitting while Joanna was standing as she spoke to you two. Is there a reason she had to stand while chatting with you?" 
The expression on Lady Octavia’s face froze momentarily. 
"Ashton, you’re being unreasonable here. We didn’t ask her to stand, she chose to. We know you care for your wife, but is this the way to show it? You’re making it sound like we deliberately bullied her." 
"Isn’t that the case?" Ashton glanced at the girl in his arms, his gaze growing colder, "While Grandma and I were not at home, you called Joanna back. You know very well what you intended." 
"I neither know nor care what you were up to. But Joanna Lawrence is my wife. Anyone who harms her, regardless of who they are, will have to answer to me." 
As he spoke, his icy gaze lingered on Lady Delilah for a few seconds. 
"Lady Delilah." Ashton tightened his hold on his wife, showing no hint of respect, "You deal with your issues with Uncle Damien yourself and do not involve Joanna. I call you Lady Delilah out of respect for you as an elder. But if my respect for you is met with harm to those I care about, then don’t blame me for being ruthless." 
Lady Delilah’s face turned ugly instantly.
###Chapter 1298: Chapter 1294: I Hope This Is the Last Time
Lady Delilah’s face instantly turned unsightly. 
But she did not dare to utter a word of rebuttal. 
Nowadays, the Heath family is controlled by the two sons of the main branch. 
Ashton Heath manages the Heath Group. 
Brandon Heath holds such a prominent position. 
Even though she is their elder in name, she dare not act with seniority in front of the two sons of the main branch. 
So when Ashton said those things to her, she did not dare to retort. 
"Ashton, you..." Lady Octavia’s face also changed. 
Only then did Ashton turn his eyes towards Lady Octavia. 
The moment their eyes met, Lady Octavia couldn’t help but shudder. 
"Mom, I hope this is the last time. If you really can’t accept Joanna, then we won’t appear in front of you again." 
After saying those words, Ashton lowered his head, and as his indifferent eyes fell on Joanna Lawrence’s beautiful face, the coldness in his eyes quickly faded, and his gaze softened immediately. 
He whispered, "Joanna, let’s go." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence followed Ashton into the car. 
The black Bentley slowly drove out of the Heath family’s manor. 
Joanna stared at the handsome and noble man beside her, still a bit dazed, "Ashton, why did you come?" 
Ashton looked down at her, gently touched her head, and said softly, "I got your Twitter message and was worried, so I came." 
He paused for a moment, thinking of what Lady Octavia and Lady Delilah had done, frowned, and continued, "It’s good that I came. Otherwise, my baby would have been bullied. If something like this happens again, don’t go alone foolishly." 
"Why didn’t you ask me to accompany you?" 
The concern in his words made Joanna Lawrence feel a subtle sweetness in her heart. 
She held his arm and leaned gently on his shoulder, "You have to work. Besides, I didn’t think it was that dangerous, and I could handle it on my own. I’m fine now; you don’t need to worry." 
Hearing her speak so breezily, Ashton frowned again. 
He said seriously, "You’re okay now because I came back. If I didn’t come back, who knows what would have happened? Joanna, you don’t understand Lady Delilah; do you know why Jeremy was sent to the orphanage?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s curiosity was instantly piqued, "Why?" 
She had always been curious about the matter. 
Ashton looked at her and said word by word, "It was Lady Delilah who arranged it." 
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes widened in shock. 
"I had someone look into the matter over the past couple of days, and the truth is far more terrifying than what you’ve heard just now. Jeremy was lucky to escape with his life. Lady Delilah wanted him gone for good, but the person assigned to the task couldn’t bear it and sent Jeremy to the orphanage instead." 
"That is how Jeremy’s life was spared." 
"What?!" Joanna Lawrence was utterly shocked, and her face turned pale in an instant, "Is what you’re saying true?" 
"Yes." 
Ashton originally didn’t want to tell her all this to save her from worry. 
But now he thinks it’s better to let her know. 
That way, she will be more alert. 
"Joanna, in families like ours, there are many such incidents. Our Heath family is considered good; both Grandma and Grandpa strictly forbid infighting among family members. That’s why Lady Delilah’s actions were so secretive that it wasn’t detected at the
###Chapter 1299: Chapter 1295: I Will Protect Him Well
"On top of that, Uncle Damien felt guilty about this matter, and after Lady Delilah made a fuss a few times, he didn’t continue investigating further." 
"I’m telling you all this to make you understand that even my family might not be completely safe for you." 
"In the future, never go see them alone again. If there’s anything going on, just tell me, and I’ll accompany you." 
It took Joanna quite a while to recover from the shock. 
Back then, the person who had taken Jeremy away was Lady Delilah. 
And Lady Delilah even planned to get rid of him. 
"Were you scared?" Ashton reached out and pulled the girl beside him into his arms, gently patting her back, softly saying, "Don’t be afraid, Jeremy is very lucky and has a strong life. Since he escaped the danger back then, nothing will happen to him in the future." 
"Besides, he’s my family now too, and I’ll protect him." 
"Jeremy..." 
Joanna suddenly looked up, grabbing the collar of Ashton’s shirt, her eyes filled with urgency: "Ashton, Mom just said she wants someone to take Jeremy away. We need to hurry and find him." 
Lady Delilah wanted Jeremy dead back then. 
Now, knowing that he’s still alive in this world, she certainly won’t let it go. 
If they let her people take Jeremy away... 
Joanna’s face instantly turned pale, all color drained from her cheeks. 
"Ashton, you have to save Jeremy. If anything happens to him, I, I..." Tears uncontrollably flowed down, her eyes filled with panic and fear, gripping Ashton’s arm tightly, and she was unable to speak due to her crying. 
She couldn’t lose Jeremy. 
She absolutely couldn’t lose Jeremy. 
If anything were to happen to Jeremy... 
Joanna couldn’t even bear to think about it. She was so scared that her whole body trembled, tears wetting her cheeks. 
"Jeremy will be fine," Ashton, seeing her cry like that, held her tighter in his arms, wiping away her tears, "Since I’ve found out about all these things Lady Delilah has done, do you really think I wouldn’t worry about Jeremy’s safety? I’ve already arranged for someone to protect him in secret. Don’t worry, no one will be able to take him away." 
"Alright, don’t cry anymore. Look, you’ve cried like a little kitten." 
"If you’re still worried about Jeremy, let’s go find him now." 
Joanna’s sobbing stopped. 
She looked up, her black eyes covered with a layer of mist, her eyes red from crying: "You, you’ve arranged for someone to secretly protect Jeremy?" 
"Mhm." Ashton lovingly wiped her tears away, "Of course, I know how important Jeremy is to you. I wouldn’t ignore someone you care about so much. Besides, Jeremy is my cousin. No matter what, I should protect him well." 
"Don’t cry anymore, okay?" 
The girl had cried until her eyes were red, her nose was red, and her face was wet. 
Ashton felt heartbroken. 
"Mhm!" Only after knowing that Ashton had secretly arranged for someone to protect Jeremy did Joanna’s tears stop. 
The frightened heart slowly relaxed. 
She was truly afraid that something unfortunate would happen to Jeremy. 
Terrified beyond words. 
Although Jeremy wasn’t related to her by blood, over the years, the two of them had relied on each other for life, and the positions they held in each other’s hearts had long surpassed that of blood relations. 
To her, Jeremy was her own brother.
###Chapter 1300: Chapter 1296: Did anyone come to school to look for you today?
For a lifetime. 
No matter what happens, this fact won’t change. 
So if anything happened to Jeremy, she couldn’t accept it. 
"But..." Joanna thought of something and couldn’t help but worry again. 
"Hmm? What else are you worried about?" Ashton wiped her tear-stained face clean, then took out a handkerchief and gently wiped it over her face. 
Joanna blinked, her eyes still filled with mist, "Lady Delilah has wanted Jeremy dead since the past. Now that she knows Jeremy is alive, she won’t let it go, right? Even if she doesn’t succeed this time, there’s no guarantee that she won’t try to harm Jeremy again in the future." 
Joanna didn’t want to call Lady Delilah "aunt" at all. 
In her eyes, Lady Delilah was an extremely vicious and venomous woman who almost killed Jeremy! 
Although she was very unhappy with Sir Damien’s illegitimate child, Jeremy was just a baby at that time. 
The child is innocent! 
Yet she was able to poison a baby, which shows how vicious her heart is. 
Since she could poison Jeremy when he was a baby without any compassion, how could she be kind now? 
Joanna was really worried about Jeremy’s situation. 
"No matter what she thinks, she won’t succeed." Ashton didn’t want her to worry anymore and assured her, "Joanna, trust me, I’ll have someone protect Jeremy. If you really aren’t reassured, it would be safer for Jeremy to acknowledge his ancestry." 
"Let Jeremy acknowledge his ancestry?" Joanna was stunned. 
"Yes." Ashton explained seriously, "Lady Delilah’s biggest concern right now is Jeremy acknowledging his ancestry. She and Uncle Damien have no children, so they nurtured their nephew to work in Damien’s company. If Jeremy returns to the Heath family, Damien’s company will inevitably be taken over by Jeremy." 
"This poses a threat to both her and her nephew." 
"So she definitely doesn’t want Jeremy to acknowledge his ancestry. But if Jeremy returns to the Heath family and officially becomes a member, she might reconsider. Our family doesn’t tolerate infighting, and whoever is found involved will be severely punished." 
"But this is just my suggestion, whether or not Jeremy wants to return to the Heath family depends on his own wishes." 
Joanna was silent for a while and nodded, "I’ll tell Jeremy your suggestion, and let him decide for himself." 
* 
Despite Ashton’s assurances of arranging protection for Jeremy, Joanna was still uneasy. 
Ashton accompanied her to Jeremy’s school. 
When the siblings met, Ashton found an excuse to leave, giving them privacy. 
Joanna held Jeremy’s hand and carefully looked him up and down before she finally relaxed. 
Jeremy looked at her expression and asked with a puzzled face, "Sister, what happened? Isn’t Ashton at work? How come you guys... " 
"Jeremy, did anyone come to school looking for you today?" Joanna interrupted him, asking with a serious expression. 
"No." Jeremy looked at her serious expression and felt that something must have happened, and it was related to him. 
It must not be a good thing. 
Otherwise, his sister and brother-in-law wouldn’t have come to school at this time. 
He hesitated for a moment, and his expression became somewhat serious, "Sister, what exactly happened?"
###Chapter 1301: Chapter 1297: Do you want to know what happened that year?
"Jeremy, there were some things that Ashton and I didn’t want to tell you because we were afraid you would be heartbroken. But now, Joanna just wants you to be safe and sound; nothing else matters. So even if what I’m about to tell you will make you sad, I still need you to know the truth." 
Jeremy: "Joanna, what do you want to tell me?" 
Joanna looked at the thin and handsome young man in front of her, seeing his pale and sickly face, her eyes filled with heartache. 
Why did her Jeremy have to suffer so much? 
She would rather the Heath family had never found Jeremy. 
She’d rather Jeremy remained an ordinary person forever. 
She never desired a life of wealth and luxury; to her, their safety and health mattered more than anything else. 
Ordinary people have their own happiness too. 
No matter how wealthy and powerful the Heath family is, if they bring danger to her Jeremy, they’re not a good place to be. 
"Jeremy, do you want to know what happened back then?" Joanna took a deep breath, gently holding his hand and asked, "About your parents and why you were sent to the orphanage. If you want to know, I’ll tell you." 
Jeremy was stunned for a few seconds. 
Did he want to know? 
Of course, he did. 
Ever since he learned about his biological parents, he had been wondering what happened back then. 
No one wouldn’t want to know their true origin. 
After a moment of silence, he nodded. 
"Alright, I’ll tell you." Joanna organized her thoughts and began, "Years ago, your mother was diagnosed with late-stage cancer during a check-up. The doctor said that with proper treatment, she could live for one more year at most." 
Jeremy looked up, his eyes filled with shock. 
Ashton had told Joanna these things too. 
At the time, she also found it very poignant. 
"Your mother was born into a scholarly family, so she always led a disciplined life. When she learned she had cancer and would leave this world soon, she decided to indulge herself for once before leaving." 
"She traveled abroad and met your father at a hotel. At that time, your father was still single." 
"Your mother was said to be very beautiful, and your father was almost love at first sight for her. You probably know what happened next; they got together and spent a wonderful time together abroad." 
"Your father wanted to take her back to his family to get to know them, but your mother chose to leave without saying goodbye." 
"She disappeared completely, and your father couldn’t find her even with many connections. Eventually, the Heath family arranged a marriage for your father with a family of matching status. Your father gave up trying to find your mother and accepted this marriage." 
"Not long after his marriage, your father finally found your mother’s whereabouts. When he went to her, you had just been born, and she was lying on the bed, barely alive. Your father... saw her one last time and then took you back to the Heath family." 
When Joanna said this, she looked up and found Jeremy’s eyes red. 
The young man clenched his fists, his eyes bloodshot. 
He tried to hold back his tears, but his eyes were already wet. 
Joanna held his hand tightly: "Your father loved you very much. He brought you back after causing this incident outside, which was against the rules of the Heath family. Those who violated the rules had to accept punishment."
###Chapter 1302: Chapter 1298: I’ve thought it through, and I’m returning to the Heath family.
"At that time, the next heir of Heath Group had not been decided yet, and your father had done something disgraceful, which would have caused him to be disqualified as an heir. In order to allow you to be included in the Heath family lineage, he didn’t hesitate to give up competing for the position of heir." 
"So, Jeremy, your father... actually loved you very much. It was just that his wife couldn’t accept you, so that’s why you were later sent to the orphanage." 
"If you want to return to the Heath family now, I’m afraid his wife will not be happy about it. Jeremy, she had hidden it from your father years ago and had you taken away, even trying to harm you, so I’m afraid she will do the same now, trying to get someone to deal with you." 
Jeremy Lawrence stayed silent for a moment, his eyes reddening. He slowly raised his head, pursed his lips and spoke in a surprisingly calm voice, "Joanna, that means I need to become stronger now in order to protect myself, right?" 
"Jeremy, Ashton said that once you return to the Heath family, she will be somewhat restrained." 
Jeremy Lawrence pursed his lips and stayed silent for a few more seconds before nodding, "Joanna, I understand what you mean." 
"Joanna," A few seconds later, Jeremy Lawrence raised his head, and there was more determination in his eyes, "I’ve thought it through, I’ll return to the Heath family." 
Joanna Lawrence hesitated at this moment. 
"Are you sure you’ve thought it through? Jeremy, don’t force yourself..." 
"Not forcing." Jeremy Lawrence slowly curved up the corners of his lips, but there was no smile in his eyes. His clear, young voice carried a hint of coldness, "Joanna, in fact, I’ve already thought it through. Only by making myself stronger and stronger, can I protect myself and protect you." 
"I need an identity that allows me to become stronger. In this way, you will have an extra person from your own family to back you up. Joanna, do you know that when I saw you being wronged by Lady Octavia earlier, I was really angry." 
"But what could I do for you at that time?" 
"Lady Octavia wouldn’t even take me seriously." 
"At that moment, I was determined to work hard to become stronger. Someday, I want to make everyone stop looking down on the two of us." 
"Jeremy." Joanna Lawrence’s eyes moistened, moved to the point of tears. 
She never expected that Jeremy was willing to return to the Heath family for her sake.
He said he wanted to protect her... 
Even if they were not biological siblings, what does that matter? 
The bond between them had already surpassed that of many real siblings. 
Joanna Lawrence’s heart was filled with warmth and emotion. Unable to hold back, she buried her head in Jeremy’s arms and cried, "Jeremy, I don’t need you to protect me. All I want is for you to be well." 
"If you don’t want to return to the Heath family, then don’t. Don’t force yourself because of me." 
"Joanna, I don’t feel it’s forced." Jeremy Lawrence only hesitated for a moment before hugging Joanna, gently stroking her head like comforting a child, "I’ve seriously thought about it for a long time. This is my own decision, and no one can force me." 
"Just now you said that my father loves me, right? I’m not going back to be mistreated, so you don’t have to worry about me." 
"Joanna, I want to meet him alone." 
* 
After meeting Jeremy Lawrence, Joanna Lawrence told Ashton Heath of his decision. 
Upon hearing this, Ashton Heath didn’t show much surprise. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at him, "Did you know that Jeremy would choose to return to the Heath family from the very beginning?" 
Ashton Heath smirked, "Jeremy is a smart kid; he just made the choice he should have made.
###Chapter 1303: Chapter 1299: This childish ghost, Ashton Heath!
"I will relay his request to Uncle Damien, and have Uncle Damien arrange a meeting. Actually, Uncle Damien has also considered meeting with him. On this matter, father and son seem to share the same thought." 
"Ashton Heath, can I please ask you for a favor?" 
"Baby, why all the formalities?" Ashton frowned, seemingly begrudged, "Do you have to beg so much from me?" 
"Alright then." Joanna smiled, looking up at him, "Will you do something for me, please?" 
The man seemed a bit satisfied, nodding, "Tell me." 
"Can you arrange for more people to protect Jeremy? I’m still uneasy. I fear Lady Delilah might take action in these few days." 
Ashton comforted her, "Don’t worry, I’ve already made arrangements. These are people who have been by my side for many years, they can certainly protect Jeremy." 
Upon hearing his words, Joanna finally felt relieved. 
She trusted Ashton. 
If he said it was no problem, then it was certainly no problem. 
"By the way, I have to go home later to pack up for my trip to Frankfurt." Joanna recalled the message Gary White had sent her on Twitter, informing her that filming was resuming the next day, and told Ashton about it. 
The man’s brows furrowed, seemingly displeased, "So soon?" 
Joanna: "... It’s not that soon, we’ve already had so many days off. Actually, I look forward to resuming filming. Do you know who Mr. White has chosen as the new Male Lead 1? It’s Kelvin Norman, he’s amazing. He’s already won three Best Actor Awards in just seven years since his debut." 
"And he’s even a seasoned actor with traffic manager abilities. His acting is great and he’s handsome. I’m a big fan." 
"My dream was to work on a TV series with him, I didn’t expect..." 
Joanna was speaking when she suddenly felt the temperature drop significantly in the car. 
She turned her head too late. 
Next to her, the man’s handsome face was tinged with displeasure. His eyes narrowed as he asked her in a dangerous tone, "Kelvin Norman? You really like this actor? Your past dream was to act in a series with him?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She knew too well what Ashton looked like when he was jealous. 
"I just admire him, that’s all." She had hardly finished speaking before she saw the man’s furrowed brows, so she added immediately, "I admire his acting skills. I only appreciate him from a professional perspective." 
Joanna felt a headache coming on. 
He had a problem with every male co-star she worked with. 
Why was this man so petty? Didn’t he still have all those female secretaries around him? She didn’t mind, did she? 
Because she knew he couldn’t possibly have feelings for those secretaries. 
Why couldn’t he have a little more confidence in himself and trust her a bit more? 
"Mmm, just professionally admiring," Ashton muttered through clenched teeth. His body didn’t lose its chill, and his voice was tinged with sarcasm, "You just said he was very handsome. Baby, how handsome is he, hm?" 
With a long finger, the man lifted her chin slightly up to face him, staring at her, "Tell me, is he more handsome, or am I?" 
Joanna: "..." 
What a childish man Ashton was! 
"Hmm?" Ashton’s handsome face moved closer, magnified several times in her view. Up close, his eyes were even more deep and captivating, "Baby, answer me. Who’s more handsome, him or your husband?"
"Ashton, you..." 
"Say ’husband.’" He insisted, pinching her chin tighter. 
Joanna: "..."
###Chapter 1304: Chapter 1300: Even if it’s unreasonable, I still like it.
She couldn’t help but laugh and cry at the same time. 
When this man acted childish, he really was no different from a little kid. 
She decided to treat him like a child, and after secretly sighing in her heart, she reached out and held his stunningly beautiful face, holding back her laughter as she said, "Husband, in my heart, you are the most handsome. No one can compare to you." 
"Kelvin Norman is just an idol. You are my husband, so your positions in my heart are different." 
"So, there’s no need for you to be jealous of Kelvin. He can never be better than you." 
These words seemed to have an effect. 
Joanna saw a smile appear in the depths of the man’s profound eyes, and the layer of cold air that had enveloped him began to disappear. 
"In your heart, I’m the most handsome?" Ashton Heath raised an eyebrow, a smile appearing at the corners of his lips. 
"Mm, you’re the most handsome!" Joanna nodded vigorously. "No one can compare to you." 
He should be satisfied with this answer, right? 
"Am I more handsome than Kelvin Norman?" 
"Mm!" 
"What about Maddox Allenson?" 
Joanna: "..." 
He actually still remembered Maddox, clearly a childish and petty spirit! 
"Neither of them are as handsome as you. Didn’t I say that you are the most handsome in my heart?" 
"But you just said that Kelvin is your idol." The man still minded this. "You never told me about this before." 
Women are easily infatuated with the s of their admiration. 
He wasn’t sure what Kelvin looked like, or what kind of person he was, but later he would have someone look into it. 
"You never asked me." Joanna blinked, her expression very innocent. "Ashton, you can’t still be bothered by this, right? Kelvin is really just my idol. I just appreciate his acting skills, there’s nothing more to it." 
"Don’t be so petty." 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips and didn’t speak. 
Joanna’s eyes flashed, and after some thought, she raised her head, lightly pecked him on the lips, and spoke softly with a coquettish tone, "This should be enough, right? Husband, work inevitably involves interacting with the opposite sex. You can’t just be jealous without reason, can you?" 
"You interact with women at work too, and I’ve never said anything, have I?" 
"I hope you do mind." Ashton Heath closed his lips again and looked at the girl’s exquisite face, which seemed almost unreal, and suddenly felt a little suffocated in his heart. "Joanna, I hope you get jealous, I hope you mind, I hope you can make a fuss about it with me." 
"Even if it’s unreasonable, I still like it." 
His little wife was too rational and had never been jealous of him with anyone else. 
He had thought that she would mind Rebecca Kelloway, but she didn’t. 
No man would like a woman who constantly made unreasonable demands. 
However, being rational to the point of not being jealous at all made him doubt the reality of their relationship. 
He wondered if the reason she was so reasonable and quiet was that she didn’t care much about him. 
And so, she didn’t care if other women appeared around him. 
In this relationship, he had devoted himself wholeheartedly. 
But he didn’t know what kind of position he held in Joanna’s heart. 
Joanna was stunned, staring at him blankly. 
"If you get jealous and make a fuss with me, at least I’ll feel like you care about me. If you don’t make a fuss at all, I’ll think that maybe I don’t mean much to you, so it’s not worth your fussing over."
###Chapter 1305: Chapter 1301: During that time, she saw many things clearly.
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes showed a trace of surprise. 
This was the first time Ashton Heath had said such things to her. 
She never knew that he felt this way inside. 
She had always thought that because of the disparity in their status and positions, she was the one who felt more insecure in their relationship. 
After a moment of surprise, she hurriedly explained: "No, it’s not like that, Ashton. It’s because I trust you. I don’t want you to think I’m a woman who likes to make unreasonable scenes." 
He had been so good that even if other women appeared around him, she wouldn’t let her imagination run wild.
She believed he would never do anything to hurt her. 
She didn’t expect her trust would make him feel that she didn’t care enough about him. 
"Sometimes, I really wish you wouldn’t trust me so much," sighed Ashton. 
Joanna really wanted to say that it was not that she didn’t get jealous. 
But there was simply no reason for her to get jealous around him. 
He kept his distance from other women. He had known Rebecca Kelloway for over twenty years, and she never saw him treat Rebecca in any special way. 
His attitude towards her was still aloof. 
Because of this, she felt very reassured. 
"You’re going to Frankfurt this afternoon?" Ashton knew that some things couldn’t be rushed, so he didn’t continue the topic. 
Joanna nodded: "Yes, I have to report to the film crew early tomorrow morning, so I need to go there and prepare today." 
Ashton glanced at his watch: "Let’s have lunch together. After that, I’ll help you pack and then take you to the airport." 
"Aren’t you going to work?" Joanna knew he was busy with work and didn’t want to hold him up. 
"Well, I won’t go today. After I take you to the airport, I’ll go to the company," said Ashton, as he made a phone call. 
Joanna listened as he said: "I won’t be at the company this afternoon. Handle things for me if it’s not too important. If there are any documents that need my personal attention, send them to my email. Also, let the Vice President preside over this afternoon’s meeting, and send me the summary report afterward." 
"Cancel my lunch appointment. Tell President Newman I’m not feeling well today, and we’ll reschedule." 
"Leave the evening appointment open for now, I’ll notify you later." 
A few minutes later, Ashton hung up the phone. 
Joanna guessed that he had been talking to Cody Aberton. 
"Can you really afford to not go to the office? Actually, you don’t have to take me, the driver can take me..." 
Before Joanna could finish, she was interrupted: "As long as I’m here, there’s no way I’m letting someone else take you. Besides, you’re about to go to another city, can’t I spend a little more time with my wife?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She had been worried earlier that her going to another city for the shoot would strain their relationship due to the distance and time apart. 
Now, she had no such concerns at all. 
When she was in Frankfurt before, Ashton had practically made daily trips there. 
The so-called long-distance separation affecting their relationship simply didn’t exist for them. 
Instead, that period made her see many things more clearly. 
She realized how important she was to Ashton and how much he cared for her. 
It was also during that time that her feelings for him grew much stronger. 
Joanna met Ashton’s gaze, filled with affectionate indulgence, and said nothing more. 
In fact, she also wanted to spend more time with Ashton. 
She just didn’t want to affect his work.
###Chapter 1306: Chapter 1302: As a woman, I feel ashamed
Since he didn’t care, what was there for her to care about? 
"It’s getting late, think about what you want to eat for lunch." Ashton Heath reached out and touched her head, "And think about if there’s anything you need to buy, we’ll go shopping after lunch." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence wanted to eat fondue, but considering Ashton Heath couldn’t eat spicy food, they finally chose a restaurant with a lighter taste in its cuisine. 
After the meal, she didn’t have anything to buy, so the two went straight back. 
The servants were a bit surprised to see Ashton Heath. 
After all, he seldom comes home during working hours. 
Later, a maid found out that Joanna was flying to Frankfurt in the afternoon, and Ashton was accompanying her home to pack her luggage and send her off. She told other maids enviously. 
Then all the maids became envious. 
"Mr. Ashton is so good to Ms. Joanna." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton is very busy at work. Before he was with Ms. Joanna, he often worked overtime at the company. Now that they’re married, it seems that his work is no longer the center of his life." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton used to be a workaholic, and he hardly ever came home. And don’t you think that since being with Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton’s temper has improved a lot? No, I should say he’s become much more personable. He’s not as cold as before. I must say, Mr. Ashton is so good-looking, but I used to be a little scared of him." 
"People said that Mr. Ashton and Ms. Kelloway were the perfect match, but I think Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna are also a great match. At first, I thought Ms. Joanna’s background wasn’t good enough to match Mr. Ashton, but now I’ve changed my mind. I think happiness doesn’t necessarily come from a marriage that matches in social and economic status. Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna like this are also very good." 
"So does that mean there’s hope for us to marry into a wealthy family too?" 
"Pfft, dream on. Ms. Joanna’s background may not be good enough, but do any of you have her looks? Without such looks, don’t even fantasize about having such a good life. Born looking like Ms. Joanna, it’s destined to marry into a wealthy family; the background is not that important anymore." 
The maids were engaged in a heated discussion. 
Upstairs, Ashton Heath took out Joanna’s suitcase and opened the wardrobe to help her pack. 
Although the man had been pampered since childhood, his living skills were better than those of many ordinary people. 
He packed the suitcase more professionally and carefully than Joanna, folding her clothes neatly. 
When Joanna packed her suitcase in the past, she would just stuff her clothes in it haphazardly. 
Now looking at how Ashton Heath packed for her, she, as a woman, felt somewhat ashamed. 
She tried to help, but Ashton Heath pushed her aside. 
"I’ll take care of the packing. Just go and get the skincare products you usually use, and I’ll pack them for you." 
"Oh, okay then." 
Joanna Lawrence obediently went to the bathroom and packed up some of her usual skincare products and makeup. 
By the time she took these things to Ashton, he had already put away her clothes neatly. 
Even her underwear was neatly folded in a corner of the suitcase. 
He took the skincare products from Joanna and neatly packed everything after a few minutes. 
Joanna couldn’t help but exclaim: "Ashton Heath, I feel like after marrying you, my life skills seem to be deteriorating more and more."
###Chapter 1307: Chapter 1303: Ashton Heath, Do You Mind?
She began to worry about the excessive pampering she has been receiving from him for a long time. She wondered whether she will become incapable of doing anything in the future. 
Whenever this man was with her, she didn’t need to do a thing. 
Because he would handle everything for her. 
"After marrying me, your job is to enjoy life. There is no need for you to learn any life skills." Having packed her luggage, Ashton Heath stood up and walked slowly over to her, looking down at her, "Baby, I’m really not comfortable with letting you go on your own." 
"I’ve hired a new assistant for you, someone who can take care of your daily life and protect you when necessary."
"A new assistant?" Joanna Lawrence was puzzled, "Nina is doing well, why are we replacing her?" 
"We’re not replacing her." Ashton Heath stroked her head, "I’m just adding another assistant for you. After all, she is just a girl, not very useful in a critical moment. I’m not at ease. The new assistant I’ve found for you knows some self-defense. This way, I can be a bit more reassured." 
It seemed like he was still affected by the acid attack incident. 
He feared that she would encounter similar situations. 
Joanna, wanting to ease his worries, did not refuse his kind gesture. 
"Is the new assistant male or female?" She curiously asked. 
"Male." When Ashton Heath answered, his face did not express any displeasure. Joanna found this rather strange. 
After all, the man beside her could easily get jealous. 
It was unexpected to her that he didn’t mind having a male assistant with her all day long. 
Wasn’t that weird? 
It was not consistent with his usual style. 
Joanna couldn’t help but ask, "Ashton Heath, you don’t mind?" 
"Hm." 
"...Why?" 
"I don’t have anything to worry about if I place a gay man by your side." 
Joanna: "..." 
She knew it! 
She twitched the corner of her mouth, unable to resist asking another question, "You didn’t specifically pick a gay man, did you?" 
Ashton Heath looked at her calmly, nodded and admitted, "Hm. Baby, when do you think I would be generous enough to allow a straight man to be near my wife and not worry about her being coveted?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Great, this was entirely consistent with his usual style. 
Purposefully picking a gay male assistant for her. 
Although Joanna found it speechless, she also thought it was a good thing from another perspective. 
At least, it would prevent her jealous husband from getting overly suspicious. 
* 
After packing, Ashton Heath took Joanna to the airport. 
Before leaving, they had quite an emotional farewell. 
Ashton Heath repeatedly expounded his concerns until the plane Joanna was on took off, only then did he leave the airport. 
After he got in the car, he phoned Cody Aberton. 
The call was answered immediately. "President Ashton." 
Ashton squinted slightly, "Find out which brokerage company Annie Lawrence has signed with. Warn everyone, whoever dares to sign her is making an enemy of Heath Group. Whoever dares to use her will also be going against Heath Group." 
"Whoever is not afraid of offending Heath Group can feel free to ignore my words." 
"Yes, President Ashton, I understand your meaning. What about the Kelloway family?" 
"Is the stock price of Kelloway still falling?" 
"It has stopped falling for now. However, the amount it fell yesterday is enough to eat into their profits. I did some investigation, internal issues already started in the Kelloway company three years ago due to mismanagement, leading to a break in the financial chain. Since then, the financial gap has only grown, and they have never been able to make up for it."
###Chapter 1308: Chapter 1304: David Benington, what are you doing?
"By now, the losses incurred are very hard to recover from." 
Ashton Heath gently stroked the black hairband on his wrist: "So you’re saying, yesterday’s stock price drop inflicted heavy damage on Kelloway Group?" 
"Yes, it’s absolutely a crushing blow to Kelloway Group. With its current condition, it can barely hold on for another month. It’s only thanks to the stock price not continuing to drop today, otherwise, it wouldn’t last even a month." 
Once, Kelloway Group was a powerful company that could stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Heath Group. 
But over the years, Heath Group only grew stronger, firmly securing its place as the industry leader. 
Meanwhile, Kelloway Group gradually declined, its performance getting worse and worse. 
Now, Kelloway Group could no longer compare to Heath Group. 
Even many newly established medium-sized enterprises have surpassed Kelloway Group in strength. 
Today’s Kelloway Group is just a shell of its former self, a fa?ade that sounds good on paper. 
Outsiders don’t even know the extent of the rot inside Kelloway Group. 
"By the way, President Ashton," Cody Aberton paused for a moment and then continued after a few seconds, "Someone from Kelloway Group just came over, saying they wanted to have a discussion with you. I directly rejected them." 
Ashton Heath couldn’t help but scoff: "Who did they send?" 
"It was the special assistant to Mr. Kelloway." 
"Kelloway Group wants to talk business with me and sent an assistant?" Ashton Heath laughed again, but there was no trace of amusement in his eyes. 
"I knew that President Ashton wouldn’t want to meet, so I rejected them outright." 
"Mm, good rejection." 
"So, President Ashton, if someone from Kelloway Group comes again..." 
"As long as it’s not Princeton Kelloway himself, there’s no need to meet." 
"Understood, President Ashton. So, if Mr. Kelloway comes..." 
"Let him wait. Let him wait a few hours before notifying me." 
"Yes." 
* 
After Joanna Lawrence arrived in Frankfurt, Ashton Heath’s people picked her up and brought her back to her previous apartment. 
Among those who came to pick her up was the new assistant that Ashton Heath had found for her. 
It has to be said that Ashton Heath certainly put effort into choosing this assistant. 
Not only was the new assistant gay, but he was also an average-looking and average-sized gay - the type who would never stand out in a crowd. 
His only advantage, perhaps, was being tall and sturdy. 
He certainly looked like he could provide a strong sense of security. 
"Ms. Joanna, this is my phone number. You can call me if you need anything. I live just downstairs, and my phone is on 24 hours a day." The assistant was named Andy, a 25-year-old young man. 
Joanna nodded. After Andy helped her carry her luggage into her room, he left. 
After organizing her luggage for some time and taking a nap, she was about to go downstairs to eat when she heard someone knock at the door. 
Assuming it was her friend Nina, she opened the door without checking who was outside. 
The moment she saw the person outside, her expression changed, and she tried to close the door again. 
However, the person outside was faster; he held the door open, preventing her from shutting it. 
"David Benington, what do you want?" Joanna glared at the man outside the door, her hand gripping her phone tightly, prepared to call Andy if something was wrong. 
The person standing at the door was David Benington. 
He had a dark expression on his face, his eyebrows heavy with malice, and his gaze on Joanna was far from friendly. 
The David Benington she had seen before had always been a fine, elegant, noble young master.
###Chapter 1309: Chapter 1035: What do I have to be afraid of?
His suit pants were wrinkled as well. 
It had been less than half a month since she last saw him. 
But he looked at least five years older. 
If Joanna Lawrence hadn’t known him for many years, she probably wouldn’t have recognized David Benington. 
After all, the David she previously knew had always been gentle and refined like jade. 
"Joanna, do you really not want to see me that much?" Seeing her attempt to close the door, David’s face darkened, his eyes cold and gloomy. 
With an evil expression between his eyebrows, he asked, "Am I a plague to you?" 
Joanna noticed David’s mood and stared at him warily. "How did you know I’m here? What are you doing here?" 
"What am I doing here?" David stared at her for a moment, his eyes filled with deep shadows, and then suddenly laughed. "Joanna, if I say I missed you, that I very much miss you, and I just wanted to see you, would you believe me?" 
David’s gaze lingered greedily on her delicate and ethereal face, his heart itching uncontrollably. 
Joanna was the first woman to ever make his heart race. 
And she was also his first girlfriend. 
He still remembered the first time he saw her; she was only eight or nine years old. 
Though already beautiful and charming at that age. 
At the time, he thought she was much prettier than the other girls around him. 
When comparing the most beautiful girl in their class to her, the gap was as clear as the difference between an ordinary beauty and a fairy. 
Back then, he secretly wished to marry her once he grew up. 
As time went on, she grew up slowly but surely. 
And her beauty became more and more stunning, more and more bewitching. 
Naturally, more and more people began to like her. 
Among those who liked her was also him. 
Later, he was lucky enough to become her boyfriend. At first, he really cherished her. 
Of course, when a man loves a woman, he wants to possess her. 
He tried to do so, but she rejected him every time. 
Although he understood and appreciated her self-esteem and self-love, the constant rejections inevitably dampened his spirits. 
So when Annie Lawrence threw herself at him, he couldn’t refuse. 
Later, Joanna discovered his relationship with Annie, and they broke up. 
For David, the biggest regret was that he never once possessed her. 
Even if it were only once, he would be satisfied. 
Although she might not be pure anymore, he still wanted her. 
As David thought of this, his eyes narrowed, and his gaze on Joanna changed gradually. 
Upon hearing his shameless words, Joanna’s face darkened immediately, and she scolded him angrily. "David, have you forgotten the lesson you learned before? Don’t you dare speak these shameless words, or I’ll make you regret it." 
"I don’t care what you are here for, but you have to leave now. Otherwise..." 
"Otherwise, what?" David scoffed, seeming not to take her words seriously. Instead of leaving, he took a step closer. 
His eyes never left her, staring at Joanna with a mix of greed and reluctance. "Joanna, do you think I still care about all this? I’ve lost everything; there’s nothing left for me to fear."
###Chapter 1310: Chapter 1036: Intense Hatred
"Do you never want to see me for the rest of your life? That’s why you let that man take me to Fronterra? Joanna Lawrence, I never thought you would be so ruthless. The Benington family treated you well, right? Is this how you repay kindness with enmity?" 
"Now our parents are hospitalized because of the acquisition, and Dad is still in a coma. You’ve made the Benington family suffer, are you satisfied now? I wronged you, but Dad and Mom didn’t offend you, right? If you want revenge, just take it out on me alone. Why did you have to be so cruel to the Benington family?" 
Hearing about Mr. and Mrs. Benington being hospitalized, Joanna Lawrence’s face changed slightly: "Mr. Benington and Mrs. Benington are hospitalized?" 
"Pretending, keep pretending." David Benington sneered, "Don’t tell me you don’t know. This is your masterpiece." 
He strode to her side and reached out to grab Joanna’s hand: "My parents treated you well before, right? They treated you like their own daughter. Now that they’re sick in the hospital, don’t you think you should visit them?" 
The more Joanna tried to avoid him, the angrier David became. 
She couldn’t avoid him. 
But for that man named Ashton Heath, she didn’t know how proactive she could be. 
Thinking about it, David was filled with jealousy and hatred. 
He had known her for ten years and couldn’t win her over. 
But how long had she known that man named Ashton Heath? She had given herself to him. 
He thought she was different from those materialistic gold-digging women, but now it seemed that they were all the same. 
Since that was the case, she didn’t deserve his respect and attention anymore. 
Jealousy and anger overwhelmed David, making him lose his reason. His eyes were bloodshot, and he said angrily, "Why are you hiding? Now that I ask you to visit my parents, you refuse? Joanna, you’re a fucking ingrate. For a man, have you even lost your conscience?" 
When David’s hand reached out to grab her again, Joanna couldn’t avoid it and was caught by the arm. 
David pulled and dragged her out, trying to take her away. 
Joanna struggled: "David, let go of me! What do you want to do?" 
"My parents are in the hospital because of you, and you must go visit them." David dragged her out while saying fiercely, "How much did that man named Ashton Heath pay you? He can afford it, so can I. Tell me, how much for one time? Ten million dollars, twenty million dollars, or thirty million dollars? Even though you’re not clean anymore, I don’t mind playing for fun. After all, we’ve known each other for ten years, and I’d consider that helping your business." 
Thinking of the woman who was pure as ice in his heart and who he had never dared to touch for so many years, now belonged to someone else. 
David felt a strong hatred for Joanna. 
Bitch! 
He treated her as a treasure and planned to have her after the marriage. 
And her?
She pretended to be pure and inviolable in front of him, but not long after breaking up with him, she went to another man. 
Since she loved money so much, he might as well spend money to play her. 
Listening to him say these unbearable words, Joanna couldn’t help but slam her arm hard: "David, let go of me!" 
David was now in an abnormal state. 
Joanna was no match for a man’s strength, especially an agitated one like David. 
As she was dragged by David to the elevator, no matter how much she struggled or hit him, it didn’t work. Just as Joanna took out her phone to call Andy, a few tall and burly men in black suddenly appeared around the corner.
###Chapter 1311: Chapter 1037: Mr. Ashton Sent Us to Pick You Up
A few men blocked David’s way and punched him in the face. 
"Ugh!" 
The punch struck David in the jaw, causing intense pain that made him unable to hold onto anything. He held his jaw and made a sound of agony. 
Joanna, free at last, immediately ran away from David. 
A man stepped in front of her, his voice courteous: "Ms. Joanna, are you okay?" 
Joanna looked at the man in black who was standing in front of her. She felt both curious and surprised: "You are ..." 
"Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton sent us to pick you up. He wishes to meet you." 
"Mr. Ashton? Your Mr. Ashton is ..." Joanna paused, her puzzlement deepening. 
She initially thought that these men in black were arranged by Ashton Heath. 
But it didn’t seem the case now. 
If Ashton Heath wanted to see her, he could just come to her directly. He didn’t need to send bodyguards to fetch her. 
Plus, at this hour, he should be in Closia. 
"Ms. Joanna, you know our Mr. Ashton. His last name is Parker." 
"Parker?" Joanna paused for a few seconds again, and reacted with surprise and doubt, "Your Mr. Ashton is Frank Parker?" 
"Yes." 
When she received an affirmative answer, Joanna was surprised even more. 
Frank Parker wanted to meet her? 
However, what could he possibly want from her? 
"Joanna, I always knew money could buy you anyone. Ashton Heath, Frank Parker, even Gary White. During those two years, you adamantly refused me. I guess your purity was only for these men." 
"I was so fucking blind. Knowing now what type of woman you are I would have just paid you. I even thought of marrying you." 
"Joanna, you don’t deserve how good I used to be to you. When we broke up, I even felt guilty for you, thought I owed you and I regretted it for a long time. Now I think it’s laughter. I was upset for such a long time over a woman like you." 
"You absolutely don’t deserve it!" 
David was being held down by the men. 
When he heard the name "Frank Parker", he suddenly exploded like a firecracker. 
He started spewing indecent words from his mouth and his eyes were filled with hatred when he looked at Joanna. 
These bodyguards were men of Frank Parker. They wouldn’t allow him to insult Frank like that. 
One of them simply put his tie in David’s mouth. 
Unable to speak, David stared furiously at Joanna, seeming to regard her as his enemy. 
But Joanna was slowly regaining her calmness. 
After giving David a look, she moved her gaze away, speaking to the man in front of her: "Did Mr. Parker mention why he wants to see me?" 
"We don’t know the specifics. Once you get there, Mr. Ashton will tell you." 
Joanna nodded: "Okay, I’m going with you." 
She wanted to know, why was Frank Parker looking for her? 
"Please come with me, Ms. Joanna." The bodyguard politely gestured for her to proceed. 
Joanna walked a few steps forward. When passing by David, she paused a little, then turned back to the man who seemed in charge of the bodyguards, "You can let him go." 
"Ms. Joanna?" 
"With you guys here, he wouldn’t dare to hurt me." Joanna pursed her lips, not looking at David, her voice calm. 
The man hesitated for a moment, but finally nodded and made a gesture to the two bodyguards holding David, "Let him go." 
The bodyguards released David.
###Chapter 1312: Chapter 1038: Don’t Flatter Yourself
As soon as David Benington regained his freedom, he turned around. His face was still gloomy, but there was a hint of joy in his eyes. "Joanna, you..." 
"Don’t flatter yourself." Joanna Lawrence knew what he wanted to say and coldly interrupted him, "I’m doing this for Mr. and Mrs. Benington, so they won’t be heartbroken. David, this is my last warning to you. If you don’t want to see the Benington family completely destroyed by your hands, don’t let me see you again." 
"Are you threatening me?" 
"Whether it’s a threat or not, I believe you are well aware. David, it’s all your fault that the Benington family has fallen to this state today. You are the real culprit that has harmed the family." 
After saying this, Joanna walked past him. 
As Joanna entered the elevator, she heard David’s resentful shout: "Joanna Lawrence, you will regret this. One day, you will regret treating me like this. No one has ever truly cared for you but me. Everyone else is just playing with you." 
"Joanna Lawrence, you are an ungrateful wretch!" 
* 
The elevator doors closed, and Joanna finally couldn’t hear David’s frantic voice anymore. 
She recalled her interactions with David. 
From their first meeting to the present, every bit of it. 
Upon reflection, she couldn’t help feeling a bit sentimental. 
In the past, she never imagined that David would end up like this. 
She didn’t even know whether David’s true nature was like this, or if some sort of trauma had caused such a drastic change. 
But regardless, she truly didn’t want to see this man ever again. 
Arriving at the underground parking lot. 
The bodyguard led her to a silver-grey Lamborghini. 
As Joanna approached the car, she saw the headlights flash twice and the front-seat passenger door slowly opened. 
She glanced inside and saw Frank Parker sitting there. 
He was propping one hand on the steering wheel, his high-quality black shirt sleeves rolled up halfway. Due to the heat, the shirt’s buttons weren’t all fastened, half tightened and half undone. 
Frank Parker’s skin was very pale, a cold white that was much whiter than average. 
But his lips were exceptionally red. 
With that delicate and beautiful face, at first glance, he looked like a vampire from medieval legends. 
According to the legends, vampires were an amazingly beautiful group of beings.
Both men and women vampires had extraordinary appearances, much more attractive than ordinary people. 
Frank Parker’s appearance was totally in line with this standard. 
Joanna didn’t particularly dislike Frank Parker, but she definitely didn’t like him either. 
However, from an ive standpoint, she had to admit that Frank Parker was indeed very good-looking. 
If Aria Rowlett, a known worshiper of beautiful people, saw him, she’d undoubtedly have another heartthrob to admire. 
But in Joanna’s heart, Ashton Heath was still the most handsome. 
When she saw Frank Parker, she hesitated for a moment. 
She hadn’t expected Frank Parker to be waiting downstairs. 
She thought the bodyguard would take her to meet him. 
Frank Parker raised his narrow, phoenix eyes, his gaze fell on Joanna’s delicate little face, and after a few seconds, he averted his eyes with a slightly unnatural expression. 
He cleared his throat, covering his mouth slightly: "Get in the car. I’ve booked a restaurant. We can talk over there." 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, thinking that although Frank Parker wasn’t a likable person and could even be annoying, he probably wasn’t a bad person. 
Being with him, she wouldn’t have to worry about him doing something wrong.
###Chapter 1313: Chapter 1039: She felt very uncomfortable
She got into the car. 
She didn’t know if it was her imagination, but after she got in the car, she felt that Frank Parker’s body seemed to stiffen for a moment. 
But soon, he returned to normal. 
It happened so fast that Joanna wondered if she had seen it wrong. 
* 
Twenty minutes later, they were inside a high-end restaurant in Frankfurt. 
Frank had booked a private room, and the waiter led them toward it. 
After entering the private room, Joanna finally took off her mask. 
She had been scared of being photographed with Frank Parker recently, fearing that it might lead to more false stories about them. 
Originally, there were already enough rumors about her and Frank. 
Even though the rumors had been refuted, some people still didn’t believe it and thought they had an unusual relationship. 
After the waiter left, 
Frank walked over to the table like a gentleman, pulled out a chair for her, and said to Joanna who was standing nearby, "Please sit." 
Joanna: "..." 
She felt very uncomfortable. 
Extremely uncomfortable. 
Even though Frank was no longer as annoying as before and his attitude toward her had improved, she still didn’t feel comfortable with him suddenly being so gentlemanly in front of her. 
The feeling was strange, indescribable, and eerie. 
With this unsettling feeling, she sat down under the ambiguous gaze of the man beside her. 
Only after she had sat did Frank slowly walk over and take his seat across from her. 
"Are you hungry?" He picked up the menu on the table and flipped through it, then looked up at her and asked softly, "What do you want to eat?" 
Joanna: "..." 
The man’s gentle tone made her feel increasingly strange. 
This was completely different from how Frank had been in the past. 
Joanna couldn’t bear his change, and after a moment of silence, she asked directly, "Mr. Parker, why did you want to meet with me?" 
"Let’s eat first." Frank didn’t answer her question but instead handed her the menu and said, "You should order, choose whatever you like. If you don’t like this restaurant, we can go somewhere else." 
Joanna looked at the menu handed to her: "..." 
"Mr. Parker, I’m not hungry. Can you tell me why you wanted to see me?" 
She didn’t want to have a meal with Frank. 
She originally thought Frank wanted to meet her because of some matter, and she came only to discuss it. 
But seeing him like this... did he really intend to have lunch with her? 
Frank, still in the posture of handing the menu, had his hand in mid-air: "There’s no rush, we can talk later. Let’s eat first. I think you probably don’t have any other plans, so you won’t be in a hurry to leave, right?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She wasn’t in a hurry to leave, but that didn’t mean she wanted to stay with him. 
She didn’t want to be with him at all, okay? 
Looking at the man’s hand still extended in mid-air, she frowned slightly, and after hesitating for a while, she took the menu from him. 
Never mind, it was just one meal. 
She could bear it for the duration. 
Fortunately, the current Frank Parker was not as annoying as before, and being together wasn’t as unbearable. 
Joanna had no interest in what to eat, so she casually selected a few dishes and returned the menu to him. 
Frank looked at the menu, and his brow furrowed as if unsatisfied: "You only ordered a few dishes? Do they not suit your taste?" 
She had even chosen some of the relatively inexpensive dishes.
###Chapter 1314: Chapter 1040: He Seemed to See an Angel
Joanna Lawrence: "No, I’m not very hungry, and I don’t eat much usually. If you think it’s not enough, you can order more." 
Frank Parker narrowed his eyes and watched her for a while before deciding not to say anything else. 
He flipped through the menu, added a few more dishes, and after ordering, he looked at her again and asked, "Do you like desserts?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...I guess so." 
"Hmm." 
After asking, Frank Parker buried his head in the menu for a few more minutes before calling a waiter over by ringing the service bell. 
After the waiter took away the menu... 
The private room became unusually quiet, with neither of them breaking the silence. 
The waiting for their meal seemed rather long. 
Joanna Lawrence found the atmosphere awkward and uncomfortable. 
Truth be told, she and Frank Parker couldn’t even be considered friends, yet they were sitting together in a private room for a meal. 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t dislike Frank Parker, but due to past issues, she didn’t have much affection for him either. 
As she sat in silence, unable to handle the awkward atmosphere any longer, she drew a deep breath and looked up at the man opposite her again: "Mr. Parker, can we talk now? It will be some time before the food is served. Can we have a conversation?" 
She was genuinely curious about why Frank Parker wanted to meet her. 
She felt that there should be nothing worth discussing between them. 
Could it be that he was here because of Rebecca Kelloway’s situation? 
Joanna knew that Ashton Heath and Rebecca Kelloway had ended their relationship, and Rebecca had been trying to reconcile with Heath. 
Perhaps Rebecca felt that it was pointless to approach Heath herself, so she asked Frank Parker to plead her case? 
After thinking it over, she thought that was the most likely possibility. 
As for the others, she was clueless. 
Frank Parker took a sip of water from the table and slowly raised his eyes, his narrow eyes squinting a bit, revealing a flash of hesitation at the bottom. 
After Joanna Lawrence waited a while, she finally heard him start, "Do you accept a lot of ads?" 
"What?" Joanna was taken by surprise and took a moment to respond. 
She had clearly heard what Frank was saying, but found it strange why he would mention that. 
It seemed a bit abrupt.
Thinking she had not heard him clearly, Frank patiently repeated his question: "Have you accepted many advertisements? Have many advertisers approached you for advertising shoots?" 
This time, Joanna was sure that he was indeed asking about her work. 
Although she was unsure why Frank Parker suddenly brought up the topic, Joanna still responded, "No one is offering me any advertisements now." 
Because of all the rumors and scandals surrounding her, she often made the hot search list. 
She had gained some minor fame and her number of acquaintances had grown. 
However, this fame was meaningless. 
She had no real influence that could sway her followers. 
Therefore, it was unlikely that any advertisers would approach her for advertising shoots. 
Previously, Color Vista had offered her an advertisement gig, but that was solely because of Ashton Heath. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been eligible to endorse such a top-tier cosmetic brand like Color Vista. 
"Then why did you turn down the endorsement offer from MC?" With his eyes half-closed, Frank Parker looked at the stunning, fairy-like girl in front of him. The episode of her saving him that night suddenly flashed in his mind. 
She was wearing a white dress, her long hair cascading like seaweed. The starlight penetrated the water surface and scattered over her body, making her look like an angel swimming towards him. 
Frank Parker’s feelings at that moment mirrored what he felt on that night.
###Chapter 1315: Chapter 1041: From now on, all these endorsements are yours
His face showed no sign of emotion, but inside, his heart was already pounding like a drum, and he was feeling extremely flustered, not at all as composed as he appeared on the surface. 
Ever since he found out that Joanna was his lifesaver, he could never face her the same way as before. 
He felt as if he had returned to the days of young love in his student years, and his heart would race whenever he saw the girl he liked. 
The more he pretended to be indifferent on the surface, the more flustered he felt inside. 
Because he didn’t know how to face her, and because seeing her would make him especially flustered, his mind would go blank and he would be unable to think. 
Because he was afraid of inadvertently saying or doing something wrong. 
So he chose to not say anything and do nothing instead. 
Though he liked the other person to the point of obsession, the way he acted appeared cold and arrogant. The more he liked the person, the colder and more indifferent he acted in front of them. 
He’s better now, not as foolish as before. 
But he’s still nervous and flustered. 
He still doesn’t know how to get along with the girl in front of him. 
He couldn’t help thinking how beautiful Joanna looked. 
Why hadn’t he noticed how beautiful she was before? 
Like a little fairy, she looked so lovable everywhere. 
He finally understood why Ashton, the iron tree, would bloom. 
"Ah? The endorsement for Color Vista?" Joanna was stunned for a few seconds before realizing that Color Vista was a cosmetic brand under the Parker Group. 
Her signing with Color Vista must have been arranged by Frank Parker. 
Being able to sign with such a first-line makeup brand usually came from having connections, and it was Frank who had done Ashton a favor. 
However, after signing, Joanna unknowingly wanted to terminate the contract with Color Vista. 
Knowing about this situation, Frank Parker, as the boss, would definitely be aware of it. 
So the reason he was looking for her today was actually because of this matter, not to plead for Rebecca? 
Thinking of this, Joanna felt like she should explain to Frank Parker. 
No matter what, her request to terminate the contract after signing violated the spirit of the agreement. 
Frank Parker could even demand her to pay the penalty. 
"I’m sorry, Mr. Parker." Joanna knew she was in the wrong, so her apology was sincere. "I decided to terminate the contract with Color Vista because of some personal reasons. It was my fault for breaking the contract, and I will pay the penalty as required. I’m really, really sorry if my actions have caused any damage to Color Vista." 
Frank Parker’s brow furrowed upon hearing this: "I’m not asking for a penalty. I just want to know why you want to terminate the contract with Color Vista. Is it because you’re unsatisfied with the signing fee, or you think Color Vista’s brand isn’t good enough? If it’s about the signing fee, you can propose the price you want, and regardless of how much it is, I can afford it." 
Young Master Parker always flaunted his wealth when speaking about money. 
His words exuded a sense of "money is no ." 
Joanna’s lips twitched: "No, it’s just that I..." 
"If you don’t like the endorsement with Color Vista, there are many other endorsements under the Parker Group you can choose from. Whether it’s jewelry, property, cars, or other skincare series, whatever you want to endorse, I’ll give you all of them in the next season, no, in all future seasons." 
Joanna’s eyes widened in shock. 
What... was he saying? 
"Mr. Parker, you..." The strange feeling in her heart grew stronger and stronger.
###Chapter 1316: Chapter 1042: So, do you... hate me?
She felt that Frank Parker now was too strange. 
He seemed to become very nice to her all of a sudden.
Initially, Joanna Lawrence thought she got the MC endorsement because of Ashton Heath, but now her thoughts had changed somewhat. 
Because Frank’s words just now...had gone beyond the scope of just saving face. 
Especially the last sentence, it’s easy for people to misunderstand. 
Joanna took a deep breath, trying her best to ignore the strange feelings in her heart. She placed one hand on the table, her fingers tightening, and slowly said, "Mr. Parker, I think you may have misunderstood me. The reason I terminated the contract with MC is not that I am unhappy with the price or the brand." 
"The signing fee Mr. Parker offered is already very high. I have no reason to be dissatisfied. As for MC, it’s a cosmetic brand that I really like. When I found out I could sign with MC, I was very happy and honored." 
"Then why did you" 
"Mr. Parker, MC had previously sought to renew their contract with Sophie, right?" Joanna interrupted Frank’s words, "If it weren’t for me, a newcomer, the next season’s celebrity endorser for MC would still be Sophie. Her fame and fan appeal are countless times better than mine." 
"I didn’t know in advance that MC had talked to Sophie about renewing the contract, so I signed with MC. The reason for the termination of the contract is that I don’t want to be seen as stealing her contract. Besides, with my current fame, I am not suitable to be MC’s celebrity endorser either." 
Frank Parker squinted his eyes, "You decided to terminate the contract because you didn’t want people to misunderstand?" 
Joanna nodded, "Yes. The termination is also a good thing for MC, as they can sign a more suitable celebrity endorser." 
"It’s only because of this reason?" Frank Parker looked at her with a hint of uncertainty in his eyes. 
"Of course" Joanna felt somewhat baffled by his questioning, as if Frank had an ulterior motive in his words. 
Frank Parker licked his lips, hesitating in his eyes. 
After a moment of silence, he couldn’t help but ask, "So, did you decide to terminate the contract because you hated me?" 
Joanna was taken aback by his question. 
It took her a while to react. 
"Of course not." 
Even if she might have hated him before, the reason for the contract termination was not that. 
Moreover, Frank Parker now was no longer that detestable. 
No matter why he had changed, Joanna was now willing to communicate with him. 
If it were his previous attitude, she wouldn’t want to talk to him. 
"It’s really not?" Frank Parker seemed to care about this matter and asked again. 
"Yes." Joanna didn’t know what he was thinking, but she didn’t hate him anymore, "I just don’t want people to misunderstand that I took Sophie’s endorsement opportunity. It has nothing to do with others." 
Frank Parker stared at her intently for a while. 
Only when he was sure that she wasn’t lying to him did he finally feel relieved. 
"So, do you hate me?" 
Thinking of all the things he had done to her before, he now felt extremely remorseful and regretful. 
Her impression of him must be terrible. 
He wanted to change, but didn’t know if it was too late. 
Joanna was taken aback again, then shook her head, "Mr. Parker, I have never hated you." 
"Not even before?" After asking, Frank Parker showed a nervousness in his eyes that even he had not noticed. 
Joanna was startled again, then shook her head, "No."
###Chapter 1317: Chapter 1043: Something’s wrong from head to toe
"Really? But I wasn’t very nice to you before. Are you sure you don’t mind?" 
Joanna thought about it carefully before answering him, "I cared before, but it never reached the point of hating you." 
How could she not mind at all? 
Every time she saw him, he had a stern face, with a terrible attitude and speaking cruelly to her. 
It would be strange if she didn’t mind. 
"I’m sorry." Frank Parker suddenly apologized, "I shouldn’t have prejudiced against you without understanding your situation. I know it’s a bit late to apologize now, but I still want to say I’m sorry to you." 
Joanna was stunned. 
Frank looked at her reaction, pursed his thin lips and continued, "Whether you’re willing to forgive me or not, I have to say sorry. And everything I just said is true, I’m not joking with you." 
The man gazed at her intently, word by word, without any hint of joking, "All the ads under the Parker Group can be signed to you. As long as you are willing to... " 
"Mr. Parker, I don’t understand." Joanna finally couldn’t help but ask, "Is it because you felt guilty about how you treated me in the past, that this is to make up for it?" 
Frank’s eyes flickered, his thin lips tightly pressed, and he didn’t speak for a moment. 
He really wanted to ask her. 
Did she not remember that night? 
Did she not remember the night ten years ago when she saved a boy who almost drowned? 
Did she really... not remember that night at all? 
Seeing Frank silent, Joanna thought she had guessed correctly. 
After thinking for a moment, she said, "Mr. Parker, you don’t have to do this. You don’t owe me anything. Liking someone or disliking someone is everyone’s right. You don’t need to make up for anything, because you never owed me anything in the first place." 
"No, this is what I owe you." Frank looked at her deeply, something rapidly flowing in the depths of his eyes, "What I owe you can’t be made up for with these things. Joanna, I hope you don’t reject me so quickly, I hope I can help you." 
"It would make me feel better." 
Joanna thought his words were odd. 
Her eyebrows furrowed, just about to say something when the door knocked. 
It was the waiter bringing up the dishes they had just ordered. 
The conversation was temporarily interrupted. 
Frank did not mention the previous issue again. 
When all the dishes were on the table, Joanna, who thought she didn’t have much appetite, couldn’t help but let out a couple of grumbles from her belly after smelling the tempting aroma of the food. 
That sound was also heard by Frank. 
Her embarrassed face turned red at once. 
With a gentle chuckle, before she could pick up her fork, Frank had already added some food to her plate, "If you’re hungry, hurry up and eat. I’ve been to this restaurant before, and the taste should be quite good." 
Joanna looked at the extra food in her bowl, and that strange sense of uneasiness welled up in her heart again. 
She felt like something was off. 
There was something that felt off about Frank. 
Could it be just because he felt guilty for misunderstanding her in the past, so he had a 360-degree change in attitude towards her? 
* 
Joanna didn’t treat herself badly, even though the meal was invited by Frank Parker, she still enjoyed a full meal. 
The restaurant’s food indeed tasted great. 
She couldn’t help herself and even added another bowl of rice.
###Chapter 1318: Chapter 1044: Silently Etched in My Heart
She ate her dinner with great focus, her head always lowered. 
Therefore, she didn’t notice that from the beginning to the end, Frank Parker’s gaze was almost always on her. 
After observing which dishes she liked the most, Frank silently noted their names in his mind. 
After dinner, Joanna Lawrence said she wanted to go back. 
Frank didn’t try to persuade her to stay and drove her back to her apartment. 
Throughout the ride, neither of them said much. 
Upon arriving at the apartment, Frank parked the car, and Joanna unbuckled her seatbelt, "Mr. Parker, thank you for dinner and for driving me home. I’m leaving now, be careful on the road." 
After saying that, she grabbed her bag and opened the car door. 
Just as she got out of the car, the silent man behind her suddenly spoke, "The Jewel Company of the Parker Group is about to launch a new product, and we haven’t found a suitable celebrity endorser yet. I think your temperament and image are very fitting, I would like to sign you. Please... consider it." 
Fearing that Joanna wouldn’t believe him, he immediately added, "I’m serious. I’ll have someone contact your agent. I hope you’ll consider it seriously too. We haven’t discussed the endorsement with anyone else, and I promise that what happened before won’t happen again." 
"As for your ex-fiance, I’ll have someone keep an eye on him. You don’t have to worry about him harassing you anymore." 
After saying that, Frank looked at the girl outside the car for a while before finally closing the car door. 
One minute later. 
Joanna watched as his silver Lamborghini left the underground parking lot.
She stood there for a while before finally turning around and leaving. 
* 
Heath Group. 
Ashton Heath finished processing the last document just before 10 pm. 
Cody Aberton was also working late with him. 
"President Ashton." Cody knocked on the office door and walked in. 
Ashton threw the pen in his hand onto the desk, leaned back in his chair, and rubbed his brow, "Is he gone?" 
"No," Cody replied, "he’s still waiting downstairs." 
Ashton smirked, "He’s still here, huh? Looks like he’s determined to see me." 
"President Ashton, Kelloway Group’s stock price has started to fall again this afternoon. Princeton Kelloway has been looking for investments from others, but it seems like he’s been rejected. His only hope now is for you to help him out." 
"So he’s determined to see you today." 
Ashton glanced at the time, his lips curling again, "He’s been waiting for five hours. It seems like Kelloway Group is in a really bad situation." 
"So, do you want to see him?" Cody inquired. 
"Yes." Ashton chuckled lightly. "Since he’s waited five hours, I might as well see him. Go bring him up." 
"Do you intend to invest in Kelloway Group?" Cody hesitated for a moment before asking, "The hole that Kelloway Group has dug is too deep now. It won’t be easy to help them recover." 
"Although President Ashton definitely has the ability to do it, if it’s just a friendly favor, it will still take quite a bit of effort and energy." 
"I have a plan for this. You don’t need to worry about it. Go bring him up." 
"...Yes, President Ashton." 
As a subordinate, Cody could only offer some advice. 
Whether or not his boss would take it was not something he could control. 
* 
A moment later. 
Princeton Kelloway was led into the office by Cody. 
"Mr. Kelloway." 
Ashton was very polite on the surface. After seeing Princeton Kelloway, he got up from his seat, walked up to him and greeted him courteously.
###Chapter 1319: Chapter 1045: Can You Help Kelloway Group Once
"Ashton, am I keeping you from resting?" Princeton Kelloway looked at the young talent before him, feeling a sense of lament. 
He didn’t pay much attention to Ashton Heath when he heard that he was coming back to take over Heath Group. 
He even thought that entrusting the entire Heath Group to someone under 25 years old was somewhat childish. 
But now... 
Ashton Heath had been in charge for less than a year, and during this time, Heath Group’s achievements had almost doubled. 
This result shocked many insiders. 
It’s undeniable that some people possess a unique talent in certain areas that others can’t match, no matter how hard they try. 
Ashton Heath had this talent in managing business. 
He was born to be a leader. 
Princeton Kelloway no longer dared to judge Ashton with his previous thoughts. 
Now that he needed help, he lowered his posture even further. 
"I don’t usually rest so early, so it’s not an interruption." Ashton Heath’s attitude was still polite, maintaining the appropriate manners and upbringing. 
"That’s good." Princeton Kelloway was a shrewd businessman, better at observing people than most. 
Even though Ashton’s attitude was polite and seemed respectful towards him as an elder, he could feel that it was only on the surface. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have had to wait for five hours downstairs to meet. 
The Heath family and the Kelloway family had been close for generations. 
Over the years, there had never been any grudges between the two families. 
Princeton Kelloway had a good understanding of the two young members of the Heath family. Even if Kelloway Group was not as prosperous as before, the Heath family would never seize this opportunity to disassociate and kick them when they were down. 
After all, the Kelloway family hadn’t done anything to offend the Heath family recently. 
Yet Ashton had let him wait for a full five hours downstairs. 
He was sure that Ashton knew of his arrival at Heath Group earlier. 
Those five hours were intentionally imposed on him. 
"Mr. Kelloway, please sit down and talk. Cody, bring us some coffee." After inviting Princeton Kelloway to sit down, Ashton went back to his desk.
"I’m not sure what brings you here, Mr. Kelloway." Ashton looked at the slightly nervous Princeton and asked knowingly. 
Princeton Kelloway cared about saving face. 
So after problems arose with Kelloway Group, he tried to hide it, not wanting anyone to know. 
It was only now, when Kelloway Group was at its breaking point, that he had no choice but to seek help from others. 
He sat on the sofa, clasping his hands together, his face displaying difficulty in speaking. 
Ashton didn’t rush him but watched silently. 
It took Princeton nearly a minute to finally speak up with difficulty: "Ashton, I came here today to ask a favor. I believe you’re aware of Kelloway Group’s current situation. If it weren’t for the desperate circumstances, I wouldn’t have come to you." 
"But now, only your family can help us." 
"So, I was wondering if you could help us this once." 
"As long as we can get through this crisis, Kelloway Group... " 
"Mr. Kelloway." Ashton raised his hand to interrupt him, his gaze calm, "I already understand your intention, and I’ve heard about the Kelloway Group’s current predicament. With the deep relationship between the Heath family and the Kelloway family all these years, the Heath family should certainly help if we can."
###Chapter 1320: Chapter 1046: Getting Married Within a Month
"It’s just..." 
As his words changed, Princeton Kelloway’s face altered, and he immediately asked nervously, "Just what?" 
Ashton Heath chuckled and said in a businesslike tone, "Let’s talk business. If the Kelloway Group had only some minor issues, the Heath family wouldn’t mind giving a helping hand, it’s just a simple favor. However, Mr. Kelloway must be very clear about the current situation of the Kelloway Group." 
"This is not something that the Heath family can casually help with." 
"With such heavy losses in Mr. Kelloway’s company, even if the Heath family wants to help, it would take a large amount of funds to compensate for those losses. If it’s just for the sake of our past friendship, I’m afraid I cannot agree to your request." 
There was no surprise on Princeton Kelloway’s face. 
The Heath family and the Kelloway family indeed had many years of friendship, but this friendship was also maintained by many interests over the years. 
Moreover, it was only in the earlier years when Sir Heath was alive that the two families were closer. 
After Sir Heath’s death due to illness, the relationship between the Heath and Kelloway families was not as close as before. 
There were fewer interactions. 
Naturally, Princeton Kelloway did not expect that some past friendship would make the Heath family generously help them without compensation. 
"Ashton, I wouldn’t be so shameless as to ask the Heath family for uncompensated help. If the Heath family can help the Kelloway Group through this crisis, the money invested will be considered as stocks in the Kelloway Group. We have several profitable projects, but they cannot be carried out due to funding issues. If someone is willing to invest, they will definitely make money." 
"I’ve brought the related materials for those projects. As long as you take a look at them, you’ll know whether they can make money or not." 
Princeton Kelloway took out a few documents from the bag he carried, stood up, and handed them over with both hands. 
Ashton Heath took them and casually flipped through them before putting them on the table.
He had his men thoroughly investigate the current situation of the Kelloway Group. 
He naturally knew whether the projects that Princeton Kelloway handed over could make money or not. 
"Mr. Kelloway, I glanced at those projects, and they are indeed not bad." 
Princeton Kelloway’s face immediately showed joy: "Then..." 
"I can consider investing in them. However..." 
"However, what?" Princeton Kelloway hastily said, "As long as you can help the Kelloway Group through this crisis, I can agree to any request." 
At this point, the Heath family was the only hope for the Kelloway Group. 
Anyway, he had to make Ashton Heath agree to help the Kelloway Group. 
Otherwise, the Kelloway Group would be finished. 
Thus, even though Princeton Kelloway did not know Ashton’s requirements yet, he urgently agreed to them. 
Ashton Heath was silent for a moment, then said leisurely, "This request shouldn’t be difficult for Mr. Kelloway. As long as you can get your daughter married off within a month, I will agree to invest in the Kelloway Group." 
Princeton Kelloway’s face showed surprise, and after a while, he came back to his senses and asked, "Are you talking about Rebecca?" 
"Of course," said Ashton Heath, looking at him. "Your second daughter isn’t of age yet, so I’m not talking about her." 
Princeton Kelloway was stunned again. 
He did not expect that Ashton Heath would make such a request. 
He thought that Ashton would take the opportunity to ask for more stocks, but he wanted Rebecca to marry as soon as possible instead. 
Princeton Kelloway, of course, knew that Rebecca liked Ashton Heath. 
It was just that the infatuation was one-sided, and it had been unrequited love for his daughter all these years.
###Chapter 1321: Chapter 1047: I Have Some Good News to Tell You
Could it be that Ashton Heath was tired of Rebecca Kelloway’s entanglement and wanted her to marry quickly? 
Princeton Kelloway secretly guessed for a while, showing an embarrassed look on his face, "Ashton, you know Rebecca. She’s always had her own opinions, and she doesn’t always listen to me on ordinary matters, let alone on marriage..." 
"Mr. Kelloway, I’ve already presented the conditions. You can consider them carefully before replying to me. Of course, both of us might need time. If you still haven’t made up your mind by the end of today, we can drop the cooperation," said Ashton. 
"Those projects are lucrative, but to be honest, they’re not tempting enough for me." 
Princeton Kelloway was still in a daze. 
After Ashton Heath finished speaking, he called Cody Aberton to see the guests off. 
* 
After work. 
Ashton Heath didn’t return to his own villa but visited the Heath Villa instead. 
There were some things he needed to talk to Lady Octavia about. 
Upon arriving home, after getting out of the car, Ashton saw a familiar car parked nearby. 
It was the black and gold Rolls-Royce Brandon Heath often used. 
Ashton asked Tedd, who had come out to greet him, "Is my elder brother back?" 
"Yes, Mr. Brandon just arrived home a short while ago. He’s currently talking to Lady Octavia," replied Tedd. 
Ashton raised an eyebrow, finding it curious, "He’s been quite free lately, coming home twice this month. That’s rare. Do you know what he’s back for?" 
Tedd shook his head, "Mr. Brandon didn’t say, but he seems a bit different this time." 
"Different?" Ashton stepped out of the garage, handed the car key to Tedd, and asked with interest, "What’s different about him?" 
"Well... I can’t quite put my finger on it. It just feels like Mr. Brandon is smiling more than before, and he seems in a great mood. He must have encountered some happy event." 
Ashton paused for a moment. 
Recalling a certain incident, he hooked his lips into a smile, "Yes, there should be some happy news. I’ll go ask him about it." 
* 
Upon entering the living room. 
Ashton saw Madam Heath, Lady Octavia, and Brandon Heath all sitting in the living room. 
Tedd reported, "Mr. Ashton is back." 
Madam Heath was the first to turn her head and, seeing her younger grandson, smiled warmly and beckoned, "Ashton, come over here. There’s some happy news to share with you." 
Ashton quickly walked over to his grandmother. 
He greeted Grandma first, then asked with a smile, "Grandma, what’s the happy news that has you so delighted?" 
He glanced at Brandon, who was seated opposite him, and jokingly asked, "Could it be that my elder brother has finally been moved by worldly affairs and has a woman by his side?" 
Brandon held a cup of coffee in his hand. He lifted his cold eyes and briefly looked at Ashton. 
Although he didn’t say a word, he didn’t refute Ashton’s words either. 
Ashton knew he had guessed correctly. 
As expected, this was related to Aria Rowlett. 
It seems his elder brother really knew how to take action. His efficiency in dating was even higher than in work. 
Not long after confirming his relationship with Aria Rowlett, he had already informed the family about it. 
At this rate of development, it wouldn’t be too long before Aria truly became his sister-in-law. 
"You really know your brother well." Grandma’s eyes and brows were filled with joy, "Isn’t it that your brother now has a woman in his life? Although I don’t know why he didn’t bring her home for us to meet this time." 
Brandon explained, "Grandma, it’s not that I didn’t want to bring her back. It’s just that we’ve only been dating for a short while, and I’m afraid rushing to meet the parents might scare her."
###Chapter 1322: Chapter 1048: She and Joanna are from the same school
Brandon Heath laughed warmly, "In a little while, when our relationship is stable, I’ll bring her back." 
"Grandma can prepare the gifts for meeting her in advance." 
"Yes, yes, I will definitely prepare the gifts." Madam Heath happily agreed, "You should bring her back early. I want to see what kind of girl has captured your heart. It seems that God has opened his eyes. Ashton just solved his personal problem, and now yours is coming along too. I always said that the Heath family hasn’t done anything morally wrong, so how could our family line possibly end?" 
"Mmm, I’ll try to bring her back earlier," Brandon smiled and nodded. 
Madam Heath had a joyful expression on her face. 
However, Lady Octavia, who was sitting on one side, had no smile on her face, but rather a tight expression, looking displeased. 
"Brandon, you said earlier that the girl is still studying?" Lady Octavia has chosen a well-bred lady that she approves of for him, but they were all rejected by Brandon. 
Fearing that her eldest son would do the same thing as Ashton, who had married a woman from a small family without a word, Lady Octavia was very worried. 
Her two sons had been excellent from a young age. 
She once thought that there were no women in Closia who could match her two sons. 
But now, one of her sons had been hooked by a scheming woman from a small family. 
If her eldest son was also deceived by those messy women, she would absolutely not agree. 
"Hmm." Brandon thought for a moment and said, "However, she’s about to graduate soon." 
"Which school is she from? Is she in Closia right now?" Lady Octavia asked again.
"She’s from the same school as Joanna." Brandon hesitated for a moment, but didn’t reveal that Aria Rowlett and Joanna were best friends, only saying, "She’s currently studying at Closia Film School, in her third year." 
"What?" 
Lady Octavia’s face changed instantly. 
All of a sudden, there was a "crack," and the cup in her hand smashed to the ground. 
The porcelain cup hit the marble floor and shattered to pieces. 
The sound it made was particularly loud. 
Madam Heath looked at the broken cup, frowning, and asked with suppressed anger, "Octavia, what’s wrong with you? You seem absent-minded. If you’re not feeling well, go back to your room to rest." 
Madam Heath’s dissatisfaction with Lady Octavia had grown quite large. 
Lady Octavia’s recent behavior made her very unhappy. 
So as she saw Lady Octavia showing her unhappiness again, Madam Heath was not feeling well. 
Her intention was to let Lady Octavia return to her room. 
To avoid always putting on a long face and affecting everyone’s mood. 
Lady Octavia could hear it, of course. 
Her face looked terrible as she said, "Mom, I’m not feeling unwell." 
Madam Heath snorted coldly, "If you’re not feeling well, don’t force yourself. You don’t look normal. Are you sure you don’t want a doctor to check up on you?" 
Lady Octavia: "...No need." 
"You’ve always been so worried about Brandon’s personal issues. Now that he finally has a girlfriend, you seem displeased. Tell me, what are you unhappy about?" 
"Mom, you’ve misunderstood. I don’t have any complaints." No matter how dissatisfied Lady Octavia felt, she couldn’t say it at this time as she could sense that Madam Heath was already very displeased with her.
###Chapter 1323: Chapter 1049: She Must Stop It
Lady Octavia was still wary of her formidable mother-in-law. 
Madam Heath glanced at her and gave a cold snort, "Let me tell you, you must not interfere with the children’s personal issues. As long as my grandsons are happy, they can choose any partner they desire." 
"As parents, as elders, at most we can provide suggestions. Whether they will listen or not is their own business, we cannot force them. After all, in the future they won’t live with us, so what they do doesn’t really matter." 
Madam Heath perfectly saw through Lady Octavia’s thoughts. 
This is her dissatisfaction with the girlfriend Brandon Heath picked. 
The girl, like Joanna, is from the Film Academy and will likely join the entertainment industry after graduation. 
Actually, Madam Heath didn’t like the entertainment industry either. 
But at her age, she did not want to interfere anymore. 
The fortunes of her sons depend on themselves; as long as her two grandsons were happy, other things were not as important. 
It would be best if they could find a match in social and economic status. 
If not, it really doesn’t matter. 
The Heath family doesn’t need to secure their status through a marriage alliance, her grandsons are so outstanding that they don’t need to rely on a marriage alliance to gain anything. 
Madam Heath was open-minded, but Lady Octavia was not. 
Her family has already welcomed an actress from the entertainment industry, she constantly worried about being laughed at by others. 
If people find out that her two sons both married actresses, how could she hold her head up high in front of the noble madams. 
She and her two sons would become the joke of others over coffee. 
Actors are lowly. 
They are merely a form of entertainment for others. 
Yet, these entertainers are being married into her family by her sons, thinking about it, Lady Octavia was furious. 
What infuriated her even more was that her eldest son had also fallen for an actress. 
Moreover, one from the same school as Joanna Lawrence. 
How could Lady Octavia possibly accept that. 
She was so angry that her face turned red. If it were not for Madam Heath’s presence, she would have lost her temper by now. 
These young hussies. 
They were specifically targeting her sons! 
First Joanna, now another one... 
This time, no matter what, she would not let the same thing happen again. 
She had to stop it. 
"Mom, you’re overthinking," Lady Octavia said in a placating tone, her fury contained, "It’s been hard for Brandon to find a girlfriend, naturally, as a mother, I would be concerned and want to ask about it." 
"I’m just asking, nothing more." 
"Really?" Madam Heath gave her a glance, "Hopefully, that’s the case. Family harmony leads to prosperity, so I don’t wish for any complications. Also, the problems in Jeremy’s family are their own matters. You being his sister-in-law shouldn’t interfere too much." 
Madam Heath’s words startled Lady Octavia. 
Her face turned pale and her eyes showed a hint of panic. She hurriedly agreed, "Yes, Mom. I’ve realised my mistake and will not do it in the future." 
"You think a paternity test is something I’d be fooled about? We can eat anything, but we can’t just accept anything we hear. Jeremy is undoubtedly my own grandson. This is an irrefutable fact, not to be questioned. In the future, if anyone dares to stir up rumors, whoever they might be, I will take care of them!"
###Chapter 1324: Chapter 1050: This Move, Indeed Quite Good
Although Madam Heath had left her some face by not accusing her directly, Lady Octavia knew full well that the old lady was talking about her and Lady Delilah. 
As soon as the old lady had returned that day, she knew what had happened. 
She had scolded Lady Octavia severely at the time. 
Lady Octavia’s face was somewhat pale, and there was still some defiance in her eyes. She swallowed her anger and said, "Mom, it is precisely because it concerns the bloodline of the Heath family that we should be extra cautious. Our family is no ordinary family. Everyone wants to claim a stake in it." 
"Gia and I were just afraid that someone would take advantage of the situation to sneak in. We may have done something wrong, but our intentions were for the good of the Heath family." 
"Mom, don’t you find this whole thing suspicious?" 
"You guys searched for that child for so many years without finding him. Joanna had only been married into the Heath family for a short time, and the child was found right away. The first time she brought her brother home, you thought he was one of our family, and then you did a paternity test, confirming it. Don’t you think this is all too convenient, like it was all arranged by someone?" 
"Maybe you were so happy with the paternity test results that you didn’t think about anything else. But I just feel there’s something wrong with this whole situation." 
"Enough!" Madam Heath scolded angrily with a stern face, "You shut your mouth. If you keep talking nonsense, don’t blame me for humiliating you in front of the kids." 
Lady Octavia bit her lip, "Mom, I’m doing this for the sake of the family. I know you don’t like to hear these words, but a true word is sometimes unpalatable! If we let those with ulterior motives succeed, the future of the Heath family will be truly restless!" 
"Mom, are you suggesting that Joanna has ulterior motives?" Ashton Heath, who had been silent the whole time, suddenly spoke up. 
His voice was cold and indifferent. 
As Lady Octavia turned her head and met his emotionless eyes, she couldn’t help but shudder, even though he was her own son. 
There were times when she was afraid of her younger son. 
Lady Octavia pursed her lips, her confidence slightly shaken by Ashton’s gaze, "Whether she does or not, she knows in her heart." 
As soon as her words fell, she heard Ashton letting out a cold laugh. 
"So, what should we do according to mom? Do the paternity test for Jeremy again? If it’s done by someone you trust, would you believe it then?" 
Lady Octavia was stunned and was just about to say that was a good idea. 
"Then you and Lady Delilah can forge a fake paternity test to prove that Joanna and Jeremy conspired to deceive us. Then you can take advantage of this opportunity to force Joanna and me to divorce, and Grandma won’t because of this matter. As for Lady Delilah’s side, she won’t have to worry about Jeremy returning to his ancestral home and threatening her and her nephew’s position." 
"This move is indeed quite good. It can solve both your and Lady Delilah’s problems. So, you forced Joanna to admit that she bribed the doctor by Grandma’s side and had a fake paternity test done." 
Seeing the panic in Lady Octavia’s face, Ashton Heath curled his lips and looked straight into her eyes, "I wonder if this plan was thought up by you, or by Lady Delilah? I guess it should be Lady Delilah. She knows you don’t like Joanna, so she told you about this. Upon hearing it, you were tempted."
###Chapter 1325: Chapter 1051: Are You in a Hurry to Go Back and Accompany Your Girlfriend?
"You’ve always wanted Joanna to divorce me, believing she’s not good enough to be your daughter-in-law. You wanted to match me with Rebecca Kelloway, seeing the Heath family and the Kelloway family as matching in social and economic status. You’ve watched Rebecca grow up, and in your heart, the ideal daughter-in-law candidate is her." 
"Even after Joanna and I were married, you never gave up on this idea." 
Lady Octavia’s face turned slightly pale: "Ashton, you..." 
Ashton Heath chuckled, but there was no hint of amusement in his eyes: "Mom, you think I don’t know what’s going on in your heart? I didn’t say anything because I thought you’d give up after some time, but I was wrong." 
"Since I can’t change your mind, I don’t want to change any longer either." 
"I’ve said it before, if you cannot accept Joanna, then from now on, we won’t appear in front of you." Ashton spoke as he slowly stood up in front of Lady Octavia’s panicked and angry gaze, staring into her eyes and enunciating each word, "When you accept Joanna, I’ll return." 
"Grandma, if you want to see Joanna and me, I will arrange for someone to bring you over. As for this home, I won’t be returning for now." 
Upon hearing his last words, Lady Octavia’s face instantly turned pale. 
Ashton had indeed said this before, and she remembered. 
But she never expected that he would actually follow through. 
For that woman, was he really willing to give up even his birth mother who raised him? 
Madam Heath was slightly taken aback, a look of surprise in her eyes. 
"Ashton, you..." 
"Grandma, don’t try to persuade me." Ashton’s eyes were resolute. After saying these words, he didn’t look at Lady Octavia anymore. "I’ve made up my mind." 
Madam Heath looked at him for a while, softly sighed, and didn’t say anything else. 
The child had grown up and had his own opinions now. 
Perhaps only by using this method could the problem be resolved. 
She wanted the family to live in harmony, but sometimes, harmony couldn’t resolve the problem. 
Upon hearing Ashton’s words, Brandon Heath raised an eyebrow, expressing that he had no issues with it. 
Lady Octavia was their mother, and they should respect her. 
But there were times when they couldn’t blindly obey. 
If it were him, he would probably do the same thing. 
"I have something else to do, so I’ll leave first. Grandma, I’ll come back to chat with you another day when I’m free." 
When Ashton left, he only said goodbye to Madam Heath. 
He didn’t bother with Lady Octavia. 
Lady Octavia was both angry and upset. Before Ashton even left, she stood up with tears in her eyes, angrily retorting, "Fine, go! Once you leave, never come back again. I’ll just consider having given birth to an ungrateful child." 
"To choose a woman over even your birth mother. I don’t want a son like that either." 
After her outburst, Lady Octavia turned around and left with swollen tears. 
Madam Heath pursed her lips, sighing after a moment of silence and shaking her head. "At this age, she still doesn’t understand. This is your father spoiling her too. When Darren returns, I must have a serious talk with him." 
"Grandma, I have something to do as well. I’ll come back another day to see you." Brandon checked his watch, thinking about how Aria Rowlett said they were going to watch a movie that night. He didn’t want her to wait too long, so he hurried to leave. 
Madam Heath glanced at him and joked, "You just arrived and you’re already leaving. Is it because you’re in a hurry to go back to your girlfriend?" 
Brandon smiled, replying without change of expression, "Yes, she’s waiting for me at home."
###Chapter 1326: Chapter 1052: What do you actually like about Aria Rowlett?
After leaving. 
Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath headed toward the garage together. 
Brandon’s phone rang. He took it out to check and answered the call. 
His voice was as calm and cold as usual, indifferent, and void of any emotion. 
But if you listened carefully, you could tell that it was slightly different from usual. 
Ashton and Brandon had grown up together, so Ashton knew his brother even more than others. 
The moment Brandon answered the call, his tone was much more gentle than usual. 
"Hello." 
"Yes, I’m on my way back. I should be home in an hour." 
"You don’t have to worry about me. Choose a movie you’d like to see; I’m fine with anything." 
"If you’re hungry, eat something first. Don’t wait for me, you eat first, I’m not hungry yet." 
"Alright, I got it. You go ahead and book the tickets then." 
After a while, Brandon hung up the phone. 
Ashton, his lips curved in a teasing smile, asked, "Was that your girlfriend checking in on you?" 
Brandon glanced at him, smiled, and put his phone back into his pocket. "Yeah." 
"She’s hurrying you home?" 
"No, she was just asking when I’ll be home. She wants to book movie tickets. I promised her I would make time to watch a movie with her today." 
Upon hearing this, Ashton remained silent for a few seconds. 
Despite growing up together, he was still somewhat surprised to hear these words from his workaholic brother. 
When they were in school, Brandon focused solely on his studies and showed no interest in anything else. 
After starting work, he devoted himself entirely to his job. 
Ashton really had no idea what other hobbies or interests his career-driven brother might have, besides work and possibly physical fitness. 
He had never imagined what a man like his brother in a relationship might look like. 
In Ashton’s view, his brother dating was as rare as a red rain pouring down from the heavens. 
But now, not only was his brother in a relationship, it appeared to be going rather well? 
It was truly astounding to think that his brother was actually dating! 
What was even more astonishing was that Brandon was actually willing to make time to go on a movie date with Aria Rowlett. 
"Brother, will Aria Rowlett eventually become my sister-in-law?" Ashton knew he was asking an obvious question, but he still wanted to confirm it with Brandon directly. 
"What do you think?" Brandon didn’t give him a straight answer. 
Ashton smirked. "It looks like that will indeed be the case. I never would have guessed that it would be a little girl like Aria Rowlett who would finally win you over. I always thought that you were interested in mature, intellectual women, and wouldn’t be attracted to young girls like her." 
"All the potential brides that Mom has arranged for you were elegant well-bred ladies. No wonder none of them appealed to you." 
"But I still want to know, what exactly do you like about Aria Rowlett?" 
Brandon looked at him and asked a counter-question, "So, what is it that you like about Joanna?" 
Ashton was left speechless. 
"I never thought that the one who would sweep my brother off his feet would be a young girl either. This only shows that we brothers have excellent taste, having fallen for highly accomplished girls, who happen to be best friends." 
"You’re asking me what I like about her?"
###Chapter 1327: Chapter 1053: My people, who dares to touch them
Brandon Heath thought for a moment and said with a smile, "I really can’t answer that question. Even I don’t have an answer in my heart. Maybe if I look at each aspect individually, many of them wouldn’t meet my standards for choosing a partner." 
"But when it comes to liking someone, there are no standards. If you like them, you just like them, there’s no need for so many reasons. Just follow your heart, it won’t deceive you." 
Ashton Heath thought that his brother would be quite suitable as a monk. 
The great wisdom he had gained came in sets. 
And he thought that what was said made sense. 
He had never thought about what exactly he liked about Joanna Lawrence. 
Once he liked her, he felt that everything about her was good, and everything was worth liking. 
"Well, brother, I hope you can protect her." Ashton knew how close Aria Rowlett and Joanna were, and naturally, he would be more concerned about Aria. "Your situation is not very safe now. If someone knows that you have a woman by your side, I’m worried that they won’t be able to take action against you and will target the people around you instead." 
Brandon Heath fell silent for a moment, his eyebrows furrowed, and a cold glint flashed in his eyes as he thought of certain things. 
A moment later, his eyes half-closed, he said, "Who dares to hurt my people? I won’t give them the chance." 
The moment he chose to be with Aria Rowlett, he had considered all the issues. 
If he couldn’t even protect her, what would he use to guarantee her happiness in the future? 
* 
"Ms. Aria, Mr. Brandon is back." 
Aria Rowlett was choosing what to wear for her date in her bedroom.
She had already moved in with Brandon Heath and lived with him. 
Now, they were living under the same roof, but they hadn’t yet shared a bedroom. 
Aria Rowlett had her own room, which was very close to Brandon Heath’s bedroom, both on the same floor. 
Aria didn’t know what it was like to be in a romantic relationship for others. 
In any case, the relationship between her and Brandon Heath was, well... 
They could be said to be boyfriend and girlfriend now, officially dating. 
But their daily interactions didn’t seem like intimate ones between a romantic couple. 
Brandon Heath seemed like and indeed was a gentleman. 
Being proactive was almost nonexistent for him. 
As a girl, even if Aria had an extroverted personality, she still felt embarrassed to be too proactive in matters of love. 
So the two of them were dating in this lukewarm manner. 
Aria didn’t know if this was good or not. 
Aside from not being very proactive in emotional matters, Brandon Heath was very good to her in other aspects. 
He cared about her enough. 
He was willing to spend money on her. 
He wouldn’t deny her any request. 
He could be said to be very accommodating to her. 
A man like him was already like heaven’s prince. 
For him to treat her the way he did now, Aria Rowlett was actually quite satisfied. 
Aria spent half a day selecting and finally chose a peach-colored dress that accentuated her figure. She put on the dress, arranged her hair, and walked out of the bedroom. 
Ria was waiting for her outside the bedroom. 
Seeing her coming out, Ria looked her up and down and said with a smile, "This dress looks good, Ms. Aria, you look very beautiful in it. When Mr. Brandon sees you later, he will definitely be dazzled." 
Aria Rowlett had a good figure. 
She was 1.7 meters tall, with a well-proportioned body, and her long legs were especially eye-catching.
###Chapter 1328: Chapter 1054: Feeling More and More Like Home
The dress she was wearing showed off all the good aspects of her figure. It was a simple design, but on her, it looked extraordinarily beautiful. 
Joanna, after listening to Ria’s words, smiled ambiguously. 
That guy, Brandon Heath... 
He had a veteran’s personality, hiding his emotions well. 
She felt that no matter how good she looked in her dress, he probably wouldn’t show much expression. 
* 
Aria Rowlett went downstairs with Lin Ria. 
As soon as they reached the bottom, they saw Brandon Heath coming in from outside. 
He was wearing a white shirt and black trousers. Although it was a very common outfit, it looked incredibly good on him. 
The man’s handsome and noble face was extraordinary. It wasn’t the clothes that made him look good; it was him that made the clothes look good. 
Looking at that chiseled and elegant face, Aria’s heartbeats accelerated little by little. 
Even now, she felt like she was dreaming. 
She couldn’t believe that she was actually dating Brandon Heath. 
The national heartthrob, Brandon Heath, was her boyfriend! 
Xiao Xiang, who many women dared not dream of, was now hers. 
For her, a fan of good looks, this was akin to reaching the ultimate goal in just one step. 
"Mr. Brandon," Ria looked at Aria’s stunned expression, and couldn’t help but chuckle, teasingly saying, "You got home so quickly, surprising Ms. Aria. You must have been driving pretty fast." 
He said it would take an hour to get home, but it only took forty minutes. 
His heart was truly set on returning home. 
She used to think that Mr. Brandon wouldn’t know how to be in a romantic relationship or take care of a girl. 
It turns out that some things are just innate for men. 
Now, it’s really good. Since Aria moved in, Mr. Brandon has been coming home more and more often. 
This house was finally starting to feel like a home. 
"Hmm." It was unclear whether Brandon didn’t catch Ria’s sarcasm or he just didn’t care. He looked at Aria and said, "It was a bit faster than usual, so Aria wouldn’t have to wait long." 
Ria was taken aback, then covered her mouth and started laughing. 
Her face was full of sweetness as she laughed, as if she was the one in love. 
"Mr. Brandon really takes good care of Ms. Aria." Seeing the two of them getting along so well, Ria was genuinely happy, her face full of gratified smiles. "I’ll go get some water for Mr. Brandon. Are you hungry? Would you like the kitchen to prepare some late-night snacks?" 
"No need." 
"Alright, I’ll go get the water." Ria found an excuse to leave, not wanting to be a third wheel. 
Brandon Heath’s cold eyes swept over Aria, his gaze lightly flickered, and he said softly, as if something was weighing on his throat, "This dress is in a nice color, making your skin look very fair." 
"You look great in it." 
Aria’s heart was still pounding from his previous words. 
Upon hearing his compliment, she was taken aback, and looked up in surprise. 
As soon as she looked up, she met the man’s ink-like deep eyes. 
Brandon Heath’s eyes seemed to contain a vast galaxy, and just one glance into them could easily make someone get lost inside. 
His voice was cold, not tender at all. 
But it was such a cold voice that said those words, making one’s heart flutter even more. 
Aria had thought Brandon Heath would be the kind of straight man who wouldn’t praise women at all. 
Unexpectedly, he actually complimented her dress, saying that the color suited her. 
If someone else had given her that compliment, Aria wouldn’t have felt too much about it.
###Chapter 1329: Chapter 1055: What’s Mine is Yours
The one praising her was Brandon Heath. 
Her face felt a bit hot, a blush seeping through her fair skin. She covered her face with her hand, somewhat embarrassed, and asked, "Really? You think I look...good in this dress?" 
"Mhm." 
Brandon Heath’s eyes held a look of appreciation. "This dress suits you very well." 
"You should buy more clothes like this." 
Aria Rowlett had a carefree personality, somewhat tomboyish in nature. 
Her usual attire was very casual, consisting mostly of T-shirts and jeans. 
She seldom bought more feminine clothes. 
It was a rare occasion for her to wear a dress, and it just so happened to be praised by Brandon Heath. 
She thought to herself, so Brandon Heath likes this kind of clothing style. She could buy more dresses in the future. 
Noticing that she wasn’t responding, Brandon thought for a moment, silently took out his wallet from his suit pants, and pulled out a card from it. 
He handed the prestige card to Aria Rowlett. 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She blinked her eyes, puzzled. "What is this...?" 
Brandon Heath pursed his lips. "Take it to buy clothes." 
"..." 
Just to buy clothes, and he’s giving her a prestige card? 
He had just given her a card not too long ago. 
"Brandon Heath, I don’t need it. I..." 
Before Aria could finish her refusal, his cool fingers grabbed her hand and placed the card in her palm. 
He met her wide-open eyes, his voice still clear and cold but with a hint of dominance. "Take it. What’s mine is yours; you can use it as you please." 
"Let me know if it’s not enough." 
"..." 
"Don’t refuse." 
"..." 
"Buy whatever you like, buy more; you don’t need to save money for me." 
"..." 
Brandon Heath didn’t continue to debate on this matter with her. After giving her the card, he proactively changed the subject, "Have you booked the movie tickets? What time are they? Can we leave now?" 
Looking down at the prestige card in her hand, still warm from his touch, Aria was at a loss for words. 
She thought to herself, indeed, poverty has limited her imagination. 
Rich people, they have stacks of prestige cards. 
She was just buying some clothes. 
And Brandon Heath gave her a prestige card. 
Was he expecting her to literally bring the entire mall’s worth of clothes back home? 
"Are you going out like this?" Aria silently sighed for a moment, thought about it, and decided to accept the card after all. 
Since her boyfriend was so wealthy and insisted on giving her a card to spend, wouldn’t it be a shame not to use it? 
This was Brandon Heath’s way of expressing his love for her. 
"What’s wrong?" Brandon Heath glanced at himself and found nothing inappropriate. He paused for a moment before humbly asking, "Is there a problem?"
"No problem." 
Aria shook her head, "It’s just, if you go out like this, won’t you be recognized? Shouldn’t you wear a mask or something when you go out?" 
Brandon Heath was different from Ashton Heath. 
He was practically a public figure, often appearing on television. 
Many people knew him. 
Aria had already prepared a mask and sunglasses for him. 
She turned around, picked up her bag from the couch, and took out the mask and sunglasses from her bag. Handing them to Brandon Heath, she said, "You should wear these. That way, no one will recognize you." 
"Also, are you sure you can really go to the movies with me? Don’t you need to clear the venue in advance or something?"
###Chapter 1330: Chapter 1056: He is so handsome
Tonight’s movie was something Aria Rowlett didn’t expect. 
She never thought that Brandon Heath would be willing to take the time to go to the movies with her. 
After all, he’s someone who’s focused on work. 
She thought even if he had spare time, he wouldn’t spend it on these meaningless things. 
So she just casually mentioned it at the time without holding much hope. 
Who would have thought, Brandon Heath actually agreed on the spot. 
Brandon took the sunglasses and mask Aria handed to him and seriously answered her question, "You don’t like reserved screenings, so let’s have our date in your preferred way. If you don’t like it when there are too many people, I can ask someone to clear the theater in advance." 
"No need," Aria felt her heart rate, which had just calmed down, accelerate again, "It’s nice when it’s crowded. I’m just worried about the impact it might have on you if we don’t reserve the theater." 
Brandon Heath chuckled softly. 
"Didn’t you prepare it for me already?" He looked at the sunglasses and mask in his hand, smiling slightly, "I haven’t been to a movie theater in years. It might be a great experience." 
Aria was still hesitating. 
A hand suddenly appeared in front of her eyes, and she looked up, startled. 
"Let’s go, take me to the movie," Brandon Heath extended a hand, a warm, gentle smile playing on his lips, "If we delay any longer, we’ll be late. I’ve been working overtime for several days just for tonight’s movie, so don’t let those extra hours go to waste." 
Aria Rowlett always thought that Brandon Heath was clueless in matters of the heart. 
So much so that even after they became boyfriend and girlfriend, their relationship didn’t develop further. 
They still maintained a normal friendship-like relationship. 
But at this moment, looking at the man’s outstretched hand, her previous thoughts changed. 
It turns out that Brandon Heath isn’t a clueless blockhead after all. 
He is actually very good at pleasing women. 
Aria’s lips slowly curved up as she gently placed her hand in his. 
Brandon Heath grasped her hand naturally. 
His dry, warm palm enveloped her small hand completely. Aria felt a jolt, as if she had been shocked by electricity. 
The current flowed from her palm to her heart. 
At that moment, her heart was also shocked. 
* 
The next morning, Joanna Lawrence got up early. 
After getting ready, she, Nina, and Andy went to the film crew together. 
One of the perks of having a male assistant was that he could carry all the big and small bags. 
Ashton Heath arranged for someone to pick her up and drop her off. 
They all arrived at the film crew in a Land Rover. As soon as Joanna got out of the car, she saw a black nanny car parked next to them. 
Two people got out of the car first. 
The last one to come out was Kelvin Norman, the new Male Lead 1 that Gary White found. 
Joanna had only seen Kelvin on TV before, and this was the first time she saw him in person. 
He was already handsome on TV. 
But in person, he was even better looking than on TV. 
He was the kind of man who exuded masculinity and was full of male charm. 
Nina was also a fan of Kelvin, and almost screamed when she saw him. 
"Wow, Joanna, it’s Kelvin!" Nina didn’t know that the new Male Lead 1 was Kelvin Norman. She covered her mouth in excitement to stop herself from screaming, "Joanna, why did Kelvin come to our film crew?" 
"Oh my God, he’s so handsome in person!" 
Joanna had already known that she would be performing opposing scenes with Kelvin.</p
###Chapter 1331: Chapter 1057: Ashton Heath is the Handsomest
Compared with Nina, she seemed calm, "Kelvin Norman is the Male Lead 1, of course, he’ll be on the film crew." 
"What?!" Nina widened her eyes, "Kelvin Norman is the Male Lead 1?" 
"Mhm." 
"Oh my goodness," Nina exclaimed once again, "Director White is incredible. He actually managed to get Kelvin Norman to play Male Lead 1. I wonder how he convinced Kelvin." 
The reason why Nina was so amazed was not because of Kelvin’s superstar status. 
It was well known in the industry that Kelvin usually didn’t take on TV series roles. 
In his early years, Kelvin had acted in a few TV series. 
But later on, his focus shifted mainly to the film industry. With his talent and good looks, not to mention his luck in finding great scripts and directors, he quickly rose to fame. 
After winning the Best Actor Award for one of his movies, he focused solely on the film industry. 
Over the years, he hadn’t filmed a single TV series. 
No matter how high the offer, he was never tempted. 
After all, he didn’t lack money now. 
So for Gary White to get Kelvin Norman to act in a TV series, it was quite impressive. 
Joanna Lawrence also wanted to know how Gary White convinced Kelvin Norman. 
"Joanna, should we go over and say hello?" Nina was definitely a true fan of Kelvin, as she looked at him with her whole body trembling in excitement. 
She hadn’t been this excited when she saw Maddox Allenson last time. 
Joanna was also considering whether to take the initiative and greet him. 
Since Kelvin was a senior and she had seen him, it seemed inappropriate not to say hello.
As Joanna hesitated, Kelvin seemed to notice something and suddenly turned his head to look at her. 
Joanna’s gaze met his, and hesitated for a moment before smiling and calling out from a few meters away, "Hello, senior." 
Kelvin immediately returned the greeting. 
He also smiled back at Joanna and nodded his head. 
Before Joanna could say anything, Nina, who was standing next to her, covered her mouth with starry eyes and whispered, "Kelvin is so handsome when he smiles, oh my god, my heart almost stopped beating just now." 
"I suddenly got the feeling of being in love." 
"I’ve even figured out the names of our future children already." 
Joanna: "..." 
She was glad that Nina’s voice was so small that Kelvin definitely couldn’t hear her. 
Joanna was a fan of Kelvin’s acting too, but she didn’t have many feelings for him as a person. 
Undeniably, Kelvin was incredibly handsome and exuded a masculine charm, somewhere between a young idol and a mature man – he could be flirtatious and gentlemanly, with great versatility. 
But in Joanna’s heart, of course, Ashton Heath was the most handsome. 
Setting aside her partner’s perspective, she thought that Kelvin still couldn’t compare to Ashton. 
Ashton’s face... probably only a few male celebrities in the entertainment industry could rival it, and even then, his aura outshined them all. No one could compare to his charisma... 
So... 
When Kelvin looked at Joanna, another man standing next to him also glanced at her. 
The man’s gaze lingered on Joanna for a few seconds before he frowned and tugged Kelvin’s arm, whispering something to him. 
During this time, Kelvin glanced at Joanna once more and quickly looked away. 
Afterward, the whole group left. 
* 
As Joanna had just joined the film crew, actors she had previously worked with came up and said hello, and passing crew members also took the initiative to greet her.
###Chapter 1332: Chapter 1058: They Became Real Siblings
Everyone knew about Joanna Lawrence revealing her boyfriend on her blog. 
Though no one knew Ashton Heath’s true identity yet, Yannick Luther and Frank Parker’s attention and reposts were enough to prove it. 
The fact that someone could hang out with Frank Parker and have a good relationship indicated that their status couldn’t be too low. 
Today, the film crew’s female actresses and staff were a bit excited. 
Kelvin Norman’s arrival had triggered a buzz. 
Kelvin Norman was different from Maddox Allenson. 
Maddox Allenson was a young idol-type artist with mostly young fans, so there were naturally fewer female artists who were his fans. 
But Kelvin Norman could win over both old and young fans. 
Not only did he have a large number of fans outside the circle, but he also had many female fans within it. 
Joanna noticed that several female actresses in the film crew were like Nina, with their excited faces turning red upon seeing Kelvin Norman, just like the typical reaction of a fan meeting their idol. 
In contrast, 
Joanna was the only one in the entire film crew who seemed relatively calm. 
After the female actresses greeted her, they all gathered around Kelvin Norman. 
Even Nina looked eager to join the crowd around him. 
"You women need to maintain some composure. It was so hard for me to bring Kelvin Norman to the film crew. If you scare him away like this, who will compensate me?" a teasing voice sounded. 
The female actresses who had gathered around Kelvin Norman saw the man walking towards them and quickly hid their infatuated expressions. 
"Director White." 
"Hello, Director White." 
It was Gary White who had approached them. 
Kelvin Norman stepped out of the group of women and, upon seeing Gary White, gave him a slight smile: "Director White, I didn’t expect the female actresses in your film crew to be so enthusiastic." 
With a corner of his lips curved up, Gary White replied: "They’re not usually this enthusiastic. Only someone like you would receive such treatment, Mr. Handsome. You truly have extraordinary charm." 
Gary White’s gaze shifted and landed on Joanna who stood behind him. 
He walked straight towards her. 
"Joanna, when did you arrive? Have you had breakfast?" Gary White looked at the girl who stood behind him, feeling somewhat indescribable. 
He had quite liked Joanna before, and he wished back then that she would be his sister. 
Now, his wishful thinking had turned into reality. 
The paternity test results had confirmed that Joanna was undoubtedly a member of the White family. 
They had truly become siblings. 
Although Joanna hadn’t agreed to return to the White family yet, the fact that they shared blood ties was unchangeable. 
No matter whether or not she agreed to return to the White family, she was his younger sister. 
Gary White had always wanted a younger sister. 
Not only had his wish come true now, but it turned out that the younger sister he’d been searching for over a decade had been found. Every time he saw Joanna now, he just wanted to be good to her. 
His sister should have been treated like a pampered daughter from the start. 
Although she hadn’t had a terrible experience in the past, her life had certainly not been great either. 
When she thought about the lives those well-bred ladies had led from childhood to adulthood, and then thought about Joanna, Gary White felt heartache. 
She couldn’t change the past. 
All he could do now was be a little nicer to Joanna, and then even nicer still. 
He would do everything he could for his younger sister, making up for the regrets of the past. 
Their feelings were mixed; not only Gary White felt that way, but Joanna did too. 
Before, she had called Mr. White so naturally. 
But now, her real older brother was standing in front of her, and for a moment, she didn’t know what to call him.
###Chapter 1333: Chapter 1059: I Hope You Can Take Good Care of Her
Calling him "Mr. White" seemed a bit inappropriate now. 
But calling him brother right now... 
Seeing her silence, Bai Yusheng could also guess what she was thinking. 
He took the initiative to break the awkwardness: "If you haven’t had breakfast, the film crew has prepared some. I can have someone take you. Did you not have a good rest last night? If you’re not feeling well, we can start work later, and you can rest for a while longer." 
As Bai Yusheng spoke, the faces of the people around showed surprise. 
When they looked at Joanna Lawrence again, their eyes were somewhat different. 
No one had ever heard Bai Yusheng accommodate an actor like this. 
Even the starting time of the shoot could be changed to allow the actor to rest better. 
Perhaps not even Kelvin Norman would receive such treatment. 
As for this Joanna Lawrence... 
There were some people who said she was related to Gary White, something like a distant cousin, but even then he shouldn’t be accommodating her to this extent. 
Only if she were his younger sister would it be more understandable! 
Even Kelvin Norman, had a look of surprise in his eyes, and turned to take a glance at Joanna. 
"No need, I had a good night’s sleep and have already eaten breakfast. Director White, we’ll be starting soon, right? I should go and review the script." Others might not have known why Bai Yusheng was treating her so well, but Joanna did, of course. 
Feeling the odd glances from those around her, she nodded at Bai Yusheng and then turned to walk away. 
Kelvin Norman followed Bai Yusheng’s gaze, looking at Joanna as she left, before withdrawing his gaze. He looked thoughtful for a moment before speaking: "I heard before joining the TV series that Ms. Joanna is Director White’s distant cousin? It seems like Director White really takes care of his cousin." 
Kelvin Norman didn’t like nepotism. 
After finding out that Joanna was a product of nepotism, he didn’t even want to participate in this TV series. 
However, he owed Bai Yusheng a favor. 
In addition, he was very clear about the quality of Director White’s TV series, so he had no reason to refuse when Bai Yusheng invited him. 
But though he came, he still harbored dissatisfaction towards Joanna being a product of nepotism. 
Kelvin Norman had encountered many such persons when he was not yet as famous. 
They were all just pretty faces without any acting skills, relying on eye drops for crying scenes and showing little facial expression throughout. 
No matter how unhappy he was, his fame left him with no choice but to accept it. 
But those years, he had been tormented enough. 
So now he kept his distance from products of nepotism. 
Seeing Joanna’s appearance, he almost became certain that she would be one of those vase-like people with no acting skills at all. 
If it weren’t for repaying the favor, he would have already left the film crew by now. 
Bai Yusheng also withdrew his gaze. He looked at Kelvin Norman, curved his lips and asked directly: "What, are you worried that I might abuse my power and give you a beautiful but talentless partner for your opposing scenes?" 
Kelvin Norman was taken aback, not expecting Bai Yusheng to be so blunt. He said awkwardly: "How could that be? I have nothing to worry about with the people you arrange." 
"Just put your heart at ease." Bai Yusheng patted him on the shoulder and spoke about Joanna with a hint of pride in his eyes, "Joanna is definitely not the vase you think she is. Her acting skills may not be as polished as a seasoned actor, but for a newcomer, she’s already very good." 
"Kelvin Norman, you are her senior and professional in acting. I hope you can guide her well. If she doesn’t understand something, you can teach her."
###Chapter 1334: Chapter 1060: His Younger Sister, That’s All There Is To It
"Joanna is very smart and learns quickly. She definitely won’t be a headache for you." 
Kelvin Norman looked at him with some surprise. 
Gary White really cared about his cousin. 
Gary rarely asked Kelvin for help, but he went out of his way to say these words for his cousin. 
His younger sister couldn’t have expected more. 
Although Kelvin had an aversion to nepotism like Joanna in his heart, he didn’t show it on his face, nodding: "Alright, I will." 
* 
Joanna reviewed the script, and soon someone came over to take her to the Makeup Room for makeup and costume changes. 
She now had her own makeup room and makeup artist. 
She was already very familiar with the first few scenes of the TV series. 
She had read the script several times before and had practiced with Maddox Allenson, so the first scene went smoothly. 
All the shots basically went through at once. 
As for acting skills, Kelvin was a better actor than Maddox, and that was evident in the various nuances of his performance; him winning three Best Actor Awards at such a young age was not an exaggeration. 
He really had talent. 
Joanna had great comprehension, and if she could have a seasoned actor lead her, she would perform even better. 
When she played the opposing scene with Maddox, Gary already felt that her performance was quite good. 
But acting with Kelvin, her performance was even better than before. 
Kelvin knew how to guide newcomers very well. 
It was just that he didn’t like to do it and had no obligation to do it. 
But because of Gary’s words beforehand, he took the initiative to guide Joanna. 
At first, Kelvin was a bit reluctant, but soon he discovered that Joanna’s performance was completely different from what he had imagined. 
Not only did she show no signs of being a mere pretty face, but she was also a very talented and insightful newcomer. 
As Gary had said, her acting skills were not as seasoned as the older actors and there were traces of her inexperience, but she had a kind of spirituality that Kelvin hadn’t seen in many years. 
There is a difference between knowing how to act and being a natural at it. 
Many people are willing to learn the former, and with hard work, they have a chance to become good at it. 
But the latter is innate. 
If it wasn’t there at the beginning, it would never be there. 
It’s not something that can be gained simply through effort. 
In other words, actors with spirituality are born to be in this business. 
After several scenes, Kelvin had completely changed his initial prejudice against Joanna. From the initial disdain, he was now full of admiration and appreciation for her talent.
He had acted in opposing scenes with many actresses before. 
Even Courtney Beeston, who was unanimously regarded as the best acting talent among the younger actresses, didn’t possess the level of spirituality Joanna had. 
Joanna was still a newcomer, but she was already performing so well. 
One can only imagine how bright her future would be. 
With Gary’s support, her acting skills, and her stunning looks, it would be a miscarriage of justice if she didn’t become a star. 
"Good, cut! Thanks, the scene came out very well, it’s exactly the feel I wanted." Another scene finished, Gary White looked at the playback on the screen, his eyes filled with satisfaction. 
He got up and walked towards the two actors in the center of the set. 
"That’s it for this morning’s shooting. Kelvin, thank you. You’ve guided Joanna very well. Today’s film shooting turned out much better than I had expected. I’m very satisfied." 
The results of today’s shooting were even better than Gary White had anticipated.
###Chapter 1335: Chapter 1061: Take Your Time to Adjust Your Mentality
No need to mention Kelvin Norman, his skills have always been there. 
It’s mainly Joanna Lawrence’s performance that has Gary White feeling very pleasantly surprised. 
Not to mention Joanna is his sister, even if she wasn’t, he would still praise her. 
"Director White, you’re too kind." Kelvin Norman finally looked directly at Joanna Lawrence, and his smile became much more sincere, "It’s not that I worked well with her, but that Ms. Joanna really acted well. I didn’t expect this collaboration to be so enjoyable." 
"Ms. Joanna, I hope our cooperation will continue to improve. You did a great job, and it surprised me a lot. Keep up the good work, and your future will be limitless." 
Joanna could also feel that Kelvin’s attitude was not as indifferent as it was at the beginning. 
Receiving acknowledgement and praise from her idol made her very happy. She quickly replied, "Thank you for guiding me so much, acting with you has allowed me to learn a lot. I’m also looking forward to our future collaboration. Please continue to teach me." 
"I wouldn’t say I’m guiding you, but if you have any questions, you can ask me, and I’ll tell you what I know." 
"Director White, I’ll leave first then. See you in the afternoon." 
After saying that, Kelvin Norman left. 
Gary White had his assistant inform the other staff members to break for lunch. After the assistant left, he looked at Joanna and said, "Joanna, you did really well today, better than I expected. Seeing your progress, I’m genuinely happy for you." 
Joanna pursed her lips, "Thank you, Mr. White, for giving me this opportunity. Kelvin performed so well that he brought out the best in me." 
It was Gary White’s ulterior motive for casting Kelvin Norman in this TV series. 
His ulterior motive was to promote Joanna. 
As a newcomer, Joanna acting opposite a best actor like Kelvin Norman without being overshadowed, she would easily become popular once the TV series is aired. 
Now it seems that casting Kelvin was a good choice. 
"The opportunity is also something you earned yourself. If you didn’t perform well, you wouldn’t have gotten your current role." 
"Anyway, I still want to thank you." 
"Joanna, do you still need to be so polite with me?" Gary White paused before saying, "We are family. You don’t need to be so formal with me. I know that you can’t accept having so many new family members all of a sudden. You don’t need to feel any psychological burden. If you feel uncomfortable, we can still treat each other the way we did before." 
"I’m sorry, Mr. White, but I..." Joanna bit her lip and hesitated, then slowly said, "I am trying to accept this situation. Will you give me some more time?" 
"Sure." Gary White patted her head gently and said warmly, "There’s no rush. You can take your time to adjust. Joanna, for the White family, being able to find you has already been a great surprise and consolation. We can take care of everything else slowly." 
Gary White’s attitude made Joanna feel more relaxed. 
The pressure in her heart didn’t seem as heavy anymore. 
She liked the White family members. 
However, she still needed some time to accept them as her own family. 
"Do you want to have lunch together?" Gary White glanced at the time, "We can discuss the scenes for the afternoon." 
Joanna was just about to reply when she heard the phone in Gary White’s pocket ring. 
He took it out, saw the caller ID, looked up at Joanna, and answered the call. 
"Yes, Mom. We just finished work and are going to have lunch."
###Chapter 1336: Chapter 1062: She Sneaked Over Here Without Telling Me
"What, you’re here? It’s so hot outside, why didn’t you just stay home? Why did you come here?" 
"Where are you now? Okay, I got it. I’ll come to you right away." 
"Alright, I know. I’ll bring her with me." 
A moment later, Gary White hung up the phone. 
He had a helpless look on his face: "Joanna, Mom’s here."
"Madam White is here?" Joanna Lawrence was surprised. 
"Yeah, she said she couldn’t stop worrying about you, so she had to come in person. She’s arriving at the film crew’s location any minute now." Gary White had a headache talking about this. "She mentioned it to me yesterday, saying that no one is taking care of you here on your own, and she couldn’t stop worrying. She wanted to come with me to take care of you." 
"I didn’t expect her to sneak here today after I refused her yesterday." 
"Joanna, I know there are some things you can’t accept yet. But Mom has been looking for you all these years. Every time she talks about you, she blames herself and feels guilty. She always says she’ll make it up to you if she ever finds you. So, please try to understand why she acts this way." 
"She can’t control it herself. It’s because she loves you so much and feels guilty for not being there for you that she wants to make it up to you, so..." 
"Mr. White, I can understand." Joanna thought for a moment and said, "Then I’ll go with you to meet Madam White." 
Madam White flew from Closia to Frankfurt just to see her. 
No matter what, she ought to go and meet her. 
Besides, she didn’t feel repulsed by Madam White herself. She was just at a loss about how to face her for the time being. 
* 
Gary White had a private break room. 
When Madam White arrived at the TV series’ crew, she was taken to the break room by someone. 
Gary White brought Joanna with him, and as soon as the two of them opened the door and entered, Madam White immediately saw Joanna and got up from the sofa. 
"Joanna." Madam White acted as if they hadn’t seen each other for a long time, even though it hadn’t been that long. She excitedly grabbed Joanna’s hand and looked at her with teary eyes. 
"Mom, what are you doing?" Gary White didn’t understand the tears in her eyes, "I brought Joanna here, didn’t I? Why are you crying now?" 
"I just want to cry." 
Madam White glared at Gary White, then whined like a little girl: "I had a dream last night. I dreamt that Joanna was taken away and hidden by someone. I searched everywhere but couldn’t find her." 
"The dream felt too real, and I was scared that Joanna would actually be taken away. It was so hard for our family to find her again, and if she were hidden away by someone else, where would we go to look for her?" 
Gary White: "..." 
His mother seemed to care too much, to the point of developing anxieties. 
He couldn’t help but smile, and walked over to gently pat Madam White on the shoulder: "Mom, it’s just a dream, and dreams are often the opposite of reality. Besides, who would dare kidnap someone from the White family?" 
Madam White still had tears in her eyes, and she couldn’t take her eyes off of Joanna: "I don’t care. I’m staying by Joanna’s side to take care of her. She’s here filming all by herself, with no one to take care of her food and living conditions. How can I feel at ease?" 
Gary White: "..." 
"Mom, are you planning on staying here for a while? Please don’t joke around." 
"Who’s joking?" Madam White glared at Gary White again and tightened her grip on Joanna’s hand. "Joanna has become so thin. The life on set is so hard. I need to take good care of her."
###Chapter 1337: Chapter 1063: Even He Doesn’t Have This Treatment
"Oh right, Joanna, wait a moment." 
Madam White seemed to suddenly remember something, let go of her hand, turned around and walked to the coffee table, taking out a thermos from a bag. 
While twisting open the cap, she said: "I made you some soup this morning, it’s especially nutritious. I know as an actress you need to maintain your figure, you can’t have too greasy food, I made sure to drain all the excess oil from it. This soup is not greasy at all." 
"Drink some while it’s still hot." 
As the lid was opened, the soup from within was still piping hot. 
An enticing aroma wafted out. 
Madam White ladled out a bowl of soup, handed it to Joanna, as if she was worried about it being too hot, blew on it before giving it to her. 
Gary White: "...." 
Even he never received such treatment. 
Fortunately, she was his sister, so he was not jealous. 
After all, he also wanted to hold this sister of his in the palm of his hand and pamper her. 
Madam White’s series of actions left Joanna at a loss for how to respond, she quickly reached out and took the bowl of soup. 
"You put it on the table to drink, don’t burn your hand." Madam White’s gaze never left Joanna, having found her daughter after more than ten years. She felt like no matter how much she saw of her, it wasn’t enough. 
Her Cecilia, she grew up to be so beautiful. 
When she was little, she looked especially beautiful, just like a doll. Now grown up, she’s an unmatched beauty, just like a fairy. 
That youngster from the Heath family really moved fast. 
Cecilia is not even twenty yet, and he has already married her. 
Although the family background of the Heath family is absolutely on par with the White family, both of the boys from that Heath family are extremely outstanding. No matter which son of the Heath family marries Cecilia, it is a perfect match. Even if Cecilia got married early, she didn’t marry the wrong person. 
Nonetheless, Madam White hated to have her precious baby daughter married off so early. 
She would have preferred her to stay unmarried for another five or six years. 
She didn’t want her baby to get married so early. 
Even if she was marrying one of the boys from the Heath family, she was still a bit dissatisfied. 
At least Gary said that the boy from the Heath family treated Cecilia well, pampered her very much. Otherwise, her heart would even hurt more. 
While Joanna held the bowl of soup made by Madam White, she couldn’t help but be deeply touched. 
Madam White made soup and brought it all the way from Closia to Frankfurt... 
There was no denying it, Madam White really cherished her daughter.
Since Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence passed away, Joanna hadn’t felt such warmth from a family member. 
Benjamin had been good to her, but with Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence around, favouritism was unavoidable. 
They couldn’t all be treated equally. 
But she could feel that Madam White truly loved her, this love was the same as what her mother felt for her. 
Thinking of her departed mother, Joanna’s eyes turned red. 
She wasn’t heartless. 
She could feel it when others were good to her. 
"Madam White, thank you..." Joanna bit her lip, raising her head, tears glistening in her eyes, "Actually, you didn’t have to go through all the trouble. The food here from the film crew is quite good, you don’t have to worry." 
"What trouble." 
Madam White had a happily satisfied smile on her face: "Making soup for my own daughter, how can that be troublesome. As long as you enjoy it, I feel very happy, it’s all worth it. If you like it, I don’t mind making soup everyday." 
"How good can the food from the film crew be, I’ve been to these places before. At most, it can fill you up, and that’s about it. The meals there are hardly nutritious. Quickly drink your soup. I’ve made reservations at a restaurant, we’ll go out for a meal in a bit."
###Chapter 1338: Chapter 1064: You are now Mom’s precious baby bump.
Madam White had come to understand now. 
She wouldn’t force Joanna to accept her or not. 
Whether she accepts her as a mother or not, she has decided to acknowledge this daughter. 
For her, being able to find her daughter in her lifetime is already a great blessing from heaven. 
From now on, she’ll do her utmost to make up for it. 
Compared to that, though Joanna hasn’t acknowledged her yet, her attitude towards her isn’t bad, and she’s willing to accept her kindness. 
It’s much better than resenting and blaming her, or not forgiving her. 
With this thought, Madam White felt suddenly refreshed. 
Under Madam White’s tender and loving gaze, Joanna picked up the soup and slowly sipped it. 
"How is it? Is it tasty?" Madam White asked. 
"Mmm, it’s delicious." Joanna kindly finished the bowl of soup. 
"If you like it, I’ll make it for you every day." Madam White’s eyebrows and eyes were full of joy. 
Joanna hesitated, wanting to say that it wasn’t necessary, but when she looked up into Madam White’s eyes filled with joy and tender affection, she couldn’t say it out loud. 
For her, it’s a troublesome matter. 
But for Madam White, cooking for her own daughter should be a very happy thing, right? 
If she refused, Madam White would be disappointed instead. 
* 
At lunchtime, Madam White kept putting food on Joanna’s plate. 
She kept saying Joanna was too thin and needed to eat more. 
She also told Gary White not to film too late, and not to let Joanna stay up for the film shooting.
Even Gary couldn’t help but complain: "Mom, aren’t you being too biased? I used to film until the early morning, but I never saw you worrying about me, telling me not to film too late. So it turns out that I, your son, am not your biological child?" 
Ever since Joanna came, it seemed like Madam White only had her daughter in her eyes and not Gary. 
"You’re a man, what’s there to worry about," Madam White was simply biased to the extreme, having a daughter made her look at her son with all kinds of disfavour, "it’s normal for a man to be tired and work hard. As a grown man, do you want to whine about these things?" 
"Joanna is a girl, and what girl isn’t delicate? Girls are born to be pampered and cherished. Joanna is your sister, and you’re actually jealous of her." 
Gary: "..." 
"Did you hear what I just said?" Madam White glared at him, "Don’t film too late and tire Joanna out." 
Gary, feeling helpless, said, "Mom, sometimes I can’t help it when there’s a need to rush the progress." 
"I don’t care whether you’re rushing or not," Madam White said authoritatively, "you just can’t tire Joanna out." 
Gary: "..." 
Women can be unreasonably aggressive regardless of age. 
He sighed softly and looked at Joanna: "Joanna, you’re mom’s precious baby now. I have no place in this family anymore." 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh at the scene. 
After finishing the meal, her feelings for Madam White and Gary had become much closer. 
After all, they were somewhat related by blood. 
A momentary discomfort doesn’t mean it will last forever. 
The people next to her, one her biological mother and the other her biological brother, were so kind to her; it’s impossible not to feel anything. 
Madam White felt it too. 
Joanna was closer to her than before.
###Chapter 1339: Chapter 1065 There is no way to stop her now
She felt that this trip was really a waste of time. 
And it also strengthened her resolve to stay in Frankfurt to take care of her daughter. 
She had already missed out on some things for more than ten years, and she wouldn’t let it continue. 
"Mom, can you go back now? Joanna and I are going back to the film crew soon, and we won’t have time to accompany you. You don’t have many friends here either, so you’ll be bored staying here. It’s better to go back." 
Gary White was not at all reassured about Madam White staying here. 
His mother had always been pampered, raised in luxury since childhood, and marrying into the White family also kept her hands clean. 
There were always a bunch of servants waiting on her at home. 
Coming here couldn’t compare to being at home. 
However, Madam White was determined to be a good mother: "I’m not going back, I want to stay and take care of Joanna. I can’t trust her to be left here alone." 
Gary White was troubled: "How can Joanna be here alone? Isn’t there me? Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of her." 
"You’re a grown man now, and you can’t even take care of yourself. So how can you take care of your sister? Don’t say any more; I’ve already decided to stay. I’ve already found a place to stay, and you don’t have to worry about it." 
"Mom..." 
Gary White, realizing that he couldn’t persuade Madam White, could only turn to Joanna for help: "Joanna, please try to persuade Mom. I can’t convince her. Now, I guess only your words can work, and she will listen." 
Joanna also felt that it was worrying for Madam White to stay here. 
She thought for a moment and said softly: "Madam White, both Gary and I are usually busy at the TV series set all day. If you stay here alone, we won’t be able to take care of you, and we’ll worry about you." 
"Please listen to Gary and go back first." 
"If you miss me, you can call me or have a video call with me." 
"Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of myself. Once the film shooting is over, I’ll go visit you with Gary." 
"But I don’t trust you." Madam White held Joanna’s hand, her eyes full of love, "I know filming is tiring and hard, but I can stay here and take care of you. I’m not a child anymore; I can take care of myself. You go ahead with your work, and don’t worry about me." 
"If I go back, I can only see you on a video call, which isn’t as good as it is now." 
"Don’t you like me staying here because I’m bothering you?" 
"Madam White, no..." 
Joanna didn’t know what to do with Madam White, so she looked at Gary White with pleading eyes. 
Gary White also felt helpless: "Mom, we’ll be filming here for several months. You can’t stay here all this time, right? In a while, Dad will be back. Are you going to leave him alone in Closia?" 
Madam White was silent for a moment, then frowned and said, "So before your Dad comes back, I can stay here, right?" 
Gary White: "..." 
Forget it. 
He felt that he couldn’t do anything about Madam White. 
She had just acknowledged her daughter, and being overwhelmed with excitement, her maternal instincts were overflowing, always wanting to do something for her daughter. 
There was no stopping her now. 
They could only arrange for more people to be with her later. 
* 
After lunch, they returned to the film crew. 
Once they were back, Madam White separated from them. 
In the car, 
Gary White worried that Joanna might find Madam White too clingy, so he explained to her: "Joanna, if Mom’s behavior has caused you any trouble,"
###Chapter 1340: Chapter 1066: He Must Be Feeling the Pressure
"I apologize on her behalf. I told her not to come, but she..." 
"I’ll talk to her properly when we get off work tonight and ask her to leave tomorrow." 
"Mr. White, if Madam White wants to stay, please let her stay," said Joanna thoughtfully. "Actually, I can understand Madam White’s feelings. She hasn’t caused me any trouble. I just don’t feel safe leaving her alone here." 
"You really don’t mind?" 
"No, I don’t. You and Madam White have been so kind to me; you are like... my family. Why would I mind you being nice to me? Actually, I’m really touched and happy. Mr. White, thank you and Madam White for making me feel the warmth of home again." 
"What nonsense." Gary White paused and patted her head. "Since you said we are like your family, why be so formal with us? You’re my sister; if I don’t treat you well, who will I treat well?" 
"I used to think how nice it would be if you were my sister. I never thought you’d really become my sister now." Gary White looked at her tenderly and spoke softly. "I look forward to the day when you can call me ’brother’." 
"Joanna, I’m glad you could be my sister." 
Joanna was moved and looked up: "Mr. White..." 
"No rush." Gary White smiled and patted her head again, his eyes filled with affection. "I’ll keep waiting. I believe I won’t have to wait too long." 
* 
The afternoon filming went as smoothly as ever. 
Even when there were NG shots, they were NG at most twice. 
For the shots without NG, they were already well filmed, but Gary White pursued perfection and wanted to shoot even better, so he asked for an NG reshoot.
Kelvin Norman and Joanna were getting better and better at cooperating. 
The scenes in the afternoon were even better than those in the morning. 
Kelvin’s prejudices against Joanna had long vanished. 
Without looking at people with prejudice, he found that Joanna was actually a very cute girl. She didn’t rely on her relationship with Gary White to show off in the film crew. She was very polite to both the actors she worked with and the crew members. 
What satisfied Kelvin most was that Joanna was a very intelligent student. 
With many things, he had to explain seven or eight times to others before they understood his meaning. 
But with Joanna, just one explanation was enough. 
With such a junior, Kelvin had the desire to support her. 
Because the male lead was changed, the official Blog announced the news again. 
When netizens found out that Kelvin Norman had taken a TV series and was acting in opposing scenes with Joanna, they all became agitated. 
Some admired Kelvin’s handsome new look in the drama. 
But more attacked Joanna and expressed extreme dissatisfaction. 
Previously, Maddox Allenson as Male Lead 1 acting with Joanna, a newcomer, had already made many people very unhappy. 
Now that it’s changed to Kelvin Norman, his fans wish they could bash Joanna’s head in. 
"What the hell! For promoting Joanna, they make our Kelvin, a movie star, act in a TV series? And he’s playing with a D-list celebrity? I can’t believe..." 
"I feel like Kelvin must have been forced to take this role. He must be under pressure to be in this TV series." 
"In order to promote that shameless newcomer, they first found Maddox Allenson to make her popular,
###Chapter 1341: Chapter 1067: As if Forced to Send by Someone
In the end, she even caused Maddox Allenson to be injured and withdrawn from the circle for a year. Now she’s found Kelvin Norman to make her popular again? She better not ruin him with her bad luck. If anything happens to him because of her, I’ll never let her go." 
"I really don’t know the background of Joanna Lawrence’s sugar daddy. Everyone knows that Kelvin hasn’t taken any TV series for years, and now he’s making an exception for her. For a respectable Best Actor to become her foil, she really is awesome. Poor Kelvin has to play against her, who is just a vase. Hmph, no matter how much they promote a vase with no talent, she can’t become popular." 
"Joanna Lawrence is really disgusting. Poor Kelvin has to act with her, who is just a vase. Doesn’t she have some awesome boyfriend? Why doesn’t she do something else instead of joining the entertainment industry?" 
Comments bashing Joanna filled the Official Announcement Blog. 
During the intermission, Kelvin was browsing the blog on his phone. 
He has a dedicated team to manage his blog, and most of the time, the team operates the content. 
But sometimes, he logs in to check it out himself. 
Occasionally, he would post a few blog entries on his own. 
Actually, Kelvin quite enjoyed playing with blogs. 
He registered an alt account, and would check it out during his free time. 
He was now logged into his alt account. 
As soon as he opened the blog, he saw a familiar name on the hot search column. 
#JoannaLawrenceGetOutOfTheEntertainmentIndustry# 
#KelvinNormanJoannaLawrence# 
#KelvinNormanSuspectedOfBeingThreatened, Taking TVSeriesOnlyForHerToStealTheSpotlight# 
Seeing his name on the hot search, Kelvin clicked to check it out. 
Then he saw the Official Announcement Blog post, clicked into the comments section, and saw that they were all bashing Joanna. 
Netizens were guessing that he had been threatened and had no choice but to accept this TV series. 
And the one threatening him was Joanna’s boyfriend. 
As a result, Joanna was being scolded relentlessly. 
After reading only a few hot comments, Kelvin frowned. 
As someone directly involved, he knew the truth behind the matter. 
Who could force him to do something he didn’t want to do? 
The whole incident had nothing to do with Joanna, yet she was being scolded like this because of him. 
Kelvin couldn’t stand it any longer. 
Not to mention he quite appreciated Joanna now, even if he didn’t like her, he wouldn’t be indifferent after seeing this situation. 
He thought for a moment, logged out of his alt account, and logged into his main account. 
Using his main account, he shared the Official Announcement Blog post. 
KelvinV: I’m very much looking forward to this collaboration. Director White is a director I have always admired, so when he came to me with the script, I accepted this TV series without hesitation. The facts prove that my decision was correct. Although the Female Lead 1 is a newcomer, she performed very well and it was very enjoyable playing against her. I was amazed by the details and comprehension shown in her performance, and I believe the trailer will surprise everyone during post-production. 
One minute after Kelvin shared the blog post, there were more than twenty thousand comments. 
Hot comments were still bashing Joanna. 
"This response from Kelvin, why do I feel like he was forced to post it?" 
"I also have this feeling." 
"Haha, Joanna just got scolded in the trending post, and Kelvin comes out to defend her. I don’t believe Kelvin voluntarily posted this." 
"Kelvin’s share seems like an attempt to refute rumors. Maybe he really was forced to post it."
###Chapter 1342: Chapter 1968: It seems to me that they want to block you.
"Kelvin Norman, have you seen our comments? Can you respond? Are you being threatened? Don’t be afraid, our army of millions of fans will stand up for you." 
Kelvin Norman replied to one of his fans: I have known Director White for many years and we are good friends. We admire each other, and that’s why we could make this collaboration happen. Nobody is forcing me, and nobody can force me. My fans are sensible and rational, and I hope that no innocents are harmed. I rarely praise newcomers, but Joanna Lawrence’s performance really surprised me, and acting opposite her is a kind of enjoyment. When the finished production is released, I believe that everyone will definitely agree with me. 
Kelvin Norman indeed, rarely praises any newcomers. 
He might be forced by pressure to take on this TV series. 
But if he didn’t truly admire Joanna Lawrence, he wouldn’t praise her like this. 
His fans, the majority of them, are very sensible people. Among those who set the tone today, not all of them are his fans. 
After reading Kelvin Norman’s explanation, the fans’ anger slowly subsided. 
The reason they were so angry was that they thought Kelvin Norman was forced into taking on the TV series. 
But now that he’s clarified, knowing it’s not what they thought, they all gradually stopped attacking Joanna Lawrence. 
However, they are still skeptical about Kelvin Norman’s praise for Joanna Lawrence. 
Even if Joanna Lawrence is not just a pretty face, how good can her acting skills be? 
What Kelvin Norman said must just be public rhetoric. 
* 
The Lawrence family. 
Annie Lawrence received several phone calls in a row. 
They were all from brands that she had already signed contracts with. 
Everyone who called her, was calling for the same thing: contract termination. 
Garret Twain also called her, telling her that he needed to reconsider about her signing with HE Company. 
But before this, Garret Twain had clearly promised her that he would let her sign with HE Company. 
After Annie Lawrence received another call asking to terminate the contract with her, she finally realized that something was wrong. 
Brands terminating contracts on their own have to pay a substantial breach of contract fee. 
"Ms. Joanna, we’re very sorry. We will compensate you according to the amount stipulated in the contract." 
Annie Lawrence’s face turned extremely pale as she held her phone tightly: "Why are you terminating the contract? You need to give me a reason if you want to terminate the contract with me." 
"Weren’t we working together really well? We just signed the contract a few days ago, so why are you terminating it now?" 
"Ms. Joanna..." Her question seemed to put the other party in a difficult position. There was a pause on the other end of the line before a sigh came through, "Ms. Joanna, since we have been working together for so long, I will tell you the truth." 
"Actually, it’s not that we want to terminate the contract with you, but we have no choice. Heath Group is not something we can afford to offend. Someone there said that anyone who dares to work with you is against Heath Group. We are just a small company and we really can’t afford to offend Heath Group." 
"Heath Group?!" 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna, how did you offend the people at Heath Group? It seems that they intend to block you." 
After the call, Annie Lawrence’s face became pale as a sheet. 
She had already guessed something. 
Ever since she left the White family’s house that day, she had been worried about how the White family would treat her. 
Now, her punishment had finally arrived. 
They wanted to block her. 
For an artist, being blocked is undoubtedly the most severe punishment. 
Artists who are blocked may not even have as good a life as ordinary people.
###Chapter 1343: Chapter 1969: This Matter Is Not As Easy As She Thought!
For Annie Lawrence, a first-line artist like her, being blocked would undoubtedly mean falling from heaven to hell. 
She is a celebrity. 
If she can’t continue to work in the entertainment industry, she’ll have to look for other jobs. 
But Annie Lawrence doesn’t know how to do anything else. 
Even if she could, getting a regular job would be too embarrassing for her. 
The door to her room was pushed open. 
Rose Liall walked in with a worried expression on her face, "Annie, why hasn’t that little bitch Joanna Lawrence taken any action yet? Maybe we’re overthinking this, maybe she never meant to get revenge on us." 
Of course, Rose Liall knew about Annie’s failed impersonation. 
Aside from regret, she was more concerned about Joanna’s revenge. 
For the past few days, both mother and daughter have been on edge. 
As soon as Rose Liall pushed open the door and entered the bedroom, Annie was sitting by the bed, her face pale white. 
She hesitated, then hurried over, "What happened? Did something happen? Did that little bitch Joanna Lawrence do something?" 
With clenched lips and intense hatred in her eyes, Annie looked up at Rose, "Mom, that bitch wants to block me." 
"What did you say?" Rose’s face changed as she became more nervous, "How did you find out?" 
Annie told Rose about the termination of contract calls she had received. 
Upon hearing this, Rose’s face changed once more. 
The Lawrence family has been struggling year by year. 
As for Benjamin, Rose had long given up hope on him. 
Now, her only hope was her daughter. 
After all, no matter what, her daughter was a celebrity, and her ability to make money wasn’t bad at all. 
It was enough to support her carefree lifestyle for the rest of her life. 
But if Annie really gets blocked and can no longer work in the industry, how could she maintain her current lifestyle?. 
That little bitch Joanna wants to cut off their livelihood! 
Rose’s face darkened, teeth clenched, "What a cruel heart that little bitch has. You’re her sister, yet she wants to utterly destroy you. She needs to remember that without the Lawrence family taking her in, she wouldn’t be where she is today." 
"Now that her life is comfortable, she wants us to be uncomfortable. But it won’t be easy for her!" 
Annie also had a face full of anger and gritted teeth, "But she’s not the same person she used to be after being acknowledged by the White family. She wants to block me, and I can’t stop it." 
Either the White family or the Heath family could easily block her. 
That little bitch is still connected to both of these families now. 
Annie is both resentful and fearful of Joanna. 
She hates Joanna to the core, wishing she would die immediately. 
Yet, she fears Joanna’s retaliation against her. 
"So what?" Rose clenched her teeth and sneered, "The Lawrence family has been good to her, but she treats you like this. She’s an ungrateful wretch. I’m going to confront her and ask her why she’s treating you like this." 
"And as for the White family, the Lawrence family has been good to them too. If it wasn’t for your dad adopting that little bitch, she might be dead by now. If they dare treat you badly, I’ll make sure this story ends up in the news!" 
"Let’s see if they still care about their reputation!" 
"Mom, I..." Thinking of Ashton Heath and Gary White, Annie still felt a bit scared. 
"Anyway, the Lawrence family is already like this, and you’re being blocked by that little bitch. What else do you have to be afraid of? If she doesn’t want us to have a good life, she shouldn’t expect one either."
###Chapter 1344: Chapter 1970: You’re Finally Willing to Come Out
"Mom, then, then what should we do?" 
"Go and find that little bitch! If she dares to block your career, I won’t let her get away with it!" 
* 
The afternoon scenes went smoothly, and because of the first day of filming went exceptionally well, the progress has been very good. 
They even managed to finish filming the originally planned evening scene ahead of time. 
Before six in the evening, Gary White wrapped up work and let everyone go home. 
"Joanna, where are you staying now? I can give you a ride." Joanna Lawrence had changed her clothes in the locker room and saw Gary White waiting outside as she came out. 
Just as she was about to reply, a crew member approached. 
"Director White." The crew member first respectfully greeted Gary White, then turned his head to Joanna and said, "Ms. Joanna, there’s someone outside looking for you, they said they’re your family." 
"My family?" Joanna was stunned, her eyes showing confusion. 
Ashton Heath was the first person she thought of.
But she felt that if Ashton had come, he should have come directly to the film crew to find her. 
There was no need for him to send someone else to tell her. 
"Who is it, a man or a woman?" Gary White probably felt it was strange too, and asked a question. 
"It’s a woman, she looks to be in her forties or fifties." 
"A woman, in her forties or fifties..." Joanna pretty much guessed who it was. 
She pursed her lips and nodded, "Alright, I know. I’ll go over." 
She had considered if it was Lady Octavia, but Lady Octavia was extremely well-maintained, looking to be in her thirties at most. 
This didn’t match the description of being in her forties or fifties. 
As for Madam White, she was also extremely well-maintained, not even looking her actual age, appearing to be in her thirties as well. 
This was the first time Rose Liall had taken the initiative to find her. 
She had even come all the way from Closia to Frankfurt. 
After thinking about it, Joanna guessed it was probably because of Annie Lawrence’s issue. 
"Mr. White, my family is here to see me. I need to go out for a moment." After speaking to Gary White, Joanna prepared to leave. 
"Will you be alright going alone?" Gary White reached out and grabbed her, asking worriedly, "Do you need me to accompany you?" 
Joanna shook her head: "It should be fine, I can handle it alone. If I can’t, I’ll call you." 
No matter how much Rose Liall disliked her, she wouldn’t dare do anything to her in public. 
Having lived together for so many years, Joanna could still guarantee this much. 
"Alright, call me if anything happens. I’ll wait for you to leave together." 
After Joanna left, Gary White was still a bit worried about her, and called a crew member over, "Follow her and see if there’s anything wrong, come back and tell me immediately if something happens." 
"Yes, Director White." 
* 
Joanna went outside and saw Rose Liall standing under a tree as expected. 
As soon as she appeared, Rose Liall noticed her. 
Almost instantly, Rose Liall’s gaze turned cold and her eyes revealed disgust. 
She looked at Joanna and said, "You finally decided to come out." 
"What can I do for you, Mrs. Rose Lawrence?" On the surface, Joanna still maintained courtesy towards this stepmother, she looked at Rose Liall’s gloomy gaze and smiled slightly, "Mrs. Rose, what brings you to Frankfurt? Are you here for a visit? Didn’t Dad come with you?" 
"You have the nerve to mention your father." Rose Liall looked at Joanna’s smiling face, feeling even angrier, "Last time you went home, you made your father so angry that he fell ill for a long time, and he hasn’t fully recovered."
###Chapter 1345: Chapter 1971: It’s All Thanks to Annie’s Blessing
"You haven’t even gone home once to see him." 
"Joanna Lawrence, you really are an ungrateful wretch. Despite not being his biological child, your dad has been so good to you since you were little, never treating you unfairly. Is this how you repay him now?"
Upon hearing that her father was ill, Joanna furrowed her brows. 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence, what exactly do you need from me?" Joanna looked at Rose Liall’s arrogant demeanor and calmly said, "If you’re just here to tell me this, I already know. Later, I’ll call my dad to ask about his situation. If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving." 
Having said that, she turned around. 
"Hold it right there!" Rose Liall’s furious voice reached Joanna’s ears. "You know why I’m here to see you. No matter what status you have now or how great you think you are, if you dare to bully Annie, I won’t let you off easily." 
"The Lawrence family has been kind to you. Can you really bring yourself to bully them like this? Do you have a conscience?" 
Joanna stopped in her tracks and turned around. 
Her face no longer bore a smile; her gaze was cold. "Mrs. Rose Lawrence, what do you mean by that? I don’t understand. You must be very clear about what your daughter has done. These words about being clear in one’s heart should be meant for you." 
"Exactly who has bullied whom? You know the truth in your heart, don’t you? Even if you’re biased, you shouldn’t confuse right and wrong. I definitely have a conscience, but I can’t say the same for your daughter." 
"If she had a conscience, she wouldn’t have done those top-notch acts." 
"When she tried to steal her sister’s boyfriend, did she have a conscience? When she pretended to be her sister and tried to replace her, did she have a conscience? If she had a conscience, she couldn’t possibly have done all those things." 
"And now you’re asking me if I have a conscience?" Joanna scoffed coldly, taking a step forward. 
Rose Liall’s face changed, and she immediately took a step back, watching Joanna warily: "What are you trying to do? Joanna Lawrence, this is the film crew’s territory. If you dare to act recklessly, you’ll end up as headline news!" 
"Oh, really?" Joanna appeared nonchalant. "I’ve been in the news countless times already. I don’t mind one more." 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence." Joanna’s voice turned cold. "You know exactly what Annie has done. It’s only because of the Lawrence family’s kindness and for my dad’s sake that I didn’t take things to the extreme." 
"Not taking things to the extreme?" Upon hearing this, Rose Liall was instantly furious. "You had people block her career and tried to cut off her livelihood. How is that not extreme? Even if Annie has done some wrong things, if it wasn’t for those actions, could you have reached where you are today?" 
"If it weren’t for your breakup with David Benington, would you have met other men? If it weren’t for her impersonation, would the White family have known about your existence? In fact, you should be grateful to Annie. Everything you have now is thanks to her blessing." 
"What do you mean by blocking?" Joanna was momentarily stunned. "I didn’t order anyone to block Annie." 
"Don’t pretend." Rose Liall took a bold step forward and grabbed her hand, glaring at her fiercely. "Are you saying you didn’t do it? You’re deliberately trying to ruin Annie. Joanna Lawrence, let me tell you, don’t think that just because you’ve become the daughter of the White family, I won’t be able to do anything about you."
###Chapter 1346: Chapter 1972: What Right Do You Have to Accuse the White Family Here?
"If you dare to block Annie, I will make you famous. I want everyone to know that you’re an ungrateful white-eyed wolf, the Lawrence family raised you, but not only do you not repay their kindness, you even viciously attack your own sister." 
"Your dad suffered from illness due to your actions, and yet you ignored him." 
"Tell me, what would people think of you if they knew about these things?" 
Joanna stared at the distorted face in front of her, about to push Rose Liall away when she heard an angry voice behind her: "Let go of Joanna." 
Hearing this voice, Joanna and Rose both turned their heads simultaneously. 
Madam White hurried over with a worried expression on her face. 
The two bodyguards following her also quickly caught up, fearing any mishap. 
Madam White rushed to Joanna, stretching her hand out and pushing Rose away. 
She looked at the red mark on Joanna’s wrist and asked with a concerned tone, "Joanna, are you alright? Does it hurt?" 
Joanna was still a bit dazed. 
She looked at the sudden appearance of Madam White and asked in surprise, "Madam White, how did you get here?" 
"I heard from Frank that you could finish work early today, so I thought I would come pick you up and we could go home together." 
Unexpectedly, she saw Joanna being grabbed by a middle-aged woman, her face filled with a fierce and menacing expression. 
Madam White looked up with a mix of concern and anger, glaring at Rose, "Who are you, and what do you want with Joanna?" 
Upon seeing Madam White’s imposing demeanor and hearing Joanna calling her "Madam White", Rose quickly guessed her identity. 
Seeing how Madam White defended Joanna, a hint of fear arose in her heart. But soon, she gathered her courage and met Madam White’s gaze, "So you’re Madam White? Perfect, I’ve been wanting to talk to you, and now that you’re here, we can finally settle the score." 
Madam White was puzzled, "You want to settle the score with me? Who are you exactly?" 
"Who am I? I am Joanna’s foster mother!" Rose declared, raising her chin. "Madam White, you must be delighted to have recognized your daughter now. You’ve reunited with her, but never even bothered to inform the Lawrence family." 
"Madam White, isn’t that rather unscrupulous of you? Your prestigious family is supposed to value morals and righteousness, yet your daughter has been living with the Lawrence family. If it weren’t for their help raising her, would you and your daughter have this reunion now?" 
"The Lawrence family has done a great favor for the White family by providing a safe and healthy upbringing for your daughter. Do you really have no gratitude to show? My husband, Mr. Brandon, is a generous man and might not care about this, but I cannot stand your actions." 
"Even if the White family is wealthy and influential, a family the Lawrence family cannot afford to offend, what of it? I can’t stand it, and I’ll say it out loud." 
"You’re from the Lawrence family?" Madam White looked surprised, turning to Joanna, "Joanna, is she really your foster mother?" 
"No." 
Joanna denied right away, and coldly said, "My foster mother has passed away. She’s my stepmother." 
"Stepmother?" Upon understanding who Rose Liall was, Madam White’s expression darkened, "So you’re Joanna’s stepmother. What do you have to do with this? The Lawrence family’s kindness to the White family has nothing to do with you. You have no right to accuse the White family of anything."
###Chapter 1347: Chapter 1973: You, what did you call me?!
"I didn’t know about the way you treated Joanna before and couldn’t interfere. But now that she’s back with the White family, we won’t allow you to hurt her again. I don’t care who you are; if you dare to bully my daughter, I won’t let you get away with it." 
"I will naturally repay Mr. Lawrence’s kindness to my daughter. But you..." 
Madam White appears gentle and seems to not have a bad temper. 
Joanna had never seen her being fierce to anyone before. 
When Rose Liall saw Madam White just now, she thought Madam White looked good-tempered, so she didn’t take her seriously. 
That’s why she dared to be so presumptuous. 
Now that Madam White’s face has turned cold, she doesn’t seem as gentle and good-tempered as before. Her eyes, once filled with tender waves, are now sharp and frosty, which make Rose feel afraid. 
She stared at Madam White, who had suddenly changed her face, and for a moment, she didn’t dare to speak. 
"Don’t think I don’t know how you and your daughter treated Joanna and her brother before. The kindness of the Lawrence family has nothing to do with you. I haven’t settled the score with your daughter for impersonating my daughter of the White family, yet you have the nerve to come here." 
"Leave immediately!" 
"If you ever dare to come here and cause trouble for Joanna again, don’t blame me for being unwelcoming." 
Rose’s face turned pale. 
Before she could say anything, two bodyguards by Madam White’s side stepped forward, looking at her expressionlessly. 
Two tall and burly men above 6 feet stood in front of her. Despite not saying a word, Rose felt a huge oppressive force. 
Her mouth twitched, looking upset: "Your White family repays kindness with ingratitude, and bullies others. You treat your benefactor’s family like this." 
"I will expose you." 
"Just you wait!" 
Rose left cursing. 
"Joanna, does it still hurt?" The red mark on Joanna’s wrist hadn’t faded, and Madam White tenderly held her hand to check. 
"Madam White, I’m fine now." Joanna lowered her head and saw Madam White blowing gently on the reddened area, her eyes and face full of affection. 
A warm feeling surged in her heart. 
This feeling of being protected and loved by family was really nice. 
"Mom." The employee who had been called by Gary White to watch was informed by Gary when the situation turned bad. 
Gary hurried over and saw Madam White, then walked towards them after a little pause. 
"Mom, why did you come here? Didn’t I tell you to wait at home?" Gary was helpless, "Why don’t you ever listen to me?" 
Madam White glared at him: "Why can’t I come? It’s a good thing I did, otherwise your sister would have been bullied." 
"Joanna, what happened?" Gary turned his head, "Mom just said that you were bullied, is that true?" 
Mother and son both had concern and love in their eyes. 
Joanna felt incredibly warm inside; she held Madam White’s hand even tighter, pursed her lips and said softly, "Brother, don’t worry about me. I’m fine. Mom was just worried about me, so..." 
"Joanna, what... what did you just call me?!" 
Madam White’s hands trembled, her eyes widened in shock and joy, and she raised her head. 
Gary was also taken aback and looked toward Joanna with surprise and delight. 
Joanna pursed her lips again, and her face became slightly warmer. Although she was still not used to the new terms of addressing, she still called out softly, "Mom, Brother, thank you for caring so much for me."
###Chapter 1348: Chapter 1974: Do As You Like
This time, Madam White heard it clearly. 
She was sure Joanna just called her "Mom". 
"Joanna, you..." The surprise was so sudden that Madam White was stunned for a while, her eyes instantly reddening. 
Her excited voice was trembling, "What did you call me just now? I didn’t mishear, did I?" 
"Gary, did I hear correctly? Joanna just called me Mom?" Madam White’s teary eyes turned to Gary White, grabbing his arm. She was so excited and overjoyed, not only was her voice trembling, but her whole body was shaking as well. 
She thought she would have to wait a long time for this day to come. 
This sudden surprise brought her so much joy that she was ecstatic. 
"Mom, you heard right." Gary also slowly recovered from his shock. His feelings were the same as Madam White’s, but he didn’t show it as visibly as she did. 
He was also surprised; he didn’t expect Joanna would be willing to change the way she addressed her. 
He thought she would need some more time before deciding to do so. 
"Joanna, I’m so happy." Madam White was so joyful she was crying, she could not hold back tears. Holding Joanna’s hand, she said tearfully, "I’ve been dreaming of the day you would call me mom. I can’t believe my wish came true so quickly."
"I’m really, really happy." 
She was both crying and laughing, "So, does this mean you acknowledge me as your mom and are willing to return to the White family?" 
Joanna looked at Madam White’s tear-streaked face, hesitated for a bit, and reached out to wipe her tears, "Mom, don’t cry. I am your daughter. I belong to the White family. I never said that I did not want to go back." 
"I’m just not quite used to it yet." 
"I understand, I understand." Madam White instantly squeezed her hand more tightly, her voice was still trembling, but her face was full of smiles, "Joanna, whatever way you wish to interact with us, we’ll do it that way." 
"As long as you’re willing to come home, it still can be any way you want." 
"Both Gary and I will follow your wish." 
Joanna thought for a moment, then hesitantly said, "Mom, I owe a lot to the Lawrences. If it were not for my adoptive parents, I wouldn’t be who I am today. So, should we let my family know about me returning to the White family?" 
"Also, even after returning to the White family, Dad will always be my family. Although he is not related to me by blood, he raised me. I’m indebted to him for his upbringing." 
Joanna had issues with Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence. 
But Benjamin was always good to her. 
Although she and Benjamin had some disputes and hadn’t been in contact for a while. 
But when she heard from Rose Liall that Benjamin was ill, she was still very worried. 
In recent years, Benjamin’s health hadn’t been good. 
Joanna thought, she needed to find time to visit Benjamin. 
"Of course." Madam White immediately expressed her agreement, "Not only do the Lawrences have a great kindness towards you, but also towards the White family. Our reunion today, all the credit goes to the Lawrence family." 
"The Lawrences painstakingly raised my daughter to maturity, I keep their kindness in my heart. You can rest assured that I will definitely repay your adoptive father’s kindness." 
"How about we find a time for both our families to meet and discuss this matter in detail? Joanna, you can be sure, even if you return to the White family, we won’t stop you from acknowledging your adoptive father."
###Chapter 1349: Chapter 1975: The Rhythm of Being Doted on to the Sky
"The grace of raising a child is greater than the grace of giving birth. Your foster father will always be your foster father." 
"Yes, Joanna, even if you return to the White family, the Lawrence family will still be your home." Gary White stepped forward and affectionately stroked her head. "When you return to the White family, you’ll have two homes from then on." 
"Having more family members who love and care for you is better, isn’t it?" 
"If Joanna returns to the White family, it cannot be done casually. At that time, I’ll host a grand banquet and invite all friends and relatives to celebrate. I want to introduce Joanna to them and let them see how outstanding my daughter is." 
"From now on, I will no longer envy others’ daughters. I also have a daughter. My daughter is the best in the world." Madam White was still in an excited mood and hadn’t calmed down yet. 
She seemed a bit overexcited. 
Gary White laughed and said, "Mom, don’t scare Joanna. These are all things in the future. Whenever Joanna is willing, we can start planning. If Joanna doesn’t like it, then we won’t do it." 
"It’s fine for our family to reunite without announcing it to the world." 
"I didn’t say we had to do it. I just had this idea. Of course, it all depends on Joanna’s wishes. If she likes it, we’ll do it; if she doesn’t like it, we won’t. In any case, whatever Joanna says, we’ll do." 
Madam White finally recognized her daughter. 
Naturally, she would be completely indulgent towards her precious daughter. 
Mother and son talked back and forth, aiming to spoil Joanna to the sky. 
Joanna watched their interaction, the corners of her lips involuntarily curling up. 
She looked at the mother and son beside her, and her eyes slowly softened. 
Actually, even she herself hadn’t thought that she would change her tone so quickly. 
Just before, she felt uncomfortable and unable to speak up. 
But at the moment she changed her tone, she didn’t feel embarrassed at all; she naturally called out. 
Then she realized that it wasn’t a difficult thing to do. 
Once she called out for the first time, she became more and more accustomed to it. 
"Alright, Mom, let’s talk more when we get back home." 
Someone from the film crew came out and looked over at them curiously from a distance, probably wondering who Madam White was. 
As a public figure, many people knew Gary White. 
But Madam White rarely went out and was very low-key, so few people recognized her, apart from those in their circle. 
"Alright, let’s go back first." Madam White held Joanna’s hand tightly, unwilling to let go, her gaze fixed on her. "Joanna, I brought you some juice, it’s in the car. It’s so hot today, you must be thirsty. Go to the car and have some water." 
Joanna thought for a moment and nodded. "Let me go tell the driver first." 
Ashton Heath had arranged for a driver to pick her up and drop her off every day. At this moment, the driver was already waiting. 
"Was it Ashton who arranged it?" Madam White asked. 
"Yes, he didn’t feel comfortable with me taking a cab, so he arranged a driver for me." 
"He is considerate, taking good care of you." Although Madam White was displeased with Joanna getting married at such a young age, she was still very satisfied seeing Ashton caring for her so much. 
"Joanna, I heard from Gary that you and Ashton are already married?" Madam White paused for a moment before continuing, "Now that you’re the daughter of the White family,
###Chapter 1350: Chapter 1976: No Worries About Not Marrying Into a Good Family
"Shouldn’t our two families meet for a meal? You not telling others about your return to the White family is fine, but since the Heath family has become our in-laws, we should let them know." 
The real reason for Madam White’s desire to meet with the Heath family was her fear that her daughter would be mistreated there. 
Just because Ashton Heath loved her daughter didn’t mean everyone else did too. 
From what she knew, both Madam Heath and Lady Octavia placed great importance on family status. 
The Lawrence family status was indeed very low compared to the Heath family. 
Her Cecilia would inevitably be looked down upon by other members of the Heath family. 
Now that Cecilia has the White family as her maternal family, if the Heath family knew about it, they naturally wouldn’t have any further ions to Cecilia in the future. 
Could the status of the White family not match up to the Heath family? 
Madam White didn’t want to see her precious daughter suffer the slightest bit. 
She was even considering giving Joanna a generous dowry. 
So that she would have more backbone in the Heath family in the future. 
Upon hearing her bring up this matter, Joanna Lawrence was momentarily stunned before she spoke, "Yes, Ashton and I are married. As for the meeting... Can I discuss with him and get back to you later?" 
"Of course". Madam White patted the back of her hand gently, saying, "This matter is not urgent, you can arrange a good time when you are free, and just let us know. If it is not convenient to return to Closia, we can arrange the meeting here." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence left the film crew with Madam White’s party. 
When Madam White’s car pulled into the parking lot of her apartment complex, Joanna was already a little puzzled. 
As they followed Madam White to the elevator and arrived at her floor, Joanna’s confusion deepened. 
Then she watched as Madam White unlocked the door to the room across from hers. 
She was stunned at the doorway. 
After Madam White opened the door, she took out a pair of pink slippers and smiled at her, "Joanna, come in. I made some soup this afternoon. You and Frank can have some soup first. I’ll go into the kitchen and cook. In at most half an hour, dinner will be ready.’ 
"If you’re hungry, there are fruits and snacks on the coffee table. Pick whatever you like." 
Frank was also stunned at the doorway. 
He knew that Joanna lived here. 
But now, his mother was also living here? 
He couldn’t help but ask, "Mom, did you know Joanna lives here and specifically chose this place?" 
"Exactly." Madam White was in a good mood and continued to smile. "I want to take care of your sister, so I naturally found a place that’s closest to her. This way I can better take care of her. After careful observation, this apartment complex is pretty good. The facilities around here are complete, and security is also well done." 
"Joanna, was this place also found by Ashton?" 
Joanna Lawrence was silent for a moment. 
She was wondering how Madam White happened to move in across the hall. 
"Yes, he had me stay here." 
"That kid is indeed good." Madam White’s satisfaction with Ashton Heath increased a bit. "I was worried that he would be too busy with work and neglect you. But it turns out he’s very attentive." 
"Mom, I’ve told you that Ashton really spoils Joanna and you don’t need to worry. Are you relieved now?" 
"I am relieved for now, but let’s see how long he can keep it up. In any case, if he dares to treat Joanna poorly in the future, then let Joanna divorce him. The daughters of the White family won’t have trouble marrying into a good family."
###Chapter 1351: Chapter 1977: Have you thought it through?
Gary White: "..." 
He really couldn’t stand his mother anymore. 
They had just gotten married not long ago, and she was already talking about divorce. 
Her love for her daughter was so strong, but it shouldn’t be like this. 
He thought that if Joanna Lawrence hadn’t been sent to the Lawrence family as a child, she would have been spoiled beyond recognition. 
* 
Madam White lived right across from Joanna. After eating, Joanna didn’t rush back to her room. 
She chatted with Madam White for a long time. 
If Gary White hadn’t reminded her that she had to get up early the next day, Madam White would not have let her leave. 
When Joanna left Madame White’s room, it was almost ten o’clock at night. 
She returned to her own room and took a shower. 
As soon as she walked out of the bathroom, her phone rang. 
It was Ashton Heath who called her. 
She wiped her hair and hands and answered the call. 
"Baby, what are you doing?" The man’s voice was deep and magnetic, like an electric current entering Joanna’s ears. 
"I was just taking a shower." 
"Taking a shower?" 
"Mm-hmm." 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, a video invitation popped up on her Twitter. 
It was sent by Ashton Heath. 
Joanna accepted the video call, and a handsome and refined face appeared on the screen. 
Ashton Heath must have just taken a shower too. His hair was still wet, and he wore a black bathrobe. 
He also held a towel in his other hand, wiping his hair. 
After Joanna.accepted.the.video.call, Ashton threw the towel aside. 
"Did you just finish showering too?" Joanna asked him. 
"Mm-hmm." Ashton’s eyes were half-closed. Joanna could feel the burning gaze from the depths of the man’s eyes through the screen. 
"Why are you wearings so little?" Ashton’s voice seemed a little hoarser as he continued to speak. 
Wearing little? 
Joanna looked down at her nightdress. 
She was wearing a purple, strappy long dress that could be worn as a home gown or worn outside.
Aside from showing her shoulders and collarbones, she wasn’t revealing anywhere else. 
Did she wear that little? 
Plus, she was at home. Shouldn’t she dress comfortably? 
"What did you eat for dinner? And how was the film shooting today?" Ashton quickly changed the subject. 
Joanna didn’t dwell on the previous question and answered him in detail. 
"Did you have dinner with someone else?" Hearing a list of dishes, Ashton asked with raised eyebrows. 
Joanna nodded. 
She told Ashton about Madam White coming to Frankfurt and moving into the room across from her. 
Ashton wasn’t surprised after hearing it. 
It was normal for Madam White to do these things. 
He saw that day how much she cherished Joanna. 
Having just found her daughter, she definitely wouldn’t want to be apart for too long. 
Ashton felt more reassured with Madam White there to take care of Joanna. 
"Ashton..." 
"Mm?" 
"I want to tell you something." 
"Mm, go ahead." 
"I’ve decided to go back to the White family. Mom and my brother have been very good to me, and they’ve always hoped that I could return. My parents were forced into the situation back then, and I can’t blame them. They are my blood relatives and haven’t done anything wrong to me...I have no reason not to acknowledge them." 
After listening, Ashton nodded and asked, "Have you thought it through?" 
"Mm. I’ve been thinking about it ever since that day." 
"As long as you’ve thought it through. Jeremy has also talked to Uncle Damien, and he agreed to return to the Heath family. Grandma said that we have to make a big deal out of Jeremy’s return, so he can come back in style."
###Chapter 1352: Chapter 1978: What’s Going on with Your Stepmother?
"I don’t know if you’ll have time to come back and attend his banquet." 
Joanna wasn’t surprised by Jeremy’s decision to return to the Heath family. 
He had mentioned it to her before. 
Now, her only concern was Jeremy’s situation in the future. 
Lady Delilah would definitely not let it go easily. 
Fortunately, Ashton Heath and Madam Heath would support Jeremy, which made her feel a bit relieved. 
Speaking of the issue of Jeremy rejoining the Heath family and holding a banquet, Joanna thought of Madam White’s suggestion for the two families to meet. Joanna discussed it with Ashton. 
Ashton didn’t have any ions to the idea. 
"If you return to the White family, the White family and the Heath family will indeed become in-laws. Both families should come together for dinner and get to know each other. I’ll talk to Grandma first, then you can set a time, and our two families can meet," Ashton suggested. 
With that, the two reached a decision. 
Joanna and Ashton continued chatting for more than an hour before ending the video call. 
Ashton was too busy to visit Frankfurt like before. 
He told Joanna that he would be occupied for about half a month. 
During this time, he wouldn’t be able to visit her in Frankfurt. 
For the first time, the couple would truly be separated. 
Joanna initially thought she wasn’t the kind of woman who couldn’t stand short periods of separation. 
But as she lay alone on the large bed, she found herself getting used to it and starting to miss Ashton’s embrace. 
* 
The next day, the film shooting continued as usual. 
During a break in filming, Nina approached Joanna with a bottle of water and an odd expression. 
"Joanna, you’re trending on the hot search on Blog again," Nina handed her the water, hesitant and in a low voice, "Is the woman who came to the film crew yesterday your stepmother? I just saw an interview where she badmouthed you." 
Right after Nina finished speaking, Joanna’s phone rang. 
Seeing it was Linda, Joanna answered immediately without asking Nina about the hot search content. 
"What’s up with your stepmother?" Linda asked directly after the call connected, "She’s accusing you of being cruel and ruthless to your own sister and even driving your father to the hospital in her interview. Public opinion is on her side now. Many people believe her and criticize you for being unfilial." 
"Wasn’t your stepmother fine with you before? Why did she suddenly come out to accuse you?" 
Upon hearing this, Joanna’s brow furrowed.
She remembered the things Rose Liall had told her yesterday. 
"Joanna, other issues might not be that serious. But if people think you’re unfilial and treat your family poorly, it will be a big deal. I know your stepmother must be talking nonsense and trying to harm you on purpose, but netizens don’t know that," Linda warned her anxiously. 
"You should clarify this matter as soon as possible." 
Linda didn’t chat long with Joanna and hung up soon after. 
Nina, who was beside her, asked anxiously, "It was Linda who called, right? She must’ve been calling about that issue too. Joanna, your stepmother is truly disgusting. You wouldn’t believe how she slandered you in the interview." 
"And she was crying and sobbing throughout, I never thought an outsider like her could be such a great actress."
###Chapter 1353: Chapter 1979: She Made It All on Scandals
"If I didn’t know you, I might have believed all her lies." 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and opened her Blog. 
Glancing at the hot search column, she saw her name on it again. 
Hot search headline: #JoannaLawrence’sBirthMotherAccusesHerOfUnfilialConduct# 
#JoannaLawrenceAllegedlyClashesWithFamilyAndIsAccusedOfBeingUnfilial# 
#Shocking, TheTrueFaceOfThisInnocentLookingActressIsLikeThis# 
Joanna found herself on three hot searches. 
And each hot search had already surpassed a hundred million views. 
Even she thought it was strange for herself to be trending like this. 
She wasn’t a popular star, far from being a D-list celebrity. But her appearances on hot searches were even more frequent than many popular stars. 
Others bought their way into the hot searches with companies paying for their appearance. 
She relied solely on scandals to get there. 
Even if she didn’t want to become famous through negative publicity, she found that she was indeed heading in that direction. 
Every time she gained fans, it was because of scandals that put her on hot searches. And now, even without a basic work to her name, she had a certain amount of fame because of these scandals and hot searches. 
How does it feel to have three hot searches dominated only by scandals? 
Joanna felt speechless. 
She never wanted to become famous through scandals, but every time... 
Did she just naturally attract scandals? 
She clicked into the hot search, seeing the interview video with Rose Liall. 
As soon as the video started, she heard Rose Liall’s heartfelt crying, "Even though I’m her stepmother, I’ve never mistreated her all these years. I admit that I can’t treat her like my own daughter, but as a stepmother, my conscience is clear. Every mother has her biases, even though I treat her less favorably than Annie, the difference isn’t that much, I gave her everything she deserved and took care of whatever was necessary." 
"When she was ill and unconscious, I was the one who carried her to the hospital. If it weren’t for me, she might have lost her life that time." 
"Her dad has shown her immeasurable kindness, raising her through hardship. But what about her? Now that she has a rich man and someone to support her, she doesn’t care about her family." 
"Last time, because her sister had health problems, a fortune teller suggested changing rooms. She became unreasonable and caused a scene when she came back home. She thought the Lawrence family belonged to her and not to us. Only she could decide whether to change rooms or not; if she didn’t agree, we couldn’t." 
"She even called thugs to our house, threatening to hurt us if we opposed her. Both her sister and I were beaten by the thugs she brought. I am her stepmother and elder, but she let people lay hands on her seniors. Is this something a person can do?" 
"Because of this incident, her dad fell seriously ill and hasn’t recovered until now." 
"She acted oppressively and bullied our family by relying on her rich boyfriend. Not only did they physically attack us, they also tried to force us out of our house and into the streets." 
"If it weren’t for the help of a kind person at the time, we would be sleeping on the streets now." 
"I endured it for so long, thinking that we were family after all, and that airing dirty laundry in public wasn’t right. I thought she might change one day. But our tolerance has only been met with increasingly outrageous treatment. I can’t take it anymore, and that’s why I have chosen to expose her wrongdoings."
###Chapter 1354: Chapter 1980: How Can She Be So Calm!
"I can’t swallow my anger at this ungrateful, disloyal, and utterly heartless person. She must be exposed." 
"I want to reveal her true face to everyone!" 
"I never imagined that the child I raised singlehandedly would turn out like this. For fame and fortune, she disregards even her family. Is fame and fortune really that important?" By the end of this statement, Rose Liall broke down in tears, her eyes red and swollen with crying. 
Upon watching the video, Joanna Lawrence had only one thought. 
Rose Liall’s acting skills were really good. 
If this wasn’t her stepmother, if she was just a passer-by, maybe after watching such a video, she would have believed it too. 
As it turned out, many passers-by did believe Rose Liall. 
The anti-fans who had always been targeting Joanna didn’t miss this opportunity, leading the charge in criticizing her. 
For a time, Joanna was bombarded with insults and scoldings. 
Her most recent blog post’s comments, private messages, and hot searches were all filled with people cursing her. 
She had become the target of criticism all over the internet again. 
Nina stood by and watched the video with her.
Upon seeing Rose Liall’s interview video, she was enraged and said, "This woman is so shameless. Now netizens believe her words, and they’re all cursing you. Joanna, you need to make a clarification quickly and let netizens know the truth." 
As the one who was scolded all over the internet, Joanna actually seemed relatively calm. 
She quietly closed the video. 
When Rose Liall came to the film crew yesterday and left angrily afterwards, Joanna knew that she must be planning some kind of mischief. 
She was already mentally prepared for it. 
In the past, Rose Liall was able to coexist peacefully with her because she was always the one being bullied by Rose and Annie Lawrence. 
She wouldn’t affect their mother-daughter relationship in any way. 
So, naturally, Rose Liall wouldn’t do anything to her. 
But now, Annie was blocked. 
After being blocked, it meant that Annie lost her source of income. 
This was unacceptable to both her and Rose Liall. 
She was now involved in their mother-daughter interests, so naturally, Rose Liall wouldn’t continue coexisting peacefully with her. 
This was a desperate move by Rose. 
In the interview video, some of the things she said were indeed true, but she only mentioned the parts that were favorable to her while completely ignoring the parts that were favorable to Joanna. 
When Joanna was young, Rose Liall did indeed take her to the hospital once. 
But that was when Rose had just arrived in the Lawrence family. 
She did that to earn points with Benjamin, to make a good impression in front of him. 
Later on, when her position in the Lawrence family was secured, she never did anything like that again. 
As for the time she brought thugs back to the Lawrence family... 
Joanna pursed her lips and went to her blog, simply reposting the blog message where Kelvin Norman spoke up for her. 
Then she exited the blog. 
Nina watched her repost the blog post, noticing that she didn’t seem to have any intention of making a clarification, and couldn’t help but feel anxious. 
"Joanna, aren’t you going to make a clarification?" Even as an outsider, watching that video made her angry, and she couldn’t believe that Joanna would be unaffected. 
She was being slandered and condemned by the entire network. 
How could she still be so composed! 
"I will definitely make a clarification," Joanna said calmly, "but I haven’t gathered enough evidence to prove that she’s lying. Just based on what I say, netizens will definitely not believe my words."
###Chapter 1355: Chapter 1981: I Won’t Stand Idly By
Rumors are always easily believed by people. 
Truth, however, is rarely trusted. 
Joanna knew very well that even if she were to post on her Blog about Rose Liall slandering her right now, not many people would believe her. 
Unless she could produce convincing evidence. 
Nina hesitated and then nodded, "Yes, I’m just so angry that your stepmother is accusing you like this. What do you plan to do now? Are you going to gather evidence?" 
"Hmm." 
Joanna seemed utterly unruffled, "I need to gather evidence first. No hurry, we’ll talk after work." 
As someone who is often unfairly criticized, Joanna had grown accustomed to it. 
She didn’t want to deal with public opinion anymore. 
Without any solid evidence to prove that Rose Liall was lying, talking would do no good. 
Later, presumably, quite a few folks in the film crew had seen the interview video where Rose Liall accused Joanna. And, their glances changed when they looked at Joanna. 
When Kelvin Norman’s agent talked to him, he also glanced at Joanna. 
His gaze was full of contempt and disapproval. 
The agent lowered his head, his voice lowered as he talked to Kelvin. After a while, Kelvin turned his head to look at Joanna. 
Joanna saw him frowning slightly, and then he looked away again. 
Joanna was unaffected by the public’s various unbearable insults, but Kelvin’s frown did affect her. 
Kelvin was her idol. 
She thought it didn’t matter if the public believed Rose Liall and misunderstood her. 
But if Kelvin also misunderstands her. 
She would feel upset. 
Just as Joanna thought Kelvin believed the interview video, and she felt a little upset, she saw Kelvin walking towards her. 
She thought Kelvin was coming to question her about Rose Liall’s accusations. 
While thinking about how to explain herself, Kelvin came in front of her, stopped, looked down at her, and said gently, "Joanna, I just heard about your stepmother accusing you." 
"No, senior, I ..." Joanna hurriedly tried to explain. 
But Kelvin interrupted her, "I believe you couldn’t have done those things. Did you have a conflict with your stepmother? The public opinion on Blog is very unfavorable to you. Have you thought about how to deal with it?" 
Kelvin is not someone who likes meddling in others’ affairs. 
He had only known Joanna for two days, and they were not close. 
It couldn’t even be said that they had any special relationship. 
But he appreciated this newcomer, and even though they had only known each other for two days, he believed she wasn’t the person depicted in the news. 
It’s rare for him to appreciate someone from the younger generations. 
When faced with such a situation, he wanted to help. 
Joanna didn’t expect Kelvin to say such words to her. 
She thought he’d believe those rumors. 
But who could’ve thought... 
For a moment, she felt touched.
"Senior, thank you for believing in me." Joanna’s face broke into a smile as her previous gloom disappeared, "I’m really happy that you trust me. There is some friction between my stepmother and me, but none of what she said is true." 
"Please don’t worry, senior. I will handle these matters. Thank you for your care and trust." 
At this moment, Joanna felt that she didn’t make a mistake in admiring him. 
"That’s good," Kelvin said with a smile after asking, "If there’s anything I can help with, feel free to ask me. Your cousin Gary is a good friend of mine, and as his sister, I won’t sit idly by if I can help."
###Chapter 1356: Chapter 1982: Please Follow Me Back as Well
"Um, thank you, senior!" 
"Also, don’t take some of the things you read online too seriously. Outsiders often don’t know the truth, so it’s easy for them to be misled. Besides, there will always be people who can’t stand to see others succeed. Whenever you encounter any problems, most of them will kick you while you’re down." 
"Since you’ve entered the entertainment circle, you must develop a stronger mentality. As you become more popular in the future, such situations will only increase. This is a stage that every artist will go through. Once you’ve endured it, things will gradually get better." 
Joanna raised her head, feeling a warm current welling up in her heart. 
She had only met Kelvin Norman two days ago. 
It was really nice of him, as a senior, to talk to her so much. 
No wonder so many people inside and outside of the circle like him. He is indeed a very likeable person. 
"By the way, I just followed you on my blog. You should follow me back." 
"Huh?" 
Joanna was stunned for a moment before quickly taking out her phone and logging into her blog. 
She clicked on the "followers" tab, scrolled for a while, and found the prominent "KelvinV" account in her blog’s followers list. 
Joanna paused for a few seconds and immediately followed him back, becoming a mutual follower of Kelvin. 
After she followed Kelvin, she refreshed her blog and saw that Kelvin had posted a new update one minute ago. 
KelvinV: Rumors stop with the wise, don’t blindly follow the trend. Think for yourself. 
Kelvin had only just followed Joanna for less than ten minutes, but his fans had already noticed. 
Since Kelvin followed very few people, his attentive fans quickly discovered the new addition to his follow list. 
Upon checking Kelvin’s following list, they were surprised to find that he was now following Joanna Lawrence! 
Kelvin already had very few followings, most of which were directors, veteran artists, or senior executives at his company. 
He hardly ever followed newcomers. 
So, Joanna was essentially the first newcomer he followed! 
And she wasn’t even a D-list celebrity. 
How could his fans not be surprised? 
Their Kelvin had suddenly followed a newcomer who was at the center of a storm of public opinion, being harshly criticized as "unfilial." 
He could’ve followed her earlier or later. 
But he chose to follow her right at this moment. 
That alone was strange enough. 
Even more bizarre, he posted a new blog update shortly after. 
Although the content of the post didn’t explicitly specify what event it was referring to, the timing—right after following Joanna—couldn’t help but make people wonder if he was talking about Joanna’s "unfilial" incident. 
The fans were well aware of Kelvin’s character. 
He was definitely not the type to meddle in others’ affairs or speak up easily. 
This blog post clearly seemed to be in support of Joanna. 
Could it be that he had found out some insider information, which was why he stood up to help her? 
At first, Kelvin’s fans disliked Joanna because they thought Kelvin was forced to work with her due to some kind of threat. However, once Kelvin clarified the situation, the fans stopped dwelling on it. 
Not only did they let go of the issue, but they also helped attack the anti-fans who wanted to continue bashing Joanna.
Simply put, most of Kelvin’s fans were the type to love everything related to him. 
They liked Kelvin, so they would also help defend anyone he tried to protect.
###Chapter 1357: Chapter 1983: Isn’t this a twisted moral compass?
So not long after Kelvin Norman’s Blog post came out, the public opinion about Joanna Lawrence began to change. 
"Damn, did you all notice that Kelvin Norman started following Joanna Lawrence? She’s the first newcomer he’s ever followed, right? What does it mean for him to follow her at this time? Is he implying his support for Joanna?"
"Joanna Lawrence has been accused of unfilial behavior by her family, and Kelvin Norman chooses to side with her at this time. Isn’t this evidence of a twisted moral compass?" 
"I also feel that Kelvin Norman’s moral compass is a bit twisted. He’s usually a pretty good artist, but at this time... it’s really hard to say." 
"You can tell a person’s character at crucial moments. If Kelvin Norman is supporting this kind of woman, it seems his character isn’t that great either!" 
"To those who say Mr. Norman has a twisted moral compass, if you have the guts, come and fight me! I’ll put you on the ground! It’s just an interview video. Do you believe everything she says is true just based on her words? If this is the case, anyone could casually spread rumors in the future without any evidence." 
"Damn, I can’t take it. How dare they insult Kelvin Norman! What do you mean his character is questionable? You can say anything you want about him, but if you say his character isn’t good, I could only laugh. Do you know how much he donates each year just for public welfare? Do you know how many elementary schools he established through his donations? Do you know how many impoverished children he helps go to school? You know nothing yet still claim his character is bad?" 
"I have faith in Kelvin Norman. If he’s really supporting Joanna, it means he knows the truth. I felt that the woman in the video was full of lies when I was watching it. She kept blinking as she spoke, which clearly shows her guilt." 
"I believe Kelvin Norman too! That woman must be intentionally slandering Joanna. As a stepmother, it’s rare to treat a stepdaughter kindly, and she’s clearly just jealous that Joanna is doing well, trying to ruin her. Her own daughter got dumped by David Benington and was terminated from Stellary Talent Agency; I heard she still hasn’t found a good new agency. She doesn’t want her own daughter to do well, and she doesn’t want the stepdaughter to do well either. This kind of woman is terrible and disgusting." 
"Based on psychological analysis, Joanna’s stepmother is most likely lying. Many times, eye movements and body language can’t deceive people. We shouldn’t be quick to take sides and should observe rationally. If the truth isn’t what the woman claims, I’m sure Joanna will take action in the future." 
"Hmm, Joanna still hasn’t refuted the rumors till now. Is it because she’s feeling guilty? She doesn’t dare to argue because everything her stepmother said is true. If it wasn’t true, shouldn’t she make a clarification as soon as possible?" 
"Stepmother? If her biological mother said it, I think it would be more credible. As for a stepmother, well, opinions differ." 
"I also think Kelvin Norman knows the truth, that’s why he’s speaking up to help. But why hasn’t Joanna refuted the rumors yet? I’m so anxious." 
Kelvin Norman has a large number of fans. 
Several artists who have a good relationship with him also reposted his Blog post. 
Since fans of various artists will always side with their idols, surprisingly, there were quite a few people speaking up for Joanna in a short time. 
At least it was no longer a sad situation where she was being scolded all over the Internet.
###Chapter 1358: Chapter 1984: Why did you help Joanna Lawrence?
The online public opinions on Blog, which started as a unanimous attack on Joanna Lawrence, has now become half continuing to criticize her, and the other half remaining neutral and supportive of her due to the involvement of Kelvin Norman and other celebrities. 
No matter how, it’s much better than before. 
Joanna naturally saw that many people started defending her because of Kelvin’s intervention. 
It was the first time she experienced this kind of support. 
When she was attacked in the past, she was usually verbally abused relentlessly, with only a few of her loyal fans supporting her, while most people were attacking her and making her out to be very disgraceful. 
Some fans of Maddox Allenson not only attacked her online but also stalked her outside the film crew location, intending to harm her. 
In comparison, most of Kelvin’s fans were generally over the age of 20, with their personal ethics already formed, making them less likely to be swayed by others easily. 
His fans are not female fans like "wife fans" or "girlfriend fans." 
As a result, their overall quality and upbringing tended to be much higher. 
They were not as crazy as Maddox’s fans. 
These fans were also very protective, defending the people Kelvin wanted to protect as well. 
"Kelvin, that Blog post you published... were you helping me?" Joanna was truly touched. 
Kelvin was her idol, so she knew very well what kind of person he was. 
He rarely defended anyone publicly on Blog like this. 
Although his post didn’t directly mention her name, it was almost the same as publicly defending her. 
Seeing her reaction, Kelvin smirked: "I just don’t want to see a younger generation I appreciate being bullied like this. Don’t be too touched, I’m not as righteous as you think. Just think of it as a whim, suddenly wanting to do a good deed." 
"To completely resolve this issue, it still depends on you." 
"Don’t drag it out too long; it’s not good for you." 
After Kelvin finished speaking, he turned and walked towards his nanny car. 
He spoke casually, as if it was an insignificant matter, but Joanna knew how rare this kind of defense was. 
* 
"Kelvin, why did you help Joanna?" 
Kelvin’s assistant saw the Blog post he published and asked with confusion, "Is it because she’s Director White’s cousin? Actually, you shouldn’t have posted that before the truth comes out. If she really is..." 
Just a newcomer after all. 
Even if she is Gary White’s cousin, so what? 
It’s already a big favor for Kelvin to take this TV series, considering Gary’s reputation. 
There’s no need to step into this muddy water. 
He didn’t get to his current position that easily, and his good reputation over the years could be ruined by a newcomer, which would be a significant loss. 
Not to mention that Joanna’s relationship with him was very average, just an ordinary co-star. 
Even if they were good friends, they shouldn’t take sides so early without understanding the truth. 
Kelvin paused, turned to look at his assistant, and smirked: "I believe she’s not that kind of person." 
Assistant: "..." 
"So what if she really is that kind of person?" The assistant sneered. "By then, your reputation will be destroyed by her. You don’t have a close relationship with her, so why do you bother stepping into this muddy water? I think her stepmother must have some basis for saying those things; even if it’s not the whole truth, some parts must be true." 
"It’s normal for her to have conflicts with her stepmother and do those things."
###Chapter 1359: Chapter 1985: You say, what should we do now?
Kelvin Norman still wore a faint smile: "I trust in my judgment of people. She won’t let me down." 
"But Kelvin..." 
"Alright, no need to say anything more." Kelvin raised his hand to stop his assistant from continuing, "I’ve already posted on the blog. It’s pointless to say anything more. As I said, I believe she’s not like that." 
The assistant turned his head and glanced at Joanna Lawrence who stood not far away from them. 
He pursed his lips, silently sighing about how lucky Joanna was. 
The fact that she could make Kelvin take such a risk to help her is incredible. 
Now, all he could hope for was that what Joanna’s stepmother said was was all lies aiming to frame Joanna. 
He hoped Kelvin wouldn’t be implicated as well because of this. 
* 
Meanwhile, at Rose Liall’s place. 
After accepting the interview, she had been waiting for Joanna to read those articles and call her. 
But she waited for a very long time, and Joanna’s call never came. 
"Mom, didn’t you say that Joanna would definitely call you?" 
While scrolling through the blog, Annie Lawrence found the news post about Kelvin following Joanna’s blog. 
She then refreshed and saw the blog post where Kelvin seemingly defended Joanna. 
At first, she was quite pleased and delighted to see Joanna being scolded by so many people. 
However, due to Kelvin’s intervention, the direction of the comments on the blog suddenly changed. 
Surprisingly, people gradually began to defend Joanna. 
Of course, Annie understood how influential Kelvin was. So, when she saw that Kelvin was actually defending Joanna, she was so angry that her mouth twisted. 
The public opinion was originally greatly in their favor. 
But now, Joanna, that little jerk, has Kelvin to help her, and people even started to defend her. 
Their advantage suddenly became not so obvious. 
"It seems she won’t call you at all. She’s not scared at all, she didn’t even post a blog to clarify things. Now we’ve utterly offended that little jerk, she will certainly retaliate against me even more." 
Annie threw her phone onto the bed and stood by the bedside complaining to Rose Liall, "So, what should we do now? That little jerk is not scared of this at all. Now she’s the daughter of the White family. Even if her reputation is ruined and can’t mix in the entertainment industry anymore, it won’t affect her much. I’ve said before, this trick might not work, but you insist on doing it." 
"With her current status, crushing us is even easier than crushing an ant." 
"It’s all your fault, all your fault!" 
In the past, even though she found out that Ashton Heath was the president of the Heath Group, although she was jealous of Joanna, she wasn’t scared of her. 
At that time, she thought for sure that Joanna would get dumped. 
After all, how can the Lawrence family’s background match with the Heath family’s? 
Ashton would definitely marry someone who is of matching social and economic status in the end. 
Joanna was just enjoying a temporary triumph. 
But now, Joanna became the daughter of the White family, and she had a status that could match Young Master Ashton.
Unless something unexpected happens, she would be able to marry into the Heath family. 
Now she has not only the White family to rely on, but also the Heath family as her backstage support. 
She could crush anyone she wanted to. 
Remembering all the things she had done to Joanna before, Annie’s face immediately turned pale, showing a terrified look in her eyes. 
It would be effortless for Joanna now to retaliate against her. 
Rose Liall continued to wait for Joanna’s call for a long time and began to panic. 
According to her original plan, Joanna would call her not long after she accepted the interview.
###Chapter 1360: Chapter 1986: Don’t You Really Care About Ending Up Disgraced?
By then, Joanna Lawrence would definitely beg her to recant. 
No one, no one at all, would be completely indifferent to their own reputation. 
The more famous one becomes, the more they care about it. 
She was banking on the fact that Joanna Lawrence, being a public figure now, must care dearly about her reputation. That’s why she went ahead with her plan. 
But to her surprise, Joanna couldn’t care less. 
She did not even bother to call her once. 
The situation unfolded differently than she anticipated. This threw off Rose Liall. What started off with full confidence was gradually turning into a sinking feeling. 
"That bitch is doing this on purpose. She’s playing mind games with us." Rose Liall clenched her teeth, "There’s no way she doesn’t care at all. She must have seen the news by now." 
"Her not calling is her way of pretending she doesn’t care. She knows damn well I am expecting her call." 
"So what do we do now?" Annie Lawrence asked anxiously. "What if she really doesn’t care? She has the support of the White and Lawrence families and Kelvin Norman on her side. Soon, the netizens will stop paying attention to what you have alleged." 
"But we have offended her because of this. She won’t let us off the hook easily." 
"Annie, calm down. There’s no way that bitch doesn’t care; everything mom did was for your own good. It can’t possibly harm you. I’ll call her right now to feel her out." 
* 
The film crew. 
News of Joanna Lawrence’s situation had spread throughout the film crew. Gary White, of course, knew about it. 
During the break, he approached Joanna Lawrence, "Do you need any help dealing with this?" 
"Gary, I can handle it on my own," Joanna Lawrence declined his proposal, "I want to handle this myself, is that okay?" 
Gary White nodded, "Fine, I’ll leave it to you. But don’t be stubborn if you can’t handle it. We are family and you are my sister. There’s nothing embarrassing about asking your own brother for help." 
"I know. If I need help, I’ll definitely come to you." 
Having asked, Gary White respected Joanna’s wishes and let her handle it herself. 
Rose Liall was waiting for Joanna Lawrence’s call. 
Similarly, Joanna Lawrence was also waiting for her call. 
She was sure that Rose Liall wouldn’t be able to resist giving her a call. 
Just as she had guessed, a few hours later, Rose Liall finally couldn’t stand it and called her. 
Joanna Lawrence hadn’t kept Rose Liall’s mobile number. 
However, the moment her phone rang, she immediately guessed the unknown number displayed on the screen must be a call from Rose Liall. 
Joanna Lawrence answered the phone and hit the record button. 
"Joanna Lawrence, you really know how to keep your cool. Do you not care at all about ruining your reputation? Or do you think the news I broke out isn’t spicy enough to ruin you?" 
Rose Liall’s voice, full of frustration, came through the moment she picked up the phone. 
Joanna Lawrence kept quiet for a while. Her lips curled up into a smile that Rose Liall couldn’t see. "I was wondering why this number looked so familiar. Turns out, it’s Mrs. Rose’s number. You sound really angry, Mrs. Rose. Has someone upset you?" 
"You’re still acting innocent?" 
Hearing her calm and composed voice, Rose Liall’s anger intensified. She virtually screamed into the phone, "Joanna Lawrence, you must have seen the news. You should be well aware now that public sentiment is siding with me. If you intend to continue surviving in the entertainment industry and care about your reputation, you better be smart about it."
###Chapter 1361: Chapter 1987: Worst comes to worst, fish dying and net breaking
Joanna Lawrence pressed her lips together, her voice very calm: "Mrs. Rose Lawrence, what would you like me to do for you?" 
"Of course, you need to compensate me and Annie." 
"Compensation?" Joanna Lawrence pressed her lips together again, her voice still calm, "How would you like me to compensate you?" 
There was silence on Rose Liall’s end for a few seconds. 
It was uncertain if she was considering what compensation she wanted or if she was doubting Joanna’s readiness to comply. 
After a while, Rose’s voice rang out again: "Your sister hasn’t signed with another company yet. I think the company you’re with now is good. Place Annie in your company and let them promote her properly." 
"Whatever resources you have access to, Annie should have the same. I’ve heard that Director White is good at shooting films and makes many stars famous. Talk to him, Annie should star in his TV series. By the way, Annie will only play Female Lead 1, don’t fob her off with other roles." 
"Furthermore, the Lawrence family raised you and has been good to you. You’re definitely not short on money now, so handing out several hundred million dollars as a token of gratitude shouldn’t be a problem, right? Joanna, the two requests I’ve made are not excessive. With your current status, they should be easy to fulfill." 
"As long as you agree to my requests, I will take another interview and speak kindly of you." 
After listening, Joanna found it funny. She paused before speaking: "And if I don’t agree? Mrs. Rose Lawrence, will you continue to spread lies and tarnish my reputation? Do you think this tactic is effective? Just because you said it, people would believe you? Your words may only deceive young and simple-minded children. Those who can think a little bit won’t buy into your lies." 
"If you want to threaten me with this, I’m sorry, but your calculation is wrong." 
"So you mean... you won’t agree?" 
"Why should I agree?" Joanna’s voice suddenly turned cold, "Annie Lawrence knew that David Benington was my boyfriend, but she secretly seduced him. Even before our engagement, she claimed she was pregnant with David’s child, forcing me to step back and fulfill their wishes. For the past two years, I have experienced many setbacks in the entertainment industry. Every audition went smoothly, but in the end, I was always told I was unsuitable. Don’t think I don’t know that she was the one playing tricks behind my back. After doing so many outrageous things to me, does she still expect me to help her find a company?" 
"As for the kindness and support from the Lawrence family, what does that have to do with you? My parents are the ones who raised me. You have always treated outsiders better than Russell and me. I am grateful to those who are good to me and will naturally repay their kindness. But for those who are unkind, I will never forget, and will not repay evil with kindness." 
"Joanna, you..." 
Her hopes dashed, Rose Liall suddenly erupted angrily: "You think this matter is over just like that? It’s easy for me to ruin you. Don’t think that having a powerful backer means you can relax now. I’m telling you, if you don’t obediently follow my requests, I will do everything in my power to make your life miserable. At worst, it’ll be a mutually assured destruction. If Annie and I can’t live well, neither will you!" 
"I’m asking you for the last time, will you..." 
"You can ask a hundred times, and the answer will still be the same. I will not agree." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t give Rose Liall the chance to continue speaking; after she finished speaking, she hung up the phone directly. 
With those previous recordings, she had gathered enough evidence. 
After hanging up, Joanna Lawrence saved the recording, and then gave Jeremy Lawrence a call.
###Chapter 1362: Chapter 1988: Is There a Perfect Solution for Both Sides
Jeremy quickly answered, warmly calling out, "Joanna." 
"Jeremy, I need your help with something." Joanna knew that Jeremy used to be a hacker, so there were some things she could ask him to do for her. 
Before she could make a clarification, she had to get everything ready. 
She wouldn’t give Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence any chance to turn the tables. 
"Alright, Joanna, just tell me." 
"I want some photos to prove that David Benington cheated on me with Annie while we were together. Nothing too intimate, just something to show that they were together before David and I broke up." 
There was silence on the other side for a moment. 
"Jeremy, is it difficult?" Joanna asked. 
"Not really, don’t worry, Joanna. I’ll get them for you. I was just thinking about something else, but I’m not sure if I should tell you." 
"What is it?" 
Jeremy paused for another moment before saying, "Joanna, my father... that is, Sir Damien of the Heath family, he wants me to gradually familiarize myself with some of the company’s operations starting now. He said that I’m his only son and will have to take charge of the company in the future." 
"But... I’m not really interested in this stuff." 
"I just want to play in a professional gaming team. It’s been my dream since I was a kid, and I don’t want to give it up." 
"But my father said if I don’t take over the company, someone else will. I don’t know what to do now." 
Jeremy’s voice was laced with a hint of confusion. 
Joanna knew very well just how much Jeremy wanted to join a professional gaming team. 
It had indeed been his lifelong dream. 
If it wasn’t for his heart condition, he would have already been in a pro gaming team by now. 
He must have thought about it seriously but still couldn’t make a choice, so he confided in her, right? 
After carefully pondering for a moment, Joanna said, "Jeremy, if you’re asking for my advice, I hope you do what makes you happy. Your father’s company isn’t your responsibility, and you shouldn’t have to sacrifice your own dreams. But I heard from your brother-in-law Ashton, that the company is currently being managed primarily by Lady Delilah and her nephew. Whether or not you want to take over the company, they’ll definitely see you as a big threat." 
"Even if you say you don’t want to take over the company, they probably won’t believe you. Letting them hold some power makes me worry for your safety." 
"Only by having all the power in your own hands will you be safe. Jeremy, I want you to be happy, and I’m genuinely worried that they might cause you harm. If you ask me which choice is best for you, I don’t know either." 
"Joanna..." Jeremy sighed, "Do you think there’s a way to have the best of both worlds?" 
"A way to have the best of both worlds?" 
"So, it’s impossible to have both the fish and the bear’s paw, huh. I just wanted to talk to you, and I’ll give this some more thought. Oh, by the way, Joanna, my father and grandma will be throwing a banquet for me in a few days, can you come back?" 
"I’m afraid I’ll be nervous, but if you’re there, I won’t be as scared." 
Joanna wasn’t sure if she’d have time then. 
But hearing Jeremy say this, she agreed without much thought. 
"Alright, I’ll be there. Don’t be afraid, Jeremy, I’ll be with you."
###Chapter 1363: Chapter 1989: The Investigation Immediately Turns Up Something Explosive
The siblings chatted for a while until Nina reminded Joanna that her next scene would be starting soon. Joanna then hung up the phone. 
The online scandal did not affect her performance while filming. 
With a veteran actor like Kelvin Norman guiding her and the other actors Gary White found for her being very talented, the filming went smoothly. 
Most scenes were completed in one take. 
Even if there were any NGs, it would not go beyond three takes. 
Joanna didn’t have many scenes to film the next day. 
She finished all her scenes in half a day. 
The progress on Jeremy’s side was also very fast. 
Not long after Joanna finished her shooting, Jeremy sent a file to her email. 
He texted her on Twitter: Joanna, everything you need is in that file. Check if it’s enough, and if not, let me know what else you need. 
Joanna: Okay, I’ll take a look. 
After replying to Jeremy, she checked her email. 
She opened the email and unzipped the file Jeremy had sent her. 
Inside the zip file were not only photos but also many videos. Jeremy had arranged the photos in chronological order. Joanna looked at the timestamp on each photo, and even though she had no feelings for David anymore, she still felt anger when she saw them. 
Most of the photos were taken by Annie Lawrence. 
That was because David didn’t like taking photos. 
But Annie liked showing off everything, so she took many photos to record every moment of her relationship with David since the day they got together. 
These photos were enough for Joanna to use as evidence. 
As soon as Joanna finished looking at Annie’s photos, her email notification sounded. 
It was from Jeremy again. 
Email subject: Joanna, here’s an unexpected find. You’ll definitely be shocked when you see it. 
Joanna curiously opened it. 
When she saw the first photo, her eyes widened in surprise. 
One minute later, Jeremy texted her: Did you already see the email I just sent you? 
Joanna hadn’t recovered from her shock yet. 
She looked down and went through the dozen or so photos in the email again. 
Jeremy: Joanna? Are you busy? 
This time, Joanna finally regained her senses. She closed the email and replied to Jeremy’s message: I’m not busy now, and I just finished looking at the email you sent. Jeremy, where did you get those photos of Rose Liall? 
Jeremy: Joanna, I saw the interview video with Rose Liall. She talked bad about you in the video, so I couldn’t let her off. I thought since I already got the photos of Annie, I might as well check if there was anything I could use against her. I didn’t expect to find something so explosive. Now I seriously suspect Annie is not our dad’s biological daughter. She looks so much like the man in the photos. 
Joanna thought about the man’s appearance in the photos, remained silent for a moment, and then replied: Jeremy, no matter what the truth is, don’t let Dad know about this for now. His health isn’t good, and I worry that if he finds out... he’ll get sick from anger. 
Jeremy: Yeah, I know. I won’t tell him now. But Rose Liall did something like that, we can’t let Dad keep being in the dark. It isn’t fair to him. 
Joanna: Of course, we need to tell him, but now is not the right time. Let’s wait a little longer.
###Chapter 1364: Chapter 1890: These evidences are already enough
Jeremy: Joanna, are you planning to fight back? 
Joanna: If people don’t mess with me, I won’t mess with them. But if she provokes me, I won’t let her think I’m easy to bully. 
Jeremy: Joanna, I support you! You must slap their mother-daughter faces hard. If there’s anything else I can help with, just let me know. I’ll do it right away. 
Joanna: The evidence I have is enough. But there is indeed something else; I need your help. 
Jeremy: Joanna, just say it. 
* 
Joanna’s hot search accusing her of unfilial behavior on Blog was up for a day and still going strong. 
It seemed that there were some people with ulterior motives who wanted to use this opportunity to kick her while she was down. 
Originally, Kelvin Norman’s team siding with her had started to tip public opinion in her favor. 
But after a few hours, a group of people suddenly surged in, pushing Joanna back onto the hot search list. 
#JoannaUnfilial# became the number one on the 24-hour hot search list. 
"Why hasn’t Joanna come out and refute the rumors yet? I’m starting to doubt whether her stepmother is telling the truth. If it’s not true, she hasn’t responded after so long. Doesn’t she care how netizens see her?" 
"I initially believed Kelvin Norman, which is why I sided with Joanna. But now... I just hope that Kelvin doesn’t get deceived by her." 
"I’m also worried about Kelvin being deceived. I don’t care whether Joanna is unfilial or not, but if she deceives Kelvin, I’ll declare myself an anti-fan!"
"Kelvin’s accumulated reputation over these years would be worthless if it’s affected by her. I hope Joanna can come out and clarify things as soon as possible. She owes this to Kelvin for helping her." 
Joanna’s Blog comment section was flooded with people urging her to come out and refute the rumors. 
After discussing the strategy with Jeremy, Joanna logged into her Blog and posted a clarification message. 
JoannaV: I apologize for keeping you all waiting for so long. I am only posting this now because I think that if I need to clarify, I must have the evidence to make you all believe my words. Otherwise, it doesn’t matter how much I say; there will be no trust. I’m going to discuss a few issues here. Regarding the time my stepmother, Mrs. Rose Lawrence, accused me of bringing thugs to bully her and Annie, the truth is that she and Annie tried to move into my mom’s room under the pretense of Feng Shui. My mom’s room has been preserved since her passing, and my dad promised that no one would move in as a way to memorialize her. All I did was to stop them. 
As for the physical altercation, it only happened because they attacked me first, and my boyfriend stepped in to defend me. Also, I genuinely love my dad. The arguments we had were because he broke his promises first. He could have let Annie live in any room of the Lawrence family’s house, including mine, but my mom’s room is off-limits. He promised, and he should keep his word. 
If my actions truly damaged my dad’s health, I admit my fault and am willing to accept criticism. I believe that even close family members will have conflicts from time to time, but my relationship with my dad won’t change because of one or two disputes. In conclusion, thank you all for your attention. I’m willing to accept criticism where I do wrong, but if anyone deliberately spreads rumors and twists facts, I won’t let her succeed!
###Chapter 1365: Chapter 1891: Has her account been hacked?!
Here’s a recording for everyone to listen to. I believe you all will be able to judge the twists and turns for yourselves. 
In this message, Joanna Lawrence included the recording of her phone call with Rose Liall. 
A group of netizens who had been waiting for gossip immediately clicked on the recording and started listening. 
The recording was crystal clear with no background noise. The words spoken by Rose Liall could be heard loud and clear. 
In an instant, the Blog exploded like a pot boiling over. 
"Holy shit, this recording... Turns out Joanna’s stepmother was really lying. I’ve been wondering why Joanna wasn’t worried or trying to refute rumors. Turns out she was preparing the real evidence. This reveal is so satisfying. I love people who don’t make a sound and then suddenly strike back brilliantly. For this alone, I’m turning into a fan." 
"I can’t believe Joanna’s stepmother is so shameless. I knew there aren’t many good stepmothers out there; she and Annie Lawrence are a disgusting mother-daughter pair. I can only imagine how miserable Joanna was being bullied by them." 
"Oh my god, demanding billions?! Why doesn’t she just rob a bank instead? She saw that Joanna found a rich boyfriend and wanted to take advantage of that. I didn’t expect Annie to have such a perfect public image, seeming so righteous, but secretly doing so many dirty things. Stealing her sister’s fiance is just disgusting." 
"Annie didn’t steal him! She was with David Benington after he broke up with Joanna. So just because David and Joanna dated, even if they broke up, Annie can’t date him? By what right!" 
"Let’s be fair; the thing about Annie cheating on David isn’t proven. Even though dating her sister’s ex is a bit awkward, as long as Joanna and David had broken up, it’s indeed okay for Annie to date him." 
"I think Joanna means Annie cheated. If Annie was dating David after Joanna and he broke up, I don’t think it’s cheating. She seems to imply that David cheated on her with Annie before they broke up." 
Although Annie was blocked, she was still one of the A-list actresses. 
Naturally, she had many fans. 
Because Joanna mentioned Annie cheating, all of Annie’s fans flooded the clarification Blog post to scold Joanna for slandering Annie. 
Not only did they scold Joanna, they also attacked anyone who spoke in Joanna’s favor. 
Just as the fans were gathering and hurling abuse, someone noticed that Annie had actually posted something on her Blog. 
"Holy shit, what’s going on? You guys have to check out Annie’s recent post on her Blog." 
"Annie posted on her Blog? What happened to her?" 
"Oh damn, I just came back after checking it out, and it’s a huge bombshell. I predict this post will soon be deleted, everyone hurry and take a look, you’ll definitely be shocked."
"What is Annie’s game? Was her account hacked?!" 
"What did Annie post?! Was it hacked? But if it was hacked, how would anyone else have those photos? Did she have some private settings on her Blog, and now someone discovered them?" 
Because of Annie’s post, everyone was soon drawn to it. 
In an instant, Annie was at the top of the hot search list. 
#AnnieLawrenceLeaksHerOwnCheatingPics#
###Chapter 1366: Chapter 1892: Annie Lawrence Exposes Her Own Scandal
Annie Lawrence’s Blog used to be run by a professional team. 
Since her termination of contract with Galaxy Agency, her Blog has not been managed by a team. 
That Blog update stayed for more than half an hour before someone finally called her, asking what was going on. 
* 
When Annie received the call, she didn’t know what was happening. 
The other person didn’t tell her what was going on either, only telling her to hurry up and check her Blog. 
After hanging up, she immediately logged into her Blog. 
When she saw the update sent from her own account, her eyes widened in shock. 
Annie Lawrence V: David, I don’t regret loving you. I will cherish our every moment together for the rest of my life. 
Attached were photos of her and David Benington before he broke up with Joanna Lawrence, taken while she was with him. 
The time of each photo was clearly displayed. 
Annie couldn’t believe the update she had sent out. 
She definitely didn’t send the update herself. 
As long as she wasn’t crazy or out of her mind, she would never expose her own scandal like this. 
Annie’s first reaction was that someone had hacked her Blog account. 
But, if her Blog was just hacked, where did those photos come from? 
She had deleted those photos from her phone long ago. 
No one else could have them except her. 
But if no one else had them, how were the photos sent out? 
In just half an hour since the update was posted, it already had over 100,000 comments and shares, and the number was rising rapidly. 
On the hot search on Blog, #AnnieLawrenceSelf-RevealScandal ranked number 1. 
Netizens commented one after another. 
"This is the first time I’ve seen an artist expose their own cheating evidence. Annie Lawrence must be insane." 
"Annie Lawrence’s cheating is now stone-cold evidence, proving Joanna Lawrence wasn’t wrong. David Benington and her are really despicable, one cheating on his girlfriend, and the other sleeping with her future sister-in-law. Even rabbits don’t nibble the grass near their burrows, worse than animals." 
"Regardless if Annie Lawrence posted those photos herself or not, the cheating is already a fact. I used to have a decent impression of her; now, it’s completely shattered. There are so many men in this world, why did she target her sister’s boyfriend? If I had a sister like her, I would definitely sever ties and never have contact again for the rest of my life. No, I would also reveal her disgraceful past to everyone, so they all know how shameless she is." 
"No wonder Joanna Lawrence and David Benington were always doing minor roles when they were dating, without any good resources. Annie Lawrence was heavily promoted by Galaxy Agency, getting all kinds of good resources easily; turns out this despicable man and woman were already sneaking around." 
"My God, I feel like throwing up. Starting from today, turning black on Annie Lawrence!"
"Although I’m an Annie Lawrence fan, I’m not brainless. Some principles cannot be compromised; I’m hereby declaring my unfandom." 
"Unfandom+1" 
"Same, unfandom. Something like this happened to me before too, the disgusting feeling made it impossible for me to eat or sleep properly for a year; every time I closed my eyes, I saw images of those despicable people. The worst thing in this life is to be betrayed by someone you thought you had a good relationship with, the damage is unforgettable for a lifetime." 
"I was once betrayed by my best friend and lost my boyfriend. It was disgusting beyond belief. If it’s your sister...it must be even more disgusting." 
In the hot searches, almost all comments were cursing Annie. 
After the undeniable evidence came out, Annie Lawrence’s fans closed their mouths one after another, no one daring to speak up for her anymore.
###Chapter 1367: Chapter 1983: Ambulance, call for an ambulance!
Speaking up for her under such circumstances would definitely get people lambasted.
Annie Lawrence saw the insults thrown at her in the hot search. 
Her complexion gradually whitened as she immediately deleted her Blog post. 
But it was useless. 
People had already taken screenshots of the Blog post and saved the photos. Clicking on the hot search showed all kinds of intimate photos of her with David Benington. 
She thought of spending money to hire a PR team to handle the matter. 
But since she terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency and hadn’t found a new company yet, she didn’t have a dedicated PR team to help her. 
She wanted to pay to have the hot search removed, but someone told her directly that they couldn’t and didn’t dare remove her hot search. 
Annie’s hot search ranking kept getting higher and higher. 
#AnnieLawrenceDemoralized, Suggest to Block# 
#AnnieLawrenceGetOutOfTheEntertainmentCircle# 
#AnnieLawrenceFansDropByOne Million# 
A series of hot searches occupied the top five spots that day. 
Annie had been on hot searches before. 
But this was the first time she made it to the hot search list for negative news. 
Her fans dropped by more than one million in less than an hour after the cheating scandal broke. 
And the number continued to decline. 
Even the administrator of her largest fan group’s official Blog stood up to declare they were no longer a fan and wouldn’t update anything related to Annie Lawrence. They also deleted all previous related Blog posts, essentially starting from scratch. 
In a nutshell, Joanna Lawrence suffered heavy losses. 
Meanwhile, some early contract brands that had signed Annie also stepped forward one after another, announcing the termination of their cooperation with her. They planned to sue Annie for compensation for the impact the scandal had on their brands. 
Annie signed quite a few advertising contracts during her peak period. 
Mostly first-line brands. 
The contract stated in black and white that if an artist caused a scandal during the contract period that affected a brand’s image, they had to compensate for related losses. 
The compensation amount was not a small sum. 
Annie had signed four or five ads that year. 
Someone calculated for her that just compensating those brands would cost hundreds of millions of dollars. 
That amount was significant, even for a lucrative artist. 
When one brand after another called her, requesting termination of the contract and compensation for losses, Annie was furious and anxious. Her vision went black, and she fainted on the floor with a "bang." 
On the other side, Rose Liall heard the commotion. 
Pushing open the door, she saw Annie Lawrence lying motionless on the ground. 
Her face turned pale with fright, and she crouched down, grabbing Annie’s arm and shaking it vigorously a few times. "Annie, what’s wrong with you? Don’t scare mom." 
"Somebody, help!" Rose shook Annie a few more times, but she still didn’t wake up. Rose screamed in panic, "Call an ambulance! Hurry!" 
* 
Because of Joanna’s clarification Blog post, many people learned that she had been bullied by her stepmother and stepsister and felt sympathy for her. 
Most people tend to sympathize with the weak. 
Netizens online realized that this newcomer who was often criticized on social media had not had it easy in the past. 
It turned out she lived in an unhappy family. 
Someone revealed that Joanna had gone for an audition at their film crew. The director was initially satisfied with her, but because Annie had put in a word, the director didn’t want to offend Annie and found an excuse to eliminate Joanna.
###Chapter 1368: Chapter 1984: The Assistant Who Often Beats Himself
The person who revealed the information said: I was there at the time, and Joanna Lawrence’s acting skills are really good, not the kind of vase you think she is. I’m not an online troll, and I don’t have any private interaction with her. I just think it’s not fair to call her a vase without watching her performances first. 
"Since everyone is revealing information, let me share one too. Joanna Lawrence also came to our film crew for auditions. Honestly, she is not the kind of vase without any acting skills that you think she is. Our director also appreciated her, saying that her performance was very spiritual, and her appearance was good. She would definitely become popular in the future. Of course, in the end, she wasn’t chosen not because she didn’t perform well, but for the reason that you all know." 
"Let me reveal something I know as well. I’ve known for a long time that Annie Lawrence is not as she appears on the surface. Yes, I am a former employee of Galaxy Agency. When I was still working there, I saw Annie bullying her assistant more than once. Slapping her assistant in the face was a common thing for her. What you can’t imagine is that she hit the assistant because she thought the assistant looked like Joanna Lawrence, so she vented her anger on the assistant." 
"About Annie Lawrence hitting her assistant, I can attest to that. The female assistant was only nineteen years old, a delicate and pretty girl with a soft and cute personality. Seeing her being bullied by Annie Lawrence, we were all very angry, but at that time Annie relied on her relationship with David Benington in Galaxy Agency, and we, as small employees, didn’t dare to say anything about her. It’s only now that she’s run into bad times that we dare to expose her." 
Not long after. 
Someone dug up the female assistant’s blog. 
The latest entry of the female assistant’s blog, posted not long after Annie Lawrence’s scandal broke. 
The female assistant’s blog is called "Working Super Hard". 
Working Super Hard: Good and evil will always be rewarded. What goes around, comes around. 
Some people read the assistant’s previous posts and suddenly felt pity for her. 
It turned out that the female assistant had suffered from severe depression at one point. 
She suffered from depression because she was unhappy at work every day, constantly in a state of repression, tension, and fear. In her blog, she said she was scared that if she did something wrong, she would be slapped by her employer. 
She said that she never felt relaxed when facing her employer. 
She didn’t know why her employer would always say she looked like another person when hitting her, saying that just looking at her made her angry and wanting to hit her. 
The employer the assistant is talking about must be Annie Lawrence. 
So her previous blog posts have proved what the whistleblower said before. 
Annie Lawrence often hit her own assistant. 
And the reason for hitting the assistant was because she thought the assistant looked like Joanna Lawrence. 
It shows how deep her hatred for Joanna Lawrence must be. 
Netizens who dug up these scandals were shocked. 
"Oh my god, Annie Lawrence is so terrifying. What qualifications does she have to hit a female assistant? The girl was just working at Galaxy Agency, not her personal slave she bought. Never thought that, she looks like a friendly goddess on the surface, but is as terrifying as a witch in private." 
"It’s absolutely shocking. Annie Lawrence, a female artist with extremely bad behavior, doesn’t she deserve to be blocked? The poor female assistant is so pitiful to have been bullied into depression. Fortunately, she has now escaped from the suffering."
###Chapter 1369: Chapter 1985: Joanna Lawrence, are you even human?
"Actually, thinking about it, Joanna Lawrence is quite pitiful too. Her mother died early, and then her father brought home a stepmother. This stepmother and her own daughter bullied her and her brother. But, she’s coming through now and she’s got a boyfriend who dotes on her a lot. I’m certain no one would dare to bully her in the future." 
"Yeah, I used to dislike Joanna a lot. But thinking about it now, she indeed is quite pitiful. All of a sudden, I find myself unable to hate her anymore." 
"They say Joanna hasn’t had any representative works in the several years since her debut. Having a sister who always schemed behind her back, what good resources would she get?" 
"Hahaha, so is Joanna, the scheming bitch, going to start playing the sympathy card now?" 
"Even if Annie Lawrence isn’t any good, I still hate Joanna! She’s nothing but an innocence pretender, there’s no washing that clean!" 
"Hate Joanna+1" 
"Hate Joanna+10086" 
"Those of you who say you hate Joanna, does our darling Joanna crave for your affection? It’s enough that her fans love her, who cares if you like her or not. Are you panicked now that your idol’s ugly true face has been exposed?" 
"Clearly, Annie’s fans are panicking." 
A series of scandals utterly destroyed the positive image that Annie Lawrence had carefully built up previously. 
The negative news about her was still on the rise. 
Many people understood that Annie, with so many scandals being exposed this time, is likely beyond any redemption. 
When the wall falls, everyone pushes. 
Moreover, Annie’s character was never likable in the first place. 
Once her negative news broke out, not even a single person in her industry came forward to defend her. This shows just how poor her interpersonal relationship was within the circle. 
Some of the pseudo-sisters who seemed to have a good relationship with her in the past were also rushing to distance themselves from her at this moment. 
Anyone with clear vision can see that Annie Lawrence is now absolutely done for. 
In the past, she still had David Benington to help her out. 
But now, she has broken up with David, and even the Benington Group has been acquired by the Heath Group. Even David himself is struggling to survive. 
The fate of this bastard man and cheap woman is now applauded by many. 
* 
"Wow, Joanna, Annie is absolutely finished this time. She deserves it, seeing her end up like this is simply exhilarating. You’ve fought a great battle here." 
Nina was scrolling through blogs, her face full of excitement. 
"I really didn’t expect her to have such a malicious mind, even bullying her own assistant. Moreover, she bullied that assistant because she thought the assistant looked like you. That’s too perverse!" 
Thinking about how Joanna treated her, Nina felt relieved that she did not end up with a perverse woman like Annie. 
In contrast, Joanna Lawrence was simply an angel. 
Joanna Lawrence looked at all the various comments about Annie. After a while, she logged out of the blog. 
She never planned to push Annie Lawrence to her death. 
Annie Lawrence’s downfall is entirely due to her own deeds. 
As for what the outcome would be for Annie Lawrence in the future, she no longer cared. 
However, based on the scandals exposed now, it seems that just like Lisha Alcock, Annie Lawrence is beyond redemption. 
Her phone suddenly rang. 
Joanna Lawrence lowered her head and took a look. Seeing the Caller ID, she squinted her eyes, and only picked up after a few seconds. 
As soon as she answered, an angry voice came from the phone, "Joanna Lawrence, are you even human? Are you not satisfied until you push Annie to death?"
###Chapter 1370: Chapter 1986: She Wishes Annie Would Go Die
"That blog post that Annie sent, are you the one behind it? You’ve completely ruined her, she doesn’t even want to live, you know?" 
"If anything happens to Annie, I swear I will never forgive you!" 
Hearing the near-roaring voice of Rose Liall, Joanna Lawrence fell silent, her voice cold: "What is Mrs. Rose raving about? I don’t understand. How is it my problem if Annie Lawrence doesn’t want to live? How does it suddenly become my fault that I am forcing her to die?" 
"Joanna Lawrence, Annie is in the hospital now! She hasn’t regained consciousness!" Rose Liall said angrily, "All because of you. If anything happens to Annie, I will not let you off." 
"Are you done?" Joanna’s tone was devoid of any emotion. 
"Joanna Lawrence, I demand that you immediately make a clarification. You and David have been broken up for quite some time. Annie never interfered in your relationship. If for no other reason than the kindness the Lawrence family has shown you, you cannot treat Annie like this." 
"She is the Lawrence family’s only blood heir. If anything happens to her because of you, can you live with the guilt? Because of you, she and David have already broken up, she also lost her child, and now do you also want to ruin her career, to leave her with nothing?" 
"Do you really want to drive her to death?" 
"All it takes is one statement from you, proving that she didn’t cheat on you. We can let things from the past be past." 
Joanna Lawrence found it almost laughable: "Mrs. Rose, the Lawrence family does owe me, but that has nothing to do with you two. Whatever Annie’s outcome is—she has brought it upon herself. It isn’t that I want to take away everything she has; it’s that you and your daughter want to take away everything I have." 
"It’s just that your wishful thinking didn’t work out." 
"What she wants to do with her life has nothing to do with me. There’s no need for you to call me again. I won’t be answering your calls anymore." 
After finishing, Joanna Lawrence didn’t give Rose Liall an opportunity to respond and hung up the phone directly. 
Then she blocked Rose Liall’s number. 
Given how frantic Rose Liall was, it seemed that Annie Lawrence really had been hospitalized. 
Though even if Annie Lawrence were seeking death, that had nothing to do with her. 
* 
At the hospital. 
After being hung up on, Rose Liall’s face turned dark. 
She immediately tried to call again, but when she found out she had been blocked by Joanna Lawrence, she turned completely livid. 
"That despicable wretch!" 
She was so angry that she nearly smashed her phone. 
The door to the hospital room was pushed open. 
A worried Benjamin Lawrence walked in, and upon seeing his unconscious daughter, Annie, he quickly walked to Rose Liall’s side and asked anxiously, "What happened to Annie? Has she not yet regained consciousness?" 
Rose Liall lifted her head. There were tears in her eyes. They were bloodshot as she looked at him. 
Then the tears fell. 
The moment he saw her like this, the atmosphere froze, and her heart sank. 
He said anxiously, "What exactly happened to Annie? What did the doctors say?" 
"Benjamin, your daughter has been treated terribly. We raised an ingrate, she wants to kill Annie now!" 
Benjamin Lawrence was shocked: "Annie has been bullied? Who has she been bullied by?" 
"Isn’t it the ingrate that you’ve raised? Now that she’s found her biological parents, who are more powerful backers, she’s begun to step on the Lawrence family. You’ve treated her as affectionately as your own daughter all these years; even Annie was left in the shade." 
"And what did she do to repay you? Your only biological daughter has been bullied by her to the point of hospitalization, she’s even contemplating suicide. I called pleading with her to spare Annie, but she just said she’d be better off dead, she’s practically wishing for Annie’s
###Chapter 1371: Chapter 1987: No Significant Status in Her Heart
"If I had known she would be such an ungrateful white-eyed wolf, you should have just thrown her into an orphanage back then. Who cares if she lives or dies?" 
Benjamin Lawrence paused for a few seconds before frowning and saying, "Are you saying Annie’s hospitalization is because of Joanna?" 
"Who else could it be!" Rose Liall was gnashing her teeth in anger. "Your beloved daughter is now trying to ride roughshod over us." 
"Impossible," Benjamin denied immediately, "Must be some misunderstanding. How could Joanna possibly cause Annie to be hospitalized? Did you say Joanna found her biological parents? Was that true?" 
"What’s there to lie about? She has even acknowledged them, and you still don’t know? It seems like you, her adoptive father, doesn’t hold any importance in her heart. She didn’t even tell you about such an important matter. Well, now she’s the well-bred lady of the White family. How could she look up to us?" 
"The White family?" Benjamin’s face was filled with disbelief. "Joanna’s real parents are from the White family?" 
"Back then, wasn’t it someone from the White family who sent Joanna to you? How could you not know who her biological parents are?" 
"At that time, her parents’ last name was not White." Benjamin hesitated for a while before coming to his senses, "My boss’s last name used to be Cheng, could it be... he changed his last name?" 
"Last name Cheng?" Rose Liall’s face changed slightly. "Could it be that Joanna is not the daughter of the White family? But that doesn’t add up. Annie said that the paternity test she conducted was done with Joanna’s blood. The paternity test results showed that Madam White and Joanna were mother and daughter." 
"What did you say? Annie did a paternity test?" 
Rose Liall met Benjamin’s suspicious gaze and realized she had let something slip. 
She quickly tried to cover it up, "Oh, it’s nothing. Anyway, your precious daughter is now the daughter of the White family and has acknowledged her biological parents without telling you. She didn’t inform you, probably fearing that you would stop her and not let her return." 
"Now that she has the White family as her support, she’s been bullying Annie terribly." 
"Old Laurence, are you just going to stand by and watch her bully Annie?" 
"Annie is your own daughter. Are you just going to let Joanna keep bullying her?" 
Benjamin’s face looked a bit sullen, and after a long pause, he said, "Why would she bully Annie?" 
"Of course, it’s because she thinks Annie stole David away from her, so she wants to take revenge on Annie. Initially, she was the one who hooked up with a richer guy and had to break up with David. Does that mean that just because she and David dated, Annie can’t be with David anymore?" 
"She hired someone to block Annie, and even had someone create rumors and smear Annie on the Internet. Annie couldn’t take all the scolding and fainted." 
Benjamin tightened his lips, looking at Annie, who was still unconscious in bed, his face gradually darkening. 
* 
Joanna had just removed her makeup and changed her clothes. After walking out of the dressing room of the film crew, she received a call from Benjamin. 
She looked at the caller ID, hesitated for a few seconds, then answered the call. 
"Dad." 
The entire call lasted less than a minute. 
Then, Benjamin hung up on the other side. 
Joanna stared blankly at the phone screen for a while, then tightened her lips, stood for a while, and finally turned to walk towards the parking lot. 
"Ms. Joanna." 
The driver saw her and respectfully greeted her.
###Chapter 1372: Chapter 1988: Come out with me, I have something to ask you
Joanna nodded and got into the car. Then, she sent a message to Gary White. 
Madam White cooked dinner again that evening, inviting her and Gary White to come over for dinner. 
"Mr. Vane, let’s not go home yet. Let’s go to the hospital." Joanna turned her head and looked outside the window. Thinking of the words Benjamin Lawrence had just said on the phone, the light in her eyes dimmed. 
"Alright, Ms. Joanna." 
* 
Half an hour later, at the entrance of the hospital. 
Joanna got out of the car, put on a mask, and walked into the hospital lobby. 
After entering the elevator, she pressed the floor number Benjamin had told her. 
There were a few female nurses in the elevator as well. 
When Joanna entered, she heard them discussing, "Did you guys check the hot search on Blog today? The gossip today is so big. I’ve been scrolling it all day long and can’t stop." 
"You’re talking about the gossip about Joanna and Annie? I’ve also been checking it all day. I didn’t expect the plot to twist like this. I thought Annie was pretty good, but she turned out to be so disgusting." 
"You thought she was good because the company created a good image for her. Nowadays, the real personality of celebrities is different from their public image. Don’t trust them too much." 
"I heard Annie was sent to our hospital. They said she was unconscious when she was brought in. Did she try to commit suicide after being so upset?" 
"After this scandal, her career is pretty much over. No matter how she tries to whitewash, she’ll never be able to clear her name." 
"Sigh, do you guys think men nowadays find the shit outside attractive? Joanna is very pretty and looks like a fairy, much better looking than Annie. But David still cheated with Annie." 
"Homegrown flowers are never as fragrant as wild ones, no matter how beautiful the woman by their side is, they can’t stop men from wanting to go outside and mess around." 
No one noticed Joanna while they were discussing so passionately. 
It wasn’t until Joanna’s floor arrived and she had already exited the elevator that the nurses realized there had been an extra person. 
"Huh, did you guys feel like that woman just now looked familiar?" 
"I also felt she looked familiar, like we’ve seen her somewhere before." 
"I feel the same." 
"Let me think... That woman just now... I remember, don’t you think she looked like Joanna?" 
* 
High-end VIP ward where Annie was staying. 
Joanna walked to the door of the hospital room and knocked. 
"Come in." Benjamin Lawrence’s voice came from inside the room. 
Joanna opened the door and walked in. She saw Benjamin and Rose Liall sitting by the hospital bed. 
Seeing her, Rose gritted her teeth and looked at Joanna with deep hatred, "Joanna, you finally came." 
Ignoring her, Joanna walked straight towards Benjamin. 
When she reached him, she stopped and softly called out, "Dad." 
Benjamin looked a bit more haggard than before, and his complexion didn’t look very good. 
He didn’t respond to her immediately. 
After tucking the blanket for Annie, who was lying on the hospital bed, he looked up at Joanna and said flatly, "You’re here." 
"Yeah." Joanna felt a little sour in her heart as she thought of their last argument and saw Benjamin’s indifferent attitude now. "Dad, has your health not been good lately?" 
"It’s not good or bad, it’s just how it has always been." Benjamin glanced at her again, stood up, and said, "Come with me, I have something to ask you." 
After saying that, he walked out of the hospital room first. 
Joanna lowered her head and looked at Annie, who hadn’t woken up yet. A few seconds later, she turned around and followed Benjamin out.
###Chapter 1373: Chapter 1989: Is it all my fault?
As they passed by Rose Liall, she gritted her teeth and glared at Joanna. 
Joanna pretended not to notice and followed her father outside the hospital room. 
* 
In the long corridor, Joanna reached out and closed the door to the hospital room. 
She looked at Benjamin Lawrence standing in front, walked over and gently called, "Dad." 
Benjamin turned around. 
Father and daughter hadn’t seen each other for a long time. 
Due to the previous conflict, they had no contact during the period. 
Both were holding some grudges. 
Seeing Benjamin’s slightly haggard face compared to before, Joanna felt a little sour and worried in her heart. She was silent for a while before asking, "Dad, how have you been feeling lately? Mrs. Rose Lawrence told me you got sick. Did you go to the hospital? What did the doctor say?" 
After such a long time, the resentment and anger from before had long faded away. 
Joanna was grateful to Benjamin Lawrence. 
She wasn’t his biological daughter. 
But Benjamin Lawrence treated her pretty well. 
In the earlier years, he was very affectionate towards her and Jeremy. 
When Mrs. Madelyn Lawrence died later, he married Rose Liall and began to neglect her and Jeremy. 
But as a father, he fulfilled all his responsibilities. 
"Same old, I don’t need to see any doctor." 
After not seeing each other for a while, Benjamin noticed that his eldest daughter had changed a lot. 
Jenna had always been very beautiful. Whoever saw her praised him for having a daughter who looked like a fairy. 
Now, Joanna was even more beautiful than before. 
Although her facial features hadn’t changed much, her overall appearance was even more stunning than before. 
Even he felt dazzled when he looked at her. 
Her clothing style was also different from before. 
The clothes she wore were simple in design, but one could tell they were of high quality. 
Her eyes were more radiant than before. 
Benjamin thought about what Rose Liall had said, and for a moment, he unavoidably felt disheartened. He was also disappointed. 
The daughter he had raised single-handedly. 
Although she wasn’t his blood relation, he knew that Joanna wasn’t the kind of person who would seek to cling to power. 
Therefore, he believed she couldn’t have kept her return to the White family a secret from him out of fear that he would stop her from acknowledging her true relationship. 
But if she had indeed acknowledged her biological parents and hadn’t told him, Benjamin would feel very hurt. 
"What exactly happened with your sister?" Benjamin thought of the still comatose Annie and frowned, "Did you two have a misunderstanding? Since we’re family, can’t we sit down and talk things through instead of making a big fuss like this?" 
"Right now, your sister still hasn’t woken up. Joanna, even if you and Annie aren’t blood-related sisters, you grew up together. You are both my daughters. Don’t you have any feelings for her at all?" 
"What kind of misunderstanding could be so severe? Are you still blaming Annie for being with David Benington? Do you think Annie stole him away from you?" 
Jenna raised her head, her eyes full of disbelief and hurt. 
"Dad, is that what you think of me?" 
She couldn’t believe that Benjamin would say something like that. 
Between the lines, he was biased towards Annie. 
"Do you think I haven’t treated Annie well enough, that I haven’t ever seen her as my sister? Do you think it’s my fault that she’s in the hospital now?" With each word Joanna said, her heart grew colder.
###Chapter 1374: Chapter 1990: Don’t forget, you grew up in the Lawrence family.
Parents’ favoritism is a common thing. 
There’s never been a bowl of water that’s perfectly balanced. 
However, what Benjamin Lawrence was doing at the moment still made Joanna heartbroken. 
He blamed all the faults on her alone. 
He never bothered to think whether Annie had done any wrong too. 
Benjamin Lawrence met Joanna’s injured gaze, his face changed color, and he belatedly realized that he might have said the wrong thing. 
But he was unsatisfied with Joanna’s attitude. 
When he thought back to what Rose Liall had said, he thought that Joanna’s attitude now may be due to her looking down on him. 
She had found her birth parents. 
Now she was the daughter of the White family. 
The gap between the Lawrence family and the White family was a hundred, a thousand times. 
It was normal for her to look down on him, a useless adoptive father. 
As he thought about it, Benjamin Lawrence felt his self-esteem being hurt. 
He frowned, "Is this how you talk to your elders? Are you questioning me? Joanna, do you think that now that you’ve found your birth parents, I, as your adoptive father, don’t matter to you anymore?" 
"Don’t forget, you grew up in the Lawrence family." 
"Even if you’re the well-bred lady of the White family, so what? Do you think you can put on airs in front of me because of this status? I don’t buy your act!" 
Joanna was stunned for a few seconds, watching Benjamin’s face grow red with anger. Her heart seemed to plummet instantly into an ice cellar.
From the inside out, her heart was thoroughly chilled. 
Benjamin still looked very angry, "If you want to find your birth parents, I won’t stop you. All these years, I’ve been looking into your parents’ situation, just that there hasn’t been any news. But why did you hide it from me? Even Rose knows about it, and I’m being kept in the dark." 
"Do you plan to hide it from me for the rest of your life?" 
"Are you afraid that I’ll stop you from finding your parents?" 
Joanna remained silent throughout the conversation. 
After Benjamin finished speaking, she finally loosened her tight grip on her fingers, her lips curved, and her eyes filled with mockery said, "Dad, so that’s who I am in your heart. I’m ungrateful, cruel, disrespectful to my father, and I even sent my own sister to the hospital." 
"Having raised such a thankless daughter, do you regret taking me in back then?" 
"I don’t want to talk about Annie’s situation. Just think of me as a thankless person. I don’t have a sister like her. Only Jeremy and you are my family. As for the others, I’ve never treated them as family." 
"Of course, they never treated me as family either. It’s just an equal relationship." 
"As for my birth parents, I didn’t mean to hide it from you. We had all agreed to talk to you about this, but now..." 
"And, my finding my birth parents is not what you think. I never wanted to hide it from you, I’ve always wanted to tell you." 
"But I guess no matter what I say now, you won’t believe it." 
"In your heart, you’ve concluded that I’m an ungrateful person." 
Benjamin Lawrence frowned. 
"I thought this meeting would be a pleasant experience, at least not as bad as last time. It seems that I was wrong." Joanna said with a self-mocking smile, "If you called me here just to talk about Annie’s situation, then I have nothing to say."
###Chapter 1375: Chapter 1991: Gratitude? You’re Not Worthy
"Dad, I have some things to deal with. I’m leaving first." 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t want to say another word. 
She felt weary in her heart. 
Even though she knew full well that these words could only have been spurred by Rose Liall’s attempts to sow discord, it still left her feeling cold. 
If Rose Liall could successfully create such dissonance, it indicated that Benjamin must also harbor such thoughts. 
Otherwise, if he truly believed in her, he wouldn’t have taken Rose Liall’s words to heart. 
This was not the first time such a thing had happened. 
When she still lived in the Lawrence residence, Rose Liall frequently tried to wedge a rift between her and her father. 
Her relationship with Benjamin Lawrence had deteriorated largely due to Rose Liall’s repeated instigations. 
In the past, Joanna was willing to explain herself. 
But eventually, she didn’t even feel like explaining anymore. 
Just like now. 
She could easily clarify the situation. 
But, she felt there was no longer a need to explain. 
"Joanna Lawrence, stay where you are!" 
The hospital room door was pushed open with a bang, and Rose Liall stormed out, her face filled with rage. 
"You think you can just walk away like that? The issue with Annie still isn’t resolved. You’re not allowed to leave!" With Benjamin Lawrence present, Rose Liall was true to her bellicose character, catching up to Joanna and grabbing her arm, forbidding her to go. 
She screamed at the top of her sharp, piercing voice, sounding as if she had been stepped on, "Without the issue with Annie resolved, you’re not allowed to leave!" 
"Let go." The moment Joanna was grabbed, her expression changed dramatically. She turned around, glared at her with cold eyes. 
Upon meeting her stare, Rose Liall was surprised and a little scared. 
However, with Benjamin Lawrence by her side, she straightened up, becoming bolder to yell, "Why are you being edgy? I am your elder. Is that how you treat your elders? Now that you’ve become the well-bred lady of the White family, you don’t even consider your elders anymore." 
"Joanna Lawrence, don’t forget who brought you up!" 
"Now it’s time for you to repay our kindness." 
As Joanna watched Rose Liall’s mouth moving, her patience was almost at its breaking point. Taking a deep breath, she looked at Rose Liall with contempt. Word by word, she said, "Pay back? You don’t deserve it." 
"You!" Rose Liall, enraged and humiliated, raised her hand, intending to slap Joanna’s face. 
Joanna was not about to let her have her way. 
Before Rose Liall’s hand could reach her, her attempt was thwarted. 
Joanna grabbed Rose Liall’s hand and slapped it back, landing a sharp blow on her face. 
With a "smack," Rose Liall’s face instantly sported the imprint of five fingers. 
After slapping her, Joanna pushed her away. 
Stumbling backwards, Rose Liall would have fallen had Benjamin Lawrence not steadied her. 
She covered her face, looked up, her eyes filling with disbelief and fury, "Joanna Lawrence, I am your mother. How dare you hit me!" 
"You are not my mother." Joanna, coldly looking at her, said, "You asked for this slap." 
"You..." 
With her hand on her face, Rose Liall was so furious that she was about to lose her mind. She pushed Benjamin Lawrence away, raised her hand, intending to retaliate. 
But again, just like before, she failed. 
Just as she raised her hand, a figure appeared around the corner of the corridor. He quickly stepped forward and grabbed her hand. 
Seeing the person who stopped her, Rose Liall’s face changed surprisingly. And she stepped back fearfully by a step.
###Chapter 1376: Chapter 1992: It’s Better to be Dead
Joanna Lawrence was surprised to see the man beside her, "Ashton Heath, how did you get here?" 
Ashton Heath didn’t answer her question. 
He looked coldly at Rose Liall, loosened his grip, and pushed her away disdainfully.
He took a handkerchief from his bag, and forcefully wiped his fingers. After wiping them, he threw the handkerchief into a nearby trash can. 
His icy gaze lingered on Rose Liall for a few seconds, then he turned his head to look at Benjamin Lawrence, who was standing beside her. 
"You watch this madwoman bullying your daughter and remain unmoved?" Ashton Heath’s eyes were cold, and so was his voice. 
He directly called Rose Liall a madwoman. 
Rose’s face changed at the sound of this, and her expression became very ugly. 
Benjamin’s face was not much better. He tightened his lips, and after a moment of silence, he said in a deep voice, "Since you call me father-in-law, you should know how to address Rose. She is your mother-in-law. You are treating her with too little respect." 
"Mother-in-law?" 
Ashton Heath, as if he had heard some amusing joke, responded coldly, "She’s not worthy." 
"You!" 
Rose Liall, in complete shame, didn’t dare to say anything to Ashton Heath. Instead, she turned her head, grabbed Benjamin Lawrence’s arm, and complained bitterly, "Benjamin, look at how your daughter and son-in-law are bullying me. I’m being bullied to this extent, I’d rather be dead." 
"What am I still living for? This is too humiliating." 
She said, and let go of her grasp, pretending to throw herself against the wall. 
Benjamin, both anxious and angry, held her back: "What are you doing!" 
Rose Liall burst into tears, and while crying, she pushed away Benjamin’s hand and sat down on the ground. 
She began to make a scene like a shrew, shouting, "I don’t want to live anymore, I don’t want to live anymore. I’ve been bullied like this, and you’re not even helping me. What’s the point of living?" 
"I might as well just die." 
"Why are you stopping me? Just let me die!" 
Rose Liall had always been poorly behaved. 
She met Benjamin at a bar where she used to work as a waitress. 
One could say that she deployed some scheming to get to know Benjamin, and eventually made him marry her. 
"What are you doing? Get up." Benjamin frowned and reached out to help her, but Rose Liall refused to get up from the ground. 
She continued sobbing and wailing, "I don’t want to live anymore, I don’t want to live anymore." 
It was Ashton Heath’s first time seeing a woman act so disgraceful. 
This woman was his mother-in-law in name only. 
His brow furrowed, his eyes filled with disgust. Even though she was only his mother-in-law in name, he still felt nauseated by her behavior. 
Benjamin also found Rose’s current behavior extremely embarrassing. 
Although there weren’t many people coming and going in the hospital area, some still occasionally passed by. 
If anyone saw this, it would be utterly disgraceful. 
When Benjamin married Rose, he knew she could not compare to his previous wife. 
He also knew about Rose’s shortcomings. 
No one is perfect, and he felt that as long as it wasn’t too big of an issue, he could accept it. 
But at this moment, Benjamin truly felt extremely embarrassed. 
Although he was also disgusted by Rose’s behavior, she was still his wife after all.
###Chapter 1377: Chapter 1993: Don’t Drive Your Daughter to a Dead End
Thinking of what Ashton Heath had just said, as well as Joanna’s slap on Rose Liall’s face just now, Benjamin Lawrence furrowed his brows, raised his head, and restrained his anger, saying, "What do you want? Are you really trying to push her to death? Joanna, Rose is your elder. How can you hit her?" 
"You’re being unreasonable!" 
"Even if you don’t like her, she’s still my wife and your stepmother. How can you treat your stepmother like this?" 
At this moment, Joanna felt extremely disappointed in Benjamin Lawrence. 
He was there just now. 
He clearly saw that it was Rose who made the first move. If she hadn’t stopped her, Rose would have slapped her face. 
"Mr. Lawrence, I think you’re mistaken about something," Ashton Heath said, looking at his little wife beside him with a sad expression on her face. His gaze grew cold, and when he started to speak again, his address to Benjamin Lawrence had changed. 
His voice had also grown colder. 
He coldly said, "Those worthy of respect are elders. Some people who are not worthy of respect are not considered elders to me and Joanna. Moreover, Mr. Lawrence is not so old and blind that he can’t see if it’s this woman beside you who’s bullying Joanna or if it’s Joanna who’s bullying her." 
"What I saw just now was her trying to slap Joanna. And you didn’t stop her." 
"If you can’t bear to see this woman by your side get bullied, of course, I can’t bear to see anyone bully my wife. It’s not just Mr. Lawrence who knows how to protect his wife." 
As Ashton spoke, he held Joanna in his arms. 
There was not a hint of a smile on his face and his eyes were even colder. 
Joanna looked at Benjamin’s face red with anger and worried that he might get sick from his rage. She opened her mouth to speak but heard Ashton coldly say, "Mr. Lawrence, do you think you’re completely clueless about how this woman beside you and Annie treated Joanna? You’re so biased; have you ever considered Joanna’s feelings? Since you don’t want to care for her, I will." 
"She’s already my wife, Ashton Heath, and a member of the Heath family. I won’t allow anyone to bully her. Not even her parents. Rose, this is my last warning to you. If you dare do anything else to hurt Joanna, Annie’s punishment will be much worse than it is now." 
"If not for the kindness the Lawrence family has shown Joanna, do you think blocking her is all that would happen?" 
"Don’t force your daughter into a dead end." 
After saying that, Ashton stopped paying them any attention. He lowered his head to look at the girl in his arms, his voice gentle but somber, "Joanna, shall I take you away from here?" 
Joanna slowly raised her head from his chest. 
She looked at Benjamin Lawrence, who turned his head away with a sullen expression. 
Joanna mockingly hooked her lips, thinking her previous worry was quite ridiculous. 
"Yes." Without any hesitation, she nodded her head. 
Ashton held her and they turned around. Rose wanted to stop them, but as soon as she moved, two bodyguards stepped forward and blocked her path. 
Seeing this, Rose’s face changed and she didn’t dare to chase after them. 
Seeing Joanna about to disappear around the corner of the corridor, she angrily shouted, "Joanna Lawrence, you are ungrateful and heartless! You will be struck by lightning!" 
"You will get what you deserve!" 
* 
Joanna followed Ashton Heath to the parking lot and then got into the car with him.
###Chapter 1378: Chapter 1291: So, are you praising me?
* 
Joanna Lawrence followed Ashton Heath to the parking lot and then got into his car. 
"Still upset?" Ashton Heath looked at his wife, who was silent and sad, and gently held her in his arms. 
His large hand landed on her head, gently stroking it twice: "Don’t be sad anymore, you have many other people who love you. There’s me, Jeremy, and Madam White. Don’t be sad for those who are not worth it. I would be heartbroken, understand?" 
Joanna leaned on the man’s firm, warm chest and smelled the familiar scent of him. Her heart instantly became incredibly calm. 
She felt like she was in a dream. 
It was only the clear heartbeat in her ears and the warmth she felt in her hand that made her feel real, 
Allowing her to clearly feel that the man beside her truly existed. 
Ashton Heath, truly came to Frankfurt, to be by her side. 
But she recalled that he had clearly mentioned he would be busy for the next half month and would not have time to see her. 
"Ashton Heath, why are you here?" Joanna Lawrence leaned on him for a while and slowly raised her head. She reached out to touch his handsome face, "Aren’t you at work? You said you would be busy these days, so why do you have time to come?" 
"Are you here on a business trip?" 
Ashton Heath caught her small hand, moved it to his lips, and softly whispered as his warm, moist lips touched her palm: "Not a business trip, but to find you." 
"I saw the video of Rose Liall slandering you online. I originally wanted to help you deal with it, but Gary White said you wanted to handle it yourself, so I didn’t interfere. You resolved it very well, better than the methods I could think of." 
"I just realized that my baby doesn’t need my help in everything. Even without me, you can handle things very well." 
Upon hearing his praise, Joanna felt her mood improve a little. 
There was also a hint of a smile on her face, as she asked lightly, "So, are you complimenting me?" 
"Yeah." Ashton Heath also chuckled softly, seeing the smile on Joanna’s face which made his expression more relaxed, "Your husband is praising you, my baby, you are truly amazing." 
It has to be said that Ashton Heath’s appearance at this time brought Joanna a lot of comfort. 
When she was in a particularly bad mood, the person she loved appeared in time to be with her. 
Although she still felt a little sad deep down, it was much better compared to being alone. 
Her mood had been really terrible and unbearable. 
She almost couldn’t help but cry. 
She couldn’t care less about how Rose Liall and Annie Lawrence treated her. 
But she did have feelings for Benjamin Lawrence. 
Being hurt by someone you care about, how could she not be sad? 
"You already knew I had resolved it, so why did you still come to find me?" 
"I’m worried about you." The man’s deep, dark eyes stared at her, "So I came. It seems now that it’s worth the trip. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even know that my baby had been wronged and bullied." 
Joanna Lawrence felt that her mood had improved a lot. 
However, upon hearing the soothing words spoken softly by the man, her nose suddenly turned sour and her eyes turned red. 
She really felt wronged. 
"Crying?" Ashton Heath pinched her chin and lifted it, seeing her tearful black eyes, he frowned, "Why are you crying? Did I say something wrong?"
###Chapter 1379: Chapter 1292: Thank You for Coming Today
"No." Joanna Lawrence sniffed, fighting back the urge to cry, she puckered her lips and said, "Ashton Heath, thank you for coming today. I’m really happy that it’s you by my side now." 
Ashton Heath furrowed his eyebrows at the girl in his arms, whose eyes were as red as a little bunny. He relaxed his fingers on her lower jaw, gently cupped her face, and kissed her forehead, "Baby, are you silly or not. I’m your husband, it’s only right for me to do anything for you. Is this worth crying over?" 
"If you miss me, I’ll make time to come around more often." 
"Stop crying, alright?" 
He tugged gently at Joanna Lawrence’s face, "Since you’re so happy to see me, how about giving your husband a smile?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Alright, don’t be upset. I’ll take you to eat something delicious?" Ashton Heath tried his best to cheer his wife up, "Do you want to go eat fondue?" 
Sure enough, Joanna Lawrence was quickly attracted by the delicious food. 
Her eyes lit up: "Eat fondue, can you handle that?" 
"Isn’t there a split pot? I can have the clear soup," Ashton Heath said, and took out his phone to call Cody Aberton, asking him to find out which fondue restaurant in Frankfurt was best. 
Cody Aberton indeed was a jack of all trades. He quickly found a few well-reviewed fondue restaurants and sent the names and addresses to Ashton Heath’s phone. 
Ashton Heath looked at the navigation and chose the nearest one they could go to. 
*
Ten minutes later. 
Ashton Heath took Joanna Lawrence to a nearby fondue restaurant. 
It wasn’t a particularly famous restaurant, nor was its decor very extravagant. The few fondue restaurants Cody Aberton found were old, famous local restaurants. The environment was average, but the food was especially authentic. 
Joanna Lawrence especially loved to eat at such places. 
Before she got out of the car, she was glad that Ashton Heath took a somewhat low-key approach today, not bringing any Lamborghini or Bugatti kind of cars. 
He drove a black Bentley. 
Although it also was a luxury car, compared to his other cars that easily cost several million dollars, it was relatively low-key. 
Joanna Lawrence, wearing a mask, was led by Ashton Heath out of the car. 
It wasn’t a holiday today and it was still daytime, so there weren’t many people eating at the fondue restaurant. 
Cody Aberton had reserved a private room for them in advance. 
When the two entered the restaurant, a waiter came forward to serve them. 
After Ashton Heath gave the reservation name, the waiter led them to the private room. 
There were a few tables of people eating in the hall. 
As soon as Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence walked in, a few girls at the table nearest to them immediately noticed Ashton Heath. 
When their eyes fell on Ashton Heath, they all exclaimed in a low voice. 
"Wow, so handsome." 
"That man in the black shirt is so handsome and stylish. Is he a celebrity? He’s too handsome." 
"Looks unfamiliar. If he’s a celebrity, then he’s probably a newcomer who’s not famous yet," 
"He’s so handsome, he’ll surely become famous sooner or later. I really want to go and take a picture with him, ask him for his contact info." 
"Okay, stop daydreaming. Didn’t you see he’s taken? The girl next to him, although she’s wearing a mask, one can tell she’s definitely pretty." 
"I think the girl next to him looks familiar, like I’ve seen her somewhere." 
"She does look familiar, I also think I’ve seen her somewhere before." 
"Don’t you guys think... the girl in the mask, doesn’t she look like that newcomer named Joanna something? Let me think... right, I remember now, her name is Joanna Lawrence."
###Chapter 1380: Chapter 1293: Not as Important as My Wife
"Joanna Lawrence? The new actress that my husband Kelvin Norman follows? Wow, I think it looks like her too." 
"If she is Joanna Lawrence, then the guy next to her must be her boyfriend? Damn, her boyfriend is actually so young and handsome, not an ugly old man at all?" 
"Didn’t someone say before that her boyfriend is really good-looking? But nobody believed it." 
* 
It had been quite a while since Joanna had fondue. 
Back in Closia, Ashton Heath didn’t like it, so she rarely ate it. 
After coming to Frankfurt, she wasn’t familiar with the area yet and had no suitable company, so she hadn’t gone either. 
She’d always thought that Closia’s fondue was the most authentic, but to her surprise, Frankfurt’s wasn’t bad at all. The flavor at Heart Fondue Restaurant, which Cody Aberton found, was also very good. 
It didn’t lose to Closia’s fondue restaurants. 
She didn’t have to restrain her appetite like other female stars, as she had an enviable non-weight gaining physique. 
She could eat whatever she wanted to her heart’s content. 
Ashton Heath had never been interested in fondue, but because Joanna loved it, he came along with her. 
During the meal, Joanna had a great time eating, while Ashton hardly touched his fork. 
He liked watching Joanna eat. 
He felt a sense of satisfaction seeing her eat happily. 
* 
Indeed, food can heal people. 
After finishing the meal, Joanna felt much better emotionally. 
Ashton also noticed that her mood had improved a lot, and he gently touched her hair: "Are you feeling better now? If there’s anything else you want to eat, I’ll go with you." 
"Don’t you need to go back?" 
Joanna put her hand in his, and Ashton led her out of the private room. 
He curled his lips: "I’m already delayed, so I won’t go back today." 
Joanna: "What about your company affairs? Did you miss out on a lot of things by coming here today?" 
"I’ve handed some affairs to Cody Aberton, and some to the Vice President. I can finish what I didn’t accomplish today by working a few extra hours tomorrow." 
Joanna really liked having Ashton accompany her. 
But only if it didn’t hold up his work. 
Hearing that he’d be working overtime tomorrow, she felt both distressed and a little guilty. 
"Alright, Baby, it’s not the first time I’ve worked overtime. Don’t look at me with that apologetic expression." Ashton led her out of the private room, speaking softly and tenderly, "I missed you and came voluntarily. I’ve said that work is important, but it doesn’t compare to the importance of my wife." 
"Since I’m already here, let’s just have fun together. Don’t let little things affect our mood, okay?" 
Joanna sighed; she truly felt sorry for him, and her heart was filled with sweetness as well. 
What does it feel like to be spoiled by someone? 
Perhaps it feels like you’re going to bubble over with happiness. 
It feels like all the happiness in the world is centered on yourself. 
"You really won’t go back today?" 
Ashton nodded and then, as if thinking of something, he furrowed his brows and feigned displeasure, "You don’t want me to stay here? Or do you have plans for tonight?" 
Joanna: "... Neither." 
Ashton then asked: "So you want me to stay?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Ashton tightened his grip on her hand and let out a deep, pleased chuckle, "Alright, since you want me to stay so badly, I won’t leave."
###Chapter 1381: Chapter 1294: Leather Bracelet with Ribbon Bow
""..." 
"Can I have some ice cream then?" Joanna stopped worrying about Ashton’s work and decided to be happy together. She did not want to think about anything else. 
Moreover, she was quite happy knowing that Ashton would not leave tonight. 
She didn’t really want him to leave. 
She just did not want to hold back his work and make him work overtime. 
"Ice cream? No." Ashton’s brow furrowed as he pinched her nose lightly, being afraid that it might hurt her. "You just had fondue, and now you want ice cream? Aren’t you afraid it will upset your stomach?" 
"But I want ice cream now." Joanna acted coquettishly with him, shaking his arm gently. "I want mango-flavored ice cream. I really, really want it right now. If I don’t get it, I’ll feel uncomfortable all over." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
"Ashton Heath, I want ice cream..." 
"Honey, I want ice cream, can you buy me one?" 
"Honey, I know you’re the best. You are the best husband in the world, the best to me." 
"Honey, honey..." 
Ashton felt that the sweet calls of ’honey’ were making his heart melt. 
At this moment, he thought that even if Joanna made an unreasonable request like wanting the stars in the sky, he would still agree. 
He was willing to give her everything she wanted. 
Not to mention an ice cream. 
His so-called principles were only for maintaining in front of others. 
In front of his beloved woman, he had no principles to speak of. 
Mango-flavored ice cream? He would buy it for her right away. 
* 
There was an ice cream shop next to the Heart Fondue Restaurant. 
There was a queue outside, and the business seemed to be doing well. 
Ashton released Joanna’s hand and tousled her hair: "Baby, wait for me here. I’ll line up and buy you the ice cream. Mango-flavored?" 
They stood under a tree. 
During summer nights, it was dark late. 
The sun had not entirely set, and there was no shade in the queue. It was still hot while waiting in line. 
Joanna really wanted to eat ice cream, but seeing so many people in line, she suddenly changed her mind: "Forget it, don’t queue anymore, I won’t eat it." 
"Didn’t you just say you wanted it?" 
"I did, but I don’t know how long it will take, so never mind." 
"I will queue, and you wait here." Ashton glanced at the crowd of people waiting in line, then said with a smile, "Wait for me, I’ll be back soon." 
Having said that, he turned and walked towards the ice cream shop. 
Joanna watched him quickly walk to the shop’s entrance. Most of the customers waiting in line were girls, and their eyes lit up as soon as Ashton stood there. 
It appeared that a few girls blushed and walked up to him, saying something. 
Joanna saw him roll up his shirt sleeves, revealing the leather bracelet with a ribbon bow she gave him. 
A man wearing a girl’s bracelet usually means that he is taken. 
Of course, the young girls understood it, and they all showed disappointed yet envious expressions after seeing Ashton’s bracelet. 
They were disappointed that such a handsome guy was already taken.
###Chapter 1382: Chapter 1295: Admiring the Perfect 100 Score
They envied the girl who had made him care so much that he voluntarily wore the leather bracelet on his wrist all the time. 
Joanna couldn’t help but smile as she watched this scene. 
Ashton Heath didn’t have to wait in line for too long. 
He went over, found someone, and talked to them for a bit. That person then gave up their spot for him. 
A few minutes later, he returned to Joanna, holding an ice cream. 
"You just had some spicy food, so don’t eat too much cold stuff. Otherwise, you might get a stomachache." Ashton handed her the half-filled box of ice cream, "I asked the clerk to add an extra serving of mango. After you finish this, you’re not allowed to eat anything else messy." 
Joanna took the ice cream from his hand, scooped up a spoonful, and fed the first bite to him. 
The sweet and greasy scent of the ice cream made the man furrow his eyebrows. He lowered his head to look at the girl’s expectant expression next to him. The words "I don’t like this, you eat it" were already on the tip of his tongue, but he forcefully swallowed them back. 
Then he obliged and opened his mouth. 
Ashton didn’t like very sweet and greasy food; the moment the ice cream entered his mouth, he felt like spitting it out. 
But he resisted the urge to vomit and forced himself to swallow it down. 
Joanna blinked her eyes: "Is it good?" 
"Hmm, not bad." Ashton swallowed the ice cream in his mouth and spoke against his heart. 
"How much did you spend on this ice cream?" Joanna asked, shaking the ice cream in her hand. 
By normal queue, it would have taken him at least half an hour. 
The reason why someone was willing to let him take their spot in line was because he had given them some kind of benefit. 
Anyway, with Ashton Heath, there was nothing that money couldn’t solve. 
Joanna figured that the price of the ice cream in her hand had been multiplied several times, or perhaps even dozens or hundreds of times. 
Anyway, according to Ashton’s style of using money to solve problems, he had no specific concept of how much he spent. 
"It’s not much money, just eat it. It’ll melt soon." Ashton picked a leaf that had fallen on Joanna’s head, tousled her hair, and wrapped his arm around her as they turned around.
Not far away. 
The girls who had asked Ashton Heath for his contact information earlier were now taking pictures of them with their phones. 
All of them had envious expressions on their faces. 
After Joanna and Ashton had left, they posted the photos they took on their Blog. 
Little Bottle Cap: I met an incredibly handsome darling at a dessert store today. His face is even more attractive than a celebrity! I mustered up the courage to ask him for his contact information, but instead of saying anything, he just lifted his sleeve to show us the leather bracelet he was wearing. So, it turns out that he has a girlfriend (heartbroken). And he even dotes on her so much, waiting in line to buy ice cream for her in such hot weather. The way he looks at his girlfriend is so indulgent; I’m jealous to the core. 
The girl posted photos of Ashton Heath picking leaves for Joanna and Joanna feeding him ice cream. 
In both of the photos she posted, Ashton was in profile. 
It wasn’t long after Little Bottle Cap’s Blog had been published that an official marketing Blog reposted it. 
This marketing official Blog had several million followers. 
As soon as it was reposted, other marketing Blogs did the same. In less than half an hour, the post was shared over five thousand times and garnered several thousand comments. 
Moreover, the number of shares and comments continued to rise.
###Chapter 1383: Chapter 1296: Girls, I can do it too!
The photos taken by little bottle cap were all side shots of Ashton Heath, but just from the side profile, one can tell how handsome the man in the photos is. 
The high, straight nose, the flawless jawline, the deep, alluring facial contours. 
And judging from the photos, his height must be at least 6 feet 1 inch tall. 
That figure... could rival a supermodel’s. 
Just a side profile was already so handsome that it made people want to scream. 
Even those young idols in the industry who gained popularity based on their looks seemed completely outshined in comparison with him. 
Someone asked under the original blog post: "Is this promoting a new person? The guy looks pretty good. He has the charm of a mature man and the cool, passionate temperament of a young wolf-dog, just the type I like." 
The author of the original blog post, the little bottle cap girl, replied: No promotion here, I just met this guy passing by. I don’t know if he’s in the entertainment industry, but he looks so unfamiliar, and I thought he looked exceptionally handsome, so I couldn’t help but take a few shots. 
"Indeed, the man is very handsome, the kind of good-looking and enduringly attractive man. He looks new to the eye, but the girl next to him seems familiar." 
The number of retweets of Little Bottle Cap’s blog post grew and grew.
Soon, quite a few people noticed that the girl in the picture looked somewhat familiar. 
While others were still wondering who the girl in the photo was, some of Joanna Lawrence’s loyal fans had already recognized her. 
For her loyal fans, even with her hair down and wearing a mask, Joanna Lawrence’s eyes were discernible enough for them to recognize her. 
Joanna’s facial features are exquisite, each one good-looking on its own and also good-looking when combined. 
But the most outstanding feature of her face was her eyes. 
Her eyes are wonderfully attractive, bright and expressive, like a pair of beautiful crescent moons. 
Her watery eyes seem to be filled with a misty aura, full of vitality, as if they could speak. 
So those who had seen her tended to have a deep impression of her eyes. 
She had been appearing frequently on the hot search list lately, so even people who didn’t know her well had become familiar with her face. 
Which was why some people thought she looked familiar. 
Some of her true fans recognized her right away. 
"Wow, has the mysterious boyfriend of my Joanna finally been exposed? The boyfriend is so handsome, so young, and so stylish, just perfect for our Joanna." 
"Exactly, the look on the boyfriend’s face when he sees Joanna is so loving. Wow, these two sets of photos are making my girlish heart flutter. Suddenly, I really want to be in love." 
"Hehe, didn’t some people spread rumors before that our Joanna was with a fat, ugly, bald, big-bellied old man named Jacob? They said that she was only with him for money. Well, this should be a slap in the face for them. Not to mention money, just for his looks and figure alone, even without money, many women would still like him." 
"This face, this figure, I’d be willing to pay him!" 
"Yeah, I can do that too, with this face and figure!" 
"Girls, I can do that too!" 
"Is this Joanna Lawrence? It does look like her. Is the mysterious man next to her the one called ’unknownMe’ on the blog? How come he’s so young and good-looking? Didn’t people say he’s old?"
###Chapter 1384: Chapter 1297: Possible exposure of Joanna Lawrence’s mysterious boyfriend
"Going back to the upstairs gossip, wasn’t it rumored at the time that Joanna Lawrence’s boyfriend was very handsome and young? Everyone just believed the rumors and didn’t want to believe the truth." 
"Can I get a dozen of such handsome and young old men? I won’t mind." 
"You guys should step aside. You’re young, and you’ll have plenty of chances in the future. Don’t compete with us older ladies, okay?" 
"Lady Octavia, you’re already at that age, so don’t think too much about it. Leave the opportunities for us younger people." 
"Wake up everyone! This is Joanna Lawrence’s boyfriend!" 
"@JoannaV, is this really you?" 
One hour after Little Bottle Cap sent the post, there had already been tens of thousands of retweets of their Blog. 
Joanna Lawrence made it onto the hot search again. 
Hot search topic: #SuspectedExposureOfJoannaLawrence’sMysteriousBoyfriend# 
* 
When the two photos on the Blog caused a stir, Joanna Lawrence had absolutely no idea that she and Ashton Heath were on the hot search list. 
The two left the dessert store and sweetly went to watch a movie together. 
During the movie, they were secretly photographed again. 
The person who took the sneak shots posted them on the Blog. 
OniSauce: I think I also encountered Joanna Lawrence and her boyfriend. They were super sweet, always holding hands tightly. Joanna’s boyfriend is incredibly handsome, has a great figure, and good taste in clothing. When he walked past me, my heart almost stopped. Oh my gosh, Joanna is so lucky to have such a handsome boyfriend who’s also rich and extremely doting on her. I’m super envious. 
Only Ashton Heath’s back is visible in the photo, and the person taking the secret shots must have been very nervous because the photos were blurry. 
However, even if the photos were blurry, it was still clear that Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath were holding hands, looking very intimate. 
Ashton Heath has a tall and strong build, while Joanna Lawrence looks very petite and feminine beside him. 
They looked no different from an ordinary couple in love. 
They would go have ice cream together and watch movies, simple activities that seemed particularly sweet. 
These things are very ordinary for ordinary people. 
However, to many people, a wealthy, powerful, and outstanding man willing to do these ordinary little things with you means he has put in a lot of heart. 
Rich people’s time is precious. 
Most of the issues that can be solved with money won’t require them to invest time. 
Soon after, more netizens revealed that they also saw Joanna Lawrence and her boyfriend at a Heart Fondue Restaurant. 
At that time, they even wanted to ask Ashton Heath for his contact information but saw the leather bracelet he wore on his wrist instead. 
The girl who shared the news said, "At that time, I felt that any girl who was with this amazing man would be extremely happy, and it turns out it’s Joanna Lawrence. I can confirm that her boyfriend is extremely handsome. I initially thought he was a celebrity." 
For a moment, the topic "Joanna Lawrence’s Boyfriend" pushed Annie Lawrence’s hot search down and ranked number one. 
Joanna Lawrence had no idea about any of this. 
It wasn’t until she and Ashton Heath left the theater that she was surrounded by a group of young girls. 
Ashton Heath’s first reaction was to pull Joanna Lawrence into his arms and protect her. 
This move elicited a gasp from the group of girls, and then their faces turned into expressions of immense envy.
###Chapter 1385: Chapter 1298: What do you want to do?
"What are you trying to do?" Even though he was surrounded by a group of young girls who looked like they had no fighting power or threat, Ashton Heath still tightly held Joanna Lawrence in his arms, his eyes coldly said. 
His aura was strong. 
Even those who were older than him would feel pressure in his presence. 
Let alone a group of young girls. 
A few girls who had gathered their courage to ask if Joanna was indeed herself instantly became frightened. 
The girl in the front turned pale, biting her lips, and looked like she was about to cry. 
She looked at Joanna and weakly said, "We are fans of Joanna Lawrence, and we wanted to ask, are you really Joanna?" 
Joanna was stunned. 
Her first reaction was to reach for the mask on her face. 
Was she recognized? 
Did she not put her mask on properly? 
"You really are Joanna, huh." 
Seeing that she did not deny it, one fan with a timid expression on her face became excited, "Joanna, we are all your fans, and we really like you. We saw someone said you were in this movie theater, so we hoped to run into you, and we really did." 
"Yeah, Joanna, we all love you so much." 
"Joanna, I also love you. You are so beautiful, many boys in our class really like you." 
Joanna could feel that her mask was well-fitted to her face. 
Obviously, it was not because of the mask that she was recognized. 
"You guys saw someone saying I was in the movie theater? Who said it?" 
Now that she had been recognized, Joanna did not deny it. 
She didn’t expect to find her fans in the movie theater. 
She thought that most of the fans on her blog were anti-fans- 
She hardly had any real fans. 
So, suddenly meeting a group of girls claiming to be her fans, she was quite surprised. 
"There was a picture of you guys on the blog." The girl sneaked a glance at Ashton Heath standing next to Joanna during her speech and quickly looked away with fear. 
Joanna’s boyfriend really is a super handsome guy. 
But he seemed too cold and unapproachable. 
They all felt a little scared. 
"There is a picture of us on the blog?" Joanna had no idea. 
"Yes, Joanna, didn’t you know about it?" 
Joanna shook her head. 
"Joanna, can we take a photo together with you?" With Ashton at the side, a few girls felt tremendous pressure, and even talking required gathering courage. 
"Of course." It was the first time so many fans came to take pictures with Joanna. She’d grown used to the negativity online, so meeting genuine fans, it was natural for her to fulfill their requests. 
"Really? Joanna, you are so nice." 
The few female fans were overjoyed, not expecting her to readily agree, and quickly took out their phones. 
Joanna took off her mask.
She gently pushed Ashton and signaled him to loosen his arms, "I’m taking a photo with my fans." 
Knowing that the girls were fans, Ashton finally relaxed his vigilance and let go of Joanna. 
Joanna stepped out of his arms. 
She noticed that the girls were a little afraid of Ashton, so she took the initiative to walk over to them and took a phone from one of the girls:
###Chapter 1386: Chapter 1299: Can’t Do It with Male Fans
"Let me hold the phone. You guys can stand next to me or behind me, so our faces look smaller in the photos." 
Girls usually know how to take photos to make themselves look better. 
Generally, the person holding the phone will have the biggest face in the photo. 
Joanna’s gesture made her even more likable to the female fans. 
Initially, the female fans only dared to take one group photo with her. 
But Joanna took the initiative, suggesting they take a big group photo and then an individual one with each fan. 
This made the fans extremely happy. 
After taking the photos, everyone had a satisfied look on their faces. 
"Joanna, can, can I hug you again?" The female fans became a bit bolder after realizing that Joanna was approachable and easy to get along with. 
"If it’s not okay, never mind." After making the request, the fan worried that she might be asking for too much and immediately added another sentence. 
"It’s fine," Joanna laughed, spreading her arms wide. "You can hug me. Come on!" 
In the end, each fan got to hug Joanna as they wished. 
Fortunately, the fans didn’t overstep their boundaries. 
After the hugs, everyone waved goodbye. 
"Joanna, keep up the good work! We will always support you!" 
"Joanna, we really believe in you. Your TV series will definitely be a huge hit, and then you’ll be extremely popular." 
"Joanna, you’re awesome. Don’t mind those internet trolls, in our hearts as Joanna’s Fans, you are the best!" 
"Joanna, wishing you and your boyfriend eternal happiness and sweetness!" 
"Yeah, Joanna, you and your boyfriend must always be happy and sweet together." 
Joanna stood still as she watched her fans walk away, her eyes turning slightly red. 
She felt very touched just then. 
She had been attacked so much online. 
Yet there were still people willing to believe in her, like her, and support her. 
Even if it was just a tiny portion of people, it was enough to move her. 
"Touched?" Ashton slowly approached and looked at her reddened eyes, smiling. 
"Yeah," Joanna sniffed, moved. "My fans are so cute. Ashton, did you see? I have fans too. They’re so kind and lovely. I really like them a lot." 
"Yeah, I saw," Ashton thought about the fans’ blessings for him and Joanna, smiling. "Your fans are indeed quite cute." 
"But..." The man suddenly thought of something, his eyebrows slightly furrowing. 
"But what?" 
"You can hug female fans, but not male fans." Ashton’s brows furrowed even tighter as he imagined Joanna hugging a male fan. "You must reject any hugs from male fans." 
Joanna: "..." 
The touching moment lasted hardly three seconds. 
"I probably don’t have any male fans." 
"Not having any now doesn’t mean you won’t have any in the future. Anyway, if a male fan requests any intimate actions, you must not agree." Ashton spoke forcefully and dominantly. 
Joanna: "..." 
"Okay, I understand." 
With a jealous man at home, her only option was to nod in agreement. 
* 
After watching the movie, Joanna decided to head back. 
Ashton had to fly back to Closia early the next morning, so she needed to let him rest sooner. 
On the way back, Joanna thought of the words of those female fans and opened her blog.
###Chapter 1387: Chapter 1300: Joanna Lawrence is Not Worthy of Her Boyfriend
As soon as she opened the Blog, she found that she and Ashton Heath were surprisingly the top trending topic. 
Just after reading the Blog post, she received a Twitter message from Linda. 
Linda: Joanna, what’s going on with you and President Ashton? Some netizens have taken pictures of you two, and Ashton’s identity has been completely revealed. It’s quite a buzz, so you’d better respond to it. 
Joanna never planned to hide her relationship with Ashton Heath. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have made it public on Blog. 
She just didn’t want people to know Ashton’s identity, fearing that the messy public opinion would have an impact on him. 
But since they were photographed, she had nothing to deny. 
After thinking about it, she sent a Blog post out. 
JoannaV: Thank you for your concern. The people in the photos are my boyfriend and me. Haven’t you always wanted to know what "unknownMe" looks like? Now you finally know, aren’t you too disappointed? (Playful) 
Although many people have been saying that the people in those photos are Joanna and her boyfriend, Joanna was wearing a mask and didn’t show her full face, so it could be her or it might not. 
Just as netizens speculated whether it was her, they saw Joanna’s Blog post. 
She actually admitted it directly. 
Suddenly, the comments section exploded. 
"Wow, it really is Joanna and her boyfriend. This boyfriend is really handsome." 
"It’s actually unknownMe. Oh my God, I always thought unknownMe was at least fifty years old. Can he really be so young and handsome?" 
"unknownMe finally showed his face, a hundred times more handsome than I imagined." 
"No other words, just based on appearance, they are both good-looking, a perfect match." 
"I didn’t expect Joanna’s boyfriend to be so handsome. Those who made rumors about her dating an old man must have swollen faces now." 
"Since Joanna’s boyfriend is so handsome, why didn’t she make it public sooner? Did she have to hide it? She must know deep down that he’s just playing with her and will break up with her sooner or later." 
"I think Joanna doesn’t deserve her boyfriend. He’s rich, powerful, and handsome. What does she have? Apart from looking pretty, she’s just a newcomer in the entertainment industry with no achievements. She’s far behind her boyfriend." 
"Evaluation completed, she doesn’t deserve him, this relationship won’t last." 
"He has watery eyes and thin lips, a very prosperous peach blossom face. I’m afraid Joanna can’t hold him down." 
"Why are people being salty? I think they’re a perfect match, both have fairy-like beauty, and they’re so visually pleasing." 
Joanna’s comments section is polarized. 
On the one hand, some people are blessing her and Ashton. 
On the other hand, some people think they won’t last long and are doomed to break up. 
At the same time, the latest comment count on that Blog account that Ashton registered was skyrocketing. 
His follower count had increased by over 500,000 in less than ten minutes. 
Almost everyone following him was female. 
Because of the Blog nickname Ashton used and the rumors before, many people really thought he was at least fifty years old. 
They imagined him as a short, fat, bald old man with a beer belly. 
But suddenly, the real appearance of the short, fat, old man was exposed. 
Not only was he not old, he wasn’t fat at all, and he was even outrageously handsome. 
The short, fat, old man turned out to be a tall, rich, and handsome guy. 
A group of female netizens claimed they were infatuated with unknownMe and wanted to be his wife. 
Even knowing that his girlfriend was Joanna, they still couldn’t stop a group of female netizens from going gaga over him.
###Chapter 1388: Chapter 1301: You performed so well, have an extra chicken leg tonight
"Husband, marry me!" 
"Girls, I’ve already called dibs on being his wife." 
"Don’t vie with me for a husband, I’m younger than you, please let me have this one." 
Ashton Heath’s blog comment section was filled with countless messages of "husband." 
Ashton Heath himself rarely logged into his blog. 
He registered the blog only to publicize his relationship with Joanna Lawrence. Every time he logged in, it was for something related to Joanna. 
Otherwise, he simply wouldn’t bother checking it. 
Not long after Joanna posted on her blog, Aria Rowlett sent her a message on Twitter. 
Sweet Aria: Baby, are you scared? 
Joanna replied instantly after receiving the message: Scared of what? 
Sweet Aria: So many people want to steal your heartthrob. You better keep him close in the future, your love rivals are terrifying. 
Joanna: ? 
Aria directly sent her a screenshot of the comment section on Ashton’s blog. 
As soon as Joanna opened it, she saw a bunch of people calling Ashton "husband." 
After going through it, she didn’t feel threatened, but found it amusing. 
She handed her phone to Ashton Heath: "As soon as you showed up, so many women wanted to marry you. What should we do? You’ve suddenly become so popular, I feel so insecure."
"Hmm?" 
Ashton raised his eyebrow, took her phone, and looked at it. 
As he was reading, his brow furrowed, and his face turned slightly solemn, apparently not very pleased. 
He silently handed the phone back to Joanna and then took out his own. 
A little while later, Aria sent another message to Joanna. 
Sweet Aria: Wow, your heartthrob’s public display of affection is impressive. Did you get him to post that blog? 
Joanna was puzzled: ? 
Aria sent her another screenshot. 
Joanna opened it and saw that Ashton had posted a new blog. 
unknownMe: I only have one wife. My wife @Joanna Lawrence. 
Only after seeing the blog did Joanna realize that Ashton was silently posting on social media earlier. 
Was it because he saw those screenshots of people calling him "husband" and decided to post this as a way to express his attitude and stance? 
This man... 
Joanna couldn’t help but smile. She clicked on the blog and saw the post where Ashton mentioned her. 
"Holy cow, is this his response to us? Telling us not to call him ’husband’ anymore?" 
"He hasn’t posted in ages, and suddenly he puts up this one. Definitely saw all those comments calling him ’husband.’ Haha, I suddenly feel like Joanna’s boyfriend adores her and is so cute." 
"I have a feeling he didn’t post this willingly, she probably made him do it." 
"Regardless if he did it willingly or not, as long as he posted it, it means he cares about her. If it was someone who didn’t care about you, would they post it even if you asked?" 
"This response, I can’t stop laughing." 
"So you guys, stop dreaming. He obviously posted it because he saw all the fawning comments. You’re so unreserved, hitting on someone who already has a girlfriend. No wonder she gets jealous." 
Joanna read the comments while laughing. 
Although there were many anti-fans online, there were also many adorable netizens. 
Since someone had taken the initiative to post a blog expressing his stance and even mentioning her, she naturally had to respond. 
She thought for a moment and then posted a blog herself. 
JoannaV: Alright, got it. Good job, I’ll award you tonight with an extra chicken leg. @unknownMe.
###Chapter 1389: Chapter 1302: He Always Brings Up What Shouldn’t Be Mentioned
The two of them playfully showed off their love for each other. 
Netizens complained that it was just too much "dog food." 
Because of this, not only did Ashton Heath gain a lot of fans, Joanna Lawrence also gained many fans as well. 
Ashton Heath’s public appearance served as a retaliation against the earlier rumors that Joanna Lawrence was clinging onto an old man for money. 
Many people thought that this couple was a sight for sore eyes. 
The man was heart-stoppingly handsome and the woman was as beautiful as a fairy. They were the perfect combination of a prince charming and Cinderella, satisfying all their fantasies about love. 
Plus, there were many damaging rumors about Joanna Lawrence online before, causing many people to misunderstand her, which naturally led to her bad reputation. 
The number of people who disliked her outweighed the others. 
Now with the incident involving Annie, the rumors about her clinging to an old man for money were debunked, and many netizens discovered that Joanna Lawrence was not as annoying as they had imagined. In fact, many of her experiences evoked sympathy; naturally, their impression of her changed for the better. 
The fans she gained this time were not all anti-fans. 
The comments section of her blog posts was not filled with negative comments like before. 
There were many netizens who wished her and Ashton Heath well. 
For the first time, Joanna Lawrence felt that she was no longer a magnet for negativity. 
* 
At a high-end club. 
Yannick Luther invited Frank Parker and Denver Lancaster over. As they played pool together, Yannick Luther accepted the cue from a curvaceous woman, cleaning it while speaking to Frank Parker next to him, "Frank, you finally decided to come out today. I thought you were so devastated by what happened with Ms. Rebecca that you wouldn’t want to leave your house. What, feeling better now?" 
Frank Parker pocketed two balls on the table, stood up straight, and handed the cue to a woman on standby. 
The woman immediately accepted the cue stick. 
Another lady quickly handed over a bottle of water. 
After taking a sip of his water, Frank Parker slowly responded to Yannick Luther’s provocation, "Do you think I’m like you, needing to lock myself away to recover? It’s you who should be asked this. Weren’t you pursuing a woman, but failed? You were so devastated that you locked yourself in your house, not eating or drinking for two days and two nights. Have you gotten over it? Are you not feeling sad now?" 
"You son of a-!" 
The smile froze on Yannick Luther’s face. 
He kept his carefree look, but there was no longer any humor in his eyes. In a casual tone, he replied, "Who said I didn’t eat or drink for two days and two nights? Were you under my bed keeping tabs on me? It’s just a woman. Do you think I would do such a ridiculous thing?" 
Frank Parker glanced at him, his lips hooking into a smirk. "It might just be a woman. But this woman is different from the others you’ve had, isn’t she? When have you ever pursued a woman like this? However, this is the first time a woman has ever rejected you, so she must indeed be something special." 
Yannick Luther: "....." 
He had just started feeling a bit better these past two days and felt up to hanging out with friends. 
Yet, Frank Parker just had to bring up the woman he had been agonizing over. 
Especially that woman whom he detested to his core. 
Just bringing her up made Yannick Luther’s eyes spit fire. 
He had never met a woman so ungrateful. 
"Oh, Yannick was rejected by a woman? Now that’s news." Denver Lancaster wasn’t a saint either, adding salt to Yannick’s wound.
###Chapter 1390: Chapter 1304: Did She Really Have a Flash Marriage with Someone?
Frank Parker disregarded the fiery gaze from Yannick Luther, he smiled, said in a teasing tone: "It’s indeed a rarity. The whole affair is no secret within our circles. It turns out that the woman grew up with Yannick, as childhood sweethearts. Rumor has it that Yannick had been crushing on her for a long time, but never had the courage to confess. This time, when she returned from abroad, he finally mustered the courage to express his feelings but was rejected." 
"Alas, how unfortunate." 
"Childhood sweethearts, huh?" Denver Lancaster raised an eyebrow, seemingly unfazed by Yannick’s murderous looks, he laughed, and said, "Speaking of which, Frank, don’t you have a childhood sweetheart too? Have you heard? The Kelloway family has been arranging a lot of blind dates for Rebecca recently, they seem eager to marry her off." 
The reason Denver knew about this was because his parents had wanted him to go out with Rebecca Kelloway. 
How could he possibly agree to that? 
Who doesn’t know that Frank Parker is in love with Rebecca Kelloway? 
How could he go on a date with the woman his brother is fond of?
Not to mention, Rebecca Kelloway is not his type, he prefers quiet and obedient girls, from scholarly families. 
While Rebecca is indeed pretty, she seems a bit too assertive, completely different from the docile girls he prefers. 
"What? The Kelloways arranged blind dates for Rebecca?" Yannick, who was grinding his teeth nearby, was taken aback by what Denver had just revealed. 
"You didn’t know?" Denver glanced at Frank’s reaction before continuing, "In Closia, any respectable family with an unmarried son has arranged a date with her. It’s said that the Kelloways are falling out of grace and urgently looking for a supportive marriage. Ms. Rebecca was once the apple of everyone’s eye, many wanted to rise in status by courting her, but now..." 
Denver sighed, gave Frank another look, "It’s not just families of equal status that are avoiding the Kelloways, even those they once looked down on are unwilling to wade into this mess." 
"The once unattainable Ms. Rebecca has now become someone everyone avoids. Alas, people can be so realistic." 
Upon finishing his statement, Denver noticed that Frank remained unfazed. 
As if he hadn’t heard anything he said. 
His eyebrows knitted together in confusion. 
Frank didn’t react at all? 
He heard from Yannick that Frank and Rebecca had a falling out over something. 
But, regardless of their quarrel, upon hearing that Rebecca was going on blind dates, he can’t possibly remain indifferent, can he? 
He’s loved Rebecca since they were children, loved her for so many years, could he truly accept her marrying another man? 
"I’ve heard about the Kelloway family situation too." Yannick gave a wistful sigh, "I didn’t expect the Kelloway family to plummet to this state all of a sudden. I heard that Mr. Kelloway had even approached the Heath Group, I’m not sure if Ashton agreed to help. However, given the underhanded things Rebecca did to my sister-in-law, I’m guessing Ashton won’t readily agree to help." 
Denver agreed with this: "Ashton is very protective of those close to him, and he values his wife above everything else. If Rebecca hadn’t done those things, considering the longstanding relationship between the Heath family and the Kelloway family, he probably would have given them a hand." 
"It’s hard to say now." 
"Frank, why aren’t you saying anything?" Unable to hold his thoughts back, Yannick elbowed Frank, "Are you really not bothered by Rebecca going on blind dates with other men? Aren’t you afraid that she might really enter a flash marriage due to her family’s situation?"
###Chapter 1391: Chapter 1305: It’s Impossible for Her and Me to Be Together
Frank Parker seemed indifferent, responding nonchalant, "Why should I care? What do you want me to say?" 
"Damn it." Yannick Luther looked at him with a furrowed brow and suspicion in his eyes. "You don’t care? You’ve loved her for so many years. How could you not care? Frank, what happened between you two? You still haven’t made up this time." 
Denver Lancaster also found it interesting and curiously asked, "Mr. Parker is having a disagreement with Ms. Rebecca? This is really a rare sight." 
Frank glanced at the two of them indifferently, "When did you guys become so gossipy?" 
"No, seriously, Frank, what are you thinking?" Yannick frowned again, "Are you really giving up on Rebecca?" 
"Why should I care about her?" 
Yannick: "..." 
"Didn’t you fucking love her?" Yannick was getting a bit irritable, grabbing his hair. "The Kelloway family is desperately trying to set her up for blind dates now, hoping that a marriage alliance can gain them some financial support and turn the tide for their family. If you’re willing to help them, you and her... " 
"I can never be with her, never." 
Before Yannick finished speaking, Frank cut him off without any hesitation, his voice low and firm. 
His words left no room for doubt. 
Yannick stared in surprise, "Why?" 
"No reason." Frank handed his water bottle to a woman in bunny ears nearby, picked up a cue, and walked over to the pool table. 
He bent down and aimed at a ball, "If you keep talking about these depressing things, I’m leaving." 
Yannick: "..." 
He turned to look at Denver, and the two exchanged glances. They both knew Frank’s temper and that when he said he would leave, he meant it. 
It was not easy to get Frank to come out, so Yannick didn’t want him to really leave. 
Even though he was curious, he didn’t ask about Rebecca again. 
Anyway, he wasn’t that close to Rebecca in the first place. 
Seeing how unconcerned Frank was, Yannick, an irrelevant person, didn’t need to worry either. 
* 
The next morning, Ashton Heath returned to Closia. 
Over the following week, the film shooting went smoothly. Joanna Lawrence even finished several scenes ahead of schedule, and Gary White gave her two days off as a reward. 
The banquet that the Heath family prepared for Jeremy Lawrence was set for a week later. 
Joanna booked her flight and sent her return time to Closia to Jeremy. 
Upon returning to Closia, Jeremy picked her up at the airport. 
Joanna and Jeremy hadn’t seen each other for some time. 
Upon their reunion, Joanna noticed that Jeremy had changed. 
His attire was different from before. 
Although still dressed simply, the clothes he wore looked much more expensive. 
Ultimately, being a member of the Heath family was different. 
Jeremy used to not care about his appearance and dressed casually. If not for his good looks, his previous attire would have labeled him as a loser. 
Now he was Mr. Ashton of the Heath family. 
His attire could no longer be as casual as before. 
Every day, a professional team helped him select what to wear and what accessories to use. 
The young and delicate lad even changed his hairstyle. The old one made him look weak and gave off a "nice guy" vibe. 
Now, with a clean short haircut, his whole style transformed, and the sweet puppy turned into a young wolf-dog.
###Chapter 1392: Chapter 1306: Something That Doesn’t Belong to His Age
Their temperament had changed completely. 
But the change that Joanna Lawrence noticed at first glance was not the change in Jeremy’s appearance. 
It was in his eyes. 
The old Jeremy had always given people a warm, sunny feeling. 
He was a cheerful young boy. 
But now, he... 
Joanna saw something in his eyes that didn’t belong to his age. 
She once thought that she was wrong. 
Because when she took a closer look, Jeremy seemed to have returned to his old self, appearing as a simple, happy-go-lucky and sweet big boy. 
"Joanna." 
With a handsome, elegant face like that of a beautiful young boy from a comic book, he spread his arms for a big hug for his older sister. 
As he hugged Joanna, Jeremy frowned and whispered,"Hey, why do I feel like you’ve lost weight again? Is filming really hard? Haven’t you been eating well?" 
Joanna hugged him back, then laughed and pushed him away: "That’s your imagination. I just weighed myself and I’m still the same as before." 
"I feel like you’ve lost a lot of weight." Jeremy looked around and smiled, "Ashton didn’t come?" 
"Hmm, he’s on a business trip right now. But he’ll be back for your party tonight." 
When the topic of tonight’s party came up, there was no expression on Jeremy’s face. 
He seemed disinterested: "It’s not that important, if Ashton has something to do, there’s no need for him to rush back especially for it." 
Joanna looked up at him. 
"Jeremy, are you not happy?" Joanna knew Jeremy too well. 
As prominent as the Heath family was, it held no great temptation for Jeremy. 
A pure-minded boy who just wanted a simple life. 
For over a decade, he lived like an ordinary person. 
Suddenly becoming the young master of wealthy and influential families, he was not really accustomed to such a life. 
For Jeremy, playing video games on a professional team would make him happy and contented. 
That would be his ideal, the most beautiful life. 
And now... 
On that day, Joanna knew that Jeremy must have decided to give something up. 
"No." Jeremy squeezed out a smile, "There’s nothing for me to be unhappy about. Let’s go back, sis. I’ll show you my newly organized nest. I bought a lot of your favorite vegetables today. I’ll cook something delicious for you." 
* 
Jeremy rented a house outside. 
It was a small 50-square-meter apartment with one bedroom, one living room, and one bathroom. The space was not big, but it was cozy. 
It was obvious that the apartment was inhabited by a boy, with a simple color scheme of black, white, and gray. 
Because of the numerous plants, the whole room looked much fresher. 
Everything was brand new and it was apparent that it had only been occupied for a short time. 
"Joanna, what do you think?" Jeremy asked. 
Joanna looked around and nodded, "Hmm, it’s pretty good. Jeremy, what made you suddenly think about renting a place of your own?" 
"I’ve always thought about it." Jeremy put Joanna’s luggage on the couch and poured her a glass of water, "This is my private little world. Whenever I want to be alone, I can come here." 
"You can stay at Ashton’s place..." 
"Joanna, you’re married to Ashton now. It’s okay for me to stay at your place for a day or two, but it’s not good in the long run." Jeremy interrupted her, "I know both of you don’t mind, but I do." 
Joanna was silent for a while and nodded, "This is pretty good too."
###Chapter 1393: Chapter 1307: If you say you won’t go, then you won’t go?
"Joanna, rest in the Living Room for a while. Watch some TV and have some snacks. I’m going to the kitchen." 
"Let me help you." 
Joanna was about to follow him. 
Jeremy made her sit down: "No need, I can handle it alone. Joanna, don’t worry about anything, just wait for me to cook for you. It’s been a while since I’ve made a meal for you, let me perform well this time." 
After saying this, Jeremy rolled up his sleeves and headed to the kitchen. 
* 
An hour later, a full and sumptuous lunch was laid out on the table. 
Each dish was perfect in color, aroma, and taste. 
Jeremy handed a fork to Joanna, and after taking a seat next to her, filled a bowl of soup for her first. 
"Joanna, have some soup first. It’s been a while since I’ve cooked, I don’t know if my culinary skills have gotten worse." 
Joanna took the soup from Jeremy’s hands and took a sip. 
"Mmm, it’s delicious." Joanna drank half a bowl in one breath, looked at the perfect dishes on the table, and then at the handsome young man sitting beside her, couldn’t help but secretly think that whoever married Jeremy would surely be pampered like a princess. 
Her younger brother was good-looking, had a good character, and was caring. 
Now he was the youngest master of the Heath family. 
The only drawback was probably his illness. 
However, his illness was curable. 
Once he was cured, it would be hard to find any flaws in him. 
Joanna didn’t know how many more times the two of them would get to spend time like this once Jeremy officially returned to the Heath family. 
What she feared more was that Jeremy would change after returning to the Heath family. 
She wasn’t worried that Jeremy would change on his own. 
She just feared that Jeremy would be forced to change due to certain events.
This time the siblings met, Jeremy seemed the same as before on the surface, but Joanna could feel that his smile was not as pure as it used to be. 
His eyes were no longer as innocent as they used to be. 
She couldn’t pinpoint exactly what had changed about him, but she felt that Jeremy was indeed different from before. 
He didn’t seem as sunny as he used to be. 
There was a hint of melancholy in the young man’s dark, clear eyes. 
"Joanna." 
Jeremy added more food to Joanna’s bowl, barely eating himself, and focused on serving her food. 
"Hmm?" Joanna swallowed a piece of fish and looked up at him. 
With a smile on his lips, Jeremy watched her enjoy the fish and added another piece to her bowl. 
He put down his fork, looked deeply into Joanna’s eyes, and slowly said, "I’ve decided not to join a professional gaming team anymore. I’ll go to Dad’s company for some experience first, and then work there after graduating from college." 
Joanna was stunned. 
Surprise showed in her eyes: "You’re not going to the professional gaming team anymore?" 
"Yes." Jeremy spoke lightly, as if it didn’t matter, "Not going." 
But Joanna knew that joining the professional gaming team and competing was his dream. 
Just give up on it like that? 
Even if he said it casually and acted as if it didn’t matter, Joanna knew that making this decision must have been very painful for him. 
Deep down, he definitely didn’t want to work in the company. 
This choice was not what he truly wanted. 
"Jeremy, have you thought this through?" Joanna put down her fork and asked seriously, "Do you know what your decision means? Can you get used to working in your dad’s company? Do you like that kind of life?"
###Chapter 1394: Chapter 1308: I Know Exactly What I’m Doing
"Joanna." Jeremy Lawrence gave a faint smile, "Would you believe me if I said I liked you. It might be hard at first, but gradually, I’ll get used to it. I know very well what I’m doing, and I understand the implications of my choices. In fact, in real life, how many people can truly live the life they desire?" 
"You don’t have to worry about me. No matter what kind of life I choose, I won’t let myself down. Maybe working in the company isn’t so bad after all; perhaps this lifestyle suits me." 
Joanna pressed her lips together, falling silent. 
She had no idea how agonizing the decision-making process had been for Jeremy. 
Compared to returning to the Heath family and becoming the wealthy young master of the house, she hoped her brother could live a happy and fulfilling life. 
Even now, Joanna didn’t know whether her decision to take Jeremy back to Heath Villa had been right or wrong. 
If she hadn’t taken him back then, the Heath family might not have questioned Jeremy’s identity. 
Between living an ordinary life and being a wealthy young master, she didn’t know which was better for him. 
She just didn’t know. 
But seeing Jeremy less than happy made her feel sad as well. 
* 
After dinner, the two of them sat on the sofa, chatting for a while. 
They talked from their childhood to the present, and Joanna also told Jeremy about her relationship with the White family. 
For a long while after hearing her story, Jeremy was in shock. 
It wasn’t until much later that he scoffed, tugging at the corner of his mouth and sighed, "I didn’t expect that neither you nor I are from the Lawrence family. The only true heir is Annie Lawrence. No, perhaps even Annie might not be a true Lawrence." 
"Doesn’t this make Dad really miserable? None of the three children in the family are his." 
Jeremy did have some complaints about Benjamin. 
During his years of illness, Benjamin hadn’t treated him very well, even rarely visiting him at the hospital. 
Initially, Benjamin had taken Jeremy in from the orphanage because he felt the Lawrence family needed a son as a future company successor. 
He adopted Jeremy in order to train him as the successor. 
Even if Annie was his biological child, his traditional mindset believed that the company had to be handed down to a son. 
Daughters were supposed to get married and belong to someone else’s family eventually. 
Before Jeremy fell ill, Benjamin had treated him fairly well. 
When Jeremy suddenly contracted a heart disease, Benjamin considered him a lost cause. 
Of course, he became distant to Jeremy. 
He didn’t completely disregard him, but he didn’t care too much about him anymore either. 
As for his preferential treatment of Joanna, it stemmed from some traditional ideas as well. 
Joanna was Benjamin’s boss’s daughter; thus, he felt obligated to be loyal and committed. Given that Joanna had been well-behaved and beautiful from a young age, it was only natural that he favored her a bit more. 
"Whether Annie is a Lawrence or not remains to be seen. Jeremy, I don’t mean to speak for Dad, but regardless, he has raised us, and he has shown us kindness." 
Joanna didn’t want Jeremy’s words to become a reality. Although some of Benjamin’s actions had hurt her, she didn’t want him to suffer too much tragedy. 
The betrayal of Rose Liall had already been a heavy blow to him. 
If even Annie wasn’t a true heir to the Lawrence family... 
"Joanna, I know." Jeremy sighed again, "I remember his kindness to us. Let’s not talk about this anymore. Does anyone besides Ashton and me know that you’re the daughter of the White family?"
###Chapter 1395: Chapter 1309: From now on, I will never underestimate your identity again
"Did you tell Grandma and the others?" 
Joanna shook her head: "Not yet. Wait until both families have dinner together, then we can talk about it." 
Jeremy was silent for a moment, then nodded: "I’m afraid someone will be in for a surprise. In the future, no one will ever underestimate your background again. This is good. As the daughter of the White family, who would dare to disrespect you?" 
Joanna knew who Jeremy was referring to. 
Actually, she didn’t care anymore about how Lady Octavia would think of her. 
A while later, Jeremy’s phone rang. 
After answering, Joanna heard his indifferent voice say to the caller: "I know, I’ll be right there." 
Then he hung up. 
"Joanna, I can’t accompany you for now. There’s something at the company, Dad asked me to go over." 
"You don’t have to worry about me." Joanna glanced at the time and got up from the sofa, "Let’s go together, I just made plans to meet Aria." 
"Alright, I’ll take you there. Wait for me to change clothes first." 
* 
In the elevator. 
Joanna looked at the young man beside her in a daze. 
It was rare for her to see Jeremy dressed so maturely. 
The young man was wearing a black shirt, black dress pants, and black leather shoes. 
The cold colors from head to toe made his whole person exude an arrogant vibe. Even though he still treated Joanna the same as before, she couldn’t help but feel a little uncomfortable. 
The Jeremy before seemed more like a big boy. 
Now he seemed like a young wolf-dog, exuding a masculine charm. 
The unconsciously revealed noble aura made Joanna couldn’t help but sigh at the incredible power of the Heath family’s bloodline. 
This kind of nobility was not something ordinary people possessed. 
Actually, even before Joanna knew that Jeremy was a member of the Heath family, she had thought that he looked and behaved like a wealthy young master. 
At that time, she secretly thought that maybe her brother was actually from a rich family background but was picked up and raised by the Lawrence family due to some reasons. 
Unexpectedly, her one random thought at that time became reality. 
Her little brother did become a wealthy young master. 
And she, surprisingly, was a wealthy young lady. 
At this moment, Joanna truly understood what was meant by ’life is like a play.’ 
Coming out of the elevator, Joanna followed Jeremy to a black Rolls-Royce. 
Beside the Rolls-Royce stood a man in his forties. 
Seeing Jeremy, the man respectfully lowered his head and greeted, "Mr. Ashton." 
Jeremy nodded indifferently and introduced the driver: "This is my sister, Joanna. Take her first later." 
The driver looked up at Joanna and greeted respectfully, "Hello, Ms. Joanna." 
Little Young Master Ashton had grown up with the Lawrence family. 
So, this sister of his was also from the Lawrence family, right? 
The driver hadn’t expected that the daughter raised by the seemingly ordinary Lawrence family would be so pretty and poised, not losing to those wealthy young ladies in their circle at all. 
The news of Joanna marrying Ashton Heath had not been publicly announced, either internally or externally. 
The second branch and the main branch of the Heath family did not live together. 
So the driver did not know Joanna. 
The driver walked to the back seat and opened the car door. 
After getting in, Jeremy closed his eyes as if a little tired. 
Seeing him like this, Joanna couldn’t help but feel worried. 
But Jeremy was not a child anymore. 
Once he made a decision, Joanna couldn’t make him change his mind. 
* 
Before returning to Closia, Joanna had made plans to meet Aria Rowlett.
###Chapter 1396: Chapter 1310: Not Letting a Single One Go
Aria Rowlett gave her the address. 
Upon arrival, Joanna Lawrence got out of the car, and inside, Jeremy Lawrence waved at her: "Joanna, see you tonight." 
"Mm, see you tonight." 
The car window slowly went up. 
It wasn’t until it was completely closed that Jeremy Lawrence took his gaze from outside the window back in. 
"Little young master, are we going to the company next?" the driver in the front row asked. 
"No." Jeremy’s gentle and harmless demeanor in front of Joanna Lawrence changed, his eyes narrowed bit by bit, and the bottom of his eyes was cold, "Go to Evergreen Rest." 
The driver was taken aback, then immediately said, "Yes, little young master." 
Evergreen Rest was where Jeremy Lawrence’s biological mother was buried. 
Jeremy Lawrence thought of the soft and weak woman in the photo on the tombstone, who was as beautiful as a fairy. 
That was his biological mother, named Madelyn Kerrison. 
That year, Madelyn Kerrison should not have left this world so early. 
Even if she was suffering from a terminal illness, her condition had been well-controlled later on. 
If it weren’t for... 
Jeremy Lawrence clenched his fists, and the hatred in his eyes flashed by. 
He would not let go of those who hurt his mother. 
Not even one. 
* 
Aria Rowlett had already moved in with Brandon Heath, and the address she gave Joanna Lawrence was where Brandon lived. 
The black carved door slowly opened. 
At the same time, a silver Rolls-Royce driving out from inside also stopped. 
The car door was pulled open, and Joanna Lawrence saw Aria Rowlett jump down from the car. 
"Baby." 
As soon as Aria Rowlett saw Joanna Lawrence, she ran towards her. 
The two hugged each other. 
Aria Rowlett was delighted and pulled Joanna Lawrence’s hand to walk in: "Baby, when did you arrive at Closia? Did you have lunch? Who brought you here? Heartthrob Jeremy?" 
As Joanna Lawrence walked into the house with her, she looked around and said, "It was Jeremy who brought me here, and he cooked lunch." 
Jeremy?" Aria Rowlett craned her neck and looked outside, "Did he leave already?" 
"Mm, he has other things to do, so he left first." 
"This kid is so busy now, I didn’t even know he’d leave without saying hello to me. Now that he’s the young master of the Heath family, does he look down on us little folks?" Aria Rowlett joked. 
Joanna Lawrence already knew about the fact that Jeremy was a member of the Heath family from Brandon Heath. 
Tonight, the Heath family held a grand return banquet for Jeremy, and Brandon invited her to attend the banquet together, but she was hesitant about whether to go or not. 
"You know Jeremy is not that kind of person, he really has something to do." 
"Hahaha, I’m just joking with you." Aria Rowlett walked and replied to Brandon’s message on Twitter. 
Most of the time, Brandon Heath was very busy. 
The day he went to the movies with Aria Rowlett was also a date squeezed out of his busy schedule. 
But as long as he had some free time, he would take the initiative to send a message to Aria.
When the two were not together, they had to maintain their relationship through conversations. 
Joanna Lawrence saw her replying to a message on her phone and asked her with a smile, "Is it from big brother?" 
"Mm." Aria Rowlett said with a disgusted tone, "Don’t you think he looks very cold, like he doesn’t like to deal with people? I never thought he would be so clingy, looking for me to chat every day in the morning, afternoon, and evening." 
"Isn’t it good for him to be a little clingy to you? It means he cares about you, and that’s why he takes the initiative to chat with you every day. Would you prefer him not to contact you?" At first, Joanna Lawrence was worried that Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath were not compatible, but now she felt that her worries were unnecessary.
###Chapter 1397: Chapter 1311: I Don’t Think He Really Likes Me
No matter what, Aria Rowlett seems very happy now. 
Though she complains with her lips, her eyes are full of sweetness. 
This is undoubtedly the state of being in the honeymoon phase. 
"Who knows if he really cares about me?" 
"Of course he cares about you. If he didn’t, would he ask to be in a relationship with you?" 
"This only proves that he is a very responsible person. If it had been another woman with him that night, maybe he would have done the same thing." 
Aria knows she’s already together with Brandon Heath, so she shouldn’t think this way. But sometimes she can’t help but wonder if it had been another woman there that night, would he have...? 
Even the thought of such a possibility makes her feel very uncomfortable. 
Even if Brandon is very good to her now. 
She still feels that his kindness towards her is out of responsibility. 
Not because he sincerely likes her and treats her well for that reason. 
"No way. Aria, don’t think nonsense. I asked Ashton Heath, and he said he never thought his brother would be with you. And once his brother made this decision, it means he has recognized you." 
"If it was just out of responsibility, he could have compensated you with money. He wouldn’t use his own feelings to make up for it. Brandon is a person who takes his feelings very seriously. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be this old and only have you as his first girlfriend." 
Aria was startled and her heart raced: "Did the heartthrob really say that?" 
"Yes. You are my best friend, and this is your first time falling in love, so of course, I would take it seriously. I asked about Brandon from him, and I’m sure that Brandon is not with you just because of responsibility." 
"Even if there is a sense of responsibility, the main reason is still because he likes you." 
"Does he really like me?" Aria thought of Brandon’s deep, cold eyes and her heart beat faster, "But, I don’t think he likes me that much. Baby, didn’t you tell me that when you were with the heartthrob, he always wanted... to do that with you?" 
Aria covered her lips and coughed, her face turning a bit red: "I think Brandon doesn’t have that kind of interest in me." 
The two still slept in separate rooms. 
Other than the night of the date, when he actively held her hand. 
After that, they went back to being polite and courteous to each other. 
He treated her quite well; in clothing, food, shelter, and transportation, he always gave her the best. 
As long as she had any request, he would unconditionally agree to it. 
In their daily conversations, he also showed great concern for her. 
When it was cold, he would tell her to wear more clothes. 
When it was hot, he would remind her to stay cool. 
He would always say good morning to her and not forget to say goodnight before bed. He would also try his best to spend time with her. 
Everything seemed to be going well. 
However, apart from that one night, the two of them seldom had any intimate contact. 
She couldn’t feel any such interest from Brandon. 
Sometimes, she even doubted whether she was not attractive enough, and that was why he was so uninterested. 
"Brandon has no such interest in you?" Joanna Lawrence looked Aria up and down, somewhat doubtful, "Really? How do you know?" 
Aria was a standard beauty. 
Her figure was also excellent. 
With her fair skin, beautiful face, and long legs, she was a true stunner. Forget about men, even Joanna thought she was a gem. 
Even if Brandon had great self-control, facing a woman he liked, it’s impossible not to have any such thoughts at all.
###Chapter 1398: Chapter 1312: I Don’t Need Him to Take Responsibility for Me
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She wondered what kind of mood Brandon Heath would be in if he knew they were discussing him behind his back like this. 
Especially because they were discussing his bedroom issues. 
If he knew Aria Rowlett doubted his performance in that area, his mood probably wouldn’t be too good. 
But hearing Aria talk about it, Joanna began to have doubts and wondered if Brandon was not quite normal. 
Aria was his girlfriend now, after all. 
And they were living together as well. 
How could he possibly not have any thoughts about her? 
"Aria, could it be that he’s just too busy and tired from work, so..." 
"Not at all." Aria Rowlett sniffed, not caring about losing face in front of her best friend. She frowned and said, "Do you know, since that night, the most intimate thing we’ve done is holding hands. And he only initiated it once." 
"We went to the movies together a couple of days ago. It was a perfect atmosphere in the cinema, and I even picked the seats in the back row on purpose, but he remained indifferent. Throughout the entire movie, he didn’t do anything to me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"Maybe, Brandon is more of a gentleman? Otherwise, he might be slow in developing feelings. Although you two are dating, you haven’t known each other for very long, and you’re not that familiar with each other, so he still keeps some distance from you." 
"Maybe, Brandon respects you more. Didn’t you say he felt guilty about what happened that night? Maybe he’s afraid that if he gets too close to you all of a sudden, you’ll feel repulsed, so even when he wants to be close to you, he tries his best to restrain himself." 
Joanna found all kinds of excuses for Brandon Heath. 
Because she could tell that Aria seemed angry. 
From what Joanna knew of her, Aria was likely not angry because Brandon didn’t touch her, but because this issue made her doubt her own charm. 
She felt that she could not attract Brandon. 
She was angry about this. 
Any woman who encountered such a situation would probably overthink it. 
"Is that so?" Doubt showed in Aria Rowlett’s eyes. 
"Yes, I think so. Aria, don’t think too much about it. After all, Brandon must like you, that’s why he’s with you. If he didn’t like you, he wouldn’t be dating you. And you said he treats you very well, you’ve just started dating, so things will definitely get better and better." 
Aria bit her lip and was silent for a moment before nodding. "Okay, I’ll listen to you. Actually, he is really good to me and takes care of me. I just don’t want him to be with me just because of his sense of responsibility. I don’t need him to be accountable to me." 
Joanna understood Aria’s feelings when she heard this. 
When she first married Ashton Heath, she didn’t care why he married her. 
But later, when she slowly fell in love with him, she began to care more and more. 
She also didn’t want his reason for marrying her to be solely due to her unique abilities. 
Aria’s situation now was similar to Joanna’s when she first realized she had feelings for Ashton Heath. 
Both were a bit confused and insecure. 
Joanna felt that Aria must like Brandon Heath as well. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t care about this issue. 
It made sense, too. Brandon Heath was so outstanding that any girl would have a hard time controlling herself not to fall in love with him when they had a boyfriend like him.
###Chapter 1399: Chapter 1313: Has any stranger ever come looking for you?
* 
"Miss Aria." 
Aria Rowlett walked into the hall with Joanna Lawrence. Ria approached them and glanced at Joanna, her eyes lighting up, "Who is this young lady?" 
Such a beautiful girl. 
"Ria, this is my best friend, her name is Joanna Lawrence. Oh, yes, she is your Mr. Ashton’s wife." 
"Mr. Ashton’s wife?" Ria paused, then reacted, "This...This is Ms. Joanna?" 
She immediately greeted respectfully, "Hello, Ms. Joanna." 
This was Ria’s first time seeing Joanna. 
However, she had heard about Mr. Ashton’s marriage from others at Heath Villa before. 
She heard from others that Ms. Joanna was a particularly beautiful girl, like a fairy. 
That kind of beauty that would leave people amazed. 
No wonder Mr. Ashton, who had been indifferent to women for so many years, was moved by her. 
At that time, Ria wondered how beautiful she must be. 
Could she be more beautiful than the lady from the Kelloway family? 
Could she be more beautiful than their Ms. Aria? 
Now, Ria finally saw her in person. 
There’s no denying that Ms. Joanna is extremely beautiful. 
Even I, an old woman, can’t help but sigh that she is too beautiful. 
No wonder Mr. Ashton, who had no interest in women, had a change of heart. Any man would be moved by her. 
"Hello, Ria." Joanna smiled and nodded. 
"Miss Aria and Ms. Joanna standing together, really look like a pair of celestial sisters. Now that Ms. Joanna married our Mr. Ashton, and Miss Aria and Ms. Joanna are such good friends, Miss Aria is now dating Mr. Brandon." 
Ria grinned, connecting the relationships, "If Miss Aria marries Mr. Brandon in the future, she will become Ms. Joanna’s sister-in-law. Then you will truly be sisters-in-law. Oh, such a beautiful friendship is truly enviable." 
Aria’s face felt hot from what Ria said, "Ria, Brandon and I just started dating. It’s still early to talk about marriage." 
"Not early, not early." Ria grinned at her, "Mr. Brandon already decided on you, marriage is just a matter of time. I think, as long as Miss Aria is willing, Mr. Brandon can’t wait to marry you home as soon as possible." 
"Ria..." 
Aria’s face grew hotter as Ria spoke. 
"Alright, alright, I’ll go make Ms. Joanna a cup of coffee. You two have a good chat, I won’t disturb you." Ria finished speaking and left with a laugh. 
Joanna could see that Brandon’s people respected Aria a lot. 
Aria seemed to have a good relationship with them too. 
Joanna felt reassured by this. 
Both Brandon and Ashton Heath had moved out of Heath Villa to live on their own. 
Therefore, the people in the house were all working at their behest. 
Whoever they valued, others would naturally value as well and not dare to neglect. 
So Joanna wasn’t worried that Aria would be wronged by Brandon. 
What she was worried about was whether Lady Octavia would cause trouble for Aria. 
She didn’t know if Lady Octavia knew about Aria’s existence. 
If she did know, she certainly wouldn’t sit idly by. 
"Aria, has anyone strange approached you in this period?" Joanna asked worriedly. 
"A stranger?" Aria blinked, then turned to look at her, "What kind of stranger are you talking about? There are many strangers who approach me every day. Do harassing calls count?"
###Chapter 1400: Chapter 1314: The situation of the Rowlett family is much worse than that of the Lawrence family.
"It’s not a prank call." 
"Not a prank call?" Aria Rowlett looked puzzled, her eyes filled with confusion. "Baby, what do you really want to ask me?" 
Seeing the puzzled look on Aria’s face, Joanna Lawrence guessed that Lady Octavia Heath probably had not contacted her yet. 
Perhaps, Lady Octavia didn’t know that her oldest son Brandon was dating Aria.
But, if Brandon brought Aria to Jeremy’s banquet tonight, Lady Octavia would definitely know about her. 
Thinking of this, Joanna frowned. 
Because she knew, Lady Octavia would absolutely not like Aria. 
What Lady Octavia wanted was a daughter-in-law who matched in social and economic status. 
Aria wouldn’t satisfy her. 
But she could not tell Aria directly about this situation. 
If she frightened off Aria, what would Brandon do when he looked for her. 
Perhaps, she was overthinking it. 
With Brandon there, even if Lady Octavia didn’t approve, she wouldn’t treat Aria poorly in front of him. 
Moreover, it was at a banquet, everyone was watching. 
Lady Octavia also had her image to consider. 
"It’s nothing. I was just worried that due to Brandon’s status, you’d be targeted." 
Aria’s face changed: "Do you mean someone has targeted Brandon? Is he facing any danger now?" 
"Aria, don’t worry. Brandon is surrounded by a lot of bodyguards, all of them seasoned specialists, they will definitely protect him. Even if someone is watching him, they won’t be able to harm him. I’m afraid that, if these people cannot touch him, they’ll turn their attention towards you instead." 
Upon hearing her explanation, Aria seems to relax all of a sudden. 
As long as Brandon was fine, everything was good. 
As for herself, she wasn’t scared at all. 
"Ha ha ha, don’t worry about me. The house here is very safe, and every time I go out, he arranges bodyguards for me. He said those bodyguards are all formidable people who can protect me well." 
"Hmm, that’s good." 
Joanna was silent for a while, thinking about the banquet tonight, she couldn’t help but ask: "Aria, are you going to attend the banquet tonight?" 
"Of course. The banquet tonight is specifically for Jeremy, I definitely have to attend." 
Going to the Heath family meant that she would meet Brandon’s family. 
Aria was actually very torn about this. 
She didn’t want to meet Brandon’s family so early. 
She and Brandon had just confirmed their relationship not too long ago. 
Meeting the parents so early seemed a bit too soon for her. 
Furthermore, she was a little bit scared. 
She didn’t know what kind of people Brandon’s parents and other family members are, whether they’re easy to get along with. 
"Baby, tell me about Brandon’s family," Aria asked after some thought, "Are his parents easy to get along with? What’s your relationship with his parents like? Do they value social status a lot?" 
The situation at the Rowlett family was always a lingering worry for Aria. 
If the situation at the Lawrence family was bad. 
Then the situation at the Rowlett family is many times worse than that of the Lawrence family. 
Regardless of how ill-treated Joanna was by her stepmother, at least her father loved her dearly. 
But her own family... 
Aria clenched her fists and pursed her lips. 
Joanna was silent for a moment before saying, "Wealthy and influential families usually value family status, don’t they? According to Ashton Heath, Dad went abroad for a study tour and probably won’t be back until the end of the year. As for mother-in-law, I also followed Ashton back to the family’s old mansion only two or three times, I don’t have much contact with her." 
"Grandma is quite nice and warm. As for the others, I’m not too sure."
###Chapter 1401: Chapter 1315: Actually, This Matter can be Handled Easily
"Aria." Joanna Lawrence grabbed Aria Rowlett’s hand, hesitated for a moment, then said, "I just want to say that no matter what the rest of the Heath family is like, as long as Brandon likes you and treats you well, that’s all that matters. Just like me and Ashton Heath, after we got married, I only visited the Heath Villa occasionally. Whether his family likes me or not, I’m not the one living with them." 
"Who the people around you are is what’s most important." 
Aria? Rowlett listened to her say this, and everything became clear. 
After a moment of silence, she nodded gently and said, "Hmm, I understand." 
* 
Heath family. 
A middle-aged man stood outside the Piano Room. He gently knocked on the door, and the sound of the piano inside ceased. 
A woman’s voice from inside ordered, "Come in."
The man gently pushed the door open, entered, and again gently shut the door behind him. 
Sitting next to the black lacquered piano was a woman with a cold, noble beauty and an air of sophistication. 
He walked briskly to the woman, respectfully saying, "Lady Octavia, the matter you asked me to investigate has been clarified." 
Lady Octavia’s slender and delicate fingers were like white jade leeks, extremely well-maintained. The pair of hands that rested atop the piano were clearly those that had never done any hard work. 
She withdrew her fingers from the piano keys and slowly extended her hand. 
The man immediately handed over the investigative dossier. 
Lady Octavia took it from him, looking over it for a while, her face gradually darkening. 
After reading through all the material, Lady Octavia looked up, her complexion pallid. 
Again, it’s a woman from the slums. 
And another lowly actress! 
All these sirens shamelessly tried to seduce her sons. One Joanna Lawrence was enough, and now there was an Aria Rowlett. 
The Heath family marrying a lowly actress was already a big joke. 
She wouldn’t tolerate another actress stepping foot into the Heath house! 
If people found out that both her sons had married actresses, she didn’t know how many people would laugh at her. 
Even those women far beneath her, their sons’ daughters-in-law were at least of a certain familial status, and certainly wouldn’t stoop to work as lowly actresses. 
her sons were countless times better than those women’s sons. 
Even if matched with a fairy, it would be a fitting match. 
The man caught a glimpse of Lady Octavia’s complexion, cautiously said, "Lady Octavia, don’t be angry, take care of your health. Actually, this matter can be handled easily. If you dislike this girl, I have a way to separate her from Mr. Brandon." 
Lady Octavia, throwing the documents on the floor, looked at the man with a dark expression, "What’s your plan?" 
The man hesitated for a few seconds before cautiously saying, "Lady Octavia can begin with this girl’s parents. According to our investigation, her father is a gambler, her mother also likes to gamble, and the whole family has a preference for boys over girls." 
"She also has a brother, right? We could arrange for something to happen to her brother." 
"By that time, her parents will naturally be anxious. Lady Octavia can then arrange for someone to help solve the problem. At that point, no matter what requests you make, her parents will surely agree." 
Lady Octavia blinked, and a few seconds later, the gloominess on her face faded quite a bit, and her eyes brightened. 
Seeing this, the man knew that she must have taken his suggestion into consideration. 
He continued to make his case, "She has a childhood sweetheart back in her hometown, a neighbor’s older brother,"
###Chapter 1402: Chapter 1316: Can’t Let the Heath Family Have Another Joke
That neighbor’s brother really liked her. Her parents also intended for her to be with that man before, but she had refused." 
Lady Octavia’s eyes grew brighter and brighter, and the corners of her lips even showed a hint of a smile. She looked at the man and said with some excitement, "Keep talking." 
"Yes, ma’am." The man paused for a moment and continued, "This girl has been with Mr. Brandon for a short time, and their feelings for each other must not be stable yet. If misunderstandings are created at this time, Mr. Brandon might not like her as much." 
"What do you think is the most concerning thing for a man?" 
Lady Octavia was taken aback, and then she widened her eyes. 
"You mean..." 
"Yes, if the lady trusts me, she can leave this matter to me. I promise to handle it well and solve the lady’s worries." 
Lady Octavia’s heartbeat quickened, and a hint of hesitation appeared in her eyes. 
"If the lady wants to quickly sever Mr. Brandon’s ill-fated relationship, she can’t hesitate any longer. If she gets pregnant with Mr. Brandon’s child, it will be difficult to handle later. If Madam Heath learns about the pregnancy, she will definitely let her in for the sake of the child." 
"Mr. Brandon is destined to be a great man, and his future status will be even more distinguished. She doesn’t deserve Mr. Brandon. What the lady is doing is for Mr. Brandon’s benefit, and I believe he will appreciate the lady’s painstaking efforts." 
"Mr. Brandon has always been filial, and he wouldn’t have a falling out with the lady over a trivial woman. The lady doesn’t need to worry too much." 
Lady Octavia was initially hesitant in her heart. 
Ashton Heath and she are already at odds with each other now. 
Before this, she didn’t believe that her filial second son would be at odds with her over a woman like this. 
But now... 
If her eldest son also became alienated from her, what would she do? 
However, there were some things she had to do. 
The Heath family already had one joke. 
She couldn’t allow the Heath family to have a second joke. 
Even if her two sons resent and blame her in the future, as long as she can clear her conscience, that’s enough.
Everything she’s done is for their own good. 
Even if they don’t understand it now, they’ll eventually understand her painstaking efforts one day. 
Thinking of this, there was no more hesitation in Lady Octavia’s eyes. 
"Fine, go take care of this right away. Be very careful and don’t let anyone discover it. Especially don’t let Mr. Brandon find out — he’s at the most crucial moment now, and we don’t want to distract him." 
A moment later, the man left the Piano Room. 
Lady Octavia turned her head to look outside the window, sighed gently, and muttered, "Brandon, don’t blame Mom. Ashton has already made a mistake, and I can’t let you make another one." 
* 
Later, Ashton Heath drove to Brandon Heath’s house to pick up Joanna Lawrence. 
He had just arrived, and within a few minutes, Brandon also hurried back. 
Joanna and Aria Rowlett were playing games together. Ria knocked on the door and walked into the bedroom, saying, "Ms. Aria and Ms. Joanna, Mr. Brandon and Mr. Ashton are back." 
As soon as Ria finished speaking, two tall figures simultaneously walked in from outside. 
Ria saw the two men coming in and respectfully called out, "Mr. Brandon, Mr. Ashton." 
Aria and Joanna both looked up at the same time. 
They watched the handsome and noble brothers walk slowly towards them. 
Joanna and Ashton already had a bit of an ’old married couple’ vibe. The two of them shared a smile, and Ashton extended his hand. Joanna put her hand on top of his.
###Chapter 1403: Chapter 1317: A Man Who Teases Invisibly Anytime, Anywhere
Ashton Heath held her hand and said: "Baby, let’s go. You’ve spent quite a lot of time with your best friend already, and I think you’ve said everything you need to say. We shouldn’t remain here like a third wheel, bothering Brandon and Aria." 
Aria Rowlett’s face turned red at his tease. 
With a faint smile, Brandon Heath walked over to Aria, and when he was beside her, he held out a hand, "I got you a formal dress, why don’t you try it on?" 
Noticing his outstretched hand, Aria hesitated, but then Brandon leaned down and took her small hand into his. 
Aria was startled, as if she had been burned by something. 
She looked up in surprise. 
Brandon Heath’s expression was calm, but there was a gentle warmth in his eyes as their gazes met. "What’s wrong?" 
Aria bit her lip and glanced at Joanna and Ashton who still hadn’t left. Her face burned again. 
She shook her head, stood up and asked, "Why did you come back so early? I thought I would have to wait an hour or two more." 
"Hmm, it ended earlier than expected," Brandon replied as if he didn’t see the other people in the room, "I didn’t want to keep you waiting too long." 
Aria’s face immediately turned a shade of red. 
She had never expected that Brandon Heath, too, would be so good at sweet-talking a girl. 
And, in front of others, no less. 
Joanna, on the other hand, had an amused smirk on her face. 
She had worried that Brandon’s reserved personality would make him clueless about romance and how to please a girl, and that Aria would find him boring. 
Now, she thought she had been overthinking it. 
It seemed that the men of the Heath family were all introverted romantics. 
Ashton and Brandon had no prior romantic experience, so she initially assumed that Ashton wouldn’t know how to interact with women and would be awkward in romantic situations, but she had underestimated him. 
He hadn’t been in a relationship before, but he seemed to be naturally equipped with romantic skills. 
Sweet nothings came to him like second nature. 
He would often flirt with her until she couldn’t take any more. 
So, perhaps it was the same with all Heath men. 
Born with romantic skills? 
It was true for Ashton Heath, and the same for Brandon. 
Her previous concerns were now unfounded. 
"Baby, I also got a dress for you. Want to try it on?" Ashton smiled at his brother and Aria before taking Joanna by the hand and leaving the bedroom. 
Once they were outside, Joanna thoughtfully closed the bedroom door behind them. 
* 
After getting in the car with Ashton, Joanna couldn’t help but sigh about what had just happened. "I can’t believe Brandon knows how to make a girl happy too. Ashton, are all you Heath men like that?" 
"Like what?" Ashton’s lips curved as he gazed affectionately at the woman beside him. 
"Having natural skills in sweet-talking, I mean." 
"Born with sweet-talking skills?" Ashton raised an eyebrow, "Is that a compliment?"
"Well, sort of," Joanna nodded. 
"I don’t know if it’s something we’re born with," Ashton laughed. "All I know is that the Heath men will automatically activate this skill when they meet their destined partners." 
Joanna: "..." 
This man, who could flirt effortlessly and invisibly at any time. 
Carelessly, she had let him set her heart racing once more with his charm.
###Chapter 1404: Chapter 1318: Who are you learning from?
"Baby, what’s wrong?" The man’s voice was deep and gentle. 
Joanna took a deep breath, secretly thinking that even though she and Ashton Heath were husband and wife, he still managed to make her blush and her heart race every time. 
If it had been when they first met, she guessed she would have had a heart attack. 
"Ashton Heath, do you realize you just said another romantic line?" 
"Hmm?" The man’s "hmm" carried a few unconscious hints of seduction. 
As she looked into his deep, dark eyes, Joanna’s heart raced again. 
She wondered if she was the only one whose heart raced irregularly because of her husband’s flirting. 
"Do you like hearing it?" The man reached out, held her in his arms, and whispered in her ear, "If you like it, I’ll say it to you every day." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Hmm? Do you like it?" 
The warm breath was getting closer and closer, and Joanna blinked. 
* 
After Joanna and Ashton Heath left, 
Brandon Heath let go of Aria Rowlett’s hand, turned around, and said, "The formal dress is in the locker room. Go try it on to see if it fits." 
Then he walked towards the door. 
Aria Rowlett looked at the man’s tall and erect figure, her eyebrows gradually knitting together. 
She lowered her head and looked at her hand, which was still warm with the man’s touch. 
Originally, she had thought that Brandon Heath had come to his senses. 
But, not long after Joanna and Ashton Heath had left, he let go of her hand and maintained a distance from her, 
Resuming their usual pattern of interaction. 
This made Aria Rowlett suspect that his actions just now were only for show in front of Ashton Heath and Joanna. 
Was it because he didn’t want her to lose face in front of others? 
Or didn’t want others to think that their relationship was bad? 
No matter which situation it was, Aria Rowlett was quite depressed. 
The boyfriends of others were always being intimate with their girlfriends. 
But her boyfriend ... 
Her boyfriend, was perhaps too much of a gentleman. 
"Brandon Heath, stop!" Aria Rowlett’s heart was suffocated, watching the man who had already walked to the door, pushing it open to leave, she yelled in annoyance. 
Brandon Heath hesitated for a moment. 
Standing at the door, he didn’t ask Aria Rowlett what was wrong, nor did he look back. 
But he didn’t leave either. 
"You answer me one question." Aria Rowlett became more and more depressed as she thought about it. She quickly walked to his back, and stretched out a hand to grab his arm. 
Brandon Heath very rarely initiated any intimate actions towards her. 
But he also wouldn’t refuse Aria Rowlett’s closeness. 
He let the girl behind him hold his arm, and spoke gently, "Yes, what question?" 
Aria Rowlett bit her lip: "Am I your girlfriend?" 
Brandon Heath paused for a moment, then quickly answered, "Of course you are." 
"Do you treat me as your girlfriend?" 
"Of course." 
"Then do you know how a couple should interact with each other?" 
Ashton Heath was silent for a while before replying, "I’m learning." 
He’s still learning. 
It seemed like he hadn’t really learned it well. 
"You’re learning, but who are you learning from?" 
The man was silent for a while, then said, "Luke will tell me some things, and I will also read related books. What’s wrong, did I do something wrong?" 
Brandon Heath, with hindsight, realized that Aria Rowlett was not happy. He turned around, and carefully looked her up and down. 
Aria Rowlett: "..."
###Chapter 1405: Chapter 1319: I Don’t Want to Break Up with You
Did he learn from Luke? 
God knows how much Luke didn’t get along with her at first, and even now when she’s with Brandon Heath, Luke’s attitude hasn’t improved much. 
When Brandon Heath’s around, Luke’s polite. 
But as soon as Brandon Heath leaves, he’s all sarcastic and strange. 
Aria Rowlett now wonders if there’s something wrong with Luke, which might be causing problems for Brandon Heath as well.
She didn’t know what on earth Luke had told Brandon Heath. 
Anyway, she knew that Luke didn’t approve of her and Brandon Heath being together. 
"What do you think?" Aria Rowlett pouted, "Brandon Heath, do you think we look like a couple?" 
Brandon Heath hesitated for a moment, then asked back, "Don’t you think so?" 
Aria Rowlett: "...Since you’ve asked Luke and read books on it, you should know how a normal couple gets along. Do we, in our current state, resemble a normal couple?" 
Unbeknownst to Aria Rowlett, her tone carried a hint of resentment: "If you don’t like me, you don’t have to force yourself to be with me. What happened that night was consensual, and you don’t have to take responsibility for me. It’s not too late to break up with me now." 
Brandon Heath’s expression had been indifferent the entire time. Only when he heard the words "break up" did his face finally change. 
He furrowed his brow, as if suddenly realizing something, and his expression turned serious and stern. 
"Why are you suddenly saying this? Did I do something wrong that made you angry? If you have any dissatisfaction with me, you can bring it up, and I can change. But don’t casually mention breaking up." 
"Aria Rowlett, I’m very serious about dating you. I’ve also thought about our future. I don’t want to break up with you." 
The man’s eyes were deep, like ink in their blackness, and seemed to hide a barely dissolved concentration of color. 
As he said he didn’t want to break up with her, Aria Rowlett thought she could hear her heart beating faster. 
At this moment, she felt like Brandon Heath genuinely liked her. 
And also valued her. 
The moment she mentioned breaking up, his face changed instantaneously. 
He didn’t look like he was with her just because he felt responsible. 
But, if he liked her, then why would he... 
"Tell me, where did I fall short?" Seeing that she didn’t respond, Brandon Heath thought she must be really mad. 
He immediately began to recall his interactions with Aria Rowlett since they first met, trying to figure out what he had done wrong. 
He remembered reading about a relationship expert who had analyzed such situations in a book. 
The expert said that when a woman is angry, a man should apologize without weighing her reasons; women are always right. 
If a woman is wrong, it’s because the man didn’t do well. 
When a woman is angry, don’t try to reason with her. Lecturing her will only make her more upset. 
After filtering all the events in his mind, Brandon Heath had a rough idea of why Aria Rowlett was angry. 
"I’m sorry." Following the principle he learned from the book, even though he still didn’t know why Aria was upset, he proactively apologized. 
Aria Rowlett was taken aback: "Why are you apologizing to me?" 
"Because I did something that made you unhappy." Brandon Heath self-consciously criticized himself, "I may not be able to be with you every day, but I’ll try my best to come back when I can."
###Chapter 1406: Chapter 1320: Angering You Is Doing Wrong
"I’m sorry, I may not be able to be by your side as often as other boyfriends. I know I’m not good enough, and I haven’t been doing well. I’ve been thinking about how to balance work and love..." 
"Wait." 
Aria Rowlett felt more and more that Brandon Heath might have misunderstood something. 
Could it be that he thought she was angry because he wasn’t spending enough time with her? 
"Brandon Heath, why are you apologizing to me?"
Brandon Heath was silent for a moment before saying, "I was wrong." 
Aria Rowlett: "... What do you think you did wrong?" 
"Making you angry means I did something wrong." 
"..." 
"If I did something wrong, I have to apologize." 
"..." 
"From now on, all my private time outside of work will be given to you." This was the most he could do. 
"Brandon Heath, I think you misunderstood me." 
Joanna let out a soft sigh: "I’m not blaming you for not having time to be with me." 
As expected, he had misunderstood her. 
"It’s not because of that?" Brandon Heath frowned, his eyes filled with confusion, "Then what is it because of?" 
Joanna: "..." 
It seemed that he really didn’t think there was a problem with their relationship. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked like that. 
"Brandon Heath, don’t you think there’s a problem with our relationship? We are supposed to be boyfriend and girlfriend, but we are just like normal friends." 
Brandon Heath’s face changed slightly as he looked at her and asked, "What’s the problem?" 
Aria Rowlett: "... Don’t you feel that we are different from other couples? Although we are in a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship, I don’t think we are acting like a couple at all. If you are only with me because of responsibility, there is really no need." 
Brandon Heath looked at her with furrowed brows: "No." 
Aria Rowlett was startled: "No what?" 
"It’s not just because of responsibility." 
Aria Rowlett’s heartbeat sped up a little. 
"Then, what is it because of?" 
"I don’t know." Brandon Heath’s eyes held a hint of bewilderment. After a pause, he looked at her and said, "But I don’t want you to be with any other man." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
What was this supposed to mean? She wasn’t quite sure. 
"Aria Rowlett." Brandon Heath suddenly called her name. 
Aria Rowlett looked at him. 
The man was breathtakingly handsome, his face seemingly sculpted by God himself. His eyebrows, eyes, nose, and lips were all stunning. 
He exuded an innate nobility and elegance, wearing a white shirt like the noble young masters from generational families of the past. 
As flawless as jade, the young master was unparalleled in the world. 
Aria Rowlett felt that these phrases were most fitting when applied to Brandon Heath. 
This man was striking in looks, family background, personal ability, and character. 
He was almost perfect. 
Every time Aria Rowlett saw him, she doubted her own charm. 
She couldn’t help but wonder if Brandon Heath really liked her. 
What was there about her that he would find appealing? 
There were so many women in his circle who were far superior to her that hadn’t captured his heart. Could he really fall for her? 
What could she, an ordinary girl, offer to attract him? 
If it were just about some external advantages, what kind of beautiful woman wouldn’t a man of their status have seen? 
"Perhaps I haven’t figured out my feelings for you just yet. But I do know that my choice to be with you isn’t solely because of responsibility. I’ve never thought about breaking up with you, so don’t think about it either. I can’t possibly hand you over to another man."
###Chapter 1407: Chapter 1321: After this, I will do as you said.
He spoke those words with a bit of dominance, no longer the gentle attitude he always displayed when being accommodating to her. 
He could comply with most of her requests. 
All of her demands, he would try his best to satisfy her. 
But he wouldn’t agree if she wanted to break up with him. 
"As for what you said about us not being like boyfriend and girlfriend," Brandon Heath thought seriously and looked at her. "You can tell me what kind of relationship you’d prefer with me. I’m sorry, but I haven’t dated other girls before, so I have no experience." 
"But I can learn and change. So please tell me what I did wrong." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
How was she supposed to explain something like this? 
She suddenly realized that Brandon might be the kind of man who was slow to catch on and very proper in his actions. 
It would be better if she took the initiative rather than waiting for him to do so. 
All this time, she had been waiting for him to get the hint and make a move. 
However, based on the current situation, it seemed like waiting wouldn’t give her what she wanted, even if she waited for a year. 
Aria was different from Brandon; she was very clear about her own feelings. 
She knew very well that she liked Brandon Heath and wanted to be with him. 
If she wanted their relationship to develop further, she couldn’t just wait any longer. 
She wasn’t a shy person, and she never felt that the man had to take the initiative in a relationship. 
Aria decided that rather than letting someone else teach her boyfriend how to date, she would train him herself. 
Under Brandon’s slightly surprised gaze, she grabbed one of his hands. 
Her slender, jade-like fingers intertwined with his, holding on tightly. 
"You said you could learn?" Aria clasped his hand and shook it lightly, though her face was heating up, she made no move to let go. "Let’s start with the first step then, Brandon Heath. From now on, you must hold my hand when we’re together." 
"Holding hands is the first step in intimate contact between couples." 
Brandon looked down at their intertwined fingers and moved his thin lips slightly, just as he was about to speak, the girl beside him suddenly threw herself into his arms and hugged him. 
His body instantly stiffened. 
The girl in his arms slowly embraced him and then lifted her head. Her bright, blushing face looked at him and said, "The second step is hugging." 
It was clear that the girl was feeling shy, her face was very red, and her voice was soft. 
Brandon’s Adam’s apple moved a bit, and a strange feeling suddenly welled up in his heart. 
"What about the third step?" he asked, his voice very low. 
"The third step..." Aria bit the corner of her lip, her heart racing, and her eyes flickered, as she reached out to hold the man’s handsome face and tiptoed up a bit. 
Brandon’s breathing stopped for a few seconds. 
As her warm lips touched his, he didn’t have time to savor it before the warmth was gone. 
Aria’s heart was pounding fast. She pursed her lips and tried to sound composed. "This... this is the third step." 
As she withdrew her lips, Brandon felt an unexpected sense of loss in his heart. 
"And there’s the fourth step." 
Aria was too embarrassed to say the last step out loud. 
But Brandon already knew what she meant. 
With the image of that night flashing through his mind and feeling some desire, he took a deep breath, pushed Aria away gently and said, "We’ll leave the last step for after we get married. As for the rest, I got it." 
"From now on, I’ll do as you say." 
"Marriage?" There was a hint of surprise in Aria’s eyes. 
They had just started dating, and he was already thinking about marriage?
###Chapter 1408: Chapter 1322: I won’t let you be wronged.
"Mmm, yes, marriage." 
"But, we have just started dating." 
"I know. However, I’m dating you with the intention of marriage." The man’s eyes were pitch black, with a serious gaze, "So I hope that some things won’t happen until the right time comes. That night was an accident, I was under the influence of the drug. But don’t worry, such accidents won’t happen again before our marriage." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
She had no concerns about not trusting him. 
It was because he wasn’t close enough to her that she felt so depressed. 
Moreover, she didn’t mind repeating the accident from that night at all. 
"What’s the matter?" Seeing her not speaking, Brandon Heath thought about his words and asked, "Did I say something wrong?" 
"No." 
Aria Rowlett pursed her lips, and after looking at him silently for a while, she said, "Brandon Heath, I hope you’re with me voluntarily. I don’t want you to force yourself." 
The man replied quickly, "I’m not forcing myself, I’m doing it willingly." 
Aria Rowlett was stunned for a moment, her lips couldn’t help but curl up slightly, "That’s what you said, I’ve given you the chance to back out. If you want to back out later, you won’t have the chance." 
Brandon Heath’s lips also slowly curled up: "Mmm, I won’t back out." 
"What if..." Aria Rowlett thought of some concerns and hesitated for a moment before asking tentatively, "What if your family doesn’t like me, what will you do?" 
"They will definitely like you since you’re so great." 
"What if they don’t like me?" 
"I’ll try to make them like you. If that doesn’t work, there’s no need to force it. After we get married, we won’t live with my parents, and they won’t interfere in our lives." 
"So you don’t need to worry about that." 
"And, I’m fair. If you’re worried about the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship in the future, you don’t have to worry, either." 
Aria Rowlett felt that Brandon Heath’s words were like a calming pill, instantly putting her heart at ease. 
When she asked those questions, she really felt uneasy and apprehensive. 
She was also worried about tonight’s banquet. 
But with Brandon Heath’s words, her heart wasn’t as apprehensive and uneasy as before. 
Anyway, as long as Brandon Heath was willing to stand by her side, she had nothing to be afraid of. 
"You don’t have to think too much. If we really get to the point of marriage, I’ll take care of all the concerns you have. I’ll make sure you can marry me without any worries." Brandon Heath hesitated for a moment, recalling the dating steps Aria Rowlett had taught him earlier, and then stepped forward to gently hug her. 
His voice was low and gentle, "I won’t let you suffer any grievances." 
Aria Rowlett’s heart trembled slightly, and she looked up. 
It was the first time Brandon Heath had hugged her since they had confirmed their relationship. 
There was a pleasant scent in the man’s arms, a subtle, warm, and comforting fragrance. 
At this moment, Aria Rowlett felt that he might really have a little fondness for her. 
Because he had listened to her words. 
So, his lack of intimacy with her before wasn’t because he didn’t like her, but because he really didn’t know how to be in love? 
Aria Rowlett’s mood started to improve little by little. 
She thought that if Brandon Heath didn’t know, then he didn’t know. She would no longer be in a hurry, and she would no longer have wild thoughts. 
It didn’t matter if he didn’t know, she could teach him slowly.
###Chapter 1409: Chapter 1323: She Has Been Furiously Going on Blind Dates Recently
As long as he’s willing to learn, and to listen to her, many problems won’t be problems anymore. 
He doesn’t know how to be in love, at least it proves that she is indeed his first girlfriend. 
She is also his first woman. 
Compared to those experienced who know everything, she of course still prefers Brandon. 
* 
The banquet held by Jeremy Lawrence tonight didn’t invite many people. 
The ones invited are some close friends and relatives. 
The Luther, the White, the Kelloway, and the Lancaster families have naturally all received invitations. 
But for these wealthy and influential families, just one family is equivalent to several times the number of people in an ordinary family. 
So, even if the number of people invited is small, there are still hundreds of people in the banquet hall, creating a lively atmosphere. 
Everyone invited more or less knows what tonight’s banquet is all about. 
A group of people gathered together, whispering. 
"Do you know who the adopted son the Heath family just recognized is?" 
"I heard that he’s Sir Damien’s illegitimate child from the past, who Sir Damien didn’t dare to recognize until now. Because Lady Delilah couldn’t have a child, in desperation, they brought him back." 
"Fortunately, Sir Damien has this illegitimate son. Otherwise, wouldn’t the family line end?" 
"But I heard that Lady Delilah adopted a nephew as an adopted son. Now that the biological son is back, does the adopted son still have a position in this family? Lady Delilah might not be willing." 
"What can she do if she is unwilling? After all, she cannot give birth. Sir Damien has already been very considerate by not divorcing her and remarrying." 
"I wonder what the young master they just recognized looks like." 
"Given the Heath family’s genes, no matter what, he won’t be too bad. We’ll be able to see him soon." 
While people were discussing, suddenly a woman glanced towards the door and whispered:"The Kelloways are here. Did you hear? Rebecca Kelloway was going around dating. They say the Kelloway business is in trouble and they’re looking to form a marriage alliance to tide over the crisis." 
"However, given the Kelloway family’s current situation, I guess no one dares to form an alliance with them." 
"Rebecca’s situation?" Some people chuckled lightly and said with a touch of schadenfreude, "Of course we’ve heard. She’s dating like crazy. Ah, who could have guessed that Ms. Rebecca, once high and mighty, would have this kind of day. The men she used to look down upon might not even want her now. Is she coming to the banquet today? It’s said that the Heath family and the Kelloway family get along well. The Kelloway family is in trouble, so surely the Heath are offering help." 
"Speak of the devil, there she is. Isn’t that Rebecca?" 
Some were pointing towards the entrance. 
A few gossiping women turned their heads to see the Kelloway family entering the hall from outside. 
Lady Patrice Kelloway and her daughters, Rebecca and Regina, are all here, even as the Kelloways lose favor, Rebecca still comes dressed lavishly, not losing an inch in terms of aura. 
She still carries herself with a proud air, like a beautiful, noble swan. 
The moment the Kelloway sisters appear, the gaze of many men in the hall is drawn their way. 
In this circle, who doesn’t know about the dazzling Kelloway sisters? Both the older and younger sister are born very beautiful, they are attractive to look at. 
Even though Regina is younger, she has grown up to be slender and elegant, delicate and pretty. 
If the Kelloway Group didn’t run into trouble, the two sisters would certainly be the ones other people dreamed of marrying. 
But now... 
Even if there are men who are attracted to their beauty, they wouldn’t dare to rush into a marriage alliance with the Kelloway family, fearing they would be dragged down with them.
###Chapter 1410: Chapter 1324: I Really Envy You at Times Like These
Rebecca Kelloway, once the apple of everybody’s eye, had become a person no one dared to associate with. 
Many well-bred ladies, who used to be overshadowed by her and always felt inferior, took pleasure in the Kelloway family’s misfortune when they heard the news. 
"The Kelloway Group must be on the verge of bankruptcy, right? Look at her, still acting all high and mighty. I wonder what she’s so full of herself for. If I were her, I’d be too embarrassed to even go out these days. Doesn’t she know what people are saying about her?" 
"Don’t speak so definitively. The Kelloway Group might not go bankrupt. The Heath family and the Kelloway family have been close for generations, so the Heaths should help them out at a time like this, right? As long as the Heath family is willing to help, the Kelloway Group won’t go bankrupt." 
"If the Heath family were willing to help, would Rebecca Kelloway need to go on blind dates every day? In my view, even though the two families claim to be close, the Heaths might not be willing to help out when interests are at stake." 
"Stop talking. She’s coming."
"Pff, what is there to be afraid of? The Kelloways are in such a state now. Are you still scared of Rebecca Kelloway?" 
Although the few people talked disdainfully about Rebecca, they lowered their voices when they saw Rebecca approaching and didn’t dare to continue discussing her. 
The Kelloway family hadn’t truly gone bankrupt yet. 
Rebecca was still someone they didn’t dare offend easily. 
However, even though they didn’t dare to openly go against Rebecca, their attitudes towards her were no longer as polite and enthusiastic as before. 
In the past, the ladies would have eagerly greeted Rebecca by now. 
This time, as Rebecca walked right past them, no one even pretended to notice or greeted her. 
And these were people who used to have good superficial relationships with Rebecca. 
Rebecca, looking nonchalant, didn’t bother greeting the ladies either and walked past them. 
No sooner had she passed than someone behind her muttered sarcastically, "What’s she acting so noble and lofty for? Now she can’t even get married, and she still puts on airs like a well-bred lady. Does she think the Kelloway family of today is still the same as before?" 
"Yeah, who in the circle doesn’t know that Ms. Rebecca is now unwanted? Does she still think she’s the Ms. Joanna of the old Kelloway family?" 
The ladies spoke softly, thinking that Rebecca hadn’t heard them. 
But Rebecca had heard every word they said. 
Regina Kelloway, who was with Rebecca, heard it too. 
Rebecca’s face turned incredibly ugly for a moment, her fists clenched. 
She wanted to confront those women. 
But considering her family’s situation, she could only endure. 
"Joanna," whispered Regina, sensing Rebecca’s anger, "don’t take them seriously. They are just jealous of you, and that’s why they’re gloating now." 
"Is it jealousy?" Rebecca clenched her lips, a sarcastic smile etched on her face as she thought back on her recent experiences, "Aren’t they just stating the truth? Everyone knows that Ms. Rebecca has become a laughingstock in the social circle, and it’s not just them who think so. Everyone else does as well." 
"Look at it – Ms. Rebecca used to be so full of herself and so unattainable. But now, she’s fallen so low that nobody even wants her. Don’t you think I’ve become the butt of everyone’s joke?" 
"Joanna, don’t think like that. The opinions of a few people don’t represent everyone. Not everyone thinks like that. Since they said those things, they aren’t real friends. You don’t have to care about what they said." 
"Regina, you know what? At times like this, I’m really envious of you," Rebecca stopped walking, lowered her head,
###Chapter 1411: Chapter 1325: He Doesn’t Want Your Contact Information
Her gaze fell on Regina Kelloway’s somewhat naive and bright face. Her lips curled up, but her eyes didn’t show any sign of amusement. "You’re still young, and with an older sister like me to take the lead, you don’t have to bear any responsibility when something happens at home. Of course, you can’t understand some things I’ve experienced, so you speak lightly of them. If you were in my shoes, doing the things I’ve done, I don’t believe you’d still say that." 
Regina was taken aback, looking at the resentment reflected in her sister’s eyes, she was even a little scared. 
She could feel the resentment in Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes was aimed at her. 
Her sister was holding a grudge against her. 
Regina’s eyes filled with confusion. She didn’t know what she had done wrong and what had angered her sister. 
Just as she opened her mouth to explain, she felt a stir in the hall. 
The women who were just picking on Rebecca Kelloway had their eyes brightened, fixated on a certain direction. 
Regina followed their gaze and saw that it was Frank Parker and his friends who had appeared. 
As several men from Closia, with good looks and top-notch family background, appeared, all the married and unmarried women in the hall became restless. 
Everyone knew that if they could climb into a relationship with any of them, they would enjoy endless wealth and glory for the rest of their lives. 
Since it was a business marriage, they naturally wanted to pick the best from the sea of potential candidates. 
And the best single men in Closia were those right in front of them. 
Some bold women were already raising their wine glasses to go and strike up a conversation. 
Rebecca Kelloway saw a woman walking up to Frank Parker with a wine glass, talking to him with a sweet smile. 
Among Yannick Luther’s group, apart from Frank Parker, the others were all accompanied by their girlfriends. 
So the women trying to strike a conversation with Frank Parker were the most. 
Soon, there were three or four women crowded around Frank Parker. 
Rebecca Kelloway observed for a while, her face darkening. She clenched her lips, her intense gaze fixed on the women approaching Frank Parker. 
Seeing her expression, Regina asked cautiously, "Sis, it’s Yannick and the others, should we go over and say hello?"
Without saying a word, Rebecca Kelloway went straight for Yannick Luther and his friends with a cold face. 
Regina hesitated for a moment, then quickly followed her sister. 
* 
When Rebecca Kelloway walked over, Yannick Luther noticed her. He glanced at Frank Parker beside him and called out, "Rebecca." 
Seeing Regina Kelloway following behind Rebecca, he smiled and softened his voice, "Oh, Regina, you’re here too." 
"Yannick, Denver." Regina had known Yannick Luther and Denver Lancaster for a longer time, but she wasn’t very close to Gary White, so she addressed him as Mr. White. 
Hearing her voice, Frank Parker turned his head. 
"Frank." Regina greeted Frank with a sweet voice. 
Frank Parker used to be very kind to Rebecca Kelloway, and naturally, he was nice to Regina as well out of affection. 
Regina also liked him very much. 
At one time, she had even hoped that Frank Parker could become her brother-in-law. 
Frank Parker nodded at Regina and his gaze turned colder when he looked at Rebecca standing beside her. He didn’t greet Rebecca, and quickly turned his eyes away. 
Seeing this, Rebecca Kelloway felt an unbearable pain in her heart, as if ants were biting her. 
"Mr. Parker, this is my Twitter ID, would you mind scanning the QR code?" The woman who was talking to Frank Parker just now held up her phone, trying to get Frank’s contact information. 
Before Frank could respond, Rebecca Kelloway walked up to his side with a cold face and said to the woman, "Can’t you see that he doesn’t want your contact information?"
###Chapter 1412: Chapter 1326: I Don’t Need You to Make Decisions for Me
The woman who asked for contact details was taken aback. 
She recognized Rebecca Kelloway. 
If it were Rebecca from the past who spoke to her like this, she wouldn’t dare to respond. 
But considering the current situation of the Kelloway family, the woman didn’t take Rebecca seriously anymore. 
She sneered coldly at Rebecca: "Who do you think you are? Oh, you’re Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family. Since when did you become Mr. Parker’s spokesperson? Mr. Parker hasn’t even spoken yet, and you already know that he doesn’t want my contact information. What’s the relationship between you and Mr. Parker?" 
No one has ever confronted Rebecca so directly before. 
Rebecca, her face pale, said: "My relationship with Frank Parker is none of your business. When I say he doesn’t want it, he doesn’t want it." 
The woman sneered again, and provokingly looked at Frank Parker standing aside: "Mr. Parker, does Ms. Rebecca’s intention also represent your thoughts? Is it possible that you and Ms. Rebecca are dating? If that’s the case, I apologize for interrupting." 
Frank Parker gazed at the woman with an indifferent expression. 
The woman was initially confident, not taking Rebecca’s words seriously. 
But facing Frank Parker’s cold gaze, she started to panic a little. 
There were rumors in the circle that the young master of the Parker family liked Ms. Rebecca. 
However, Rebecca has been going on many blind dates recently, none of which involved the young master of the Parker family, triggering doubts about the authenticity of the rumors.
The woman also believed the rumors were false and thus overlooked Rebecca. 
Frank Parker just looked at the woman coldly, not saying a word. 
His attitude left the woman puzzled. 
The woman’s face changed slightly, she thought Frank Parker was tacitly acknowledging his relationship with Rebecca. 
She could overlook the current status of the Kelloway family, but if Rebecca was dating Frank Parker and relying on the Parker family, that was someone she couldn’t afford to offend. 
"It seems I guessed right." The woman, still unconvinced, tried to probe again. 
Seeing that Frank Parker remained silent, her face changed again, and she hastily said "Sorry for interrupting", then turned and left. 
The rest of the women followed suit, no longer in the mood to linger, they all turned and left. 
The way Frank Parker reacted had brought joy to Rebecca’s eyes, her eyes were slightly moist as she looked at him gratefully and said, "Frank, you..." 
"Don’t think too much about it, I’m just not interested in those women." 
Frank Parker quickly interrupted her, speaking with indifference: "From now on, you don’t need to decide things for me." 
Rebecca was stunned. 
"Ahem, let’s go inside instead of standing at the entrance. By the way, where’s Ashton? Why haven’t I seen him?" Yannick Luther noticed the tense atmosphere and quickly changed the subject. 
Denver Lancaster was slightly surprised by what he saw. 
He had never seen Frank Parker be so cold towards Rebecca. 
According to Yannick, the two have been at odds for some time. 
However, their relationship was still tense, he really didn’t know what had happened. 
One thing was clear: the one at fault was Rebecca. 
Because it seemed that Rebecca wanted to reconcile with Frank Parker, but Frank didn’t seem to share the same feelings. 
"Speak of the devil!" Denver Lancaster glimpsed a familiar figure, his lips twitching into a smirk. 
"It’s Ashton and sis-in-law, wow, sis-in-law looks so beautiful tonight." Yannick Luther also spotted Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath. When his gaze landed on Joanna Lawrence, he almost whistled in admiration.
###Chapter 1413: Chapter 1327: He Must Be Crazy
Gary White turned his head. 
When he saw Joanna Lawrence, a trace of tenderness mixed with pride flickered in his eyes. 
His sister was undoubtedly the most dazzling presence at the banquet tonight. 
Upon hearing that Joanna had arrived, Frank Parker’s indifferent facial expression subtly changed. 
His heartbeat involuntarily quickened, yet he maintained a composed demeanor, following the gazes of others to look at her. 
When his eyes fell upon Joanna, his astonishment was barely concealed. 
Joanna looked stunning that night. 
So much so that Frank’s heart skipped several beats. 
She wore a white long dress, her wavy hair spread over her shoulders. Her fair, gleaming skin under the crystal chandelier seemed to have a faint luminescence. All the delicate features on her small, palm-sized face appeared to be meticulously drawn. 
There were many well-bred ladies with stunning looks in the hall. 
However, they all paled in comparison to her. 
The moment she appeared, Frank felt as if he could no longer see anyone else or anything else in his field of vision. 
He recalled that one night she also wore a white dress. 
When she swam towards him underwater, she looked like an angel. 
Frank thought he must be obsessed, as he’d been thinking of her all this time. 
Even in his dreams, she often appeared. 
Although he knew she was his brother’s wife, and he knew he shouldn’t have any thoughts about her, he still couldn’t control his heart. 
He was such a scoundrel. 
He dared to have designs on his good brother’s wife. 
While Frank was looking at Joanna, Rebecca Kelloway was observing him. 
She saw the astonishment in his eyes as well as his unconsciously softened gaze when he looked at Joanna. 
Recalling a suspicion she once had, Rebecca’s face turned extremely ugly. 
Joanna, always Joanna. 
Why did the men around her, whether she liked them or they liked her, ultimately end up being snatched away by that bitch Joanna? 
Why! 
What’s so great about that bitch anyway? 
Everything was fine before Joanna showed up. 
All these changes happened after her appearance. 
Rebecca clenched her lips, her eyes filled with hatred. 
Yannick Luther, Frank Parker, Ashton Heath, Gary White... 
All the outstanding men around her seemed to ultimately become that bitch’s sidekick. 
The man she liked married that bitch. 
And the man who liked her now also fancied that bitch. 
Gary White was the wealthy bachelor that countless well-bred ladies wanted to marry, yet now he was that bitch’s brother. 
And then there were Yannick Luther, Denver Lancaster... 
These men, who were originally acquainted with her and had good relationships with her, were all now keeping their distance, gravitating towards that bitch. 
That bitch took everything away from her. 
And now that bitch had become the daughter of the White family, with a noble status equal to hers. 
Rebecca’s pride and sense of superiority came from her family background. 
But now, those advantages no longer existed. 
She had become the biggest joke in their circle. 
Meanwhile, Joanna had become the most dazzling person at present. 
The moment Ashton Heath escorted Joanna into the grand hall, many people inside were whispering and looking at them. 
"Who are those two? They seem to be quite familiar with Mr. Luther and Mr. White. That man is so handsome, but he looks unfamiliar. Do you guys know him?" 
"Have you noticed that no one pays much attention to Rebecca anymore? It’s really unexpected that even the Kelloway family’s Ms. Rebecca would face such a day."
###Chapter 1414: Chapter 1328: That Gaze... Absolutely Abnormal
"Why does that woman look familiar? Wait, isn’t she a newcomer in the entertainment industry?" 
"A newcomer in the entertainment industry? Who? Is a newcomer even eligible to attend the Heath family’s banquet?" 
"The one rumored to have had an affair with Mr. Parker, what’s her name, Joanna something." 
"I remember now, she was rumored to have been involved with Mr. Parker, but he made a clarification later, saying he had nothing to do with her. It was said online that she had found herself a wealthy man. Is it the man beside her?" 
"With an invitation to the Heath family’s banquet, the man beside her must have an extraordinary identity." 
A group of people chattered and gossiped, each guessing Ashton Heath’s identity. 
They didn’t know that the person they were discussing was one of the hosts of tonight’s banquet. 
"Ashton, we were just talking about you, and you showed up." Yannick Luther said with a grin, "What about your cousin? Have you seen him? What does he look like?" 
Ashton Heath glanced at him and didn’t say anything, then turned his gaze to Frank Parker standing nearby. 
The man’s eyes darkened, his arm around Joanna Lawrence’s waist tightened, and there was a hint of warning in his eyes as he looked at Frank Parker. 
Frank Parker received his warning glance, clenched his fists, and pretended to casually greet them, "Ashton, Joanna, you’ve arrived." 
Hearing him call Joanna by her name, Ashton Heath frowned. 
Yannick Luther and Denver Lancaster, who were standing nearby, looked puzzled and surprised. 
Especially Yannick. 
He knew very well how much Frank Parker disliked Joanna Lawrence. 
Because of this, he had advised Frank Parker many times. 
But Frank Parker didn’t listen to him at all and even had conflicts with Ashton Heath because of it. 
But now... 
He had just called Joanna Lawrence by such an intimate name. 
In the past, he wouldn’t even greet Joanna Lawrence when he saw her. 
Also, Yannick Luther felt that something seemed odd. 
But for the time being, he couldn’t figure out what was strange about it. 
"Frank, Joanna is my wife, your sister-in-law. You should change how you address her in the future." 
They say women’s intuition is accurate. 
But sometimes, men’s intuition can be accurate too. 
Ashton Heath could sense that Frank Parker had other intentions towards Joanna Lawrence. 
It wasn’t the first time he had sensed it. 
Although his guess might not necessarily be accurate, whether Frank Parker had such intentions or not, he needed to let him know that Joanna Lawrence was a woman he could not covet. 
Any such thoughts should be dismissed as soon as possible. 
Frank Parker’s expression visibly stiffened. 
After hearing Ashton Heath’s words, Yannick Luther finally realized why he had felt something strange earlier. 
They all called Joanna Lawrence ’sister-in-law.’ 
Only Frank Parker... 
His previous address seemed a bit too intimate. 
Especially since he had been so hostile to Joanna Lawrence, and now he suddenly made a 180-degree change. One can’t help but wonder what happened between them. 
Denver Lancaster also glanced at Frank Parker with a hint of hidden meaning in his eyes. 
Being men themselves. 
In some respects, men can also read other men very accurately. 
Denver Lancaster had noticed the way Frank Parker looked at Joanna Lawrence just now. 
That look... was definitely unusual. 
Hopefully, it was just his imagination. It would be best not to be as he suspected. 
Otherwise, it would be ugly when things blew up. 
Joanna Lawrence saw Gary White but not Madam White, so she asked softly, "Brother, why didn’t Mom come?"
###Chapter 1415: Chapter 1329: People from the Heath Family are Too Detestable
"She was held up by something and is probably still on her way." Gary White looked Joanna Lawrence up and down, and said gently, "Joanna, you look very beautiful today. This dress suits you very well." 
"What’s going on?" Yannick Luther, who overheard their conversation, looked baffled and asked, "Sister-in-law, what’s the relationship between you and Mr. White?" 
The White family hadn’t announced publicly that they had found their daughter. 
Ashton Heath hadn’t told Yannick Luther and others about Joanna Lawrence being the daughter the White family was looking for. 
So, not many people knew about the relationship between Joanna Lawrence and the White family. 
Of course, Yannick Luther didn’t know about it either. 
"It’s a long story, I’ll tell you when we have time," Gary White didn’t intend to explain to Yannick Luther at this moment. 
The group chatted for a while. 
Rebecca Kelloway stood aside, like an outsider. 
She had never been treated so unfairly, nor had she ever been so neglected. 
Watching the crowd surrounding Joanna, with Joanna at the center, while no one paid any attention to her, Rebecca felt humiliated at that moment. 
She looked at Joanna with resentment in her eyes. 
At this time, Lady Patrice came over. 
"Rebecca, come with me. Your aunt Mrs. Parkins’ son has returned from abroad and is also attending the banquet tonight. I’ll take you over to meet him," said Lady Patrice as she tried to take Rebecca’s hand. 
"Mom, I don’t want to go," Rebecca resisted and struggled. 
With resentment in her eyes, some redness around them, she looked at her mother and said, "Mom, I don’t want to stay here anymore, I want to go home." 
"We’ve just arrived, why are you leaving already? Your aunt’s son is excellent. I’ve checked him out for you, and he’s a handsome young fellow. Although he’s a bit short, he’s not much shorter than you. As long as his character is good and he treats you well, height won’t be a problem. Come and meet him with me first," Lady Patrice knew her daughter was upset, but given the Kelloway family’s current situation, she had no choice. 
The daughter was important. 
But the company was even more important. 
In order to save the company, even if she was reluctant, she had to make some sacrifices. 
Ashton Heath proposed a condition: as long as they could marry their daughter off within a month, he would be willing to help the Kelloway family survive. 
The Heath family was now the Kelloway family’s only hope. 
Kelloway Group could not go bankrupt. 
Thus, they had to marry Rebecca off as quickly as possible, according to Ashton’s demands. 
That was the reason Rebecca had been going on frequent blind dates recently. 
They had thought it would be a simple matter. 
But they hadn’t expected... 
People nowadays were extremely practical. Those families who had been fawning over the Kelloway family, hoping to marry their daughter, now avoided them as much as possible. 
No one dared to marry the Kelloway princess now. 
At this thought, Lady Patrice also showed a trace of resentment in her eyes. 
The Heaths were so hateful. 
After so many years of friendship between the two families, they had now forced her daughter into this situation. 
The most hateful person was Ashton Heath. 
Rebecca had liked him for so many years. He wasn’t moved by it, but now he was even forcing them to marry Rebecca off. 
Lady Patrice felt heartbroken for her daughter but had to compromise. 
She lowered her voice and persuaded Rebecca, "Rebecca, just do as your mother says. Regardless of whether you like him or not, go and meet him first. If you want to leave later, we’ll leave first." 
Rebecca clenched her lips.
###Chapter 1416: Chapter 1330: It’s Jeremy Lawrence, how could he be here?
"Rebecca..." Lady Patrice wanted to persuade her further. 
At this moment, someone said, "Oh, is that boy Madam Heath brought the child the Heath family just acknowledged? No wonder, he has the Heath family genes, he looks so handsome." 
That remark attracted everyone’s attention to the revolving staircase at the front of the hall. 
First, they saw Madam Heath coming out. 
Then, a young man wearing a white shirt and black trousers followed her out. 
The young man carefully helped Madam Heath to the front of the banquet hall. 
As Regina Kelloway caught sight of the young man accompanying Madam Heath, she was struck dumb, her face showing signs of shock. 
She couldn’t believe it. 
She knew who the young man beside Madam Heath was just by looking at him. 
Jeremy Lawrence. 
It was actually Jeremy Lawrence. 
How could he be here, and even appear with Madam Heath... 
Thinking of a certain possibility, Regina widened her eyes in disbelief once again. 
Rebecca Kelloway, who was beside her, was also shocked. 
She had naturally seen Jeremy Lawrence as well. 
"It’s Jeremy Lawrence, how could he be here?" Rebecca also thought of a possibility and widened her eyes in disbelief. 
Regina suspected that she had seen it wrong. 
She widened her eyes, rubbed them vigorously, and looked at the stage again. 
Jeremy Lawrence stood quietly beside Madam Heath, a young man with a slender figure, yet upright and well-proportioned. He wore a well-cut shirt and trousers, and his long legs were eye-catching. 
The men of the Heath family all had long legs and inherited great height genes. 
The young man’s facial features were also extremely fine. 
He had inherited the Heath family’s good genes, possessing an extraordinarily handsome face with delicate features, as if he had walked out of a painting. 
Some of the women in the hall couldn’t help but swoon over him. 
"I never thought the youngest master of the Heath family would grow up to be so handsome." 
"Could the Heath family’s genes be otherwise? If he wasn’t good-looking, that would be strange." 
"He looks very young, only in his teens." 
"The men of the Heath family are all top-notch. I wonder what the second young master looks like tonight, as I heard he’s also very handsome." 
As soon as Jeremy entered the hall, he saw Regina. 
There were many people in the hall, and Regina was not in an obvious position, but Jeremy Lawrence spotted her at a glance. 
She was a small, delicate figure, standing near the entrance. She dressed very differently from her usual attire tonight. 
She wore a little black dress with a V-shaped neckline that revealed her collarbone and shoulders. The waistline was very well-defined, making her waist seem so slender that it could break with a gentle touch. 
Tonight, she exuded a bit more feminine charm. 
Jeremy Lawrence couldn’t help but look at her a few more times. 
As he looked, his brows furrowed. 
It was because he noticed that Regina’s dress left most of her back exposed. Although there was a large ribbon bow shielding it, the part that was exposed still made Jeremy find it somewhat hard to accept. 
But when he thought of his relationship with Regina, he felt that it had nothing to do with him. 
Regina was not his woman. 
She could wear whatever kind of clothes she wanted. 
He had no right to interfere. 
Jeremy stared at Regina for a few seconds and then forced himself to look away. 
Regina, however, continued to stare at him in a daze.
###Chapter 1417: Chapter 1331: But that’s Brandon Heath!
It really was Jeremy Lawrence. 
The Jeremy Lawrence she knew. 
But why was Jeremy Lawrence coming out with Madam Heath? Wasn’t he from the Lawrence family? Why is he appearing so closely with Madam Heath now? 
"How could it be Jeremy Lawrence." Rebecca Kelloway couldn’t believe what she was seeing, "How could it be him. He’s from the Lawrence family, how could he..." 
"Could it be that the little young master that the Heath family recently acknowledged, is him? But, how is that possible..." 
He and Joanna Lawrence, one became the daughter of the White family and the other became the youngest master of the Heath family... 
Their family backgrounds were fairly ordinary. 
But now, everything has changed. 
The two sibs, originally from low backgrounds, surprisingly acquired new identities. Whether it’s the White family or the Heath family, both are prestigious families that ordinary people can’t touch. 
"Welcome everyone to my grandson, Jeremy Heath’s banquet tonight. I’m sure everyone has heard beforehand that we have finally acknowledged the bloodline of our lost Heath family member, he is my little grandson, Jeremy." 
On the stage, Madam Heath held Jeremy’s hand lovingly, "We invited all our close friends and family tonight and this banquet is meant to introduce Jeremy to everyone." 
"Jeremy has now become an official member of the Heath family, he’s still in school due to his young age. When he starts working later on, if there’s any area where our close friends could be of help, I hope you all could lend him a hand." 
After the Madam had finished her words, a waiter with a glass of wine was called over. 
Jeremy received a glass of wine from the waiter. 
Raising his cup, he calmly said to the crowd below, "Thank you everyone for attending tonight’s banquet. I toast to you all." 
The people in the crowd immediately raised their cups. 
After Jeremy drank and handed the empty glass back to the waiter, he glanced at the crowd below and said, "I hope everyone enjoys themselves tonight." 
After these words, Jeremy prepared to help Madam Heath off the stage. 
Then, a sudden commotion erupted inside the hall. 
An excited female voice rang out, "The distinguished young master of the Heath family has returned." 
At once, everyone in the hall turned towards the entrance. 
For most people in the hall, Brandon Heath was a figure of unique stature. 
They wouldn’t be able to see him just because they wanted to. 
If not for the Heath family’s own banquet, Brandon seldomly attended such dinners. 
For the women in the hall, his presence was even more special. 
He was the heartthrob of many women. 
Yet, he was also the unreachable flower on the top of the peak, a heartthrob to women all around. 
Many women secretly admired him, but when in his presence, they’d absolutely dare not confess to him. 
"Wow, it’s Brandon Heath." 
"Brandon Heath actually came to the banquet tonight. It seems like the young master they just acknowledged is quite valued." 
"Wait, is there a woman beside Brandon Heath, aren’t my eyes tricking me?" 
"No way, Brandon Heath actually brought a woman back? There has never been a woman by his side, who is she, his girlfriend?" 
"She must not be his girlfriend, just a lady companion. Isn’t it normal to bring a lady companion to the banquet?" 
"For others to bring a female companion might be normal, but that is Brandon Heath. When have you ever seen a woman by his side? Which well-bred lady of some prestigious family is that? She’s unfamiliar."
###Chapter 1418: Chapter 1332: This World is Too Crazy
"No, why does that woman look kind of familiar?" When Yannick Luther’s gaze fell on Aria Rowlett, he was stunned, a hint of doubt flashing in his eyes as he stared at Aria repeatedly. 
After staring for a few seconds, his face suddenly changed, and he couldn’t close his mouth in surprise. 
"Damn, isn’t that my sister-in-law’s best friend? I’m not mistaken, am I?" 
Yannick Luther had only met Aria Rowlett once. 
But his impression was very deep. 
He remembered her after just that one time. 
After all, among all the women he knew, Aria Rowlett was the most unusual one he had met. 
Yannick Luther had recognized her, but it still seemed unbelievable. 
How could such an unconventional woman be with Brandon Heath? 
"Sister-in-law, tell me, am I mistaken?" Yannick Luther kept staring at Aria, still finding it incredible. 
Joanna Lawrence: "Hm, she is my best friend." 
Yannick Luther: "!!!" 
So it really was that eccentric woman named Aria. 
"Sister-in-law, is your best friend... with Brandon Heath?!" Yannick Luther’s eyes were filled with disbelief, as if he had just seen the sun rise from the west. 
Brandon Heath, Aria Rowlett? 
These two people seem to be an unlikely match. 
Aria Rowlett is still a student at school, still an immature young woman, while Brandon Heath is a full decade older than her. 
In front of Brandon, she is still just a child. 
Moreover, from Yannick Luther’s perspective, Mr. Brandon Heath is mature and steady, it would be unlikely for him to be attracted to a juvenile girl. 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and nodded her head. 
The relationship between Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath has not been made public yet, and given the nature of Brandon Heath’s current job, it is estimated that this matter will not be made public for the time being. 
However, Yannick Luther and Denver Lancaster are all friends who have a good relationship with Ashton Heath. 
So, telling them about this should not be a problem. 
Moreover, since Brandon Heath chose to bring Aria Rowlett to an occasion like tonight, even if it’s not made public, it’s considered an announcement to the inner circle. 
Upon seeing that Brandon Heath brought Aria Rowlett along, Joanna Lawrence now thinks she can be completely at ease. 
Brandon Heath’s willingness to bring Aria to such an occasion shows that he really values Aria Rowlett. 
Even if Lady Octavia is dissatisfied with Aria Rowlett, he should still stand by Aria’s side, right? 
"Damn, it’s really true." Yannick Luther widened his eyes, finding it simply unbelievable, he looked at Ashton Heath incredulously, "Ashton, is your brother really dating that girl named Aria? How did they meet, how did they get together? Your brother likes this type of girl?" 
"He’s serious about this girl named Aria?" 
Yannick Luther was so surprised that he asked one question after another. 
Ashton Heath looked at him expressionlessly: "You’ve already seen it. Also, she’s Brandon’s woman, show a little more respect when you address her. It’s one thing for me to hear you disrespect her, but how do you think Brandon would react if he found out?" 
Yannick Luther: "..."
Dammit. 
The world is too crazy. 
It’s one thing for Ashton Heath to have a young woman as his sister-in-law. 
Now Brandon Heath has also found a young girl, a decade younger at that! 
What are these two brothers thinking? 
At this moment, Yannick Luther couldn’t help but sigh in his heart, Brandon Heath and Ashton Heath were indeed biological brothers, even the type of women they liked were similar.
###Chapter 1419: Chapter 1333: I will naturally protect her and not let anyone bully her.
However, no matter how he looked at it, he felt that little Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath were not a good match at all. 
Yannick Luther was already so surprised, let alone everyone else in the hall. 
Of course, they didn’t know Aria Rowlett. 
But everyone knew Brandon Heath. 
Wherever Brandon Heath went before, he was always alone and never accompanied by a woman. 
This was his first time appearing in a public occasion with a woman by his side. 
And to bring a woman home meant something significant. 
Quite a few people began to speculate about Aria Rowlett’s identity. 
Some well-bred ladies who secretly had a crush on Brandon Heath saw him with a woman by his side and felt heartbroken. They scrutinized Aria Rowlett over and over again, wishing they could poke holes into her with their eyes. 
Which family’s well-bred daughter had the honor to attend the Heath family banquet with Brandon Heath? 
If anyone else brought a female companion, it wouldn’t have been surprising. 
But a woman appearing beside Brandon Heath was definitely significant. 
This woman was not just a female companion. 
Brandon Heath led Aria Rowlett to Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath. 
Aria spotted Madam Heath standing on the stage, and even though the old lady looked kind and gentle, Aria was so nervous that sweat was dripping down her back. 
Upon seeing Joanna, she let go of Brandon Heath’s hand and grabbed Joanna Lawrence’s arm instead, saying, "Baby, there are so many people here, I’m so scared. Is the old lady on stage with Jeremy Madam Heath?" 
"Yes, that’s Grandma." Joanna remembered how nervous she had been when she first went to Heath Villa with Ashton. She understood Aria’s feelings now. 
She held Aria’s hand and said, "Don’t be afraid, Grandma is very nice. She’ll definitely like you." 
"Really?" Aria bit her lip corner, breathed deeply, and said, "But I’m still very nervous, Baby. Can you stay with me all the time? I feel less scared with you around." 
Behind her, Brandon Heath: "..." 
He felt like he was being ignored by Aria. 
He was her boyfriend and her companion for the night. 
Didn’t she feel safe with him by her side? 
"Ms. Aria, is it not enough for my elder brother to be with you?" Ashton rarely saw his brother, Brandon, upset, so he looked at him and said with a smirk, "What are you afraid of? He’ll protect you. Do you think he’d let anyone bully you?" 
Aria bit her lip. 
Of course, she knew that Brandon Heath would protect her and not let anyone bully her. 
But she was still scared. 
Only when she was with her best friend did she feel a little more relaxed. 
Before coming here, she had told herself not to care too much about how the Heaths would see her or their attitude towards her. 
After all, Brandon had said that it wouldn’t matter if his family accepted her or not; it wouldn’t affect their relationship. 
But even though she had mentally prepared herself, at this moment, she couldn’t help but feel nervous and scared. 
She realized that she did care about the attitude of the Heaths towards her. 
"Of course, I’ll protect her and not let anyone bully her." Brandon Heath quietly reached out and held Aria Rowlett’s hand tightly.
###Chapter 1420: Chapter 1334: A Face with an Expression Like Seeing a Ghost
Lowering his gaze, his eyes softened as he looked at her and said, "Don’t be afraid, I’m here for you. If you feel uncomfortable at the banquet, we’ll leave after I introduce you to my family." 
As soon as Brandon Heath spoke, the surrounding people were a bit shocked. 
Their faces were all filled with disbelief. 
At this moment, their expressions could be translated into the same sentence: Holy shit, is this the Brandon Heath they knew? He could actually speak to someone with such a gentle tone, and his eyes could be so tender when he looked at someone. 
It turned out that Brandon Heath could also coax women and say nice things to them. 
Considering that Brandon Heath had been a strict and disciplined person since he was a child, Yannick Luther and others saw him as nothing more than a dull and rigid person who couldn’t possibly get along well with girls. 
They even thought that he couldn’t possibly fall in love with a woman.
Even Ashton Heath was a bit surprised by Brandon Heath’s tenderness towards Aria Rowlett. 
It was so tender that he was hardly recognizable as the older brother he had known since they were children. 
Ashton Heath glanced deeply at Aria Rowlett, and felt that she would definitely become his sister-in-law in the future. 
He knew Brandon Heath well. 
So he could tell that his older brother genuinely liked Aria Rowlett. 
Under the watchful gaze of the people around her, Aria Rowlett looked up and met Brandon Heath’s deep and gentle eyes, and her fair face flushed a little. 
"Let’s go, I’ll take you to meet Grandma and Mom." 
Brandon Heath could feel the girl’s nervousness beside him, and his fingers tightened as he whispered in an even softer voice, "Mom and Grandma have been wanting to meet you, don’t worry, they’ll all like you." 
Aria Rowlett nodded slowly under his encouraging gaze. 
Brandon Heath took her hand and walked over to Madam Heath and Lady Octavia under the watchful gaze of everyone. 
Ashton Heath also took Joanna Lawrence’s hand and said, "Let’s go too." 
The two brothers, each with their own women, approached Madam Heath and Lady Octavia one after the other. 
The appearance of Brandon Heath with Aria Rowlett was already quite surprising to everyone. 
When the guests in the hall saw Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence also walking over, they began to discuss again. 
"Who is that couple? Why did they go over with Young Master Brandon Heath?" 
"I heard that both Mr. Brandon Heath and Mr. Ashton Heath are attending the banquet tonight. Since Brandon Heath is already here, that must be Ashton Heath." 
"Is that Mr. Ashton Heath? The young CEO who just took over the Heath Group? God, the Heath family’s genes are too good, both Brandon and Ashton are extremely handsome. They have such great family backgrounds, and they’re so handsome; God really does favor the Heaths." 
"What’s the use of being so good? They’re both taken. Wasn’t it said that the two young masters of the Heath family had no interest in women? How come they both brought dates tonight? Were the rumors false?" 
"It’s unclear whether Mr. Ashton has no interest in women, but it’s true that Brandon does not. Have you ever seen a woman by his side before?" 
On the other side. 
Yannick Luther was still surprised by the fact that Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett were together. 
"What do you think, how did our sister-in-law and her best friend manage to win over Ashton and Brandon? I’ve always thought that Ashton and Brandon were likely to be single for the rest of their lives, but they have both settled their lifelong matters in the same year."
###Chapter 1421: Chapter 1335: It Was He Who Missed Out
How come those two Gold Rank bachelors so many well-bred ladies in Closia couldn’t catch are getting hitched together? They’re even being brought back to meet their parents; I guess the good news is coming soon." 
"I never thought that among our group of friends, they would be the first to settle down."
Denver Lancaster chuckled, "Finding the one destined for you doesn’t just happen at the snap of a finger. Maybe one day, for Yannick too, he’ll get married without saying a word, and we’ll be none the wiser." 
"I won’t do something like that. Pfft, believe in destiny? Are you kidding me?" Yannick Luther looked skeptical and expressed disbelief. However, as soon as he finished speaking, a figure he had been deliberately trying to forget these days surfaced in his mind. 
His expression changed instantly, and he felt as if his mood had deflated. 
Frank Parker pressed his lips together, staying silent. 
Is it that destined person? 
He knew that his destined partner had already appeared, but she had shown up too late. 
Too late for him to have the chance to be with her. 
No, actually, her arrival wasn’t considered late. 
She had appeared ten years ago. 
God had arranged for her to be by his side long ago, giving him ample opportunity. 
It was he himself who had missed it. 
And some opportunities, once missed, won’t come again. 
Yannick turned his head to talk to Frank Parker and saw that his gaze had been following Joanna Lawrence all along. Apart from Joanna, he hadn’t blinked at anyone else. 
And the way he looked at her... 
As a man himself, it took only one glance for Yannick to realize something was off with Frank. 
That kind of gaze wasn’t normal. 
That shouldn’t be the look someone has for their brother’s wife. 
Yannick suddenly recalled Frank’s abnormal behavior during this period and the rumors of his past with Joanna. The more he thought about it, the more his complexion changed. 
If his guess was true, then this would be terrible. 
They were a close-knit group of friends since childhood. 
He didn’t want anything to happen that would lead to discord among brothers. 
In the end, not even being able to call each other "brother" anymore. 
He stared at Frank for a while, furrowed his brow and nudged him with his elbow. Lowering his voice, he said, "Frank, come with me. I have something to tell you." 
After saying that, Yannick turned around and left first. 
Frank watched his retreating figure, hesitated for a few seconds, then followed suit. 
Denver Lancaster watched them leave one by one, hooked his lips thoughtfully for a moment, and then turned to chat with Gary White. 
Standing beside them, Rebecca Kelloway and Lady Patrice both had ugly expressions on their faces. 
With a dark face, she asked Rebecca, "Rebecca, who are those two women?" 
Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath were the first choices Lady Patrice had in mind for her daughter. She had originally thought that with the relationship between the Heath family and the Kelloway family, her daughter would definitely be able to marry into the Heaths’. 
Whether she married Ashton or Brandon, she would be a distinguished young wife in the Heath family. 
However, both of her prospective sons-in-law showed no interest in her daughter. 
Naturally, Lady Patrice thought that her daughter was outstanding and perfect, and since neither of the Heath’s sons were interested, it was certainly not her daughter’s problem. 
Furthermore, neither Ashton nor Brandon had any women by their side for so many years, which led Lady Patrice to believe that maybe the two sons of the Heath family weren’t interested in women at all.
###Chapter 1422: Chapter 1336: Are You Provoking the White Family?
So later on, she discarded the idea of arranging Rebecca Kelloway’s marriage to the Heath family. 
However, when Lady Patrice saw that both Heath brothers had brought their dates to the banquet that night, she felt extremely displeased. 
If both Heath brothers were normal and interested in women, that would mean they really weren’t interested in her daughter. 
Rebecca’s face was even more sullen than Lady Patrice’s, and she gritted her teeth so hard that she almost shattered them, saying angrily, "Two shameless sirens. The Heaths have the worst taste in women, they actually like this kind of siren." 
Her voice was quite loud. 
As Gary White was conversing with Denver Lancaster, he heard her and turned his head, glaring at her, "I advise Ms. Kelloway to be more careful with her words. Is it the Kelloways’ education to teach you to slander others behind their backs like this? The Heath family and the Kelloway family have been old friends, do you think it’s appropriate for you to say such things?" 
Gary White didn’t look like a person with a good temper in the first place, and when he kept a straight face, people didn’t even dare to breathe heavily in front of him. 
He didn’t give Rebecca any face at all. 
As soon as he finished speaking, Rebecca’s face changed instantly. 
She hadn’t noticed that Gary White was nearby just now. 
Nor did she think that her words would be overheard by others. 
Seeing Gary White defending Joanna Lawrence like this, Rebecca felt both furious and jealous, but she didn’t dare to retort. 
The current Kelloway family could no longer afford to let her act on her whims as in the past. 
In the past, others had to watch her face before speaking. 
But now, she had to watch others’ faces before speaking. 
Let alone the White family, even those lesser, smaller households were no longer people the Kelloways could afford to offend at will. 
Rebecca hated her current predicament to the core. 
All that she was going through was a humiliation to her. 
Seeing her daughter’s aggrieved appearance, Lady Patrice couldn’t help but feel pity and said, "Gary, you’ve said it yourself that the Kelloway family and the Heath family are old friends. Rebecca just dislikes those two women and feels sorry for Mr. Brandon and Mr. Ashton, where did she go wrong? Moreover, those two women shouldn’t have anything to do with you, is it necessary for you to speak up for them?" 
"In my opinion, Rebecca is right, those two women don’t look like good women at all. The Heaths’ tastes in women are indeed poor. They don’t appreciate the good ones and only have their eyes on this trash. What kind of vision is that?" 
In Lady Patrice’s words, there was a hint of resentment for Rebecca. 
Her daughter was excellent in every aspect, far superior to those two women by countless times. Both Heath brothers must be blind to not see her daughter’s worth. 
When Lady Patrice said these words, she didn’t know about the relationship between Joanna Lawrence and the White family. 
So, when she saw Gary White’s face getting colder and his gaze sharp like a knife, she was taken aback and looked at him with a hint of confusion, not knowing where she had gone wrong. 
"Lady Patrice," Gary White spoke again, his voice reaching the utmost coldness, void of any warmth, "You speak ill of my sister in front of me. Are you provoking the White family?" 
"My sister is the best woman in this world, and she’s worthy of any man. The White family doesn’t lose out to the Heath family in any way. My sister and brother-in-law are a match made in heaven, both handsome and beautiful, matching in social and economic status. They couldn’t be more compatible, and it’s none of your business to pity them." 
Lady Patrice was stunned for a few seconds, and then her face changed. 
"What, your, your sister? I thought your family was still looking for..." 
"I really thought that the Kelloway family had taught their daughters well, that they were well-behaved and sensible. I didn’t expect the Kelloways’ education to be so terrible!" Madam White, who arrived late, had just rushed over and heard someone badmouthing her daughter.
###Chapter 1423: Chapter 1337: Just Take Good Care Of Your Daughter
Upon recognizing that the speaker was Rebecca Kelloway, and thinking of how she had previously manipulated Annie Lawrence into impersonating her, she became even more livid, her face darkening even further. 
The appearance of Madam White instantly changed the expression on both Rebecca Kelloway and Lady Patrice’s faces. 
Rebecca’s features stiffened, and she attempted to address her, "Ma-madam White..." 
"Don’t address me like that." Madam White’s eyes were filled with rage as she coldly replied, "Every single one of the White family’s daughters, be it in terms of family background or in appearance and character, are good enough for anyone. Even if she isn’t up to standard in some aspects, she’s at least far more kind-hearted than you." 
"The Kelloway family is a noble family too. Hasn’t Lady Patrice ever taught you how to behave properly? As a well-bred lady, gossiping about others behind their backs in such unpleasant language, this is quite an eye-opener for me about the Kelloway’s upbringing. What you say about others behind closed doors is none of my business and I don’t wish to interfere. But I will not stand by as my precious daughter is slandered this way." 
Lady Patrice’s face went through a series of changes as she listened, her eyes reflecting confusion and bewilderment. "Madam White, is there some misunderstanding here? Your daughter? Isn’t your daughter... still missing? Who are you referring to?" 
Lady Patrice was still unaware that Madam White had found her daughter. 
As a result, she was also clueless that she had inadvertently offended the White family. 
Madam White replied coldly, "There is no misunderstanding, my little Cecilia has been found. Lady Patrice, I don’t care if your daughter still has feelings for my son-in-law, but if she interferes with my daughter’s happiness, don’t blame the White family for showing no mercy." 
"I spent over a decade looking for Cecilia. She’s our family’s treasure. If anyone dares to harm a hair on my precious baby’s head, don’t blame me for showing no mercy!" 
"If you can’t discipline your daughter, let someone else do it." 
Lady Patrice, who has been treated with respect as a distinguished noble woman for decades, was always regarded favorably by everyone. 
No one aside from her husband had ever shown her such contempt. 
After being scolded by Madam White in such a disrespectful way, she felt extremely humiliated. Her face showed just how upset she was. 
At first, she didn’t know who Madam White’s daughter was. 
But once she gradually caught on, she turned, surprised, to look at Joanna Lawrence who had already approached Madam Heath. 
"Madam White, is your daughter..." 
"Do not call me sister, I surely have no sister like you." Madam White harshly cut her off, "Now that you know, keep your daughter under control and stop letting her chase after another woman’s husband. I heard that the Kelloway family is anxious to marry off their daughter. If Lady Patrice wants your daughter to get married soon, it’d be better to reeducate her. Otherwise, with her current character and manners, I’m afraid that no one would want her." 
Such words were somewhat harsh. 
Madam White is typically not so sharp-tongued, she doesn’t usually enjoy slandering others. 
But this time, she had reached the end of her fuse, having been seriously angered. 
Her wonderful daughter had actually had been called a siren. 
How could she possibly tolerate that? 
Both Lady Patrice and Rebecca went pale after being scolded, especially Rebecca. Thinking about the numerous humiliations she had suffered in the past few days, her anger, her sadness, and her intense hatred all surged up. 
However, neither she nor Lady Patrice dared to retort.
###Chapter 1424: Chapter 1338: The Wrong Person Is Not You
Nowadays, the Kelloway family has lost any ground to talk back. 
Even if it’s humiliating, they could only accept it. 
Rebecca Kelloway clenched her fists, and her lips were bitten, with a deep bloodstain, at this moment, she hates Joanna Lawrence to the bone. 
She couldn’t bear such humiliation any longer, her eyes filled with tears, and she turned away and left. 
"Rebecca, where are you going? Wait for me ..." When Lady Patrice saw her leave, she immediately turned around and followed her, murmuring, "The matter I told you just now, Mrs. Parkins’ son ..." 
Mother and daughter went into the crowd, and gradually, their voices could no longer be heard. 
Regina Kelloway was still standing there, her eyes red, biting her lips, after a while, she turned and said to Gary White and Madam White: "Madam White, Mr. White, I’m really sorry. On behalf of my mother and my sister, I apologize to you." 
"I know what they did was too much, and a simple apology cannot gain your forgiveness. But I am truly sorry!" Regina Kelloway said while bowing deeply in apology. 
"At least the Kelloway family still has one truly sensible child." 
Madam White looked at Regina Kelloway and sighed, she walked over, took Regina’s hand, and said gently, "Regina, you don’t need to apologize for your mother and sister’s mistakes, you are not the one who did wrong." 
Regina looked up, her eyes glistening with tears, "But I am part of the Kelloway family. Madam White, don’t worry, I will talk to my sister properly. I will definitely not let her influence Joanna’s relationship with Ashton." 
"Joanna and Ashton are truly a good match, and I hope they’ll always be happy together. My sister, she... she just can’t let go for a moment, but I’ll convince her." 
"Anyway, I want to apologize to you all once again." 
After Regina finished speaking, she bowed again and left. 
Watching her leave, Madam White sighed again, "Regina is still a good kid. How come the Kelloway daughters are so different?" 
* 
Brandon Heath led Aria Rowlett to Madam Heath and Lady Octavia. 
He noticed that Aria grew increasingly nervous, her palm sweaty, and the hand he held tightly gripped his. 
Brandon reassuringly squeezed her hand and introduced her to Madam Heath and Lady Octavia, "Grandma, Mom, this is Aria, whom I’ve mentioned to you before. Aria, this is my grandmother and my mother." 
Madam Heath had been looking forward to meeting her grandson’s girlfriend early in the morning. 
Knowing that Aria Rowlett would come tonight, she had even prepared a gift for their first meeting. 
So when she saw Aria, she carefully looked her up and down, then a smile appeared in her eyes. 
The girl her grandson chose as his future wife is so pretty. 
Just as beautiful as her second granddaughter-in-law, it was easy to see how the children they’d have would be particularly good looking. 
Madam Heath had heard some specific details about Aria’s background from Brandon, and she knew the Rowlett family wasn’t a prestigious family, just a very ordinary one. 
Even inferior to the Lawrence family. 
But Madam Heath felt that with the Heath family’s current status, it didn’t matter if her two grandsons didn’t marry well-bred ladies of matching social and economic status. 
What mattered more to her were their characters. 
At first, Madam Heath naturally hoped that her two grandsons could find partners with the same social and economic status.
###Chapter 1425: Chapter 1339: It’s Impossible to Let This Woman Enter the Heath Family’s Door
However, as Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath grew older without any women by their side, Madam Heath became increasingly anxious. 
Her requirements for a partner also became lower and lower. 
Especially for Brandon Heath, her requirements had been repeatedly reduced. In the end, not only was she unconcerned about the family background, but she didn’t even have high expectations for their looks. 
She felt satisfied as long as there was a woman who could solve the issue of her eldest grandson’s marriage. 
So when she first saw Aria Rowlett, a young lady with such exceptional looks, Madam Heath felt it was an unexpected delight. 
At first, her expectations were not high, but seeing Aria, her heart was filled with immense satisfaction. 
Just like when she first met Joanna Lawrence, the more she saw Aria, the more she liked her. Uncontainably, Madam Heath stepped forward, took Aria’s hand, and said softly, "Our Brandon indeed has an excellent taste in women, finding such a beautiful and attractive girlfriend. Grandma approves." 
"Aria, when you’re here, treat it like your own home and don’t be restrained. There are so many guests at home today, and Grandma needs to attend to them, so I might not be able to look after you. Don’t give it too much thought. After I finish attending to the guests, I’ll come and have a good chat with you." 
"By the way, since it’s your first time visiting our home, Grandma has prepared a small token for you. Here, please accept it." Madam Heath said while taking a bracelet off her wrist and pushing it into Aria’s hand. 
Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett were not married yet, so the gift she gave Aria was different from the one she gave Joanna at first. 
According to the Heath family’s rules, some items can only be given after the marriage. 
But the bracelet Madam Heath gave Aria was still a very good item. 
It was one of the pieces she often wore. 
Even Aria, who didn’t know much about jade and other precious materials, could tell that the bracelet Madam Heath had given her was very valuable. 
Of course, she dared not accept it. 
Just as she was about to push it back, she heard Brandon beside her say, "This is Grandma’s heartfelt gift; please accept it. Joanna received a gift too when she first visited our home." 
"Yes, Aria, just accept it," Joanna nodded. "Grandma also gave me a gift the first time I came." 
Listening to their words, Aria hesitated for a few seconds and then gently nodded. 
She carefully put away the jade bracelet, saying, "Thank you, Grandma, for giving me such a valuable gift." 
As Joanna had said, dealing with Madam Heath was quite simple. 
Madam Heath’s affirmation eased Aria’s anxiety and tension for the time being. 
However, Lady Octavia on the side didn’t seem too pleased. 
Looking at the two sirens her son had brought home, her heart was filled with anger, and there was no smile on her face whatsoever. 
Had it not been for tonight’s occasion, she wouldn’t have even shown up. 
Giving a gift at the first meeting would mean acknowledging her son’s girlfriend. 
That’s why Lady Octavia had nothing prepared and had no plans to give Aria any gifts. 
Under no circumstances would she allow this woman to enter the Heath family. 
So when Brandon turned his head and introduced Aria to her again, Lady Octavia’s face showed no expression, and she just coldly called out, "Ms. Aria." 
This indifferent and cold tone of "Ms. Aria" made it clear to anyone that she was not satisfied with Aria Rowlett. 
Aria herself could feel it even more.
###Chapter 1426: Chapter 1340: What daughter-in-law, don’t talk nonsense
Thanks to Joanna’s heads-up, she didn’t feel too upset about it. 
She already knew that her family background was not matching with Brandon Heath’s, and that his family would definitely disdain her. 
Not everyone in the Heath family would accept her. 
Having Madam Heath liking her was enough to satisfy her. 
However, regardless of Lady Octavia’s attitude towards her, Aria Rowlett still politely greeted her: "Hello, Madam White." 
Lady Octavia glanced at her indifferently and coldly said: "As a guest, enjoy yourself, Ms. Aria." 
After saying that, she ignored Aria and turned to Madam Heath: "Mom, I will go attend to the guests." 
Madam Heath frowned but refrained from saying anything to Lady Octavia in front of so many people. 
She could only nod and say: "Alright, you go ahead." 
Lady Octavia then turned around to find her usual group of best friends. 
When they saw her, they pulled her over and began to ask: "Who are those two girls? Are they your daughter-in-laws? Your two sons are quite something, taking care of their lifelong matters without making a sound." 
"But those two daughter-in-laws look unfamiliar; which noble family’s well-bred ladies are they from?" 
"Are they really married? Why wasn’t there any wedding ceremony?" 
Lady Octavia didn’t know if her best friends were genuinely curious or just mocking her. 
Either way, it sounded like mockery to her. 
She said with a dark face: "Don’t talk nonsense about daughter-in-laws. Isn’t it normal to bring a female companion to a banquet?" 
"Female companions?" One of her best friends glanced over at Madam Heath and raised a doubt: "But I just saw Madam Heath giving her a very expensive bracelet. That bracelet is worth at least several million dollars, would she casually give it to a female companion?" 
"Yeah, your sons have never brought a woman to a party before. They don’t seem like ordinary female companions." 
"The two girls look quite young and pretty. Just don’t know about their background." 
"The two young masters of the Heath family are so outstanding that they certainly wouldn’t be interested in someone not equally outstanding. But these two girls do look unfamiliar. Octavia, do you know which family’s well-bred ladies they are?" 
Lady Octavia’s face grew darker and darker as she listened. 
Of course, she couldn’t reveal the true identity of Joanna and Aria to these sisters. 
If she did, it would be a laughingstock. 
What would she say? 
Telling them that her two sons found actresses? 
That would make people laugh their heads off. 
"I’ve said it, they are just companions my sons brought back. Don’t ask me about anything else, I don’t know either. Ashton and Brandon’s marriage partners must be well-bred ladies matching in social and economic status with the Heath family; not any random women." 
"Is that so?" Her best friends were obviously not convinced. 
They had all seen Madam Heath give the bracelet to Aria earlier. 
If it were just a normal female companion, Madam Heath would never give a gift. 
However, seeing that Lady Octavia was visibly in a bad mood, they wisely stopped asking more questions. 
* 
At tonight’s banquet, many brought their daughters along. 
At first, they thought that the Heath brothers were still single and felt that their daughters might still have a chance. 
If they were lucky enough to be chosen by one of the Heath brothers, they’d marry into the Heath family, and then they’d become family with the Heaths.
###Chapter 1427: Chapter 1341: What is your relationship with Mr. Jeremy Heath?
With the Heath family as their reliance, they wouldn’t have to worry about anything in the future. 
However, upon seeing that both Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath had brought their dates, they all gave up such ideas. 
For a while, Jeremy Heath, who had just been recognized by the Heath family and was still single, suddenly became a hot commodity. 
Even though he was still young and did not need to consider marriage so soon, it didn’t deter the women who had set their sights on him. 
Quite a few women approached him with champagne glasses in their hands. 
From these women’s perspective, Jeremy Heath already looked extraordinary. As he grew older, he would inevitably become more irresistible. 
By that time, there will surely be more women attracted by him. 
They might as well strike first, and try to win his heart now. 
After all, he is the only son of Sir Damien Heath. 
If married to him, although they won’t be at the same status as Mr. Brandon Heath or Mr. Ashton Heath, they would be far better off than marrying into an average wealthy family. 
After all, it is the Heath family. 
Not long after, three or four women had gathered around Jeremy Heath.
Jeremy Heath, being young and inexperienced, seemed a bit flustered in front of these women. 
Despite trying to appear composed, he still felt shy in front of these older women. 
"Mr. Jeremy Heath, let me give you a toast." A woman raised her glass, smiling beautifully and seductively, gesturing to clink glasses with Jeremy. 
Seeing this, another woman also raised her glass and said with her sweet and pleasant voice: "Mr. Jeremy Heath, let me also give you a toast. I’m pleased to meet you, could we be friends?" 
Jeremy was not supposed to drink alcohol. 
But these women did not know that. 
Seeing Jeremy standing without responding, one woman raised her glass again, "Does Mr. Jeremy Heath disdain us so much that he would not even drink a toast with us?" 
"That’s right, Mr. Jeremy Heath, could you not even share a toast with us?" 
"No, I..." 
Jeremy frowned, about to explain when suddenly a familiar voice sounded from behind him, "I’m sorry, but Jeremy is feeling unwell and cannot drink right now. Please stop offering him drinks." 
Jeremy paused, a familiar fragrance wafted from behind him. 
A few seconds later, an extra person appeared next to him. 
He turned his head in surprise, only to see Regina Kelloway lifting her head to look at him. For a moment, when their eyes met, Jeremy’s eyes flashed and he seemed hesitant to hold her gaze any longer. 
Regina looked at him for a few seconds, then diverted her eyes and took a glass of wine from a waiter’s hand. 
"This drink, let me toast you ladies on his behalf." 
Hearing this, Jeremy lowered his head and looked at Regina in surprise. 
The women were also taken aback. One of them frowned and said discontentedly: "Regina Kelloway, what’s your relationship with Mr. Jeremy Heath? Why do you have the right to drink on his behalf?" 
"Exactly, we’re not interested in drinking with you." 
"Mr. Jeremy Heath hasn’t even said anything. How do you know he can’t drink?" 
"Are you trying to win his affection with this behavior?" 
These women were all acquaintances of Regina. 
If this were in the past, they would never dare to speak to Regina this way. 
But now, the Kelloway family might be on the verge of bankruptcy at any time, and the daughters of the Kelloway family were no longer people they needed to fear. 
These women had been dissatisfied with Rebecca Kelloway for hogging the limelight all along. 
But no matter how dissatisfied they were, they dared not do anything about it. 
Now that the Kelloway family was in decline, they no longer needed to maintain any respect and directed all their resentment towards Regina Kelloway.
###Chapter 1428: Chapter 1342: I’m not interested in you old women
Regina Kelloway clenched her wine glass. 
For a moment, she didn’t know how to respond. 
Yeah, what was her relationship with Jeremy Lawrence? 
At most, they were just classmates. 
And not even good ones at that. 
What right did she have to stand here and say these words? 
He probably didn’t want to see her either, right? 
From the moment she stepped forward, he hadn’t said a word.
Did he think her behavior was overly affectionate or was he annoyed that she had interrupted his fun? 
But, his current condition, he shouldn’t be drinking alcohol. 
Even if he thought she was meddling and ended up disliking her more, she couldn’t just stand by and let him neglect his own health. 
With that thought in mind, Regina took a deep breath, suppressed her feelings of grievance and sadness, and straightened her back, saying, "I am Jeremy’s classmate and a good friend of his. His health is not well, and he cannot drink with you, so I’ll drink this one for him." 
"Don’t ask him to drink anymore." 
After speaking, Regina raised her glass, intending to finish the drink. 
However, she heard the woman who had just spoken sneer coldly, her tone extremely disdainful, "Just because you say you’ll drink for Mr. Jeremy, you think you can? Has Mr. Jeremy even acknowledged you? You call yourself a good friend, what a joke." 
"You really know how to flatter yourself." 
"Regina, who do you think you are? Don’t you know the situation of the Kelloway family now? Seeing that your family is in trouble, you want to follow Rebecca’s example, desperately trying to latch onto someone wealthy to marry and get out, right?" 
"But does Mr. Jeremy even fancy you?" 
"Exactly, she’s really thick-skinned. Mr. Jeremy hasn’t even acknowledged her, yet she claims to be his good friend. She really has no shame." 
"It seems that the Kelloway family is truly done for, trying to rely on their two daughters to marry well and turn things around. But do you think everyone else is a fool? Who wants to clean up the mess for the Kelloways now?" 
"Haha, it’s hilarious. She still thinks herself a well-bred lady. She has no self-awareness." 
The several women exchanged cutting remarks, their words as sharp and vicious as possible. 
All of them seized the opportunity to target Regina. 
Now that everyone knew the Kelloway family had lost their power, these people were all very practical and wouldn’t flatter them as before. 
They had always been dissatisfied with the daughters of the Kelloway family, but back then, they wouldn’t dare voice their grievances. 
Now, why would they even care about the Kelloway family? 
Naturally, they weren’t afraid of offending them anymore. 
Even though Regina was mentally strong, she was still a teenage girl, and as the women’s sarcastic attacks continued, her emotional defenses began to crumble. 
Clenching her fists, a misty haze filled her eyes. Just as she was about to retort, she heard Jeremy, who had been silent behind her, speak up. 
His cold, even icy voice caught the attention of the women who had been attacking Regina, "The ones who lack self-awareness are you. Regina is my friend, and it’s not up to irrelevant outsiders like you to judge our relationship. I didn’t want to be too harsh, but since you are so lacking in self-awareness, I’ll be blunt." 
He looked at the women’s faces immediately stiffening, disgust in his eyes, "I’m not interested in you old women. Stop trying to flirt in front of me."
###Chapter 1429: Chapter 1343: She felt as if she was in a dream
Several women’s faces suddenly turned pale. 
They didn’t expect Jeremy Lawrence to slap them in the face like that. 
Initially, they thought Jeremy wasn’t interested in Regina Kelloway since he ignored her the whole time. That’s why they had tried to please him with their words. 
But, to their surprise, Regina and Jeremy were actually friends. 
And what’s more, Jeremy had spoken up for her. 
This showed that their relationship was indeed good. 
"Mr. Jeremy, we..." The women were both embarrassed and awkward. 
Jeremy Lawrence didn’t bother to look at them again. 
Under Regina’s astonished gaze, he grabbed her hand and looked deeply into her eyes, saying, "Come with me, I have something to tell you." 
Regina was stunned. 
At the moment Jeremy took her hand, she was dumbstruck, staring blankly at him. 
For a moment, she felt as if she were dreaming. 
No, even in her dreams, Jeremy had never been so gentle; she had never dreamed of him holding her hand. 
Even in her dreams, he appeared indifferent and was never really nice to her. 
So at this moment, she felt it was all too unreal. 
Even though she clearly felt the warmth of his palm and the tightening grip of his fingers, she still couldn’t believe it. 
Didn’t Jeremy Lawrence really hate her? 
Hadn’t he told her not to bother him anymore? 
So he should hate her, right? 
Why would a person like that help her and defend her in front of others? 
"Regina." Jeremy lowered his head and saw her staring blankly at him. 
Her eyes were still red, with teardrops clinging to her lashes. The tears had reached the corners of her eyes, but she was holding them back. 
Thinking of how she had just been ridiculed by those women, her heart must be full of grief. 
She was about to cry, wasn’t she? 
Jeremy had known Regina for so many years now and understood what kind of person she was. 
She was a delicate well-bred lady who had always enjoyed a privileged life, completely unaware of the troubles and hardships of the world. 
From childhood to adulthood, her life had always been smooth sailing. 
This time, it must have been her first encounter with setbacks and such humiliation. 
Before the Kelloway family fell from grace, no one would have dared to treat her like this. 
Seeing Regina like this, Jeremy felt a sudden pang of heartache. 
He would rather see Regina remain the proud and privileged lady she had always been than to see her like this. 
The Regina he knew should not be like this. 
"Will you come with me? I have something to tell you." Unable to resist, Jeremy softened his voice and spoke to her again. 
Slowly coming to her senses, Regina glanced at the hand Jeremy was holding and moved her fingers slightly, unaccustomed to the touch. 
The next moment, she felt Jeremy’s grip tightening around her hand. 
It was as if he was afraid she would pull away, holding her hand tightly. 
This time, without waiting for her to answer, Jeremy led her away from the banquet hall. 
* 
Leaving the bustling banquet hall, Jeremy took Regina to the backyard of Heath Villa. 
He didn’t stop walking until they reached a spot where there were few people around. 
Being alone with him, Regina’s heartbeat sped up, and she was so nervous that her palms started to sweat. 
Jeremy slowly let go of her hand. 
Under the moonlight, his delicate pale face seemed to take on an enchanting allure, so beautiful that it took one’s breath away. 
His eyes were extremely dark, his lips as red as roses blooming at midnight, yet his complexion was much paler than ordinary people. 
If vampires truly existed in this world, they would probably look just like him.
###Chapter 1430: Chapter 1344: What exactly are you thinking in your head?
It is said that vampires are an exceptionally good-looking group of people, possessing exquisite beauty far beyond that of ordinary humans. 
Regina Kelloway’s infatuation with Jeremy Lawrence began with his striking appearance. 
She felt that tonight, he seemed different than usual. 
Even more alluring... captivating. 
Just a few seconds of eye contact with him made Regina’s heart race, pounding like drums with a rapid and forceful beat. 
She bit her lip, took a deep breath, and after a few seconds, finally looked up at Jeremy Lawrence, "Jeremy, thank you for just now." 
Jeremy Lawrence pursed his lips: "It was nothing. You were trying to help me, and that’s why they... I should have done that. Regina, actually, you don’t have to do anything like that. I never intended to drink with them in the first place." 
"If you hadn’t come, I would have refused them too." 
In fact, Jeremy Lawrence was explaining this to Regina. 
He had no relationship with those women. 
He wasn’t interested in them either. 
But it sounded different in Regina’s ears. 
She thought Jeremy Lawrence was blaming her for meddling. 
Her eyes suddenly dimmed, and it felt like something had stabbed her in the heart, which started to ache. 
Was he indeed blaming her for meddling, after all? 
"I’m sorry." She fell silent for a moment. Holding back the heartache, she said in a slightly hoarse voice, "I was being meddlesome. From now on, I won’t do that anymore." 
Jeremy Lawrence hesitated, realizing that she had misunderstood him, his brow furrowed: "Regina, I didn’t mean to blame you. I was thanking you. Can’t you hear that?" 
Regina’s eyelashes trembled, "I was indeed being meddlesome. If there is a woman you’re interested in, I can go back and explain for you." 
There had always been many girls who liked Jeremy Lawrence. 
In school, he was the most popular one. 
Now that he’s the youngest master of the Heath family, there will only be more and more women who like him later on. 
Among those women would be many who are far more outstanding than her. 
Now, the Kelloway family is not exactly a match in social and economic status for the Heath family. 
As Jeremy Lawrence becomes the young master of the Heath family, he would have too many quality women to choose from. Eventually, he would undoubtedly choose a woman who is his equal to spend the rest of his life with. 
No matter who he chooses, she won’t be the one. 
Before, she was always worried about Jeremy Lawrence’s family background, worried that even if they liked each other, it would be difficult to be together. 
She was worried that she couldn’t convince her family to accept him. 
Ironically, the positions of the two have now been reversed. 
It’s good. She no longer has to worry about those issues anymore. 
Hearing her words, Jeremy Lawrence suddenly felt a surge of anger rising inside him. Seeing her nonchalant attitude only added fuel to the fire, "Those women are much older than me. I’m not in need of maternal love, nor am I interested in relationships with older women. If there was a woman there I really liked, would I have brought you here?" 
"Regina, what do you think is actually going on inside your head?" Jeremy Lawrence was truly angry. His tone wasn’t great, and he almost yelled with the last sentence. 
His sudden outburst and yelling at her left Regina stunned for several seconds. Her eyes welled up with tears, her eyelids reddening instantly. 
She’d held back her grievances earlier when those women had ridiculed her, refusing to cry in front of them. 
However, as soon as Jeremy Lawrence yelled at her, she couldn’t hold back her tears any longer. They streamed uncontrollably from the corners of her eyes.
###Chapter 1431: Chapter 1345: From Beginning to End, I’ve Never Hated You
She felt incredibly wronged. 
It was bad enough when others yelled at her and scolded her, but now even the person she liked was treating her this way. 
Could it be that she was really that annoying? 
"Yes, it’s my fault, my thinking was awful. I’m sorry, I know I was wrong, and I won’t meddle in your business anymore." As Regina Kelloway cried, she choked out her words in a grievance, "I know you don’t like me and that you hate me, yet I still kept pushing myself into your sight, annoying you. It’s because I lack self-awareness and have a thick face. But don’t worry, this is the last time. I won’t do any of these self-pitying things again." 
"You called me here to tell me not to meddle in your business anymore, right? I got it, I really won’t do it again. Thank you for at least not saying these words to me in public." 
After saying her piece, Regina wiped her tears. 
She looked up, her eyelashes trembled with tear droplets and stared at Jeremy Lawrence with red-rimmed eyes, "I’m sorry for bothering you again." 
Jeremy Lawrence furrowed his brows, staring at her for a while before speaking again, his voice now much calmer, "Are you done?" 
Regina was taken aback. 
Jeremy Lawrence continued, "If you’re done, can I say something now? Everything I say next is the truth, with no lies. So, Regina Kelloway, listen carefully." 
"I never blamed you for meddling in my business, and I never hated you. You’ve never annoyed me." 
"What I said just now wasn’t meant to blame you. I just wanted you to know that I’m not interested in those women, and I’m not what you think I am with them." 
After saying this, Jeremy Lawrence seemed stunned for a moment. 
He suddenly realized he was explaining himself to Regina. 
There was no need for him to explain all this in their current relationship. 
He didn’t need to tell her about his relationship with those other women either. 
But Regina was even more surprised, unable to believe it. 
He said he didn’t hate her? 
Had she heard wrong?
But he obviously hated her. 
If he didn’t hate her, why would he ask her to stay away from him? And, why would he ignore her whenever they met and not even greet her? 
If he didn’t hate her, why was he always kind to everyone else but cold to her? 
If he didn’t hate her... 
Thinking back to all the interactions they had, Regina found it difficult to believe that he didn’t really hate her. 
"Jeremy Lawrence, are you really not...hating me?" Regina asked with tears still in her eyes, looking incredulously at him. 
Jeremy Lawrence suddenly felt a bit annoyed. 
It was always like this, every time. 
Whenever he saw Regina cry, he couldn’t help but feel irritable. 
This agitation, however, wasn’t born from disgust. 
He couldn’t quite explain why, but whenever he saw her tears, he would feel very uncomfortable. 
Those tears seemed like thin needles, pricking his heart. 
As soon as her tears fell, his heart ached. 
"I never hated you." Jeremy Lawrence looked at her, his words clear and concise, "Regina Kelloway, from the beginning to the end, I’ve never hated you." 
"But, I’ve been pestering you for years." After a moment of silence, Regina bit her lip and said with self-deprecation, "You really don’t think I’m annoying? Jeremy Lawrence, you don’t have to worry about my feelings, I’m not as fragile as you think. You don’t need to lie to me."
###Chapter 1432: Chapter 1346: More thorough than ever before.
Jeremy Lawrence frowned, "What do I have to say for you to believe me?" 
Regina Kelloway was silent for a while before gently hooking the corner of her lips, "Actually, nothing is important now, isn’t it? Jeremy Lawrence, whether you like me or not, it doesn’t matter anymore. Even if you don’t hate me, you don’t like me." 
"What’s the point of explaining anything if that’s the case?" 
She would rather have him truly hate her. 
She would rather he treats her poorly. 
Only then would her heart be completely broken, and she would no longer harbor any illusions about him. 
Only then could she forget him more quickly and stop liking him. 
Unrequited love is really exhausting. 
With a relationship that would never get results, what meaning does it have besides feeling sad? 
She had already decided to give up on him. 
She was also slowly adjusting her mindset to stop investing feelings in him. 
So she didn’t want to hold any hopes for him. 
Jeremy Lawrence tightened his lips, furrowing his brow. 
"Jeremy Lawrence, congratulations on reuniting with your family. From now on, you will be the youngest master of the Heath family. I’m really happy for you, seeing your life getting better and better. You are the protagonist of tonight’s event, so you can’t be away for too long, right? You should go back." 
Jeremy Lawrence looked at her without speaking, his eyebrows furrowed even tighter. 
"Everything that needed to be said has been said, and there should be nothing else to discuss." Regina Kelloway hooked her lips again, her faint smile barely visible, "I can’t be away too long either, or my Dad and Mom will be worried. Well, I’ll... go back first." 
After Regina finished speaking, Jeremy Lawrence remained silent. 
She glanced up at him, seeing Jeremy Lawrence still frowning at her. 
His facial expression was not good, with a hint of anger in his eyes. 
He seemed to be angry. 
But Regina didn’t know why he was angry. 
She didn’t want to guess his thoughts anymore. 
She didn’t say anything more and turned to leave. 
Seeing her retreating figure, Jeremy Lawrence didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt a bit panicky. 
He had a premonition that once Regina left this time, she might never come back. 
This foresight made him feel terrified. 
Watching the young girl walk away, her petite figure about to disappear into the night, Jeremy Lawrence felt a tightness in his chest. His mind hadn’t thought it through yet, but his body started moving on its own. 
He took a step forward and shouted, "Regina!" 
The girl who had already walked quite far stopped for a moment. 
Jeremy Lawrence’s lips moved, as if wanting to say something, but he didn’t know what to say. 
He just knew that he couldn’t let Regina walk away like this. 
Regina waited for a few seconds but didn’t hear him speak again. She didn’t continue waiting and resumed walking forward. 
Jeremy Lawrence didn’t call out to her again either. 
He had a premonition that their relationship could be severed completely this time. 
More completely than ever before. 
He began to faintly realize what those strange feelings he had for Regina actually were. 
But what could he do about it even if he realized it? 
Right now, he was not in a position to be involved with any girl emotionally. 
He didn’t want to cause trouble for others either. 
Maybe one day, he would regret what he was doing now. 
But at this moment, he could only choose this, and this choice was the best for both of them. 
Before various issues were completely resolved, love was a luxury to him. 
He didn’t want to touch it, nor did he dare to. 
* 
Halfway through the banquet, Brandon Heath left early with Aria Rowlett.
###Chapter 1433: Chapter 1347: How deep can such a fondness be?
After getting into the car. 
Aria Rowlett turned her head to look outside the window, not speaking. 
A cool and pleasant scent approached, the man’s deep and magnetic voice sounded beside her ear, "Are you unhappy?" 
Aria was taken aback and slowly turned her head. 
Brandon Heath’s deep black eyes stared intently at her, probing, "Is it because of my mom?" 
Aria was taken aback once again. 
Actually, her mood was not that bad; after all, she had been mentally prepared before coming here and had thought about all the possible outcomes one by one. 
It was just that her mood was also not very good. 
Lady Octavia had written her dislike and disdain for Aria all over her face, and after greeting her once, she never spoke to Aria again. 
Lady Octavia was Brandon Heath’s mother. 
In Aria’s heart, she still hoped to gain Lady Octavia’s approval. 
Seeing her not speaking, Brandon Heath knew that he had guessed correctly. 
He looked down and fell silent for a moment before speaking softly, "Aria, I hope that my family can all like you. But my mom... she cares a lot about family status, and when Ashton brought Joanna home, she was also not satisfied with her." 
"She has always wanted Ashton and me to find a wife with matching social and economic status, but the girls she is satisfied with, neither Ashton nor I like." 
"I can’t change her views, and I can’t force her to like you either. But what I want to say is, regardless of whether my family is satisfied with you or not, as long as you are the one I have chosen, their liking or not liking you will not affect my feelings for you." 
"My heart will not waver in the slightest." 
"Unless, you waver first." 
Aria stared at him blankly, her heart pounding uncontrollably because of his words. 
"As for my mom, I will have a good talk with her," Brandon Heath seemed unaware of how great an impact his words had on Aria, and how his words stirred her heart. 
He said seriously to her, "If she can accept you, that would naturally be the best, but if she can’t, then just ignore her. If meeting her makes your mood bad, in the future, if it isn’t necessary, you don’t need to see her." 
Aria’s eyes showed surprise and astonishment. 
"Brandon Heath, you don’t mind that your mother doesn’t like me?" 
"Why should I mind?" 
"She is your mother. Don’t you care about her opinion at all? If she never accepts me and wants you to find a girl with matching family status for the Heath family, what... will you do?" 
Aria liked Brandon Heath. 
But she hadn’t reached the point where she couldn’t live without him or would be in unbearable pain if she left him. 
She was a face-chaser. 
Liking Brandon Heath was merely love at first sight due to lust. 
So, how deep could such a fondness be? 
That’s why she thought it would be better to clarify some things now. 
If Brandon Heath cared a lot about Lady Octavia’s opinion and was the kind of man who listened to his mother more, then she could just break up with him as early as possible. 
Better a short pain than a long one. 
If she breaks up with him now, she might feel a little reluctant and think it’s a pity, but it’s much better than breaking up after their feelings have deepened. 
Aria had never been hurt in love, nor had she been tormented by it. 
However, she had seen what others looked like when they were hurt in love. 
She didn’t want to experience that feeling at all. 
Brandon Heath pondered for a moment, as if seriously considering her question.
###Chapter 1434: Chapter 1348: Then Prove It to Me
She didn’t want to experience such a feeling at all. 
Brandon Heath pondered for a moment, as if seriously considering the question she had raised. 
A moment later, he spoke slowly: "When I decided to be with you, I had already considered this question. Aria Rowlett, I am an adult, not a child. I am in control of my own life. Of course, I would also take my parents’ opinions into account, but that doesn’t mean I have to listen to them. My mom has always wanted me to find a girl who matches our social and economic status and has introduced me to many well-bred ladies, but it’s useless, no matter how satisfied she is, if I don’t like them." 
"Similarly, it’s useless if she s to the one I like. So my answer is, I won’t listen to anyone else, just follow my own heart." 
Aria Rowlett’s heart beat a little faster: "Follow your own heart? What does your heart say?" 
Brandon Heath looked up, his eyes as dark and thick as the night sky, and answered without any hesitation: "I want to be with you." 
The man’s tone and expression didn’t change much, as if he was just saying something plain and ordinary. 
But Aria Rowlett’s heart was stirred by his words, causing waves one after another. 
"Brandon Heath." She took a deep breath. 
Brandon Heath raised his eyebrows and responded immediately: "Hm?" 
"Has this been said to anyone else?" 
"No one but you." 
"..." 
"Do you really want to be with me?" 
"Shall I swear to you, Aria?" 
"Would you swear?" 
"If that’s what it takes to make you believe me, then I’m willing. I can swear right now." 
At that moment, Aria Rowlett felt her heart beating extremely fast, so much so that it seemed to jump out of her chest any second. 
The deadliest flirtation was probably the intangible kind. 
Brandon Heath didn’t even know what flirting meant, but he just kept making her heart race. 
He probably didn’t even know how flirtatious the words he spoke were. 
"Brandon Heath." 
"Hm?" 
"Do you know what I want to do right now?" 
Seeing the girl by his side suddenly getting closer, Brandon Heath’s calm heartbeat suddenly sped up. His sitting posture became somewhat stiff, but he still remained in the same position as before. 
However, as Aria Rowlett got closer and closer to him, his body became more and more stiff. 
He pursed his lips, tightened his hands by his side, and looked at the increasingly enlarged beautiful face in front of him. His voice was tense as he asked, "What do you want to do?" 
Aria Rowlett laughed softly, looking at the man who was obviously ten years older than her but had tensed up his body due to her closeness. She reached out and gently wrapped her arms around his neck. 
She tilted her face up, lowered her voice, and said, "Do you still remember the third step of the dating process between couples that I taught you?" 
Brandon Heath seriously recalled it, and when he remembered, his body became even more tense. 
He lowered his eyes, looking at the girl who was already leaning on him, and his heart began to race for a moment. 
"Brandon Heath, do you like me? Then prove it to me." Aria Rowlett used some force on the hand holding his neck, and Brandon Heath couldn’t help but lower his head. 
With his head down and her face up, their faces were less than half a finger’s distance apart. 
Brandon Heath’s heartbeat had never been so fast before. 
* 
"Frank, what’s going on with you?"
###Chapter 1435: Chapter 1349: You Really Have Moved Thoughts You Shouldn’t Have
Yannick Luther walked until he reached a secluded spot, then stopped. 
Behind him, Frank Parker also slowed down and stopped. 
Yannick turned around, his eyebrows furrowed, and the look in his eyes toward Frank was full of probing. 
Frank had no expression on his face. He glanced at him and said indifferently, "What’s the matter? You called me over here, what do you want to say?" 
Yannick stared at him for a few seconds before directly asking, "Frank, we’ve been brothers for so many years, I don’t want to beat around the bush with you. I just have one question, and I hope you can tell me the truth." 
"Do you have any ulterior motives toward our sister-in-law? Is your recent abnormal behavior also because of her? Is the situation between you and Rebecca Kelloway related to her as well?" 
At first, Frank listened casually, but his face gradually changed as Yannick continued. 
Yannick observed his reaction. 
He was wondering if he was overthinking it and hoping that he was. 
However, Frank’s reaction made Yannick’s face change bit by bit. 
His expression turned serious. 
"Frank, do you really have feelings for our sister-in-law..." 
Frank pressed his lips together, not directly answering his question. 
"If you called me over just to ask these boring questions, I’m leaving." 
"Wait, Frank." Yannick immediately stepped forward and grabbed his shoulder, his brows furrowed. "You haven’t answered my question yet. You can’t really be having that kind of thoughts about our sister-in-law. Frank, are you insane? Don’t you know she’s already married to Ashton?" 
"I originally thought I was overthinking it, but now it seems that you really have moved your heart in the wrong direction." Yannick was both surprised and taken aback, completely unable to understand. "Didn’t you hate her at first? How could you..." 
"You can have feelings for any other woman, but she’s our sister-in-law. What were you thinking?!" 
He finally understood why he couldn’t arrange dates with Frank these days. 
Even when they did hang out, Frank no longer enjoyed himself like he used> 
To 
The female companions he arranged for Frank were all sent away as well. 
He initially thought it was because of the conflict between Frank and Rebecca Kelloway. 
>No matter what, he never thought it was related to Joanna Lawrence. 
He was well aware of how much Frank disliked Joanna. 
Who would have thought that he would now have those feelings for her? 
This was just too unbelievable. 
What on earth had happened between them? 
"Frank, just say something." Yannick raised his voice when he noticed Frank not responding. "Between brothers, there’s nothing we can’t talk about. Tell me, have you really fallen for our sister-in-law?" 
Frank tightened his lips, turned around with a somber face, and said, "Who told you that I have thoughts about her?" 
"No one told me. I saw it myself." Yannick thought about the images he had seen earlier, and his brow furrowed again. "Your eyes were practically glued to her, and your gaze was so weird. If I couldn’t see that, I would have considered all these years of brotherhood with you wasted." 
Frank’s eyebrows twitched. 
Was it that obvious? 
As if sensing what he was thinking, Yannick sneered, "You should be glad it was only me who saw it,
###Chapter 1436: Chapter 1350: I Definitely Won’t Let You Off
"If Ashton saw you gazing at his wife like that, he would never let you off the hook. He’s a man with an extreme sense of possessiveness." 
"So what if he does?" Perhaps it was his remark that angered him, Frank replied coldly, "I know the principle of not disrespecting a friend’s wife. I’ve never thought of doing anything inappropriate—am I not even allowed to harbor thoughts in my own mind?" 
Yannick was taken aback, his complexion changed considerably, "Frank, are you actually... I advise you to let go of those thoughts early if you don’t want to lose Ashton. Even if you can’t do that immediately, at least don’t let it be so obvious." 
"Do you think it’s worth it to make things awkward between brothers over this?" 
"There are so many women in this world, why her... Frank, what the hell are you thinking?" 
Frank never intended to hide it from Yannick. 
So, he confessed straight away. 
He was aware of how wrong it seemed to others, how impenetrable it was. 
And he acknowledged that it seemed rather impenetrable to himself as well. 
However, some things, even he himself couldn’t control.
"There are some things you just don’t understand," Frank did not plan to explain too much and simply responded,"If you’re worried about me having conflicts with Ashton, you needn’t be. I know very well what I can and cannot do." 
"I have no intention of doing anything, nor of disrupting Ashton’s marriage." 
"But, Frank, you used to really dislike his wife. And what about you and Rebecca Kelloway? You’re in love with Rebecca Kelloway, aren’t you? I just can’t believe that you’d change your mind this quickly." 
"Was there an incident that caused this change?" 
"Stop asking." Frank spoke in an increasingly quiet voice, "You do not need to know what happened. It’s your prerogative to continue your friendship with Rebecca Kelloway. But she and I, we can’t be friends anymore." 
"And don’t try to persuade me, she and I cannot go back to what we were." 
Yannick’s mouth opened to say something, but he swallowed his words back in. 
He had just been trying to mediate the disagreement between Frank and Rebecca Kelloway. 
But since Frank’s words were so absolute, Yannick realized no amount of persuasion would work. 
Frank must have had some serious altercation with Rebecca Kelloway for him to say such things. 
Although Frank was unwilling to disclose the incident, Yannick had a gut feeling that Joanna Lawrence was related to it. 
"Fine. As long as you know what you’re doing, just don’t do anything foolish." Yannick knew that the most he could do as a friend was to offer advice and warnings. As for what Frank wanted to do, he had no control over it. 
He had done his part in reminding and advising him. 
Whether Frank took it to heart or not was no longer within his control. 
A moment later, Frank and Yannick both took their leave. 
Shortly after they left, Rebecca Kelloway, with a dark expression, emerged from behind a large tree that was behind them. 
A strong malice roiled in her eyes. 
"Joanna Lawrence." She ground her teeth, uttering the name syllable by syllable, each one carried a profound hatred. 
She truly hated her. 
Frank was actually attracted to that wretch. 
Now she had nothing left. 
If it weren’t for Joanna Lawrence, she would at least have Frank as a fallback. 
But now, she had nothing. 
All of this was thanks to Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 1437: Chapter 1351: Already Have a Guess
If it were not for Joanna Lawrence, many things would not have turned out the way they are now. 
She wouldn’t be at odds with Ashton Heath, and had their relationship maintained, the Heath Group would definitely assist the Kelloway family in their time of need. 
Frank Parker would not have turned a blind eye to her, either. 
As long as the Kelloway Group weathered the storm, she would still be the much-adored Ms. Rebecca from the Kelloway family. 
Her life was good for her first twenty-something years. 
But since Joanna Lawrence’s appearance, her life had started to take a turn for the worse. Her life started to face setbacks, one after the other... 
So, if Joanna Lawrence were removed from the picture, would her life return to the way it was before? 
If Joanna Lawrence were gone... 
The moment this thought popped into her head, a murderous intent flashed across Rebecca Kelloway’s eyes. 
* 
"Madam Heath, Madam White has requested an audience with you. Do you have some time?" 
At the banquet hall. 
Madam Heath was in the midst of conversing with Joanna Lawrence about work when Tedd approached them with someone following him. 
Joanna Lawrence looked up to see Madam White; she immediately stood up and walked toward her. 
Madam White also took a step forward and gently took her hand. 
Seeing this, Madam Heath was taken aback and questioned, puzzled, "Does Madam White know our Joanna?" 
With a firm grip on Joanna Lawrence’s hand, Madam White looked up at Madam Heath, responded with a warm smile, "Of course, we do know each other. The matter I needed to discuss with Madam Heath is related to Joanna. Do you have some time?" 
Madam Heath was, yet again, taken aback. She gave the two a look before agreeing, "Absolutely. Please take a seat, Madam White. Tedd, fetch Madam White a cup of coffee." 
"Then, I’ll not stand on ceremony." 
Madam White gracefully took a seat next to Madam Heath without any fuss. 
Joanna Lawrence also followed suit and sat down next to her. 
Madam White held onto Joanna Lawrence’s hand without letting go, revealing more of her warm feelings toward her.
Madam Heath watched in silence, her perplexity growing. 
Since when had Joanna Lawrence become good friends with the White family? 
What surprised Madam Heath even more was the considerable resemblance Madam White bore with Joanna Lawrence. 
As the two sat together – a picture of a mother-daughter duo due to their striking facial resemblance. 
"Madam White, may I know what issue do you wish to discuss regarding Joanna?" 
Madam White glanced at Joanna Lawrence with a pensive expression. After some contemplation, she began, "Madam Heath, perhaps you’re aware of the daughter we lost years ago. We’ve spent the last few years looking for her without any leads." 
Madam Heath nodded, "I’ve heard about this matter. However, I did hear recent news that you’ve found some clues and could possibly locate your daughter soon. Is that true?" 
Madam White smiled, joy reflecting in her eyes, "Perhaps, God didn’t want to separate us any further and has finally returned my Cecilia. Madam Heath, we’ve found our daughter." 
"You’ve found her?" Madam Heath was surprised, but delighted for Madam White, "That’s excellent news. Where did you find her? Has she recognized you as her parents? Is she here with you tonight?" 
While speaking, Madam Heath went on to scan the room. 
Her gaze inevitably fell on Joanna Lawrence. 
She took in the striking similarity between the countenances of Joanna Lawrence and Madam White and noted the distinct warm affection Madam White showered upon her; an idea dawned upon Madam Heath.
###Chapter 1438: Chapter 1352: So This is Joanna’s Background
However, she still thought that the possibility was too small, and she might have guessed wrong. 
"Yes, she’s here tonight." Madam White said this and turned her head, looking at Joanna Lawrence affectionately, "She’s sitting right next to me now. Old Madam, I’m looking for you precisely for this matter. Joanna has recognized our White family, so she’s the daughter of the White family. Since she’s now married to Ashton, and has become the daughter-in-law of the Heath family, it’s time for us to have dinner together." 
"What do you think, Old Madam?" 
The gentle words from Madam White were like a bomb thrown into a lake, causing turbulence among the people around. 
Old Madam Heath had already guessed something earlier. 
But at this moment, she was still extremely shocked. 
"Your daughter... is Joanna?" Old Madam Heath asked uncertainly again. 
"Yes." Madam White nodded, "Joanna is the daughter of the White family we’ve been looking for all this time. It’s a long story, and I’ll explain it to you later when I have time. In any case, there’s no mistake in this." 
"Joanna is married to Ashton, so our White family and the Heath family are now related by marriage. Joanna told me that you’ve been very kind to her, and I’d like to thank you for your care of her all this time. Joanna is still young; if she hasn’t done something well, I hope you’ll be patient with her." 
Old Madam Heath finally confirmed that she hadn’t misunderstood the situation. 
Joanna Lawrence was indeed the daughter the White family had been searching for over a decade. 
She felt astonishment and confusion in her heart, as well as countless questions. 
However, she also knew that some things were not convenient to ask now, and Madam White’s intention was to discuss other matters in detail another day. 
Regardless, this was not a bad thing for the Heath family. 
On the contrary, it could even be considered a good thing. 
Old Madam Heath quite liked Joanna, so even when Joanna’s family background didn’t match Ashton’s, she didn’t hold it against her. 
However, Old Madam Heath’s ideal granddaughter-in-law was still someone of matching in social and economic status. 
So upon learning that Joanna was the daughter of the White family, Old Madam Heath was actually quite pleased. 
One could say that she was even more satisfied with Joanna now. 
With this, her grandson and granddaughter-in-law were now matching in social and economic status. 
The White family’s background was more than good enough, leaving no room for dissatisfaction. 
Although the Heath family’s current status didn’t rely on any business marriages to stabilize anything, forming a marriage alliance with a family of equal status was certainly not a bad thing. 
For the Heath family, this was icing on the cake. 
"Madam White, you’re too polite. Joanna is your daughter and also my granddaughter-in-law. I should love my own granddaughter-in-law. Besides, Joanna is sensible and obedient, there’s nothing she hasn’t done well. She’s even better than anyone else."
"Now that you mother and daughter have recognized each other, and the White family and Heath family are indeed related by marriage. It’s time for our two families to have a proper meal together and chat. You can set the date, and I’ll be available anytime. Just let me know when it’s settled." 
Madam White smiled and said, "I’m also free anytime. It mainly depends on Ashton and Joanna. Whenever they’re available, we can have the dinner." 
Old Madam Heath nodded and said, "Then it depends on when they have time." 
After saying that, Old Madam Heath looked deeply at Joanna Lawrence and sighed with emotion, "I never imagined that Joanna would have such a background. I don’t know what Mrs. White’s plans are now,"
###Chapter 1439: Chapter 1353: Let’s see how she chews on her tongue!
"As for the matter of Joanna returning to the White family, should we hold a banquet to announce it publicly, or... " 
"Joanna said it’s better to keep a low profile, so there’s no need to announce it publicly. However, we can hold a small banquet later and invite some close friends and relatives. She is busy with film shooting now, so we can discuss these matters after she finishes it." 
* 
In a corner. 
Lady Octavia glanced over at Madam White and Madam Heath, and when she saw Madam White and Joanna so intimately close, her brows furrowed and her eyes showed a hint of doubt. 
She naturally knew Madam White. 
So she was very curious, why Madam White and Joanna seemed so intimate. 
The few people sitting there, she did not know what they were talking about, but they seemed to be having a good conversation. 
Lady Octavia disliked Joanna and found whatever she did displeasing to the eye. 
In her opinion, Joanna must have flattered Madam White or used some trick to get Madam White to be so close to her. 
Just like how Joanna initially deceived her son and Madam Heath. 
Joanna was nothing but scheming and shameless. 
As Lady Octavia glared at Joanna with anger in her belly, Tedd approached her and said respectfully, "My lady, Madam Heath would like you to come over. She said she has something to discuss with you." 
Lady Octavia raised her head, her eyebrows furrowed, "Madam Heath is looking for me?" 
"Yes." 
"Did she say what it is about?" 
"Madam Heath did not mention the specifics, but I guess it’s related to Ms. Joanna." 
Lady Octavia’s face immediately turned sour.
"Related to Ms. Joanna? What is it?" 
Tedd smiled, "I’m not sure either. My lady, if you go over, you’ll find out." 
Lady Octavia pursed her lips, and after a few seconds, she suddenly sneered, "She must be trying to sow discord in front of Madam Heath again and speak ill of me. I’ll go there now and see how she spreads rumors!" 
After saying that, she stood up, her face stern, and walked towards Madam Heath. 
Behind her, Tedd watched her huffing and puffing, as if she were going to start a quarrel, and frowned involuntarily. 
He secretly sighed in his heart. 
He really didn’t know why Lady Octavia had such a terrible attitude towards Ms. Joanna. 
In fact, apart from her family background not matching Mr. Ashton’s, Ms. Joanna was quite good in other aspects. 
But Lady Octavia was very particular about family background, and if the family background wasn’t good, no matter how good Joanna was in other aspects, she wouldn’t be satisfied. 
Take Ms. Rebecca, whom she used to like the most, for instance. 
Ms. Rebecca was also beloved by Lady Octavia as her own daughter. She had always hoped that Ms. Rebecca could marry Mr. Ashton and become her daughter-in-law. 
But now, the Kelloway family had fallen in status and Lady Octavia couldn’t like Ms. Rebecca as she did before. 
She would no longer consider having Ms. Rebecca marry Mr. Ashton. 
Lady Octavia’s fondness for her was based on the time when the Kelloways hadn’t declined and could still match the Heath family. 
Even if she still liked Ms. Rebecca now, the extent of her fondness would have to be discounted. 
However, regardless of her dissatisfaction with Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton and Ms. Joanna were already married. 
Moreover, Mr. Ashton valued Ms. Joanna so much. 
If Lady Octavia was unwilling to compromise and continued to show such rejection, it would only increasingly impact her relationship with her son, Mr. Ashton. 
* 
"Madam Heath, my lady has arrived." 
As Lady Octavia arrived, Madam Heath and Madam White were discussing how to handle Joanna’s future wedding.
###Chapter 1440: Chapter 1354: Lady Octavia, do you think this is alright?
Madam Heath preferred a traditional Chinese wedding. 
Madam White liked a Western-style wedding instead. 
After discussing back and forth, they decided to host two weddings. 
One hosted by the Heath family and the other by the White family, with the Heath family organizing the Chinese-style wedding and the White family organizing the Western-style one. 
While they were happily discussing, Lady Octavia came over with a cold expression on her face. 
Without even glancing at Joanna Lawrence, she stood beside Madam Heath and called out, "Mom." 
Then she asked, "Tedd said you were looking for me. What is the matter?" 
Madam Heath’s face, which had been full of smiles, lost its warmth when she looked up at Lady Octavia’s cold expression. 
She was very dissatisfied with Lady Octavia’s recent behavior. 
Especially after she had tried to advise her several times, and Lady Octavia still insisted on her own way, completely disregarding her words, Madam Heath’s displeasure towards her had deepened. 
She felt that Lady Octavia had become more and more unruly lately. 
And she cared less and less about her image. 
Madam Heath was not pleased with her, so her tone was also indifferent, saying, "Well, sit down first." 
Lady Octavia chose a seat and sat down. 
She was seated opposite Joanna and Madam White, and she saw Madam White holding Joanna’s hand while whispering something to her gently. 
Her demeanor was tender and loving, just like a mother speaking to her daughter. 
Seeing this scene, Lady Octavia felt a surge of anger. 
She couldn’t help but speak coldly, "It’s rare to see Madam White here tonight. I didn’t know that my daughter-in-law has such a good relationship with Madam White. Joanna, when did you get to know Madam White?" 
Upon hearing this, Madam White slowly looked up. 
Madam White had previously worried that the Heath family might look down on Joanna for not being from a prestigious background and treat her poorly. 
But after tonight’s banquet, she could see that Lady Octavia was indeed dissatisfied with Joanna. 
Even when Lady Octavia spoke about Joanna, there was disdain in her eyes. 
This showed just how unhappy she was with Joanna. 
Madam White treasured her newly acknowledged daughter and wished to dote on her as much as possible. 
Seeing her daughter being looked down upon in front of her, Madam White’s heart instantly filled with discontent. 
Her tone was not too polite when she spoke to Lady Octavia, "Mrs. White, it’s only natural for a mother and daughter to have a close relationship. There is nothing to be surprised about." 
"Mother and daughter?" 
Lady Octavia looked at her in astonishment when she heard Madam White referring to her as "Mrs. White." 
When she heard the phrase "mother and daughter having a close relationship is only natural," her eyes widened in shock. 
She stared at Madam White with a mixture of confusion and disbelief, then turned her incredulous gaze to Joanna as if she had just realized something. 
"Lady Octavia, I was just discussing with Madam Heath about the wedding of Joanna and Ashton. We think it’s best to have two weddings — one hosted by your Heath family first, and then another one by our White family." 
"Since you’re Ashton’s mother and Joanna’s mother-in-law, we want to hear your opinion as well. Lady Octavia, do you think this is acceptable?" 
A few casual words from Madam White left Lady Octavia’s face once again filled with disbelief. 
"Madam White, what do you mean? You mentioned mother and daughter just now..." 
"Oh, I forgot to tell Lady Octavia."
###Chapter 1441: Chapter 1355: Do You Think I Want to Have These Worries?
Madam White smiled and gently adjusted Joanna’s hair. She looked into Lady Octavia’s incredulous eyes and slowly said, "Joanna is indeed the daughter I have been searching for. A few days ago, through various coincidences, we were finally able to recognize each other as mother and daughter." 
Lady Octavia widened her eyes in shock. 
"As Joanna is my daughter and she is married to your son, we are naturally in-laws. When Joanna married Ashton, we didn’t know she was little Cecilia, so we missed a lot of things." 
"When they hold a wedding ceremony, I will make it up to her." 
"How can this be possible?" Among all the people present, Lady Octavia was undoubtedly the most shocked and incredulous. 
What she was most dissatisfied with was Joanna’s family background. 
But now, Joanna suddenly became the daughter of the White family, and she suddenly had a good family background? 
In terms of matching in social and economic status, the White family was even more suitable than the Kelloway family. 
Even the previous Kelloway family could not compare to the White family. 
Madam White asked, "Does Lady Octavia think something is impossible? Or does she think the White family would joke about such a matter?" 
Lady Octavia didn’t say anything. She stared at Joanna with astonishment, seemingly unable to accept this news. 
Madam White didn’t say much either. 
Some things are better left unsaid. 
No matter how Lady Octavia had treated Joanna before, now that Joanna had the White family behind her, she couldn’t possibly continue treating her like she used to. 
And everything Madam White had done was only to prevent her daughter from being wronged in the Heath family. 
* 
The banquet ended. 
On the way home, Joanna was drowsy and fell asleep leaning against Ashton Heath’s shoulder before they even reached their house.
She didn’t wake up when they got out of the car. 
Ashton Heath saw her sleeping so soundly, not having the heart to wake her up, and directly carried her back to their bedroom. 
On the other side. 
After the guests dispersed, Lady Octavia looked at Madam Heath’s gloomy face and cautiously called out, "Mom." 
Madam Heath coldly said, "I think you’d better not call me mother anymore." 
"Mom, what are you talking about? Did I offend you somehow?" Lady Octavia asked, knowingly. 
If she hadn’t mentioned it, Madam Heath’s expression would have been more bearable, but as soon as Lady Octavia finished speaking, Madam Heath’s face grew colder. 
"Don’t you know why I’m angry? Octavia Bridge, have you ignored everything I’ve said before? Or does this old woman hold no weight in your heart, so my words don’t matter whether you listen or not?" 
Lady Octavia’s heart thudded, and she quickly said, "How could that be? Mom, you must have misunderstood me. I really don’t know what made you angry." 
"Haven’t I told you more than once not to meddle in the children’s affairs? However, what did you do tonight? Brandon is already thirty years old. It’s not easy for him to finally have a girlfriend, yet you, as his mother, are not happy. Instead of being kind to the girl, you showed her a cold face upon meeting her for the first time. If you scare her away, your son will be a bachelor for life." 
"Mom." Speaking of this matter, Lady Octavia’s lips tightened, and her face looked a bit unpleasant. "With Brandon’s qualifications, is there any woman he couldn’t find? How could he be a bachelor for life?" 
"I don’t want to interfere in their affairs, but can’t they do anything to make me feel at ease? Do you think I want to worry about this?
###Chapter 1442: Chapter 1356: Everything is for Their Own Good
"I have already made inquiries about that girl with the last name of Rowlett, do you know what her family is like?" 
"Even if her family situation was a little more normal, I wouldn’t be so averse to her. But she comes from a family where both parents are gambling addicts, and she has a younger brother who has been arrested multiple times for theft. How am I supposed to accept a family like that?" 
"Even if my excellent son doesn’t find someone matching in social and economic status, he can’t be with someone like her, can he? You can’t just let go of your principles because Brandon is willing to have a girlfriend now, allowing him to choose just any woman." 
"I would rather have Brandon remain single than be with someone like her." 
"Anyway, I will never agree to Brandon being with that Aria girl." 
"You don’t agree?" Madam Heath sneered, "Octavia, do you think your two sons are the type of people who would listen to you? If you don’t agree, will they find someone who satisfies you?" 
"I advise you, since some things can’t be changed, you might as well change your mindset and try to accept them gradually." 
"Otherwise, in the end, you will gain nothing. You and Ashton are already at odds like this, and you still haven’t come to your senses." 
"Do you have to make both your daughters estranged from you before you’ll be satisfied?" 
"I see that you’re not an unclear-minded person, but why in this matter alone are you so stubborn? Yes, I’m not satisfied with Aria’s background either, but do the two children agree with our choices?" 
Lady Octavia pursed her lips and was silent for a while before she still firmly said, "No matter what, I won’t allow my son to marry such a woman. Mom, don’t try to persuade me anymore, I am the one who gave birth to my son, and if you can accept it, I can’t." 
"Brandon is meant to accomplish great things in the future. If he is chosen, do you think a girl with a family background like Aria’s is suitable to stand by his side? Even if Brandon doesn’t marry someone of matching status as the Heath family, it can’t be too different. Mom, don’t worry about this matter anymore. I know what I should do." 
Seeing her stubbornness, Madam Heath laughed coldly several times, "Fine, I won’t interfere. No matter what you do in the future, even if you regret it, don’t come to me crying." 
"I won’t regret it," Lady Octavia insisted. "Everything I do is for their own good, even if they don’t understand me now, they will someday." 
"When all is said and done, what you to is their family background. There is no certainty in life. You originally wanted to match Ashton with Rebecca Kelloway because you felt the Kelloway family and the Heath family were a good match. But knowing the current situation of the Kelloway family, would you still want Ashton to marry a girl from that family?" 
"You also ed to Joanna because her family background was too ordinary. But now, she has become the beloved jewel of the White family and is actually the best match for Ashton. However, how does it matter now that you are satisfied, as you have already disrupted the harmony among the family? Family harmony is the most important thing to me, and there is nothing more important than that. You should think about it carefully, this is the last time I will say these words to you."
After saying all this, Madam Heath had someone assist her in leaving. 
Lady Octavia remained in place, her face a mixture of complex emotions. 
She kept thinking about what Madam Heath had said. 
In the past, her most favorite choice for a daughter-in-law was Rebecca Kelloway. 
Rebecca grew up under her watch; they knew each other’s families well, and their family backgrounds were compatible. There was no one more suitable for her son than Rebecca.
###Chapter 1443: Chapter 1357: Finally feeling a bit relieved
The turn of events in the Kelloway family was something she had never anticipated. 
What surprised her even more was Joanna Lawrence’s background. 
The ideal daughter-in-law she had in mind now came from a less satisfactory family background due to their decline in fortunes. 
On the other hand, the daughter-in-law she initially didn’t approve of had now gained a family background that greatly satisfied her. 
How could she have ever foreseen these changes? 
She understood what Madam Heath meant. 
However, when it came to the Rowlett family... 
Thinking about the situation of the Rowlett family, Lady Octavia’s brows furrowed tightly. 
The Rowlett family’s financial status was just too poor, to the point where she couldn’t bear it. 
Her son, with his future identity, absolutely couldn’t marry a daughter from the Rowlett family. 
Moreover, even with Joanna Lawrence’s situation as a precedent, she didn’t believe that Aria Rowlett could also have a decent true background. 
So, Aria Rowlett was absolutely not allowed to be with her son. 
As for Joanna Lawrence... 
Thinking about her current relationship with Joanna, as well as her previous attempts to threaten Joanna into leaving Ashton, Lady Octavia couldn’t help but frown, and a hint of annoyance appeared in her eyes. 
If she had known earlier about Joanna’s background, she wouldn’t have been in this position.... 
But anyway, this can still be considered a good thing. 
Joanna has now become the daughter of the White family, marrying their daughter would make her son’s match widely admired. 
The White family and the Heath family were indeed matching in social and economic status. 
Although Joanna was only recently acknowledged by the White family, it’s not too late. 
The wedding between her and Ashton Heath hadn’t taken place yet. 
By the time they hold the wedding and Joanna’s identity is announced, people will only envy her son for finding such a great match. 
She wouldn’t have to fear being laughed at for her son choosing a woman from a lower-class background anymore. 
At this thought, Lady Octavia finally felt a bit more at ease. 
Even if she still didn’t particularly like Joanna, with the identity of being the daughter of the White family, Lady Octavia’s dissatisfaction with her had faded a lot. The only remaining grievance was her film shooting career. 
But now, even that dissatisfaction has decreased significantly due to Joanna’s connection to the White family. 
Lady Octavia has already thought it through. 
If someone asks her about Joanna’s film shooting career, she’ll just say Joanna did it as a temporary interest and would quit the industry after a few films. 
At that time, no one would doubt her words. 
After all, having the identity of the daughter of the White family is much more convincing than anything else. 
No one would find it odd and gossip behind their backs. 
At this moment, Lady Octavia even felt somewhat relieved that Ashton hadn’t chosen to be with Rebecca Kelloway. 
Otherwise, the current situation of the Kelloway family would have become a burden on the Heath family. 
If the two families had become in-laws, the Heaths would have to step in and help when the Kelloways encountered difficulties. 
It’s possible that the Heath family would be dragged down by the Kelloways as well. 
With such thoughts, Lady Octavia was even more satisfied with Joanna, and the little dissatisfaction she had with her career quickly faded to almost nothing. 
She decided that she had to do something to improve the current mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship since there was nothing about Joanna that made her unhappy now. Naturally, she couldn’t continue treating her daughter-in-law coldly. 
* 
After attending Jeremy Lawrence’s banquet. 
As the people from the Kelloway family left, every one of them had a different expression on their faces.
###Chapter 1444: Chapter 1358: Isn’t Regina Kelloway your daughter?
Inside the car. 
Regina and Rebecca Kelloway were sitting together. After getting in the car, Regina didn’t speak, just kept looking out the window. 
Rebecca, on the other hand, had a gloomy expression with an icy aura, also silent. 
Lady Patrice sat in the front-seat passenger position and was still asking Rebecca, "Rebecca, what do you think of Mrs. Parkins’ son? I think he seems to have a good impression of you. Although the Parkins family is not very good, they have been up-and-coming in recent years. If you marry into the Parkins family, you will also be well provided for in the future." 
"Moreover, if the man has weaker conditions, you can dominate after marriage. If his conditions are too good, he might be fickle, and you may not be able to live happily. I think you should really consider it." 
"Rebecca, you... " 
"Mom, that Jimmy Parkins looks like a pig’s head, and you think he’s good too? He’s not even worthy enough to carry my shoes, yet you want me to marry him for the sake of the Kelloway Group? So as long as the Kelloway family benefits, even if the other party is a pig, you want me to marry him? Are you really my biological mother, or do you not care about my future happiness?" Rebecca suddenly had an emotional breakdown and yelled at Lady Patrice. 
She gritted her teeth and said, "Am I the only daughter of the Kelloway family? Isn’t Regina your daughter too? Why do I have to sacrifice my happiness for the sake of the Kelloways while Regina doesn’t have to do anything?" 
"Is that fair?" 
"Joanna." Regina’s back stiffened when she heard this, and she slowly turned her head. Her face was a bit pale as she looked at Rebecca. 
Lady Patrice was also stunned. 
"You, your sister is still young." It took a few seconds before Lady Patrice spoke, "It’s not that we don’t want Regina to help, but what can she do at this moment? Rebecca, are you blaming me for favoritism and not loving you?" 
"I know you don’t like Mrs. Parkins’ son. If our Kelloway family hadn’t encountered this crisis, where would I be willing to let you suffer these grievances? But now, the Kelloways are no longer what they used to be. Do you know how people in our circle talk about us?" 
"Even those who were far inferior to the Kelloway family in the past are now daring to ridicule us and dismiss the Kelloways. Not to mention your feelings of grievance, have your Dad and I suffered less? Do you know how many times your Dad has had to bow his head for the sake of Kelloway Group? Those people used to find it difficult to even meet him, but now they can be arrogant in front of him. Those who used to try to flatter the Kelloways have all disappeared." 
"At the crucial moment, all these people are gone, not a single one willing to help." 
"You think you’re wronged, but has no one in the family been wronged? You don’t think much of Mrs. Parkins’ son, but do you think the ones you like are possible? Let’s not talk about others, just take Frank Parker for example, he’s been pursuing you, hasn’t he? He likes you a lot, doesn’t he? Now that the Kelloways have encountered trouble, is he willing to help? Is he still willing to marry you?" 
When the mention of Frank Parker came up, Rebecca’s facial expression suddenly froze. 
Her face was indescribably ugly. 
She wanted to argue, but she found that she couldn’t argue at all. 
When the Kelloways encountered trouble this time, she went to ask Frank Parker for help. She originally thought that Frank would help her no matter what. 
Even though she had once deceived him. 
But they had known each other for so many years, and he couldn’t possibly have no feelings for her at all.
###Chapter 1445: Chapter 1359: How Could He Hold Your Hand?
Before she approached him, she saw him as her only hope. 
But when he rejected her, it was so ruthless and thorough. 
Moreover, he wasn’t just lashing out at her; he truly didn’t help her at all. 
Even though she initially thought that he was angry at her and that’s why he refused to help, after eavesdropping on his conversation with Yannick Luther tonight, she understood everything. 
Perhaps, ever since the scandal about him and Joanna Lawrence broke, he had already fallen for Joanna. 
No smoke without fire. 
She should have realized back then that those scandals could not have been mere rumors. 
"Rebecca, don’t bother entertaining such thoughts anymore," Lady Patrice watched Rebecca’s face grow increasingly pale and advised with pity, "I’ve inquired about Mrs. Parkins’ son already. He is a good, honest man with no scandalous affairs." 
"Though he may not be handsome, marrying is not only about looks; it’s one’s character that matters most. In your mother’s opinion, Jimmy Parkins is not bad; at least he’s reliable. Besides, he loves you so much. If you marry him, he will surely treat you well." 
"Mrs. Parkins has been friends with your mom for many years, she wouldn’t treat you poorly either." 
"You won’t be wronged if you marry into the Parkins family. Listen to your mom and try to get along with Jimmy." 
"What about Regina?" Rebecca suddenly let out a cold laugh, "Mom, you just told me Regina is too young to help. As I see it, she’s the one who can help the most right now." 
Lady Patrice was taken aback, "What could Regina do to help?" 
Rebecca turned her head to look at Regina, a strange glint in her eyes, "Mom probably doesn’t know yet. The youngest master of the Heath family who just got acknowledged is Regina’s classmate, and they have quite a good relationship." 
"I think the youngest master of the Heath family seems to like Regina. Maybe if she asks him for help, the crisis in Kelloway Group can be resolved." 
"How can the Parkins family even compare to the Heath family?" 
"Since the Heath family is willing to host a feast for the recently acknowledged youngest master, it means they value him. I think Madam Heath likes him a lot. If he could speak up for the Kelloway family in front of her, it would be more effective than anything else." 
Regina looked at Rebecca in disbelief. 
"What? Regina, do you know the youngest master of the Heath family? Is what Joanna said true?" Lady Patrice asked in a genuinely surprised tone. 
"Of course it’s true," Rebecca met Regina’s gaze and narrowed her eyes, "I even saw Regina and him having a private meal together. They must have a good relationship. Now that the Kelloway family is facing such a serious issue, as a member of the family, shouldn’t she do her part?" 
"Regina, do you think what Joanna said is right?" Rebecca asked, lowering her gaze to Regina. 
Regina clenched her fists, "Joanna, Jeremy and I haven’t talked for a long time. Our relationship isn’t good, and asking him for help wouldn’t make any difference." 
"Really?" Rebecca sneered, "Then what did you two go out for tonight? I saw Jeremy holding your hand for quite a while. Where did you go, and what did you do? You said your relationship wasn’t good, so why would he hold your hand?" 
"Regina, the Kelloway family never treated you poorly. Are you really not going to help now that the family is in trouble?"
###Chapter 1446: Chapter 1360: Absolutely the Standard of Heaven and Earth
"What you’re doing, isn’t it wrong?" 
Regina Kelloway’s face paled, she bit her lip: "Joanna, it’s not like I won’t help the Kelloway family. But the relationship between Jeremy Lawrence and me isn’t what you think. Plus, didn’t you vehemently oppose us being together before? Why now..." 
"Different times bring different circumstances. Back then, Jeremy Lawrence was just a poor man, of course, I had to be against you two. But now, he’s the youngest master of the Heath family, his status is different from before. Regina, you can’t bear to see our parents worried sick and unable to sleep all night, can you?" 
"Just asking Jeremy Lawrence to help the Kelloway family, is it too difficult for you? You’re a Kelloway, if the Kelloway family goes bankrupt, do you think you can still live this comfortable life?" 
"Our parents have worked hard to raise you, if you’re refusing to do this, then we wasted our time." 
"Regina, is everything your sister said true? If you really do know the youngest master of the Heath family, then you should ask him to help the Kelloway family. Joanna is right, the Heath family seems to value him, if he’s willing to plead on our behalf, perhaps the Heath family will help us." 
"Then, Joanna wouldn’t have to go on those arranged dates anymore." 
"Regina, the family is in trouble right now, you must help." 
"Mom, I..." Regina bit her lip, tears welled up in her eyes as she met Rebecca’s icy gaze. 
She wanted to say that she and Jeremy Lawrence are nothing more than strangers now. 
Even if she were to ask Jeremy Lawrence for help, he certainly wouldn’t. 
Moreover, Jeremy Lawrence just returned to the Heath family, she didn’t want to cause him trouble at such a time. 
If the Heath family wanted to help, they would have done so already. 
"Regina, are you unwilling to help?" Rebecca stared at her, her words pressuring Regina, "You can’t enjoy what the family gives you and do nothing in return. Don’t say this is too difficult, could it be any more difficult than what I’m facing? You’re part of the Kelloway family, now it’s time for you to step up." 
Lady Patrice quickly added, "Regina, please ask Jeremy Lawrence for help." 
Lady Patrice knew about the condition Ashton Heath proposed. 
That’s why she was in a rush to marry Rebecca off within a short period of time. 
But it was due to their circumstances. 
She didn’t approve of the men Rebecca was meeting for arranged dates, none of them were suitable for her daughter. 
She didn’t want Rebecca to marry those men. 
But when compared to the interests of the Kelloway family, she ultimately chose to sacrifice her daughter’s happiness. 
But if Regina does know the youngest master of the Heath family and could ask him for help, then she wouldn’t need to rush Rebecca’s marriage. 
If the Kelloway family could overcome this crisis and return to their previous life, who could Rebecca not choose? 
Regina opened her mouth, there was so much she wanted to say, but in the end what came out was: "Alright, I... I’ll try." 
"It’s not about trying, you must make him agree to help." Rebecca grabbed Regina’s hand, her attitude changing suddenly, her gaze softening. "Regina, you are now the only hope for our family, no matter what, you have to make Jeremy Lawrence agree." 
"Your sister once told you that you can definitely do it." 
Regina looked at Rebecca, a tear rolled down her cheek, she slowly pulled her hand out of Rebecca’s. 
Looking at Rebecca’s expression that stiffened for a moment, she said in a tone unlike her usual affectionate voice: "Joanna, I’ll go to Jeremy Lawrence.
###Chapter 1447: Chapter 1361: Is it too late for her to regret now?
But I can’t guarantee whether he’d be willing to help." 
After Shen Xin was done talking, she turned away and didn’t speak another word to Shen Rou. 
Shen Rou clenched her lips, the anger apparent in her eyes as she observed her attitude. 
Is she feeling wronged by this? 
Is she acting aggrieved just because I asked her to go find Jeremy Lawrence? 
What about all the trouble I have been put through with blind dates these days? 
I was ridiculed, looked down upon, and endured all sorts of grievances. Is that not enough? 
Even though she was fuming inside, she was greatly relieved. 
Because Regina Kelloway agreed to find Jeremy Lawrence, this made Rebecca Kelloway breathe a sigh of relief. 
With Regina’s help, her parents would not force her anymore. 
She really did not want to marry those men who were so appalling to look at. 
Through the days of blind dates, Rebecca Kelloway finally realized how attractive Ashton Heath and Frank Parker were to the opposite sex. 
They were on a completely different level from the men she was dating. 
Rebecca Kelloway had many regrets. 
She regretted why she was so obsessed with Ashton Heath, why she didn’t cherish Frank Parker back then. 
At that time, Frank Parker was willing to marry her. 
If she hadn’t been so obsessed with Ashton Heath, if she had married Frank Parker, she’d undoubtedly be very happy now. 
Even if the Kelloway family fell from grace, she would still be the honorable Mrs. Parker. 
Instead of now, being forced to go on blind dates with those pig-headed men. 
And even being despised by those men! 
Rebecca Kelloway felt more and more regretful and annoyed as she thought about it. She remembered how good Frank Parker had been to her and regretted not cherishing him at the time. 
If she could have treated Frank Parker a little better then and not just enjoyed his devotion, would he really have fallen in love with her? 
Is it too late for her to regret it now? 
If she starts treating him well now, would he accept it? 
* 
After Jeremy Lawrence’s banquet ended, Joanna Lawrence flew back to Frankfurt to continue shooting. 
The following week, the shooting went very smoothly. 
In one week, they finished shooting scenes that were originally scheduled for half a month. 
Gary White edited a few minutes of the trailer and posted it on the TV series official Blog. 
Because the male lead is Kelvin Norman, this TV series has always drawn a lot of attention. Once the trailer was released, fans flocked to watch their idol’s superb acting skills. 
What the official Blog did not anticipate was that initially, the comment section was filled with hot comments praising Mr. Norman’s explosive acting skills. 
Yet, a few hours after the trailer was released, the direction of the comments slowly began to change. 
"Wow, Joanna Lawrence’s acting is really good, she didn’t seem intimidated at all acting opposite a seasoned actor like Mr. Norman. Moreover, she didn’t have her limelight stolen by Mr. Norman, which is quite rare, considering those other actresses who acted with Mr. Norman were easily overlooked." 
"Previously, Mr. Norman publicly praised her acting skills and I thought it was just polite talk. Unbelievably, her acting skills are really not bad, several scenes were particularly stunning and left deep impressions. Her crying scene was so moving, I almost burst into tears." 
"This is the first actress who has matched Mr. Norman move for move in their scenes together. Regardless, Joanna Lawrence’s acting skills are definitely impressive. Of course, this is just a few clips, we don’t know if the same standard is maintained in the full drama. If so, I’m really looking forward to this TV series."
###Chapter 1448: Chapter 1362: Praised and Trending
"Oh my gosh, a big "I was wrong" moment. I originally thought that no matter how much I like Mr. Norman, I wouldn’t want to watch a drama with him and a vase as the lead, but now that I’ve seen this trailer, I actually think Joanna Lawrence’s acting is pretty good?! I’m actually looking forward to this TV series now." 
"Can I say I feel the same? I swore I would never watch this TV series. But after taking a look, I found it’s not as bad as I thought; it’s actually much better than I expected. The trailer looks quite exciting. If the quality of the actual series is like this, I feel like it’s worth watching." 
"No hate, no bias, ively speaking, the trailer is indeed not bad. Joanna Lawrence’s acting is way better than I thought. It’s hard to believe she’s a newcomer with barely any works; her acting seems even better than many seasoned actors." 
"Can I say that I initially came here for Mr. Norman, but now I’m attracted by Joanna Lawrence’s acting? Her crying scene is too good. It’s very infectious. I can’t believe I was actually crying during such a short trailer." 
The comment section was originally filled with praises for Kelvin Norman. 
A few hours later, the hot comments have all turned to praising Joanna Lawrence. 
Even the official Blog of the trailer didn’t expect such a change. 
Neither did Joanna Lawrence herself. 
So, when the topic #JoannaLawrenceShowsImpressiveActingInNewRole# started trending, even Linda Tame was surprised. 
When she clicked into the topic and saw a bunch of Blog posts praising Joanna Lawrence’s acting, she was even more stunned. She wondered if Gary White had paid for online trolls to give good reviews or if Ashton Heath had helped Joanna Lawrence in some way. 
After all, whenever Joanna Lawrence appeared in the hot search, she got there due to various scandals. 
This constant negative trending caused Linda a headache, and she quickly checked who else was attacking her. 
Therefore, when Linda found out that Joanna Lawrence’s trending topic this time was filled with praises, she was truly shocked. 
She doubted herself for a moment, watching it a few more times before confirming that she was not seeing things. 
Joanna Lawrence really made it to the trending list by being praised. 
Linda, seeing the hot comments under the TV series official Blog, felt amazed and filled with a sense of joy as if they had finally gone through the worst stage. 
It wasn’t easy. 
Ever since she signed with Joanna Lawrence, Joanna would appear in the hot search on Blog every now and then, getting bashed every time. 
There was never a good incident. 
For those female artists who wanted to rise to fame through scandals, this would be a blessing. 
The company would be thrilled without any costs involved, to frequently be on the hot search and attract new fans. 
But Linda’s goal for Joanna Lawrence was never to let her walk the path of fame through scandals. 
So whenever Joanna Lawrence was in the hot search due to various scandals, attracting fans, Linda was left with nothing but headaches. 
She feared that Joanna would eventually become a female artist who relied on scandals to gain fame, which went against her original intentions when she signed her. 
With both looks and talent, Linda wanted to package Joanna Lawrence into a true A-list female artist. 
After looking at the hot search, Linda, suppressing her excitement, called Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna Lawrence, who picked up the phone, didn’t even know that she was trending at the time. 
She had just finished shooting a scene and was watching a playback with Kelvin Norman. Afterward, she analyzed the scene with him, saying, "Mr. Norman, I feel like that shot we just did wasn’t perfect enough,"
###Chapter 1449: Chapter 1363: Joanna, have you ever thought about acting in a movie?
"I feel like it would be more touching if I don’t cry at the beginning. The feeling of holding back tears when sadness reaches its limit, and then letting them fall in a split second as I turn around, doesn’t that seem better? Of course, if you don’t think it’s necessary, I don’t need to reshoot." 
After spending some time together, Joanna Lawrence and Kelvin Norman’s relationship had improved significantly compared to before. 
Now, they could be considered good friends. Joanna had changed how she called him, from "senior" to the current "Mr. Norman." 
Having understood Kelvin’s character, knowing that he was actually a very easygoing and amicable person, Joanna spoke more freely in front of him than before. 
She would basically say whatever was on her mind. 
Especially when it came to work-related matters, she would directly discuss her ideas with Kelvin. 
Just now, the two of them had filmed a scene in one take. 
Gary White was also very satisfied, saying that there was no need for a re-take. 
However, after watching the playback, Joanna felt her performance could be better and wanted to reshoot the scene. 
After watching the playback, Kelvin stood up straight. He listened to Joanna’s analysis, pondered for a few seconds, and nodded, "If we shoot it the way you described, it might indeed be more impactful. Let’s reshoot it once more." 
"Mr. Norman, will that not cause a delay for you?" 
"No," Kelvin shook his head and walked towards the center of the set. "Let’s reshoot it according to your idea. Director White, if you don’t have any ions, can we reshoot?" 
Gary White was already very content with the previous take. 
However, after hearing Joanna’s analysis, he felt that filming it according to her idea might yield better results. 
Most actors wouldn’t voluntarily suggest reshooting a scene that had already passed. 
After all, reshooting takes time and energy. 
If the director didn’t request it, actors would rarely suggest it themselves. 
Although Joanna was his younger sister, from a professional standpoint, Gary White admired actors like her. 
ively speaking, Joanna’s performance had been very satisfying to him. 
When he initially decided to cast her as Female Lead 1, he knew she wouldn’t let him down. 
But her performance exceeded even his expectations. 
Even if Joanna wasn’t his sister, Gary White would still admire such an actor. 
"Well, if neither of you has any issues, how could I have any? Let’s reshoot," he said. 
Joanna also walked to the center of the stage. 
A few minutes later, she and Kelvin re-filmed that scene with their new approach. The other staff and actors who watched felt the reshoot was indeed better than the original take. 
After finishing the reshoot, Joanna took a bottle of water from Nina and handed it to Kelvin. "Mr. Norman, thank you for cooperating with me." 
Kelvin smiled, "What’s there to thank? Your suggestion was good, and the reshoot brought out more emotion in the scene than before. Joanna, have you ever thought about acting in movies?" 
After spending some time together, Kelvin had come to know Joanna quite well. 
He quite admired this newcomer. 
She was humble, polite, serious and diligent at work, and willing to endure hardships. 
It was evident that she truly loved acting. 
Her approach was far from casual or playful. 
Moreover, she certainly had a natural gift in acting, making her suited for this profession.
###Chapter 1450: Chapter 1364: Aren’t you giving her too much credit this way?
Such a young lady with excellent appearance, decent acting skills, hard-working, eager to learn, and with a certain amount of resources, it would only be a matter of time before she became successful. 
Kelvin Norman appreciated her and liked her, so he didn’t mind helping her out at the right moment. 
He himself had started as a newcomer and was helped by a senior who appreciated him, giving him a hand and helping him a lot, which made it possible for him to have achieved what he has today smoothly. 
Though, without the help of that senior, he would eventually achieve what he has now but definitely not as quickly. 
"A movie?" Joanna Lawrence paused and looked at him in surprise. 
"Yeah, a movie. One of my friends is a director and is preparing to shoot a film in the second half of this year, and he is currently selecting actors. If you’re interested, I can recommend you to audition. Of course, if you’re not interested, then forget it." 
Kelvin Norman is a movie star now, mainly developing his career in the film industry. 
It’s very easy for a movie star to be willing to act in TV series. 
However, those who have become successful in the film industry are hardly going back to TV series. 
But for actors who have been in TV series to switch to movie-making, it’s not that easy. 
Many people can do well in TV series, but not necessarily in the big screen. 
Many A-list actresses in the circle want to develop in the film industry, but few have succeeded. 
Given Kelvin Norman’s status, the directors he knows are definitely superstars in the film industry. 
Having him introduce an audition means the chances of success will be very high. 
This is an opportunity that many would envy but can’t have. 
Kelvin Norman had never helped a newcomer like this before. 
So when Joanna Lawrence realized that he was giving her the opportunity to advance in the film industry, she was quite surprised. 
Immediately, she said, "Mr. Norman, of course, I am willing. But do you think I am suitable for acting in movies? Acting in movies is different from acting in TV series, right?" 
"Yes, there are some differences." Kelvin pondered for a moment and said, "Being good at acting in TV series doesn’t necessarily mean you’re suitable for movies. Some people are born with a movie face, while others may not be suitable for the big screen. So you have to audition first to see if it suits you." 
"I just give you the chance to audition. How the final results turn out still depends on your performance." 
"If you want to go, I’ll let my friend know in advance, so he can reserve a spot for you. You can audition whenever you have time. After all, the movie won’t start shooting until the second half of the year, so it wouldn’t affect your current TV series schedule." 
"Okay, I will go." Joanna didn’t hesitate much and nodded, "Thank you, Mr. Norman, for giving me such an opportunity. I will perform my best and not let you down." 
Joanna knew very well what Kelvin Norman’s help meant. 
Although he said it casually, how could Joanna take his words for granted. 
It’s obvious that Kelvin was helping her. 
No matter what the outcome, this was still a big favor. 
"Why be so polite? It’s just a small gesture. I’ll talk to him now, and I’ll let you know the specific audition time later." After saying that, Kelvin took out his phone and walked aside. 
Seeing his assistant caring so much about Joanna’s audition, he couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. Norman, are you really going to introduce Joanna to audition for Director Selleck’s movie? She’s just a newcomer, aren’t you overestimating her?"
###Chapter 1451: Chapter 1365: I’m Not So Confused Yet
Before, Mr. Norman had never favored someone like this. 
Thinking about Joanna Lawrence’s overly attractive face, the assistant couldn’t help but worry. 
Could it be that Mr. Norman had some thoughts about her because she’s so beautiful, and that’s why he’s helping her this much? 
After all, he had never helped any female artist like this before. 
But Joanna Lawrence already has a boyfriend. 
And he’s tall, rich, and handsome. 
The assistant had seen their photos on her blog. 
Even though he was Mr. Norman’s number one fan, he had to admit that Joanna Lawrence’s tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend was indeed very handsome and not at all inferior to Kelvin Norman. 
Among the affluent offspring, his looks could be considered top-notch. 
No, even in the entertainment industry, he must be among the top tier. 
With a face suitable for the entertainment industry and wealth and influence, if Mr. Norman really had such intentions, he would be utterly out of luck. 
"If there’s a chance, help her out. Even if I pulled some strings for her, she needs to have the talent to seize the opportunity. I only gave her an audition, and whether Director Selleck will use her or not is out of my control." 
"Besides, given her relationship with Director White, she wouldn’t worry about getting good resources. Her future is destined to be bright and prosperous. I am simply lending a hand." 
"With Director White helping her, I think Mr. Norman, you don’t have to help her this much. You’ve never done this for anyone before. You’re treating her... too well, aren’t you?" The assistant tried to probe and hesitated for a moment, carefully asking, "Mr. Norman, is it because of Director White that you’re treating her so well?" 
Kelvin Norman did not know what his assistant was thinking and said after pondering for a moment, "It’s one of the factors, but not the main one." 
"Then what’s the main reason?" 
"I saw myself in her. She is a very talented actress, hardworking, and willing to study seriously. I think I should give such a newcomer a chance to push her forward. For me, it’s not a big deal, but it may be a very important opportunity for her." 
The assistant was stunned. 
He had been with Kelvin Norman for many years and knew that his own career had taken off smoothly thanks to someone who had supported him back then. 
That person had given him an audition opportunity, and Kelvin Norman had secured the role of Male Lead 2 with that audition. He then went on to win the Best Supporting Actor award at the Golden Globe Awards. 
After winning the award, Kelvin Norman’s value skyrocketed, and a long line of people sought him out for film roles. 
He meticulously chose one or two good scripts from a pile of potential projects, and the films turned out to be both critically acclaimed and commercially successful. 
His career trajectory afterward unfolded like a charm, and he continued to win several Best Actor awards. 
So, Kelvin Norman had always been grateful for the help from that special person. 
As the assistant recalled these events and looked at Kelvin Norman’s clear and unguarded eyes, he gradually relaxed. 
As long as Mr. Norman didn’t have improper feelings for Joanna Lawrence, he wouldn’t worry. 
"What Mr. Norman said is right. I was short-sighted." 
Kelvin Norman smiled, "You thought I didn’t know what you meant? Joanna Lawrence is indeed a good girl, but she already has someone who loves her. I’m not that foolish." 
Assistant: "..." 
Could it be that Kelvin Norman had already known what he was thinking? 
* 
On the other hand, Joanna Lawrence didn’t have much filming to do and could take a break for an hour or two.
###Chapter 1452: Chapter 1366: This is a good thing, not trouble
She returned to her nanny car. 
She originally did not have a nanny car. Madam White had visited her on the film set a few times and saw the other actors were resting in nanny cars, while she was alone under a tree avoiding the sun. Madam White was disturbed by this and immediately allocated a nanny car for her. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t reject her and had no choice but to accept it. 
Having this nanny car really made her a lot more comfortable. 
The nanny car that Madam White prepared for her was very spacious, it had chairs, a small table, and even a small bed inside. 
The nanny car was filled with fruit plates, juices, snacks, and biscuits that Madam White had prepared for her. 
They were all prepared by Madam White and placed in the car early in the morning. 
As soon as Joanna entered the car, she received a call from Linda. 
Answering the call, she greeted: "Linda." 
Given that every time Linda called her it was never good news, Joanna always felt a bit anxious whenever she saw Linda was calling her. 
She always felt that it couldn’t be anything good. 
"Joanna, you are trending again." Linda started, her tone serious. 
Joanna’s heart sank, a feeling of hopelessness and speechlessness surged to her mind. 
She thought she was involved in more scandals. 
"Linda, did I cause any trouble for the company again?" 
"Not this time." Linda paused before continuing, "This time it’s good news, not trouble." 
"Good news?" Joanna mused. 
"Yes, someone complimented you. That should be a good thing, right?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
This was very different from what she had imagined. 
She thought she had stirred up some scandal again. 
"The trailer for your TV series with Kelvin Norman was posted on the Blog. Netizens are all praising your acting skills. I also watched the trailer. I didn’t expect that when you played opposite Kelvin, he didn’t outshine you at all. Your performance in this TV series is much better than I imagined. I always knew that true talent will always shine. How could my judgment be wrong?" 
"The trailer that was released today has already been shared more than a hundred thousand times. I bet that once this TV series is released, the ratings will definitely skyrocket." 
"Maybe this TV series is your ticket to fame." 
Upon hearing Linda’s words, Joanna Lawrence stayed silent for a while. 
She was completely unaware of this. 
Linda said some more words to her, mainly encouraging her to work hard and reassuring her that her future will be better and better. 
A few minutes later, Linda hung up the phone. 
Hearing the sound cut off from her phone, Joanna Lawrence moved the phone away from her ear and immediately opened her Blog. 
As soon as she got in, she saw her trending post. 
#JoannaLawrenceNewDramaGreatActing# 
#KelvinNormanJoannaLawrenceNewDrama# 
All the trending topics related to her were about this new TV series. 
Joanna clicked on the first trending topic, and for the first time, it was not filled with insults. 
Within the trending topic, nearly every post was praising her. 
"The trailer for Joanna Lawrence’s new drama is pretty good. Everyone says she is just a pretty face, but I think her acting skills inside are good." 
"Can I say that at the beginning, I was quite repelled by Joanna Lawrence and Kelvin Norman as a couple? I didn’t think they had any chemistry. But after watching the trailer, I actually thought it was not bad, and they even looked kind of compatible." 
"This should be the first female artist who co-starred with my Mr. Norman and wasn’t outshined by his acting skills. Mr. Norman’s performance naturally doesn’t need to be mentioned, his acting skills are textbook level. But Joanna Lawrence’s performance is truly pleasantly surprising and unexpected. No wonder Mr Norman previously praised her so much and even took her side. Mr. Norman must admire this newcomer very much, that’s why he is helping her."
###Chapter 1453: Chapter 1367: She Finds it Unbelievable
There were many similar posts on the Blog. 
Although there were one or two sarcastic comments accusing her of buying good reviews from online trolls, they were very few in number. 
Most people felt that Joanna Lawrence’s acting skills exceeded their expectations, much better than they had imagined. 
At first, just by looking at Joanna’s appearance, many people categorized her as a brainless vase. 
No one believed she could have any acting skills. 
Having a male lead of a Best Actor level act alongside a newbie vase, just to promote the newbie, made many people disgusted with Joanna. 
So even before the TV series was completed, many people claimed that they would not be convinced even with Kelvin Norman as the male lead, and many said they would definitely not watch the series when it aired. 
But Joanna was not the vase they thought she was. 
Not only did she have acting skills, but her performance was also outstanding and eye-catching among newcomers. 
So when the trailer of the TV series was released, Joanna’s performance in the series surprised many people, who exclaimed about the unexpected. 
They were surprised that the vase actually had acting skills, and good ones at that. 
Even in opposing scenes with a Best Actor like Kelvin Norman, her acting skills did not seem to be overshadowed by him. 
On the contrary, it was precisely because she acted in opposing scenes with Kelvin that her strengths and weaknesses in acting were more easily noticed.
It’s not that there are no actors who have been overshadowed by Kelvin’s acting skills. 
It’s true that acting with him can quickly catapult one to fame, but it’s also true that it’s easy to be criticized when compared to him. 
As a result, many female actresses who have worked with him carry tremendous psychological pressure. 
Joanna is probably the only actress who has worked with Kelvin and praised by both passersby and Kelvin’s fans. 
As a newcomer, her acting skills are often better handled than those of some seasoned actresses who have been in the industry for a long time, except for the occasional immature scene. 
Everyone found it too surprising. 
But because of that, many people who still held prejudices against Joanna changed their views. 
For an actor, using acting skills to gain fans is undoubtedly the best and most effective method. 
Many people were prejudiced against Joanna because they believed she was a vase who got the role of Female Lead 1 through Nepotism, which is unpopular in any industry. 
But if a person who benefits from nepotism is truly talented, that’s another story. 
After reading the netizens’ reviews of her, Joanna’s feelings were similar to Linda’s at that time. 
She found it incredible. 
If she hadn’t been sure that her company hadn’t manipulated her good reviews, she would have thought it was like buying online trolls. 
After looking at the trending post, she opened her Blog account. 
Then she saw her fans had grown significantly. 
Many fans sent her private messages of encouragement, saying she did a great job and were looking forward to her new series. 
Joanna read through all the private messages from her fans and felt a great warmth in her heart. 
This was the first time so many people had messaged her privately to say they liked her and supported her. 
Previously, almost all the private messages she received were scolding her, which made her want to disable the messaging feature at some point. 
"Joanna, the trailer released by the official Blog today is receiving a flood of positive reviews. Netizens are praising your acting skills and you’re even trending on hot search." Nina excitedly said to Joanna, showing her phone.
###Chapter 1454: Chapter 1368: It’s Impossible for You Guys
"Now, I guess no one will say you’re just a vase anymore. That trailer was edited so well, I found it really exciting, and I can’t wait to see the full movie. The crying scene at the end was so powerful; I almost couldn’t hold back my tears." 
"Yeah, I saw that." Joanna looked at Nina’s excited expression, pursed her lips, and asked with a smile, "Do you really think my performance in the trailer was good?" 
"Yes, really." 
Nina nodded, her eyes sincere, "You were great, acting alongside Master Norman without being overshadowed. Joanna, I truly think you were born to do this. You’re so dedicated and emotional in your acting." 
"That’s all thanks to Mr. Norman’s guidance." 
Joanna didn’t shy away from giving credit where it’s due, "He’s so powerful in his acting that I was completely drawn in by him. He’s an excellent mentor, who taught me a lot." 
Nina agreed, "Kelvin Norman is indeed great, but even the best teachers need good students, otherwise their teaching would be wasted. Anyway, my idol is great, and you, Joanna, are also great." 
Joanna smiled, thought for a bit, and then logged into her Blog and reposted the trailer-related post. 
Repost content: JoannaV (Thank you for your support. The full content of the movie is even more exciting. I hope you will give it lots of support when it’s released.) 
As soon as she sent out the repost, many people commented on it. 
"Joanna, we’ve already seen the trailer, and it was amazing. We’re looking forward to the movie being released soon!" 
"Alright, alright, we Joanna’s fans got the message, looking forward to the movie!" 
"Hahaha, the trailer is really fantastic! We hope there will be more trailers in the future. We love to watch them." 
"Joanna, I’m a new fan who was drawn by your acting skills. Keep up the good work; I will always support you." 
Not long after Joanna had reposted the Blog, Kelvin Norman reposted it as well. 
Not only did he not repost the official Blog’s post, but he directly reposted Joanna’s post. 
KelvinV: I guarantee with my own reputation that the full movie is even more exciting; if you don’t think so, you can come find me. Now that everyone has seen Joanna’s performance in the trailer, do you believe that I didn’t deceive you at the beginning? It’s not easy for newcomers, I hope everyone can show more support. 
When Kelvin appreciated someone, he was very willing to help that person. 
Just like he did for Joanna. 
Although this post seemed to be nothing special, 
His last sentence was clearly meant to help Joanna. 
With his current status in the industry, his call for support would definitely help Joanna gain many fans. 
A fan asked him, 
"Mr. Norman, why are you so nice to Joanna, helping her time and time again? You couldn’t have been bewitched by her beauty, right? Wake up, Mr. Norman, Joanna already has a boyfriend; you two are impossible." 
To everyone’s surprise, Kelvin replied to the comment. 
KelvinV: She’s a junior I appreciate; during our time working together in the film crew, she was hardworking, diligent, and most importantly, she has a natural talent for acting. I appreciate her and hope others can see her strengths as well, so that such a good seedling is not buried. My thoughts towards her are just that; everyone please stop speculating. 
A netizen excitedly commented: Wow, Mr. Norman actually replied to me! Okay, okay, got it, I’ll go support Joanna right away.
###Chapter 1455: Chapter 1369: Can you come out for a bit?
Other fans also replied: Mr. Norman, we received your instruction, we’ll go support immediately. 
Kelvin Norman has a large fanbase. 
Less than ten minutes after he retweeted her blog, Joanna noticed her followers skyrocketing. 
In a matter of minutes, she gained several hundred thousand followers. 
The speed of this follower surge left Joanna stunned. 
Knowing that Kelvin had helped her, she was just about to thank him in person when her phone suddenly rang. 
Seeing that it was Benjamin who was calling, Joanna was stunned for a few seconds before answering the call. 
"Joanna, are you still busy?" Benjamin’s voice sounded a bit weary. 
Recalling their previous disagreement, Joanna was silent for a while before answering, "Not particularly, what’s up?" 
Benjamin was silent on the other end for a while before saying, "Joanna, about the last time... I want to apologize to you, it was my misunderstanding. Are you still mad at me?" 
Joanna’s lips tightened. 
Benjamin said he misunderstood her. 
But Joanna knew that it wasn’t a misunderstanding. 
It was what he truly thought at the time. 
Even if there was a misunderstanding, it was because he didn’t trust her enough. 
Joanna knew that she couldn’t compare to Annie. 
In Benjamin’s eyes, only Annie was his biological daughter. 
And her, she was just an adopted daughter. 
Even though Benjamin had been nice to her before, when conflicts occurred between her and Annie, Benjamin would still choose Annie’s side. 
She knew that this was all very normal. 
Even if she were Benjamin’s biological daughter, there would be times when he couldn’t be impartial. 
Not to mention that she wasn’t his biological one. 
But she still felt down, still felt sad, and still cared. 
"Joanna, I misunderstood you last time without understanding the situation. It was my mistake and you suffered because of it. If you’re still upset and don’t want to talk to me, then I... I’ll hang up." 
"Dad, I’m not angry." Hearing Benjamin’s cautious tone, Joanna felt a pang in her heart, she took a deep breath and said, "Did you call me for something?" 
"Yes, there is something." 
Benjamin was silent for a long while, before he finally said, "I came to your film crew to look for you. If you’re not busy right now, can you come out?" 
Joanna was taken aback, "You’re at the film crew right now?" 
"Yes, I’m outside your film crew. They said they can’t let people in casually, so I can only wait for you outside." 
"Wait there, I’ll come out to find you right away." 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna told Nina that she would be back shortly and then went out to find Benjamin. 
She had no idea what was happening that would make Benjamin come to find her at the film crew. 
* 
On her way there, Joanna walked fast. 
She was afraid that Benjamin had encountered some problems, so she almost ran the whole way. 
But when she arrived at the place Benjamin mentioned, and saw from a distance Annie standing next to Benjamin, she paused and then slowed her steps. 
Both Benjamin and Annie saw her coming. 
Benjamin immediately brought Annie towards her. 
"Joanna." 
When they got close, Annie, with her reddened eyes and a layer of tears, pitifully called out. 
When Joanna saw her, her face had already darkened. 
She didn’t respond, just looking at Annie coldly.
###Chapter 1456: Chapter 1370: I Don’t Accept Your Apology
Annie Lawrence bit her lip, her eyes becoming more and more aggrieved and pitiful. She sobbed and timidly called out again, "Joanna." 
Joanna Lawrence wanted to turn around and leave. 
She had no idea that Annie was here at all. 
Benjamin Lawrence hadn’t told her earlier. 
Joanna thought about how she had rushed over here in a hurry and all the worry she had experienced along the way; it seemed ridiculous now. 
No wonder Benjamin Lawrence had come to find her at the film crew. 
It was probably to accompany Annie here. 
After calling out twice without a response from Joanna, Annie, feeling wronged, turned her head and cried out aggrievedly, "Dad, is Joanna still angry with me? She doesn’t seem to want to talk to me." 
"You did something wrong; it’s only natural that your sister is angry with you." 
Although Benjamin Lawrence said this, he looked at Joanna and said, "Joanna, I brought your sister here to apologize to you. She knows she’s made a mistake now and insisted on apologizing to you in person. She’s promised me that she won’t do any more foolish things in the future." 
As soon as Benjamin finished speaking, Annie, rubbing her eyes and crying, said, "Joanna, I’ve told Dad everything, and he’s scolded me severely. I know I’ve done a lot of things that have hurt you, and a simple apology won’t make up for it. But I truly realize my mistake." 
"Ever since I woke up, I’ve been reflecting on myself. I realize now how outrageous my past actions were, and I understand how excessive they were. Joanna, I’m sorry. Please, can you forgive me for the sake of our sisterhood?" 
"I won’t make any more mistakes in the future." 
No matter how heartbroken Annie’s crying was or how sincere her apology sounded, Joanna’s expression remained unmoved. 
She waited in silence for Annie to finish her performance before saying calmly, "Annie Lawrence, I do not accept your apology, and I will not forgive you. So there’s no need for you to apologize to me anymore because, for me, what you think has become meaningless." 
Annie froze, her facial expression stiffening. 
Even the teardrop hanging at the corner of her eye seemed to have been frozen, solidifying in place. 
Joanna glanced at her once more and said clearly and coldly, "If you’re here to apologize, then you can go back now. In the future, unless there’s something special, I think it’s best that we don’t meet again." 
Annie’s facial expression became even more rigid. 
She thought that, in front of Benjamin Lawrence, Joanna would have to consider his feelings and not make the situation too embarrassing. 
That’s why she begged Benjamin Lawrence to come with her this time. 
She hadn’t expected Joanna’s attitude to be so resolute, even with Benjamin present, her words were so absolute.
Annie wasn’t truly aware of her mistakes and didn’t really want to apologize to Joanna. 
What she realized was another matter. 
Now Joanna, having the backing of both the Heath and White families, had a much higher status than before. If she didn’t like someone, ruining their career was just a matter of a word from her. 
In such a situation, Annie couldn’t afford to confront Joanna head-on. 
Annie still wanted to continue in the entertainment industry. 
She was afraid that she would continue to be blocked. 
Only by seeking Joanna’s forgiveness could she avoid being further blocked in the future.
###Chapter 1457: Chapter 1371: How Did You Become Like This Now
So even though she was extremely unwilling in her heart, and even though she still hated Joanna Lawrence so much that it made her teeth itch, she still came to apologize. 
But to her surprise, Joanna didn’t accept her apology. 
"Joanna, you still can’t forgive me?" Annie Lawrence couldn’t give up easily. As she blinked, tears fell from her eyes, and she cried, "I know you won’t easily forgive me, but this time I really want to apologize to you. If you don’t forgive me, I’ll keep apologizing to you until you do."
Joanna sneered at her coldly: "Do whatever you want, but I don’t have time to play along with your act." 
"Joanna, you misunderstood me." Annie sighed as if her words had really hurt her, "I’m not acting. I really want to apologize to you. What do I need to do for you to believe me?" 
"Believe you?" Joanna didn’t want to waste time talking to her, so she impatiently said, "If you kneel down and kowtow to me, I might believe you’re being sincere. If you can’t do that, then just get out of my sight and stop bothering me." 
Upon hearing the words "kowtow and apologize," Annie’s face stiffened and a flash of anger quickly passed through her eyes. 
Joanna was such a little bitch. 
She must have done it on purpose. 
Trying to make her look bad in public. 
Had this been any other time, Annie would have already started cursing. 
But she was the one asking for help now, so even though she hated Joanna to death, she could only swallow her anger. 
She even felt that as long as Joanna didn’t hold a grudge against her for their past, as long as she could continue in the entertainment industry without being blocked, she could endure such humiliation once. 
A gentleman’s revenge is never too late, even after ten years. 
There would always be a chance to take care of that little bitch Joanna. 
"Joanna, if I kowtow and apologize to you, will you forgive me?" Annie bit her lip, her face pale and tears falling from her eyes, looking extremely pitiful. 
In Joanna’s astonished gaze, there was a "thud" and Annie actually knelt down. 
She knelt at Joanna’s feet, raising her head with tears streaming down her face, "Joanna, I’ll kowtow and apologize to you. Will you forgive me?" 
Before Joanna could say anything, Benjamin Lawrence shouted angrily, "Enough! Do you think it’s interesting for a family to fight like this?" 
He walked over and yanked Annie up from the ground. 
"Dad, let me kneel down." Annie pushed Benjamin, crying, "Joanna just said that as long as I’m willing to kneel down, kowtow, and apologize to her, she’ll forgive me. As long as she forgives me, I’ll be willing to do anything." 
Benjamin held her tightly, his face red with anger: "What the hell are you kneeling for? You want others to laugh at our Lawrence family?" 
"But Joanna..." 
"Joanna." Benjamin turned his head and looked at Joanna with a trace of disappointment and sadness in his eyes, "We are a family. Even if Annie isn’t your real sister, you two have grown up together. Now she truly knows her mistake. Can’t you give her a chance to change?" 
"You used to be the kindest and most softhearted. How did you become like this?" 
As Benjamin spoke, he shook his head and sighed. 
Joanna felt a stabbing pain in her heart. She clenched her fists, slowly raised her head, and looked at Benjamin. 
She couldn’t believe that these biased words came from Benjamin’s mouth if she hadn’t heard them herself.
###Chapter 1458: Chapter 1372: Are you not going to acknowledge me either?
"Dad, you’re asking me to forgive Annie just because she said sorry. You’re giving her a chance to change." 
"Do you know what she has done to me before you say those words?" 
"If you know, and still say that, aren’t you being too biased?" 
When Joanna said the last sentence, there was weariness and disappointment in her tone. She mocked herself and curled her lips, "Why am I telling you this? How could you not know all these things? But you chose to help her, didn’t you? Think of me as you like, if you think I’ve changed, then I have changed. I’m not kind or generous now, I’ve disappointed you." 
"I repeat, I won’t accept Annie’s apology, and I can’t forgive her—ever. " 
As Joanna said the last sentence, she looked coldly at Annie without a trace of warmth in her eyes. "I won’t see you again. The bond between us as sisters is long gone. Don’t call me your sister anymore. After all, we’re not related by blood, are we?" 
"Joanna, you..." The color drained from Benjamin Lawrence’s face. "What do you mean? After reuniting with your biological parents, do you want to completely sever ties with the Lawrence family? Since you and I have no blood relations either, do you plan not to recognize me anymore?" 
Joanna cast her eyes downward, her voice emotionless: "That’s not what I mean. Even if I have no blood ties with the Lawrence family, you raised me and I can never forget your kindness. I’ll remember you in this lifetime." 
"You are still my father, but starting from today, Annie and Rose have nothing to do with me. I tried to accept them as my family, only to have the things they did make me realize something." 
"Many things don’t work out as one wishes just because they want a desirable outcome." 
"I don’t have the patience or tolerance to put up with someone who treats me poorly and still be able to live in harmony with them. Some people may do such a thing, but I’m not one of them." 
Joanna looked at her father’s darkening face and laughed at herself: "I’m sorry, Dad, I haven’t become the kind of person you like. I’m not the obedient daughter you think I am. If you came here because of Annie, I’ve made it clear now. Please take her back with you." 
"If you still have any father-daughter affection for me, don’t do this again. I really hate Annie and don’t want to see her anymore. Do you know? Just because of her, my entire day was ruined." 
Annie’s face turned pitch black. 
Seeing Joanna so determined and not caring about their relationship, Annie knew that no matter how she begged, Joanna would never forgive her. 
She was so merciless even in front of Benjamin. 
There was no hope left. 
Annie wasn’t truly apologizing in the first place, only trying to protect her position in the entertainment industry. 
Now that there was no hope, there was no reason for her to continue humiliating herself. 
The expression on her face changed instantly, as she clenched her teeth and said resentfully: "Fine, Joanna, since you’ve said it that way, I don’t want to be your sister anymore either.
###Chapter 1459: Chapter 1373: Consider it as repaying the nurturing grace of the Lawrence family towards you
I don’t have a ruthless and heartless sister like you. I know you’ve become the daughter of the White family now, so you must look down on the Lawrence family. In your eyes, the Lawrence family is just a shameful part of your past. Don’t you just wish you could completely cut ties with us and never have any contact with us again?" 
"Ha, Dad shouldn’t have been softhearted back then to take in you, the ungrateful wretch." 
Joanna listened expressionlessly as her sister spoke, looking at her coldly. 
Annie stared back at her, her eyes full of hatred and unwillingness: "Do you think you’ve won completely now? Do you think your life will always be smooth like this? The wheel of fortune turns, and I’m waiting for the day when you suffer bad luck and become destitute!" 
Joanna didn’t care about Annie’s words. 
For her, Annie was a completely unimportant person. 
Since she was unimportant, Joanna wouldn’t take her to heart. 
Her focus was on Benjamin’s attitude. 
After Annie said those words, Benjamin remained silent and made no public commitment. Joanna understood his attitude then. 
His silence meant that he agreed with Annie’s words too. 
He may also think that his daughter is an ungrateful wretch and has raised her for nothing. 
Now that she is back with the White family and has a better supporter, she may want to break away from the Lawrence family. 
At that moment, Joanna felt both amused and pitiful. 
She didn’t even bother to explain any further. 
With Annie and Rose Liall by Benjamin’s side, it was hard to say how they had been brainwashing him. Combined with his own doubts, once the seed of distrust took root and sprouted in his heart, it would become very difficult for him to trust her again. 
Her heart filled with cold disappointment. 
She didn’t want to stay around to face him and Annie any longer. 
"Feel free to think what you want. I have other matters to attend to; I don’t have time to waste here with you." 
After saying that, Joanna didn’t greet her father and turned around to leave. 
"Joanna." 
She had only walked a few steps when she heard Benjamin’s voice, slightly indifferent and distant. 
Joanna’s face changed, she clenched her lips and stopped in her tracks. 
"Regardless of whether you’re still willing to acknowledge me as your father, you were raised in the Lawrence family. I dare not say that I’ve provided you with a better life, but the years you’ve spent in the Lawrence family haven’t been too bad, have they? It’s not enough compared to the best, but it’s more than enough compared to the worst." 
"Over the years, I’ve never asked you to do anything for me. This time, as repayment for the kindness the Lawrence family has shown you during your upbringing, let your sister go." 
"I heard that you had people block her? Your sister made many mistakes, but by blocking her, aren’t you destroying her entire career? Your sister is still young; even if you want to punish her, isn’t this punishment too heavy?" 
Joanna stood still, her hands by her side slightly clenched. 
She heard Benjamin say, "Let your sister go, and we’ll consider your debt to the Lawrence family settled. Don’t worry, you can live peacefully as the White family’s daughter; no one from the Lawrence family will disturb you. I, Benjamin Lawrence, am not one to cling to power and wealth. Whether you’re the daughter of the White family or have an even more prestigious identity, it means nothing to me." 
Joanna’s figure stiffened, and she remained silent. 
After a long while, she finally spoke with a hoarse voice, "Dad, is that really what you think?" 
"If I let Annie go, my ties with the Lawrence family will be severed?"
###Chapter 1460: Chapter 1374: I’ll go over right now to help you vent your anger.
Benjamin Lawrence didn’t notice the trembling in Joanna Lawrence’s voice. He thought Joanna was afraid that he would still bother her in the future, so she wanted to confirm it with him once more. 
He sneered angrily, "That’s right, if you let your sister go, it’ll be settled with the Lawrence family. If you’re afraid I’ll go back on my word, I can write you a letter of agreement. Will that reassure you?" 
"No need." 
Joanna clenched her fists, her back looked more rigid: "I promise you, don’t worry, I won’t ruin your daughter’s career for the rest of her life." 
"Dad, I never expected that the first time you asked me for something, it would be for this." 
"Although I know you won’t believe me, I still want to say it once more. I didn’t order the block on Annie Lawrence." 
Behind her, Benjamin’s expression changed several times, but he remained silent. 
Annie’s face showed a hint of surprise and joy. 
Joanna never turned around, and after finishing her last sentence, she left quickly without any hesitation. 
* 
When Joanna returned, she ran into Gary White, who was walking straight towards her. 
Gary White had come out specifically to find her. 
Knowing that someone from the Lawrence family had come to see her, he worried that she might have been wronged. However, upon seeing Joanna, he noticed her red eyes. 
Gary White frowned and quickly walked up to her. 
He looked down at her and noticed that her eyes were indeed red, and tears were about to fall. Gary immediately asked with concern, "Joanna, what’s wrong? Who bullied you?" 
Joanna’s mind kept replaying Benjamin’s words from earlier. 
As she struggled to hold back her tears, when she met Gary’s worried gaze, she couldn’t help but let them flow. 
Tears quietly fell from the corners of her eyes. 
Seeing her cry, Gary grew even more anxious. 
He put his hand on her shoulder, his brow deeply furrowed, and his eyes filled with anger, "You just saw someone from the Lawrence family? Did they say something to hurt or wrong you? Joanna, you’re the baby of the White family now, and nobody can hurt or wrong you. If someone from the Lawrence family bullied you, I’ll go over there and stand up for you right now." 
"Brother, I’m fine." The more Gary cared and showed his concern, the more she cried uncontrollably. 
She just couldn’t control it. 
She didn’t feel wronged a moment ago, but in the face of Gary’s care, she suddenly felt incredibly aggrieved. 
Benjamin’s words, every single one felt like a needle piercing her heart. 
Thinking about them just made her heart ache. 
How could Gary believe her? 
She said she was fine, but she kept crying, and her tears were heartbreaking. 
She had obviously been wronged quite a bit. 
Thinking about how Annie Lawrence and Rose Liall had treated her badly in the past, and seeing her cry like a river now, Gary’s face darkened. 
"Was it Annie again? Did she do something to hurt you? Joanna, you are my sister, and we are blood relatives. I hope that you can tell me anything, don’t hide it from me." 
"In front of me, you can say anything." 
"I hope you can treat me like your real brother. Seeing you cry like this, do you know how worried I am as your brother?" 
When Joanna heard the last sentence, she slowly raised her head. 
Her dark eyes were still misty, and she looked wounded and wronged as she gazed at Gary. 
Her eyes were red, and so was the tip of her nose. She called out softly with a tearful voice, "Brother."
###Chapter 1461: Chapter 1375: He Will Regret It Later
This cry truly broke Gary White’s heart, and he couldn’t help but feel heartbroken. 
He reached out and gently embraced Joanna Lawrence, affectionately stroking her head, "Tell me, what exactly happened?" 
Joanna leaned against his chest silently shedding tears. After a while, she wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes and gently pushed him away. 
"Dad brought Annie to see me. Annie apologized to me, but I didn’t accept it." Joanna paused for a few seconds before continuing, "Dad thought that I was the one behind blocking Annie and asked me to let her go, saying that it would repay the Lawrence family for raising me." 
"After that, I and the Lawrence family would be even." 
As Joanna said this, she hooked up the corners of her lips, but her eyes were filled with sorrow: "I agreed. So, I guess I and the Lawrence family are even now." 
Gary White was stunned for a moment.
Seeing Joanna’s current state, he felt even more heartbroken. 
No wonder she had cried so much. 
This time, she must have suffered a great wrong. 
He could tell that Joanna did have feelings for the Lawrence family, which was why she was so sad. 
If she didn’t care at all, she wouldn’t be like this now. 
Gary was somewhat surprised that Benjamin Lawrence would say such a thing. 
He had investigated and found that Joanna’s life in the Lawrence family wasn’t bad. At least, she and Jeremy Lawrence had a decent life for several years before her foster mother passed away. 
After that, Benjamin Lawrence was still quite good to them. 
Not too good, but not bad either. 
After all these years, Joanna certainly had feelings for her foster father. 
But now it seemed that Benjamin Lawrence still favored his biological daughter after all. 
Gary White thought it was a good thing that the White family had found Joanna. 
"Joanna, if your foster father is biased towards his biological daughter and says such things to you, then it’s better to sever ties with the Lawrence family and be done with it." 
Joanna looked at him in surprise. 
Gary White reached out and stroked her head again, gently saying: "It’s not that we, the White family, don’t appreciate the kindness and don’t want to repay him. We’re not afraid that he will fight with us for you. Joanna, I just think that as long as your stepmother and stepsister are by your foster father’s side, you will inevitably suffer more grievances in the future." 
"The relationship between you and your foster father would end this way sooner or later." 
"Since he is the one who actively brought this up, it can’t be said you are ungrateful. Our White family is grateful for him raising you, and we will cherish this kindness. However, if he makes you constantly suffer and hurts your feelings, it’s better to let go of such a home." 
"Your foster father doesn’t cherish you, but your brother does. Dad and Mom will also love you. You lost one home, but you have a new one. Besides, you also have a loving and caring husband, and the Heath family is your home too." 
"With so many people loving and caring for you, don’t be sad for those unworthy people anymore, okay?" 
Joanna’s heart gradually warmed up. 
Moved, her eyes turned red again, and she choked out a single word, "Brother." 
"Good girl, don’t cry anymore." Gary White’s voice was incredibly soft, one hand pinching her face and the other gently wiping away the tear stains on her cheeks, "Joanna, don’t cry, Brother’s here to cherish you. It’s a good thing Mom’s not here. If she saw you crying like this, she would be heartbroken." 
"I think your foster father is just a confused old man. Such a confused person is not worth crying for anymore. He’ll regret it eventually."
###Chapter 1462: Chapter 1376: Comfort Your Wife
When Gary White mentioned Benjamin Lawrence, there was a hint of annoyance in his eyes. 
He genuinely thought that Benjamin Lawrence was a foolish old man.
Because of him, his precious younger sister was so heartbroken. 
Even though the Lawrence family had raised Joanna Lawrence, he still held a grudge against Benjamin Lawrence. 
After crying for a while, Joanna was comforted by Gary White and gradually her emotions calmed down. 
"Brother, I’m fine now. Thank you for being by my side and comforting me," Joanna wiped away the tears on her face, looking much better than before. 
"Don’t be silly, there’s no need to thank your own brother," Gary White lightly tapped on her head, took out a handkerchief from his bag, and carefully wiped her face clean. 
"Alright, don’t think about those unhappy things anymore. I’ll take you to eat something delicious tonight. You like fondue, right? I know a place that has really good fondue, do you want to go?" 
Gary White was trying so hard to comfort her. 
Even though Joanna couldn’t possibly let go of her feelings so fast, she didn’t want Gary White to worry further about her being sad and upset. 
She nodded, "Yes, I want to go." 
"Good, after we’re done with work, I’ll take you there." 
* 
After Gary White brought Joanna back to the film crew, he sent a message to Ashton Heath on Twitter. 
Gary White: Comfort your wife, she just got wronged. 
In the past, when Gary White sent messages to Ashton Heath, he would have to wait a long time for a reply. 
But this time, Ashton Heath replied almost instantly: What did she get wronged for? Who bullied her? 
Gary White clicked his tongue and replied: The one who wronged her is your father-in-law. Did you arrange for Annie Lawrence to be blocked? Today, because of this matter, your father-in-law brought Annie to the film crew to confront Joanna. He demanded that Joanna repay the Lawrence family for raising her and to stop blocking Annie. Your wife cried her eyes out, she must be very upset. Although I, her brother, already comforted her, I think your comfort would be most effective. 
As soon as Gary White told Ashton Heath about it, Joanna received a call from him. 
After picking up, Joanna softly said "hello." 
Her voice was a bit hoarse from crying. 
Ordinary people might not be able to tell, but Ashton immediately noticed that she had been crying. 
With a somewhat cold tone, he said, "I already heard from Gary White. Did Benjamin Lawrence bring Annie to find you?" 
Without waiting for Joanna to answer, he continued coldly, "You should indeed sever ties with the Lawrence family. Benjamin Lawrence does owe you a favor, but he knows full well what Annie has done to you and still shows favoritism, even saying you should repay them for raising you." 
"Such a person is not worthy of being your father." 
Joanna didn’t expect Gary White to tell Ashton Heath about this. 
She felt embarrassed. 
She remained silent for a long while before saying, "Ashton Heath, since you already know about this, can you do me a favor?" 
Ashton Heath guessed what she wanted to say. 
He asked, "You want me to let go of Annie?" 
Joanna replied softly, "Yes." After being silent for a few seconds, she closed her eyes and said, "The Lawrence family has been kind to me. They requested this and I can’t refuse. Can you let go of Annie?" 
Ashton Heath didn’t answer her immediately. 
Joanna quietly waited for his response. After more than ten seconds, she finally heard Ashton Heath’s voice: "Indeed, the grace of raising you cannot be ignored. Fine, I promise you, I won’t interfere in Annie’s affairs anymore."
###Chapter 1463: Chapter 1377: Worried About My Baby
"But with her current situation, even if I don’t interfere anymore, it’s hard for her to clear her name." 
Joanna also knew that it was probably impossible for Annie to make a comeback and resume her previous position. 
Even if Ashton Heath stopped blocking her, others would still be wary of Heath Group and wouldn’t dare to cooperate with Annie easily. 
And since she had previously let Jeremy expose Annie’s affair photos, Annie’s image was ruined, making it even harder for her to recover. 
"Yeah, as long as you don’t interfere anymore. As for the rest, I can’t control it either." 
* 
Joanna didn’t expect Ashton Heath to come. 
Because he had mentioned that he would be very busy recently. 
He had taken time out of his busy schedule to visit her earlier, and after returning to Closia, he had to work several more days to catch up. 
Even when she went back to Closia previously, he was too busy with work to pick her up at the airport, which showed just how busy he was during this period. 
So when she and Gary White finished their meal and were just about to leave, the door of the private room was pushed open, and the familiar figure walked in from outside, which surprised her. 
Her first reaction was that she had seen it wrong. 
After rubbing her eyes and looking up again, she confirmed it wasn’t an illusion when she saw the man who had already walked up to her. 
She blinked, staring at the man in front of her in a daze: "Ashton Heath, how did you get here?" 
"So soon? Did you rush to the airport the moment you received my Twitter message?" Gary White, seeing Ashton Heath, was also startled, and then joked, "It seems that Joanna is really your baby, and with such a loving brother-in-law, I have nothing to worry about." 
"Then I won’t be a third wheel for you two lovebirds. I’ll take my leave first." 
As he said that, Gary White stood up, fastened the buttons on his shirt that had been undone, took his wallet, and walked out of the private room. 
After leaving, he considerately closed the door. 
Now in the private room, there were only Joanna and Ashton Heath. 
Joanna still had a dazed expression on her face. 
It wasn’t until Ashton reached out to hug her into his arms and she felt his familiar scent and warm embrace that Joanna gradually came back to her senses from her stupor. 
She looked up, gazing at his handsome face and the beautifully curved, stern jawline, and asked softly again, "Why are you here? Aren’t you at work? Aren’t you very busy lately?" 
"Yes, at work and very busy." 
Ashton Heath lowered his head, his deep, ink-black eyes fixed on the delicate, exquisite face of the girl in his arms. His voice softened: "But I still wanted to come and see you; otherwise, I wouldn’t feel at ease." 
Joanna’s heart trembled slightly, her eyelashes fluttering involuntarily, and she couldn’t help but ask, "What are you uneasy about?" 
"I’m uneasy about my baby." Ashton Heath frowned slightly, looking at her still somewhat reddened eyes. His distinct, slender fingers gently stroked the corner of her eyes. The thought of her crying so much that her eyes might have swollen made him feel a mix of pity and anger. 
Benjamin Lawrence, that ungrateful fool. 
Ashton Heath would not allow anyone to hurt his beloved, especially not someone like him. 
If not for knowing that Joanna had feelings for him and cared about her foster father, Ashton would have taught him a lesson long ago. 
Joanna was touched by the man’s response. 
She never thought that Ashton Heath would fly to Frankfurt specifically to find her because of this matter.
###Chapter 1464: Chapter 1378: Even if it’s childish, if you like me, I like you
It was all because he said he couldn’t rest easy about her. 
How much must one care for someone to do that? 
Even she herself, she probably couldn’t do it, could she? 
She did like Ashton Heath. 
But her feelings for him were still far from his devotion. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but ask a naive question, "Ashton Heath, why are you so good to me?" 
Ashton Heath surprisingly didn’t criticize her but replied seriously, "You are my wife, the woman I want to treasure for a lifetime. If I’m not good to you, who should I be good to? You’re not allowed to cry anymore, do you want to break my heart?" 
Joanna Lawrence’s eyes stung, and she almost wanted to cry again. 
Actually, the feeling of being wronged had long passed. 
But at this moment, seeing Ashton Heath and hearing his words, she suddenly felt wronged again. 
She couldn’t help but shed some tears. 
"It’s okay, it’s all in the past," Ashton Heath hugged the girl in his arms tightly and whispered, "Don’t think about those unhappy things anymore. Didn’t your husband come to accompany you? Don’t I make you happy when you see me?" 
Joanna Lawrence sniffed, "I’m happy." 
"Then be cheerful," Ashton Heath’s voice became even gentler as he continued to coax her, "I have a gathering tonight, so I can’t stay here for too long. Is there anything you want to do now? I’ll accompany you." 
Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment before asking, "Can you stay here for a few more hours?" 
Ashton Heath checked his watch, "Two or three hours should be fine." 
"Then can you go with me to see a movie? I want to watch ’Three Little Bears.’" 
This was the recently released 3D animated film and Joanna Lawrence had been wanting to see it but hadn’t found the time. 
When she asked Ashton Heath to go with her, she didn’t think he would actually go.
In his eyes, an adult watching an animated film must seem like such a childish act, right? 
Spending an hour or two watching an animated film with her must feel incredibly boring. 
So after asking, Joanna Lawrence prepared herself for rejection. 
She thought even if Ashton Heath rejected her, she wouldn’t feel any worse off. 
"You want to see it?" The man seemed astonished and then asked. 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Yes, I heard it’s pretty good, quite funny and heartwarming." 
"Alright, let’s go watch it now," Ashton Heath took her hand and walked out of the private room, "When I came here, I saw nearby there’s a mall with a movie theater." 
Joanna Lawrence let him lead her out of the private room. 
"You really want to go?" 
"Why wouldn’t I?" Ashton Heath turned and looked at her before smiling, "Don’t you want to watch it?" 
"But, won’t you think it’s childish?" 
"What you like is not childish. Even if it’s childish, if you like it, I like it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Another day was spent being teased by her husband. 
But no matter how much sweet talk she heard from him, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but feel happy at this moment. 
She sweetly smiled and said, "Alright, let’s go now." 
* 
The two watched a movie together, sweet and intimate. 
After the movie, Ashton Heath sent Joanna Lawrence back and then headed for the airport. 
Having Ashton Heath around to accompany her for a while made Joanna Lawrence feel much better. 
After she returned, she took a shower, picked a movie to watch on the couch, and it wasn’t long before she received a Twitter message from Aria Rowlett.
###Chapter 1465: Chapter 1379: Do You Dare to Speak to Brandon Heath Like This?
Sweet Aria: Baby, what should I do!!!!!! 
Through the screen, Joanna Lawrence could sense the urgency from Aria Rowlett. She quickly replied: What happened? 
Aria Rowlett responded immediately: The contrived plot in the overbearing CEO novels finally happened to me. The overbearing CEO’s mother wants to meet me, should I go? If I go, do you think your mother-in-law will hand me a check for five million dollars and ask me to leave her son? 
Joanna Lawrence: ... 
Sweet Aria: But isn’t five million dollars too little?! I think at least another zero should be added, and maybe I would consider it. However, if I compare Brandon Heath to 50 million dollars, I should be able to resist the allure of the 50 million dollars. But, if she were to add another zero, I might waver. 
Joanna Lawrence: ... 
Joanna Lawrence: Did Lady Octavia call you to say she wanted to meet? 
Joanna Lawrence had also considered that Lady Octavia might do this. 
At the banquet that night, Brandon Heath had taken Aria Rowlett home. It was obvious to Joanna that Lady Octavia was very displeased with Aria. 
Even after Joanna married Ashton Heath, Lady Octavia had privately sought her out, trying to persuade her to leave Ashton. 
Moreover, since Aria and Brandon were only in the dating phase, it would be even easier for Lady Octavia to break them up. 
How could she do nothing? 
If she really did nothing, Joanna would feel it was abnormal. 
Sweet Aria: Yes, she called me and wants to meet. I haven’t responded yet. 
Joanna Lawrence thought carefully before replying: What are you thinking? If she really asks you to break up with Brandon, what will you do? Does Brandon know about this? 
After about a minute, Aria Rowlett replied: "He doesn’t know, and I don’t plan to tell him. I’ve decided to go see her and see what she has to say. Even if I refuse this time, she may not give up and will likely want to meet again. If I’m going to have to see her eventually, I might as well go now. Didn’t I just say? If she is willing to write me a check for five hundred million dollars to leave her son, considering the amount of money involved, I might think about it. It just depends on whether or not she is willing to part with the money. 
Joanna Lawrence: ...Are you serious? 
Brandon Heath would likely feel quite hurt if he saw what Aria was telling her. 
He is a potential future president of Australand. 
He has boundless potential. 
Yet, he is worth less than a five hundred million dollar check? 
But Joanna felt that it was unlikely that Lady Octavia would write a check for five hundred million. 
It’s not that she didn’t think her son was worth that much. 
But rather, she didn’t think Aria was worth that much. 
Tens of millions of dollars was likely the limit for Lady Octavia. 
Sweet Aria: As genuine as a pearl! Five hundred million dollars would be enough to last a lifetime. Wouldn’t you be tempted? 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh a bit: If you really think like this, does Brandon know that the value you place on him is much less than five hundred million? 
Sweet Aria: But I’m really afraid of having a difficult mother-in-law. Although the heartthrob is great, freedom is worth more. Wouldn’t it be nice to take the five hundred million, buy mansions, luxury cars, hang out with young idols? Just thinking about it puts me in bliss. It’s so tempting. 
Joanna Lawrence: ...Would you dare to say that to Brandon’s face? 
Sweet Aria: ...I wouldn’t dare. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but laugh. 
She knew that Aria was a bit of a coward. 
Aria and according to Ashton, Brandon isn’t as easy-going as he seems on the surface. In matters of the heart, he’s quite overbearing and dominant.
###Chapter 1466: Chapter 1380: I Won’t Let Myself Suffer a Loss
Otherwise, how could he and Ashton Heath be blood brothers? 
They grew up in the same environment, with the same blood flowing in their bodies, so how different could their personalities be? 
It’s just that Brandon Heath is a few years older than Ashton Heath, and has been working in such a profession, so he appears more composed and reserved. 
But in essence, many things between the two brothers are quite similar. 
So even if Aria Rowlett really agreed to Lady Octavia’s request to leave Brandon Heath, he wouldn’t let her go easily. 
Joanna Lawrence thought of Lady Octavia’s character and frowned as she sent another Twitter message to Aria: Aria, send me the address when you get there and call me immediately if something happens. 
She didn’t think Lady Octavia would do anything to Aria during this meeting. 
Even though she may not like Aria, she wouldn’t blatantly do something to her. 
Telling Aria was just to be on the safe side. 
Aria quickly replied: Okay, I know. Don’t worry, I won’t let myself be taken advantage of. 
Reading her reply, Joanna was a bit worried. 
Aria’s character indeed wouldn’t let herself be taken advantage of, and she wasn’t the kind of person who would let others manipulate her easily. 
But Lady Octavia was not a simple character either. 
* 
After ending the conversation with Joanna, Aria casually changed her clothes and headed out. 
During the weekend, she didn’t stay at school like before but stayed at Brandon Heath’s place instead. 
Coming downstairs, Ria saw her going out and asked: "Ms. Aria, are you going out? Will you be back for dinner tonight?" 
Aria thought for a moment and nodded: "Yeah, I should be. I’ll call you later." 
"Alright." 
After asking, Ria went to arrange for a driver to send her off. 
* 
The meeting place Lady Octavia arranged was at a high-end clubhouse. 
Upon arriving, Aria had just gotten out of the car when a waiter approached her and asked: "Are you Ms. Aria?" 
Aria looked at the approaching waiter, hesitated for a moment, and said: "Yes." 
"Please follow me, Ms. Aria." The waiter gestured for her to follow and led the way. 
Aria followed her into the Luxe Lounge. 
The Luxe Lounge was large, and a few minutes after entering, the waiter finally stopped outside a private room. 
With a slight bow, she smiled and said: "Ms. Aria, Lady Octavia is waiting for you inside, please come in." 
As she said that, she opened the door of the private room slightly. 
Aria stood outside for a few seconds, took a deep breath, and pushed open the door. 
Entering, she saw Lady Octavia already sitting inside. 
This was the second time Aria saw Lady Octavia. 
At the banquet that night, Lady Octavia dressed glamorously, looking graceful and luxurious. 
Today, even though she wore casual clothes, her nobility still couldn’t be hidden. 
Aria had an instinctual fear of wealthy and noble ladies like her. 
As soon as she saw Lady Octavia, she thought of the clichéd scenes in overbearing CEO novels. 
She was even prepared for a check to be slapped in her face. 
"Ms. Aria, you are here," 
Seeing Aria, Lady Octavia’s attitude was still polite, she didn’t give her an attitude, nor did she try to intimidate her. 
The expression on her face could even be described as kind. 
But, Aria wouldn’t be foolish to think that Lady Octavia was truly a kind person. 
If she was really that kind, this meeting wouldn’t be happening. 
Aria had seen people who hid knives behind their smiles before, after all.
###Chapter 1467: Chapter 1381: It’s Best If You Two Separate
However, regardless of whether Lady Octavia’s politeness was genuine or feigned, Aria Rowlett made sure to maintain face. 
She slowly walked over and smiled at Lady Octavia: "Lady Octavia, hello." 
"Ms. Aria, please have a seat." Lady Octavia pointed to the seat across from her, "I’m not sure what type of coffee you like, Illy Coffee, is that fine?" 
Aria Rowlett sat across from Lady Octavia. 
Lady Octavia poured a cup of freshly brewed coffee for her, and Aria immediately accepted it: "Thank you, Lady Octavia." 
"There’s no need for formality, Ms. Aria." 
Lady Octavia also poured herself a cup of coffee, her delicate, jade-like fingers were clearly well cared for, a testament to her privileged upbringing. After taking a sip from her porcelain-white coffee cup, she spoke in a unhurried tone: "Ms. Aria, how do you find the taste of this coffee?" 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
The thing she disliked most was Lady Octavia’s tendency to beat around the bush when speaking. 
Situations that could be addressed directly often ended up wrapped in layers of irrelevant small talk before finally getting to the point. 
"It tastes good." Aria took a symbolic sip and couldn’t really tell what the specific taste was, responding casually. 
She was not a big fan of coffee. 
She didn’t know much about coffee either. 
So no matter how good a cup of coffee was, to her, they all tasted quite similar. 
She was an impatient person, who liked to tackle problems directly. Seeing that Lady Octavia was still leisurely sipping her coffee, seeming unprepared to address the actual matter, she couldn’t help but ask: "Lady Octavia, may I ask why you needed to see me?" 
Only then did Lady Octavia raise her eyes, giving her a slow look. 
Aria pursed her lips and said, "Lady Octavia, can you just tell me what it is that you need?" 
"It seems Ms. Aria is an impatient person." Lady Octavia hooked her lips, slowly put her coffee cup down on the table, and then took out a handkerchief to dab the corner of her mouth. 
"Since Ms. Aria does not like beating around the bush, I’ll just be straightforward. I assume Ms. Aria predicted that I wanted to see you for a specific reason." 
"Ms. Aria, since you are involved with my son, you should know what he does for a living. Honestly, with your physical appearance, it’s quite easy to make others attracted to you. My son, Brandon, has focused all his thoughts on his work all these years, leaving his experience in the emotional realm close to none." 
"So, it’s completely normal for him to lose his control momentarily upon meeting a beautiful woman like you." 
"Ms. Aria, I suppose you are the first woman in his life, and thus you hold a special place in his heart. But men are just like that, momentarily fascinated, believing it’s true love, thinking that life would be eternal together, but after some time, when they sober up, they no longer think that way." 
"Given Brandon’s status, he will never lack attractive women around him. Ms. Aria, your commendable appearance wouldn’t be a unique asset anymore. He is my son, and I know him best. When he likes you, he genuinely does. But once he doesn’t, he really will have no feelings for you." 
"But by then, Ms. Aria, you will surely have fallen deeper in love with him. If he wants to break up with you by then, naturally, you will be heartbroken and in agony." 
"So I think it’s best for you two to break up while neither of you is too deeply involved. Of course, Ms. Aria, since you have spent time with my son, I will not let it go uncompensated. This is a token of my appreciation, I believe this money will not make you feel wronged."
###Chapter 1468: Chapter 1382: Don’t end up with nothing in terms of both people and wealth
Lady Octavia skillfully took a check out of her bag and placed it on Aria Rowlett’s table. 
Aria gripped her coffee cup, her hands trembling, and clenched her teeth. With great effort, she suppressed the anger surging to her head. 
She looked up, glaring at Lady Octavia. 
Lady Octavia met her angry gaze, hooked her lips, and, maintaining her elegant and composed demeanor, spoke slowly, "Ms. Aria, why not take a look at this check first? I know that your family isn’t well-off, and you don’t have much yourself. You’re still young, and there will be many more times when you will need money. Accepting this check will only bring you benefits, no harm. I think you should take it." 
"You wouldn’t want to end up losing both love and money, right?" 
Aria looked at the condescending Lady Octavia sitting opposite her. After staring for a few seconds, she suddenly laughed. 
She picked up the check on the table, glanced at it, and laughed again. 
Lady Octavia frowned, "What are you laughing at?" 
Aria flicked her finger on the check and looked at the sum that would make any ordinary person ecstatic, but her eyes remained unmoved, "What is this, a consolation prize for my hard work? Wow, so much money. There are actually ten million dollars." 
After saying this, Aria wanted to laugh at herself. 
She had thought that, at the very least, Lady Octavia would give her 50 million dollars. 
But her expectation was slapped in the face. 
Looking at the ten million dollars on the check, Aria felt deeply insulted and despised. 
Back when Brandon Heath compensated her, he gave her 50 million dollars. 
Now, Lady Octavia wants to send her away with just ten million dollars? 
And with that patronizing tone and superior attitude, it seemed as if giving this ten million dollars was already a great favor to her. 
Aria felt angry. 
How could Lady Octavia look down on her so much? 
Aria had thought that she would take out a five hundred million dollar check to slap her face and make her leave Brandon Heath. 
At that time, she planned to pretend to be reluctant, wait for Lady Octavia to slap the check on her face for the second time, threaten her with words, and then Aria would act weak and pitiful, pretending to be heartbroken, accepting the check due to coercion, and leaving her beloved man unwillingly. 
According to the plot in novels, after she left, Aria would suddenly discover that she was pregnant with Brandon Heath’s child. 
Then, she would go to another country with the baby in her belly. 
Many years later, she would return to the country with her genius baby and, under certain circumstances, meet Brandon Heath again. 
Brandon would notice the child who looked so much like him, grow suspicious, and, after various investigations, find out that the child was his. 
Then, they would go through ups and downs, eventually see through each other’s hearts, and overcome all obstacles to be together. 
Aria had already planned out her plot. 
However, Lady Octavia’s ten million dollars, even if slapped on her face twice or thrice, she felt she couldn’t accept it. 
It was too little... 
When she said "so much," she meant it sarcastically.
But Lady Octavia didn’t catch the sarcasm, thinking that Aria was genuinely surprised by the ten million dollars. 
Lady Octavia sneered silently, her eyes filled with disdain as she pursed her lips. 
It was, after all, a result of her upbringing and growing up in poverty. 
This ten million dollars must be an astronomical figure to her. 
No wonder she had never seen so much money in her life and couldn’t help but be happy about it. 
"Since you were with Brandon for a while and were his first woman, I, of course, won’t mistreat you.
###Chapter 1469: Chapter 1383: Are You Insisting on Going Against Me?
"This money is enough to last you a lifetime. Take the money and leave Brandon, and never contact each other again." 
"Lady Octavia." 
Aria Rowlett grasped the cash and lowered her eyes for a moment before looking up with disdain. "Before I came today, I thought I could get a huge severance payment. If I had known that Lady Octavia didn’t have much money, I wouldn’t have come." 
Lady Octavia maintained her superior expression, but a few seconds later, her face tensed and she snapped, "What did you say? You think the money is too small? Ms. Aria, I advise you to be content and not think that the Heath family has money, so you can just demand any price." 
"This amount is already more than enough for you. If I were you, I’d take the check and quietly leave. Ms. Aria, I’m advising you once more: be tactful and don’t end up losing both your dignity and wealth."
"Honestly, your social status and family background aren’t worthy of my son. Brandon will eventually get married and have children, but the woman who will build a family with him definitely won’t be you. Since it’s destined to end, you’d better take the money and leave now. If you wait for him to break up with you, you might not get anything." 
"You’re a smart person, you should know how to choose." 
After listening, Aria Rowlett smiled again. Though she was obviously angry, her voice remained surprisingly calm: "Lady Octavia, it’s not that I think the money is too little, but the severance payment you’re offering is really too small. Your son is much more generous than you, giving me access to his several-million-dollar card without any hesitation, and immediately providing me with a second one when he worried the first wouldn’t be enough." 
"When I’m with your son, he buys me whatever I want, and I hardly have to think twice about spending his money. Your ten million dollars holds little attraction for me. Therefore, I’m sorry, but I cannot agree to your request." 
"What are you saying?" Lady Octavia froze, her face quickly turning blue with rage. 
"Lady Octavia, whether Brandon has a temporary interest in me or he wants to break up with me in the future, that’s between him and me. There’s only one way I’d part with him: if I lose interest and don’t want to be with him anymore." 
"If he tells me personally that he doesn’t like me anymore and wants to break up, I wouldn’t cling to him." 
"But whether we part or stay together isn’t up to you. Even if you’re his mother, you can’t interfere in his private life." 
Lady Octavia’s face turned an even deeper shade of blue. 
"Ms. Aria, are you determined to oppose me?" 
"Lady Octavia, this isn’t about opposing you. I’m simply telling you that I cannot accept your request. I can leave Brandon, but only if he’s the one to ask me for a breakup. No one else can dictate that." 
After finishing this sentence, Aria Rowlett picked up the check and tore it to pieces under Lady Octavia’s murderous gaze. 
Afterwards, she brushed the fragments from her lap, stood up and said, "Lady Octavia, thank you for inviting me for coffee. I have some other matters to attend to, so I won’t be staying any longer. Enjoy." 
Aria Rowlett didn’t look at Lady Octavia’s face as she left the private room and walked out. 
* 
She walked out of the Luxe Lounge, took a deep breath, and exhaled the frustration that had accumulated in her chest. 
Before leaving, she resisted looking at Lady Octavia’s expression.
###Chapter 1470: Chapter 1384: Did the Overbearing Boss Possess the Female Lead 1?
But she could imagine it. 
Lady Octavia must have been infuriated; she might even still be smashing things at the moment. 
Because as soon as she walked out of the private room, she heard something shattering inside. 
However, Aria Rowlett found it quite refreshing. 
Especially when tearing the cheque, it gave her an inexplicable pleasure. 
She thought to herself, no wonder the female leads in those overbearing boss novels love to tear cheques. 
Because when tearing them, it’s genuinely exhilarating. 
After having torn it, she felt much better. 
Aria Rowlett was still immersed in the pleasure of tearing the cheque; she sent a Twitter message to Joanna Lawrence: Baby, I just did something extremely satisfying. Do you know what it is? 
Joanna Lawrence was probably also playing with her phone, and replied instantly. 
Fluffy Cutie: What did you do? 
Sweet Aria: I tore the cheque. I tore it in front of Brandon Heath’s mom, and threw it on the ground. You should have seen her face then, it turned green. Hahaha, when I think about it, I feel so satisfied and refreshed. 
Fluffy Cutie: Are you possessed by the overbearing boss’s female lead? 
Sweet Aria: Hahaha, I just wanted to know what it feels like when a female lead in an overbearing boss novel tears a cheque. I didn’t expect it to feel so good. 
Fluffy Cutie: So you’ve already left? 
Sweet Aria: Yeah, I left. I guess Lady Octavia is even more determined to separate me from her son now. Do you think she’ll use some dirty tricks to force me to leave her son, just like in those overbearing boss novels? 
Fluffy Cutie: Don’t think too much about it. I believe Brandon Heath can handle everything. I think you should tell him what happened and let him deal with it. 
Sweet Aria: We’ll see. I’ll consider it. 
Aria Rowlett didn’t want to tell Brandon Heath about it. 
She knew that Brandon Heath was not a mama’s boy. 
But how could he handle such a situation? 
He was already busy enough with work, and Aria Rowlett didn’t want to bother him with these trivial daily matters. 
After chatting with Joanna Lawrence for a bit, she got into the black Bentley car that had been waiting for her outside. 
As soon as she got in, Brandon Heath called. 
Aria Rowlett answered. 
"Aria, where are you? I heard from Ria that you went out?" 
"Yeah." Aria Rowlett looked outside the window. "I’m in the city center, about to head back. Do you need anything?" 
"No, I just wanted to call and hear your voice. What did you do in the city center, meet a friend?" 
Aria Rowlett’s heart suddenly raced at the casual words spoken by the man in such a light tone. 
The phrase "wanted to hear your voice" made her feel like she had eaten a piece of honey candy, making her heart somewhat sweet. 
When she didn’t know him well yet, she thought he was teasing her on purpose. 
But now that she knew him, she realized he wasn’t teasing her at all; after all, he was an iron-straight guy who had no clue what teasing meant. 
But precisely because of this, Aria Rowlett was especially moved. 
She lifted the corner of her lips and said with a smile: "Yes, meeting a friend." 
There was silence on Brandon Heath’s end for a moment before he asked: "Just meeting a friend?" 
Aria Rowlett found his question a bit strange: "Yes, why?" 
"Nothing, just go home early if you’re not busy. I have a flight tomorrow morning to go abroad for a few days. Do you want any gifts? I’ll bring them back for you." 
Aria Rowlett thought that Brandon Heath was really an iron-straight guy. 
The kind who had no idea how to be in a relationship, an iron-straight man.
###Chapter 1471: Chapter 1385: I know best whether she’s suited for me or not.
Who does that, straight up asking her what gift she wants? 
Isn’t the point of a gift that he picks it out himself and then surprises her with it? 
If she tells him exactly what she wants, there wouldn’t be any surprise left. 
Considering this is his first relationship, Aria Rowlett couldn’t bring herself to mock him too much. 
After giving it some thought, she replied: "Just bring whatever you think is good." 
"Alright, I’ll see if I can find something special when I get there." 
"In that case, safe travels." 
The two didn’t talk for long before Brandon Heath ended the call. 
* 
In the Luxe Lounge. 
After Aria Rowlett left, Lady Octavia made a phone call. 
It was quickly connected, and a respectful voice came through: "Lady Octavia." 
Lady Octavia clenched the cup in her hand, her face a mix of coldness and anger. "As for that matter, go ahead and handle it now." 
Initially, she didn’t want things to turn so extreme. 
If that Aria Rowlett doesn’t know how to appreciate acts of kindness, then there was no need to hold back. 
After giving her orders, Lady Octavia hung up, but her phone rang again immediately. 
She looked at the caller ID with hesitation, only answering after a few seconds. 
"Brandon, what made you call me?" Lady Octavia frowned, her face darkened. 
Not long after Aria had left, her son Brandon called her. Could it be that Aria reported her? 
Thinking of this, Lady Octavia’s complexion darkened even more. 
"Mom, did you meet with Aria?" 
At Brandon’s question, Lady Octavia’s face immediately contorted: "Did Aria Rowlett call you? What did she say?" 
"So, you did meet with her." 
"What, did she complain about me to you? I always knew she was no good, she hasn’t even entered the Heath family yet and she’s already trying to divide Aria and her kid." 
"Mom, Aria didn’t say anything. She told me she only went out to meet a friend, you misunderstood her." 
"She didn’t say anything?" Lady Octavia snorted coldly. She wasn’t buying it, "If she didn’t, how would you know I met with her? Brandon, why are you defending this kind of woman with hidden intentions? She’s not suited to stand by your side." 
"Mom." Brandon fell silent for a moment, and when he spoke again, his tone wasn’t as patient, "Whether or not she’s suitable for me, I know best. I hope you won’t contact her anymore. She’s only nineteen, still a child, you could scare her." 
The more Brandon defended Aria, the angrier Lady Octavia became. 
Her sons, who were always well-behaved and respectful towards her, began to go against her once women entered their lives, no longer heeding her words. 
Both of them, only thinking of protecting their women. 
She originally thought that Brandon would be different, that he wouldn’t be as foolish as Ashton. 
To her dismay, it seemed like even her eldest son was bewitched. 
The color drained from Lady Octavia’s face from anger: "She might be young in age, but her plotting is no less than people much older. At such a young age, she already knows how to take shortcuts to reach the top, and you’re saying she’s still a child? Brandon, for all your actions, I’ve let you be, but I would never allow you to take control of this matter." 
"I will not accept your relationship with Aria Rowlett." 
"Mom, when I brought Aria home, it was just to introduce her to
###Chapter 1472: Chapter 1386: I Suggest You Calm Down
"Because she’s the one I love, I hope my family can also like her. It’s best if you can like her, but if you don’t, I’ll bring her home less often in the future." 
Brandon Heath’s tone was light, but his words were not as casual: "But whether you accept her or not, I won’t break up with her. I’m dating her with the intention of getting married. If everything goes well, I will marry her." 
"I hope our relationship can have your blessing." 
"Marry? Have you lost your mind? You actually think of marrying a woman like that. Do you not care about your future career, are you not afraid of being laughed at for marrying such a woman? I will never bless you, and I will never agree to your marriage with her." 
Brandon Heath said he wanted to marry Aria Rowlett, which infuriated Lady Octavia to the point of nearly having a heart attack. With an ashen face and lost grace, she shouted into the phone: "If you insist on marrying her, then we will break off our mother-son relationship!" 
There was silence on Brandon’s end for a while. 
After saying those words, Lady Octavia also felt a bit guilty. 
Of course, she didn’t want to break off her relationship with her son, nor had she ever thought about it. 
She said these words out of a mix of anger and spite, with a hint of threat. 
Because she felt that her two sons still cared about her. 
They wouldn’t abandon their biological mother for a woman. 
Especially Brandon, who had grown up disciplined and well-behaved, the so-called "good child" in others’ mouths, and had always been filial to Lady Octavia. 
So Lady Octavia thought that using such words as a threat might be somewhat effective. 
But even though Ashton Heath and Brandon were her sons, whom she had raised, she didn’t truly understand them. 
Ashton and Brandon were indeed filial sons. 
But they wouldn’t be foolishly filial. 
Both were very determined individuals, not willing to compromise in any way when it came to their own major life events. 
They both knew clearly what they wanted. 
Once they had determined what they desired, no one could sway them – not even their own biological mother, Lady Octavia. 
But Lady Octavia thought she could sway them. 
That’s why she used the threat of "breaking off the mother-son relationship." 
"Mom, I think you’re being impulsive right now. I suggest you calm down. Also, I think you can try to get to know Aria better. You’ll find she’s a really good girl." 
"I have a meeting later, I’m hanging up now." 
As soon as Brandon finished speaking, he hung up the phone. 
Listening to the disconnected tone from her phone, Lady Octavia’s face contorted with anger. 
One son was like this. 
And the other son was like this too. 
All of them were bewitched by these shameless sirens, not even taking their own biological mother seriously anymore. 
If they marry such women into the Heath family, would there be any more peace? 
They were all a bunch of femme fatales, only going to harm her sons. 
Since they refused to break up on their own, she would have to resort to other methods to separate them. 
Anyway, that Aria girl could never be with her son!
* 
Ashton Heath promised Joanna Lawrence not to continue blocking Annie Lawrence. After returning, he informed Cody Aberton. 
Cody Aberton also informed the insiders and stopped the blocking of Annie Lawrence.
###Chapter 1473: Chapter 1387: No One Is Blocking Me
However, Annie Lawrence’s luck did not turn around, and her career did not recover as she had hoped. 
Although Ashton Heath no longer blocked her, the impact from the scandals she caused and the collapse of her moral image had already taken its toll. 
She was labeled a "homewrecker," and her personal ethics as an artist were called into question. 
For any artist, maintaining a positive image is extremely important. 
If an artist’s morality suffers serious damage, it becomes difficult for audiences to accept them again. 
There have been cases of popular artists losing their fame after scandals came to light. 
After Annie Lawrence’s scandals, advertisers who had signed with her terminated their contracts, and those who hadn’t signed dared not to cooperate with her. 
Major brokerage companies also refused to take her in. 
Though Ashton Heath had withdrawn the blockade order, others knew she was once blacklisted by the president of the Heath Group, making it difficult for them not to hesitate before signing her. 
For a while, Annie found her predicament just as it had been before the block. 
She could not find work. 
Nor could she find a brokerage company willing to sign her. 
Even though she had reduced the signing fee by more than half, no company dared to sign her. 
After being rejected by another brokerage company, she angrily threw her phone to the ground. 
"What’s going on, honey? Are there any more updates?" Rose Liall was even more anxious than Annie Lawrence about finding work. 
Annie had indeed made a good amount of money during those two years of popularity. 
However, most of that money had been used to pay off breach-of-contract penalties, some of which were still outstanding. If she couldn’t find work soon enough to repay the rest, she would be sued in court by partners. 
If she were sued, it would deal yet another blow to her career. 
Of course, Annie could not let that happen. 
So she was urgently looking for work, but her efforts had been met with rejection after rejection. 
Seeing her silent and looking down, Rose Liall knew there was no good news and furrowed her brow, "How could this happen? Didn’t you say that little bitch Joanna Lawrence promised your father not to block you anymore? Was she lying to him, agreeing on the surface, but still secretly sabotaging you?" 
Annie clenched her lips with an ashen expression, staying silent for a while before shaking her head,"No, no one’s blocking me." 
Despite disliking Joanna Lawrence, Annie knew whether she was still being blocked or not. 
She wasn’t unable to find work because she was being blocked. 
She thought about the reasons and guessed that it was likely due to her previous scandals. 
Someone had hacked her blog account and stole pictures from a long time ago, posting them using her account. 
Those photos became ironclad evidence of her cheating on David Benington. 
When an artist is exposed in an affair scandal, it has a particularly significant impact on their career. 
If signed with a powerful brokerage company, they could rely on image restoration to slowly regain their footing. 
Without a strong brokerage company, it is generally very difficult to make a comeback. 
Annie Lawrence was in this situation, without a brokerage company. 
She didn’t have a team to cleanse her image. Without restoring a positive image, no one would risk working with her. 
"If no one is blocking you, why are things like this?"
###Chapter 1474: Chapter 1388: All The Pride’s Capital is Gone.
Rose Liall fretted, "This can’t go on like this forever. There are countless newcomers entering your circle every day. If you don’t maintain exposure for a long time, you’ll quickly be forgotten." 
"By the time you want to make a comeback, it will be difficult." 
"Annie, you must find a way. We can’t continue like this." 
"Otherwise, ask your father again ..." 
"Enough, Mom, stop talking." Annie Lawrence looked bothered and said impatiently, "I’m annoyed enough as it is, don’t keep nagging in my ear. Could you give me a break?" 
Rose Liall’s face became stiff. 
Although she was anxious, she could see that Annie Lawrence was in a bad mood. She moved her lips, but in the end, she didn’t continue speaking. 
"Okay, okay, I’ll leave now and give you some peace. I’ll go down and check if the soup is ready. You’ve not been eating or sleeping well these days, you have to drink some soup to replenish." 
Annie Lawrence ignored Rose Liall’s chatter. Her face was gloomy as she stared dully at the shattered phone screen on the floor. 
Rose Liall gave her a worried glance, then slowly walked out of the bedroom. 
Annie Lawrence is now her only source of reliance and hope. 
She still hoped to live a good life in the future. 
* 
After Rose Liall left, Annie Lawrence sat on the edge of the bed in a daze. 
Thinking about her glorious days and comparing it with the present, she felt a great sense of disparity. 
She couldn’t accept her present life at all. 
Not long ago, she was the winner in life in the eyes of others. 
Love, career, everything was progressing smoothly, everyone around her was envious. 
But now... 
Everything has changed. 
All the pride that she took in herself, all gone. 
Now, she is seen as a pitiful person by others. 
Dumped by her boyfriend, career not going smoothly, both love life and career are in a mess. 
And the cause of all this was that wretch Joanna Lawrence! 
On the other hand, Joanna Lawrence has now easily become the winner in life. 
She has the status of a wealthy young lady, has a top-tier director as her elder brother, and also has a boyfriend of unparalleled status. 
That man was so noble that Annie Lawrence didn’t dare to wish for him. 
To her, such a man was like an unattainable god. 
Yet, such a man has become Joanna Lawrence’s boyfriend. 
And he adores Joanna Lawrence so much. 
How can she accept this? 
What she found even more unacceptable was that Joanna Lawrence had an impressive real identity. 
She originally thought that Joanna Lawrence’s biological parents were convicts on the run. But it turned out, they aren’t criminals, but a prestigious family in Closia. 
With this social status, Joanna Lawrence has a good family background that can match up with the young master of the Heath family. 
With this social status, Joanna Lawrence can easily marry into the Heath family, marrying the man she dreams of. 
All the things she never dared to dream of came true for Joanna Lawrence effortlessly. 
Sometimes, Annie Lawrence really felt that God was unfair. 
Why is Joanna Lawrence, that wretch, so smooth sailing now? 
While she has ended up like this. 
Annie Lawrence was full of hatred. She went to the edge of the bed, took a small figure with needles stuck in it from under the pillow. 
She pulled out the needles, her eyes filled with intense hatred, and then viciously stabbed it back into the heart of the small figure.
###Chapter 1475: Chapter 1389: You can go to find him anytime
While stabbing, she gritted her teeth and cursed, "Slut, die! Why haven’t you died yet!" 
"I won’t be defeated by you! You made me like this, I won’t let you go!" 
"Even if I die, I want to drag you down with me, you bitch!" 
The little doll wore a shirt, on which Joanna’s name was stitched. 
The cloth doll was riddled with pinholes all over its body from head to toe. One could imagine how many times Annie had stabbed it. 
Annie vented all her hatred onto the doll. 
After stabbing for a while, her entire body was covered in sweat. 
Only when she felt the soreness in her hand did she pant and throw the doll onto the bed. 
At this moment, her phone, which she had thrown on the ground, rang. 
Annie caught her breath for a moment and then picked up the phone from the ground. 
She looked at the Caller ID, paused for a second, and answered the call after a few seconds. 
The person who called her was an agent named Jessica Foster, whom she’d worked with briefly back when she was at Galaxy Agency. 
Only a few days of working together, she had terminated her contract with Galaxy Agency afterwards. 
"Annie, I heard from a friend that you’re looking for work now?" Jessica asked as soon as the call was connected. 
Annie hadn’t been in contact with anyone from Galaxy Agency since she left. 
The fact that Jessica called her was a bit surprising and strange. 
After a few seconds of silence, she replied, "Yes. Jessica, do you have something for me?" 
"Yes, there’s something. I’m just wondering if you’ve found a job yet. If not, I can introduce you to one here. It depends if you’re interested or not." 
Annie was startled a little, surprised, "Jessica, are you introducing me to a job?" 
Annie wasn’t particularly close with Jessica. 
They hadn’t been in touch since she left Galaxy Agency. 
The sudden call from Jessica about a job offer made Annie both surprised and puzzled. 
Jessica was not known to be particularly warm-hearted. 
"Well, Annie, I just heard that you’re looking for work. I happen to have a job offer here for you, so I thought I’d ask if you’re interested. Of course, if you’ve already found something, then just ignore me." 
"Thank you, Jessica. I haven’t found anything yet. If you have something suitable for me, I’d love to take it. What kind of job are you looking to introduce to me?" 
To Annie, Jessica’s call was like a life-saving straw. 
Although she didn’t know what job Jessica was offering her, she figured she would take it as long as it was not too bad. 
She needed exposure right now. 
Not appearing in front of her audience for a long time, she was afraid that she would soon be forgotten. 
Jessica was silent for a while before speaking again, "Annie, do you still remember Mr. Green from the Dark Green Company? When you first debuted, Mr. Green took an interest in you. But after you started seeing Mr. David, he had to give up." 
"Now that you and Mr. David have broken up, Mr. Green has heard about the difficulties you’re facing recently and is very concerned about your situation. So, he asked me to check if there’s anything he can help you with. If there is, feel free to go to him anytime." 
Before Jessica could finish her words, Annie’s face could not look any more displeased. 
She was so angry that she wanted to hang up the phone right away. 
But before hanging up, she had to scold Jessica fiercely.
###Chapter 1476: Chapter 1390: Her Only Choice
If it were before, she would definitely do that. 
But when she thought about her life during the time she was blocked and how she was rejected time and time again by her previous partners today, even if she was trembling with anger, she clenched her lips and desperately suppressed her anger. 
Jessica Foster was still talking: "Annie, considering we’ve been colleagues before, I think you should seize the opportunity. It’s all thanks to Mr. Green that he’s helping you out of old feelings. With your current situation, I don’t think many companies would dare to take over. After all, who would dare to offend Heath Group?" 
"If you refuse Mr. Green’s offer, you may not get another chance like this. Forgive my directness, but I’m afraid it might be a little difficult for you to turn things around." 
"Anyway, I’ll send you Mr. Green’s contact information, and you can think about it carefully. Mr. Green isn’t lacking in women, so he won’t force you if you don’t want to." 
After Jessica finished talking, she hung up the phone. 
A few seconds later, Annie’s phone "dinged" with a new message. 
Jessica sent her a string of numbers. 
Annie looked at the numbers, and her face became even more unpleasant. 
She knew the Mr. Green that Jessica Foster mentioned, of course, 
He was a man she once looked down upon just for shining her shoes. 
Mr. Green is fifty years old this year, older than Benjamin Lawrence. 
Short, fat, bald, and all sorts of unattractive. 
When she first entered the entertainment industry, Mr. Green had designs on her and wanted to take advantage of her. 
Annie, of course, was not willing. 
That’s one of the reasons why she later tried so hard to hook up with David Benington. 
After she and David got together, Mr. Green didn’t dare to offend David and stopped targeting her. 
Annie couldn’t believe that Mr. Green still had intentions for her. 
When she thought of Mr. Green’s pig-like, wrinkled face, she felt nauseous. 
Annie wanted to delete the contact number Jessica sent her.
Because she knew very well what calling this number would mean. 
But her finger had already tapped the delete option, and after a long pause, she ultimately didn’t press it. 
She needed someone to support her. 
She needed media exposure. 
This man, whom she once looked down upon, now seemed to be her only choice. 
* 
A few days later, the once-silent Annie had new developments. 
She updated her blog, which she hadn’t updated for a long time, with a new post. 
Annie V: Sorry for making my babies worry about me lately. The reason I haven’t been updating my blog is that I’ve been immersing myself in a new TV series. By the way, my new TV series "Unparalleled Empress" is in preparation, and I guess the final makeup photos will be released in a few days. I hope you can continue to support Annie. 
After Annie updated her blog, her loyal fans immediately commented, expressing their support for her and saying they’d follow her for a lifetime no matter what happened. 
A while later, Annie posted another blog entry. 
It was a lengthy post apologizing to Joanna Lawrence. 
Annie V: I hesitated for a long time, but I thought I should post this. Regarding the previous affair, I want to tell the truth to everyone. I admit that I took those pictures when I was with David. I also admit that David and I were indeed dating at that time. 
But at that time, I didn’t know at all that David was dating my sister. He and Joanna have known each other since they were young, and their relationship has always been very good,
###Chapter 1477: Chapter 1391: Knowing and Correcting Mistakes Deserves a Chance
David has always said that he regards Joanna as his sister. I thought David was single when I started dating him. If he had told me he was already with Joanna, I would never have gotten involved in their relationship. 
Anyway, I did cause harm to Joanna, so I want to formally apologize to her. I don’t expect her forgiveness, but I hope she knows that I never thought of stealing her boyfriend. 
Lastly, I want to say to Joanna: sister, I am really, really sorry. No words can make up for the damage I’ve caused you. I hope you can forgive me, even though it was an unintentional mistake, I’m willing to spend a lifetime making up for it. 
Annie’s blog post also included a video. 
In the video, her eyes are red and swollen, looking pitiful as she tearfully apologizes to Joanna and asks for her forgiveness. 
Annie’s blog post soon made it to the hot search. 
#AnnieLawrence admits to meddling in sister’s relationship, sincere apology on her blog# 
When she posted this blog, many comments were supportive of her, saying she was deceived by David and became the third party involuntarily. 
They also said that under such circumstances, she is a victim too. 
Annie must have hired online trolls to clear her name. 
So most of the comments are from her fans and online trolls, saying things like "everyone deserves a second chance if they realize their mistake" and "she’s innocent too, also deceived". 
Because of the online trolls setting the tone. 
Ordinary popcorn eaters who don’t know the truth are easily convinced by the trolls’ words. 
"If Annie was really deceived, then she is indeed innocent. The scumbag is David, not her." 
"Maybe she was really deceived. I think most people wouldn’t steal their sister’s boyfriend." 
"If she really didn’t know, it’s understandable. My friend was also deceived by someone’s spouse, and she didn’t know the guy was married until later. After learning the truth, she had someone beat him up badly." 
"Why do I feel like this apology post is just trying to whitewash her? Annie and Joanna are sisters living under the same roof. Wouldn’t she know that her sister is dating someone? Are we supposed to believe that Joanna and her boyfriend never displayed any affectionate behavior in front of her, and she couldn’t tell?" 
There were netizens who believed Annie, but there were also those who were skeptical. 
However, those skeptical comments were quickly buried under the online trolls’ supportive comments. 
Annie looks like a pure little girl, and she cried so miserably in the apology video. She appears pitiful, and most netizens tend to sympathize with the weaker party. With this whitewashing, many people actually believed her. 
On the afternoon when Annie made the apology post, she attended an advertisement signing event. 
* 
At the same time, Joanna was still filming on set. 
Only after completing a scene did Joanna learn about Annie’s apology post from Nina. 
"Joanna, I heard that Annie has signed with a new brokerage company. This is her agency trying to clear her name. Now many people believe her version of the story, thinking she was unknowingly involved in the scandal. It looks like if she keeps whitewashing herself like this, she’ll completely turn her image around." 
Nina spoke angrily. 
She has been with Joanna for a while and clearly knows that Annie was not deceived. 
Instead, she stole David from Joanna after knowing that Joanna and David were dating.
###Chapter 1478: Chapter 1392: The Boss is Not a Good Person
Now that Annie had cleared her name, she suddenly went from being a shameless mistress to an innocent victim. 
Joanna took out her phone and looked through the two Blog posts that Annie had sent. 
After reading them, Joanna’s reaction was much calmer and composed than Nina’s. 
Seeing her reaction, Nina asked in confusion, "Joanna, aren’t you angry? Don’t you think she’s incredibly shameless?" 
Joanna remained calm because she knew that Annie wouldn’t settle for her current situation. 
If she wanted to continue her career in the entertainment industry, she would definitely find a way to clear her name. 
So, she wasn’t surprised at all by what Annie had done. 
Admittedly, Annie’s way of clearing her name was quite effective. 
First, she admitted to getting involved in Joanna’s relationship with David, then she claimed she didn’t know at the time. 
Accompanied by her pitiful video, it was quite easy for people to sympathize with her. 
Even if David saw her Blog post denying it, she could still claim he just didn’t want to admit it. 
In short, after so long, no one could provide any solid evidence to prove she was lying. 
No matter what, her attempt to clear her name was successful. 
"What’s the use of being angry? Should I also write a long Blog post saying she’s lying like her? She signed with a new brokerage company, of course they would help her clear her name. I saw this coming." 
"But...but..." Nina frowned, "Are you saying there’s nothing we can do about her? I just think it’s shameless for her to have stolen your boyfriend and then portray herself as an innocent party." 
Joanna remained indifferent, "Do you know anything about the brokerage company she just signed with?" 
Before Annie completely cleared her name, it took courage for any company to sign her. 
"You mean the company that Annie just signed with?" Nina thought for a moment and nodded, "I have a little understanding of it. It’s a decent brokerage company. Of course, it’s not as big as HE Company and Galaxy Agency, but it’s one of the better-developed ones besides them." 
"However..." 
"However, what?" 
Nina paused before continuing, "I heard the boss of this brokerage company isn’t a good person. Almost all the female artists who sign with them are...used by him. His reputation in the industry is infamously bad in this aspect." 
"I wonder if Annie has been..." 
Nina didn’t say it outright. 
Joanna was momentarily taken aback. 
At this point, a few people walked towards them. 
Gary White led a few unfamiliar faces over and introduced them to Joanna, "Joanna, this is Mr. Shackleton, the representative of Shelly Elegance Company." 
"Mr. Shackleton, this is Joanna, an actress from my film crew." 
"Hello, Ms. Joanna." The man who followed Gary White stepped forward, reached out his hand and politely said, "I’m Scene Shackleton, Regional Sales General Manager of Australand for Shelly Elegance Company. Our company values your popularity and would like to sign an endorsement deal for our new face mask with you. Do you have any interest, Ms. Joanna?" 
Joanna stared blankly at the hand extended in front of her, and after a few seconds, she seemed to react and shook hands with him. 
"Hello, Mr. Shackleton." 
Joanna blinked her eyes, asking uncertainly, "You just said your company values my popularity,
###Chapter 1479: Chapter 1293 Does Ms. Joanna have any questions?
"You want me to sign an endorsement deal for your new facial masks?" 
It’s not that she didn’t hear clearly. 
But rather, she couldn’t quite believe it, so she had to confirm again. 
Shelly Elegance Company is a large-scale daily chemical company, with a variety of products on sale, and has signed numerous A-list celebrities to endorse their products. 
This was not like the Color Vista endorsement Joanna Lawrence signed before, where she had to go through the back door to secure it. 
"Yes, Ms. Joanna. If you’re interested, we can discuss further." 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but look towards Gary White, as if seeking his opinion. 
The contract came too suddenly, and Linda wasn’t by her side, so she couldn’t make a decision right away. 
Seeing Gary White nodding gently at her, she said, "Mr. Shackleton, let’s find a place to discuss this in more detail." 
* 
Resting room. 
Joanna Lawrence took the contract from Scene Shackleton’s hand and, after carefully reading it, put it on the table: "Mr. Shackleton, did you really decide to sign with me because of my popularity?" 
"Of course," Scene Shackleton nodded, "Does Ms. Joanna have any doubts?" 
Joanna Lawrence pressed her lips together. 
She had just finished reviewing the contract. 
The new facial mask that Scene Shackleton mentioned was not a high-end skincare product but a mid-level facial mask product. 
In terms of prestige, it was inferior to the Color Vista she previously endorsed. 
However, she thought it was unusual for such a mid-level product to approach her. 
She was afraid that there was some mistake or miscalculation on the other party’s side. 
Like underestimating her popularity. 
She doesn’t even have a decent work to her name, let alone any real popularity. 
Isn’t the company afraid that if they sign her, their products won’t sell? 
Joanna Lawrence took a deep breath and nodded: "Yes, I have some doubts." 
Scene Shackleton immediately said, "Please, do tell." 
"Mr. Shackleton, before you came over, did you seriously investigate my background information? I’m very happy that your company is interested in me and wants me to sign a contract. However, to be honest, if you’re after my popularity, I’m afraid you might regret signing me." 
Scene Shackleton was startled and puzzled, "Why?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Isn’t this a pretty obvious issue? 
She doesn’t even have any real popularity. 
Even though she has gained quite a few fans from trending posts every day, how many of those are really her fans? 
Shelly Elegance Company’s facial masks are mainly sold online, and Joanna Lawrence found that the endorsers they signed before had good sales, and the products were also popular. 
Although they are also mid-level artists, any artist could easily outshine Joanna Lawrence’s fake popularity. 
At least they have real works, real fans, and real popularity. 
Even though Joanna Lawrence wanted to accept this endorsement, she didn’t want to wrong the company. 
She pursed her lips and told the truth: "Mr. Shackleton, if you’ve investigated me, then you should know that my so-called popularity is mostly fake. Aren’t you afraid that if you sign me, your products won’t sell at all?" 
Scene Shackleton was momentarily stunned, and his facial expression changed slightly. 
Joanna Lawrence paused for a few seconds, then continued: "Although I’ve been on the hot search list and have a fair amount exposure, without any real works to back it up, the popularity I’ve gained from scandals is unstable." 
"Moreover, to be honest, more than half of my fans are anti-fans.
###Chapter 1480: Chapter 1294: Otherwise, would you like to go back and think it over again?
"The facial mask I endorse, they definitely won’t buy. As for the other half’s purchasing power and how many fans I actually have, I’m not sure." 
"Anyway, I don’t have many loyal fans, and I don’t have much ability to sell products. If you really want to sign me, you should consider it more carefully." 
Scene Shackleton looked at her in surprise. After Joanna finished speaking, he couldn’t help but burst out laughing with a "puff". 
"Ms. Joanna, you’re really interesting. You’re the most amusing person I’ve ever worked with as a celebrity endorser." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Mr. Shackleton, I’m serious. Or, would you like to go back and think it over again?" 
She really wanted the endorsement, but she didn’t want to trick others. 
In case they sign her, and the product doesn’t sell at all, she will feel guilty. 
"Ms. Joanna, you know, this is the first time I’ve met a female artist like you. I want to sign you for the endorsement, and you say your popularity is not enough, your ability to sell is not enough, and let me reconsider." 
"Is it that Ms. Joanna really thinks her popularity is not enough or that she is not interested in this endorsement?" 
"Mr. Shackleton, I genuinely think my popularity is not enough." Joanna said earnestly, "I’m afraid if you sign me and the items don’t sell, your boss will definitely criticize you." 
"Hahaha." Scene Shackleton laughed again. 
"Ms. Joanna, you are really so interesting. Seriously, you are the most amusing female artist I have ever met. I have never met an artist who says they are not good enough and suggests I reconsider. Aren’t you afraid that I might not sign you after I go back and reconsider?" 
"Of course, I do have such concerns. But I am more worried that after I endorse, your products won’t sell." 
Scene Shackleton laughed again, as if her words were a hilarious joke. 
He laughed for a while and then slowly stopped. 
"Ms. Joanna, since I came to find you, I’ve already understood everything in advance. I think Ms. Joanna doesn’t have a correct understanding of her own popularity. Don’t you know that you are currently one of the most sought-after newcomers?" 
"Your so-called fake popularity is actually genuine traffic, and there’s not a single fake element in it." 
"Without exaggeration, Ms. Joanna doesn’t have any notable works, but the number of times you’ve appeared on the hot search is more than many top-tier artists. Most importantly, none of these hot searches are arranged by your company team, and just because of this point, it is already attractive enough for us to sign you." 
Many top-tier artists also frequently appear on the hot search.
But most of the time, it’s arranged by the company team. 
Only Joanna’s hot search appearances come genuinely from netizens supporting her.’ 
Joanna was stunned. 
Scene Shackleton looked at her and continued, "Ms. Joanna, the blog posts you’ve posted, be it reposts or comments, have already reached the standard of top-tier artists. I’m afraid Ms. Joanna doesn’t know, a dress you’ve worn before has become a best-seller on E-Bay. So when it comes to the ability to sell products, I think Ms. Joanna’s ability is also no problem." 
"Based on the several points mentioned above, Ms. Joanna is fully qualified to be the spokesperson for our company’s new product." 
Joanna was dumbfounded. 
She didn’t expect him to have really investigated her thoroughly. 
"Ms. Joanna, there are no issues on my side. Our company has decided to sign you as the spokesperson for our new product. What is your opinion?"
###Chapter 1481: Chapter 1295: Ms. Joanna doesn’t seem to have any doubts
What else could Joanna have to say? 
She was just afraid of letting the other party down, so she wanted them to reconsider the decision. 
Since they were still determined to sign her even after understanding all the factors, there was no reason for her to refuse now. 
Anyway, she had already said everything that needed to be said. 
If the product really doesn’t sell, she can’t be blamed. 
"Mr. Shackleton, since you guys have thought it through, I hope we have a pleasant cooperation." Joanna curved her lips and extended a hand. 
Scene Shackleton also stretched out his hand with a smile, "Ms. Joanna, may our cooperation be pleasant." 
* 
Scene Shackleton left the film crew and made a call as soon as he got in the car. 
Once connected, he respectfully said to the person on the other end of the phone, "Mr. Parker, everything is in order." 
The man’s deep and husky voice came through, "Did she sign the contract?" 
"Yes, the contract has been signed. As per Mr. Parker’s instructions, we paid her the regular signing fee. Ms. Joanna doesn’t seem to have any suspicions." 
On the other side. 
In the Painting Studio of the Parker family. 
The spacious studio was sparsely furnished, with white curtains partially lifted by the wind. On the exposed windowsill were several pots of newly blossomed lilies. 
Outside the window was the garden of the Parker family. 
During the summer season, many flowers bloom on time, creating a splendid and colorful sight. 
Frank Parker was sitting by the window. He had rolled up his sleeves, holding a paintbrush in one hand. After dipping it in paint, he gently sketched the delicate and soft features of the girl on the canvas. 
With his other hand, he held his phone as he took the call. 
After a few words, he tossed the phone aside. 
The man’s attention was now focused on the painting before him. 
On the canvas was a delicate and beautiful young girl with long curly hair, a white long dress, barefoot and sitting by the sea. 
Her feet were soaked in the seawater, and part of her long dress was also submerged. 
A few seagulls surrounded the young girl, and she reached out her hand with a seagull resting on her palm. 
Looking at the seagull in her hand, the girl smiled sweetly and warmly. 
The painting was almost entirely complete. 
Frank Parker dabbed his brush on the girl’s dark eyes, making her lively dark eyes even more expressive. 
He put his brush away after finishing the last stroke. 
Sitting in front of his easel, Frank stared at the girl in the painting for a long time. 
But no matter how he tried, he couldn’t capture her essence. 
Frank thought he must have been going crazy lately. 
Ever since the banquet, he had been dreaming about Joanna more frequently. 
Almost every night for the past few days, she would appear in his dreams. 
He felt that he had become psychologically unwell and abnormal. 
It was as if there were two little people in his heart, arguing in his body every day. 
One little person said: The wife of a friend is off-limits. Joanna is your brother’s woman. No matter how much you like her, you can’t have any thoughts about her. Frank, give up. You have no chance in this lifetime. 
The other little person said: You finally found a woman you like. Perhaps she is the only one who can make your heart race in your lifetime. Are you really giving up like this? Aren’t you going to fight for it? Are you sure you won’t regret it later? 
Every day, these two thoughts would endlessly loop in his heart. 
He spent each day in such contradiction.
Although he had already decided to give up, when the next day came, he felt unwilling to let go and changed his mind again.
###Chapter 1482: Chapter 1296: Miss Joanna returns from abroad
"Joanna." Frank Parker stared at the girl in the painting and sighed softly, reaching out to gently stroke her delicate and beautiful face, letting out a bitter chuckle in his throat. "What am I supposed to do with you? I can’t bear to give up on you, but I’ve lost the right to have you. You are very happy with him, and he has the ability to make you happy. Even if I disregard everything to win you back, how could I possibly beat him?" 
"I, Frank Parker, have always been proud, but when it comes to him..." 
"So, should I give up on you?" 
He talked to himself in front of the girl in the painting. He said he was giving up, but there was a hint of reluctance in his eyes: "But I really don’t want to give up. I have no chance to fight for your love, and you have already become someone else’s. God is a bit harsh to me." 
"If I’m destined to never have you, then why did God make me find you and fall for you?" 
Frank Parker never thought that one day he would be entangled in matters of the heart. 
There were times when he couldn’t get what he wanted. 
It turns out that it’s so painful to yearn for something unattainable. 
Now even when he tries to do something for her or treat her well, he has to be discreet, afraid that she would find out. 
Because once she knows, she would definitely refuse. 
So for this endorsement deal, he didn’t give her the one from his company but instead made arrangements with a friend to give her an endorsement from a different company that wouldn’t arouse her suspicion. 
Even so, he still fears that she may figure it out. 
As a result, he didn’t dare give her the endorsement for the first-line products, instead, he had someone specially select a mid-level skincare brand for her to sign with. 
As expected, this time she didn’t suspect anything, happily signing the deal. 
Frank Parker didn’t even dare to give her too high of a signing fee for fear of arousing her suspicion, so he offered an amount consistent with the market rate. 
Even though Joanna signed the endorsement deal, Frank Parker felt that what he’d given her was far from enough. 
He wants to treat her well. 
He wants to give her all the best things he has. 
However, he knows that he cannot be too hasty, or he’ll only scare her away. 
So even though he is impatient, he must endure it. 
"Mr. Ashton." 
Someone knocked at the door, standing outside the door without entering the studio. 
Frank Parker glanced at the person who knocked, squinting his eyes, and put down the painting board in his hand. He turned towards them, asking, "What is it?" 
The man at the doorway lowered his head respectfully, saying, "Lady Parker said Miss Anderson has returned from overseas, and she has setup a welcoming banquet for her tonight. She asked if you could come home for dinner." 
"Miss Anderson?" Frank Parker’s eyebrows furrowed, apparently not remembering who she was. 
Seeing his confusion, the man outside explained, "It’s Amber Anderson, your cousin by marriage, and Sir Damien’s only daughter. Don’t you remember, Mr. Ashton? Amber used to stay with the Parker family for half a year, and she always liked following you around. You even gave her a nickname, ’The Sticky One.’ 
After the reminder, Frank Parker gradually remembered. 
He did have such a cousin. 
However, their encounters had been few and far between. In addition to the half-year the employee mentioned, they’d seldom seen each other since then. 
Frank Parker has a detached nature. 
Towards Sir and Madam Parker, and even Lord Parker, he has always remained indifferent. 
Not to mention relatives by marriage.
So he had no particular feelings towards this cousin. 
However, he nodded his head and said, "Hmm, I’ll go back tonight."
###Chapter 1483: Chapter 1297: If it’s not Director White, then who is it?
It had been a while since he returned to the Parker family’s home. 
Lady Parker had not been feeling well recently, so he was planning to go see her in a couple of days. 
As for that so-called cousin, he had absolutely no interest in her. 
Once the subordinate had finished replying, he prepared to leave. 
"Wait." 
Frank Parker suddenly stopped him. 
He immediately halted: "Does Mr. Ashton have any other orders?" 
Frank Parker half-closed his eyes and glanced at the blistering sun outside. After a few seconds of silence, he said, "Now, I need you to do something." 
* 
Frankfurt. 
Joanna Lawrence just finished filming a scene under the scorching sun, sweating all over. 
Sweat dripped down her forehead, her face was covered in perspiration, her skin began to appear slightly red from the heat. 
The afternoons were the hottest. 
The scenes they filmed required an outdoor setting, so despite the heat, they had to shoot under the sun for a long time.
Thankfully, Joanna’s physical condition wasn’t too bad. 
Otherwise, she suspected she could’ve suffered a heatstroke in this heat. 
Today, in particular, was extremely hot. 
Gary White was worried that if the shooting took too long, the actors might get heatstroke, so after Joanna and Kelvin Norman had finished another scene, he called for a half-hour break. 
Joanna, while wiping her sweat, walked over to the nanny car. 
She had just accepted a bottle of water from Nina when she saw a few logistic staff members from the film crew carrying several large boxes over. 
After the boxes were brought over and placed on the ground, they were opened. 
The boxes were filled with icy cold fruits, beverages, and pastries. They were refrigerated storage boxes and when opened, cold air seeped out. 
"Wow, what’s this? Who ordered the afternoon coffee?" 
"Oh my God, it’s so hot. I was just thinking about having something cold." 
"Wow, Director White, did you order our afternoon coffee?" 
"These are afternoon coffee from Azure Haven Hotel, it’s not cheap. Director White, you’re too good to us." 
A group of female actors, with sweat-drenched faces, saw the few boxes of frozen food items and their eyes gleamed. 
Gary White stood to the side with an inexplicable expression on his face. 
"I didn’t order these, I wonder who was so generous to treat the entire crew?" 
As Gary White made that remark, he turned his head and glanced at Joanna. 
Such generosity, inviting the whole crew, was characteristic of a particular person. 
"If not Director White, then who?" 
"No matter who it is, let’s thank them first. Wow, I love this Strawberry Milkshake, can I have one?" 
The others didn’t care who had ordered it; they were busy getting their share of afternoon coffee. 
"Wow, someone ordered afternoon coffee. Joanna, I’ll go get some for you." 
Occasionally, someone in the crew would order afternoon coffee. 
However, it was usually not from Azure Haven 
Azure Haven is one of the best, largest, and most expensive hotels in Frankfurt. 
Their afternoon coffee costs over a thousand per customer, not a cost most people are willing to bear. 
Even if the actors have high incomes, they rarely order such expensive afternoon coffee. 
After all, there are hundreds of staff members in the crew, treating everyone would be a significant expense. 
Like Gary White, others also suspected that the person treating everyone was probably Joanna’s wealthy boyfriend. 
To accept one’s favor is to yield to their influence; considering everyone already knew about Joanna’s situation, many people thanked her after receiving their food. 
"Joanna, thank your boyfriend for treating us to afternoon coffee." 
"Yes, Joanna, your boyfriend is really nice. He often treats us to afternoon coffee. He really shouldn’t have to spend so much."
###Chapter 1484: Chapter 1298: Who Are You in the End?
"Joanna, your boyfriend is really good to you, you’re so lucky." 
"Joanna’s boyfriend is both handsome and rich, and he treats her so well. We’re so envious." 
Now, Joanna was the one being treated like a star. 
Everyone knew she had a tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend who loved and cared for her. 
Moreover, she was Gary White’s cousin, and Gary took great care of her in the film crew, seemingly valuing her a lot. 
Nobody dared to alienate her like they did in the beginning. 
Even those who initially misunderstood her gradually came to know what kind of person she was after getting to know her better. 
Their prejudice against her naturally disappeared. 
And even though some people didn’t like Joanna because of her nepotism, the fact that she was not just a pretty vase with no acting skills changed their minds. After witnessing her acting abilities, they had nothing to say. 
Joanna held the cup of ice drink Nina brought for her, listening to the various thank-you sounds around her, and sent a message to Ashton Heath on Twitter: Did you buy afternoon coffee for our crew? 
After waiting for about a minute, Ashton Heath replied. 
Ashton Heath:?Someone treated your crew to an afternoon coffee? It wasn’t me. 
Joanna was taken aback: It’s not you? 
Ashton Heath: Yup, not me. 
Joanna casually asked and didn’t pursue the matter further when Ashton confirmed it wasn’t him. 
She figured it was perhaps the boyfriend of another actress in the crew who had bought it. 
Just like how Ashton had treated the crew to afternoon coffee before. 
Anyway, regardless of who bought it, she would just enjoy it. 
*
In the following days, something strange happened in the crew. 
Every afternoon, someone sent afternoon coffee over. 
At first, everyone thought it was Joanna’s boyfriend, but later she denied it. 
No one else in the crew admitted to buying the afternoon coffee either. 
Even Gary White found it strange and sent someone to inquire about it. 
But they couldn’t get any information. 
The hotel claimed they had signed a confidentiality agreement and couldn’t reveal the buyer. 
This series of mysterious actions concerned Gary greatly, so he took a few cups of the drink for laboratory testing at a nearby hospital. 
When the test results came back, everything was normal, with no traces of poisoning or drugs. 
This incident became the most hotly discussed topic among the crew during their breaks. 
Everyone was guessing who was behind the daily afternoon coffee treat for the entire crew. They wondered if some rich tycoon had taken a fancy to one of the actresses but was too shy to express his feelings openly, so he tried to convey his intentions through this gesture. 
As a result, the actresses in the crew put more effort into their makeup and appearance in the following days. 
Each of them fantasized that perhaps they were the ones silently admired by a rich tycoon. 
"Joanna, who do you think it is? These afternoon coffee treats aren’t cheap, right? Doing this every day might break the bank. Plus, don’t you think this person is silly? If he really likes one of the actresses in our crew, what’s the point of this approach? She wouldn’t even know who he is." 
Joanna was eating an Ais Kacang in her hand. 
She wasn’t very concerned about who the so-called secret admirer was. She believed that since he chose this method, he must not want his identity to be exposed. 
If he didn’t want to expose his identity, there must be some inconvenient reasons for that. 
Anyway, she wasn’t interested in who he was. In fact, her interest in the Ais Kacang in her hand was even greater.
###Chapter 1485: Chapter 1299: Her Dream is to Marry Him
However, if that man truly was pursuing a woman from our film crew, and his conditions were indeed pretty good, Joanna Lawrence would help speak for him, having been treated to meals by him for so long. 
Nothing else said, his daily afternoon snacks she enjoyed were enough for her to feel obligated to help out. 
Of course, this is presupposed on whether the man would be willing to show his face in the future. 
* 
At this very moment. 
The "fool" that Nina was referring to, Frank Parker, is sitting with a serious expression in a restaurant. 
Across him sat a young girl with tidy bangs and curly hair. 
The girl looks hardly more than twenty. She’s wearing a pink princess dress and her bright eyes and white teeth shine when she smiles, she has the charming and sweet smile unique to young girls. 
Amber Anderson is enthralled as she looks at the stunningly handsome man sitting opposite her. To think their families were trying to set them up, her heart raced with excitement. 
She had liked Frank since she was little. 
She’s harbored a secret crush on him for many years. 
Her dream is to marry him and become his wife. 
That would be the happiest thing she could imagine. 
She doesn’t seem to notice the man’s coldness and impatience. She leans against her hand, grinning sweetly at Frank, her voice soft as honey, "Frank, I heard you will officially take over Parker Group soon. Is that true?" 
Frank lifted his wrist to check the time, hardly even looking up. His voice sounded dismissive when he responded, "Mm-mm." 
Anyone could tell his reply was perfunctory. 
But Amber seemed not to notice. 
"Wow, you’re amazing " She blinked, her face full of admiration, "Even my dad praises you, he says you’re extremely capable. He even tells me to learn from you." 
All men enjoy being admired and adored by women. 
Amber thinks Frank is no exception. 
She looks at him with sparkling eyes, complimenting sweetly: "I really think you’re super amazing, Frank. You are my idol." 
Amber is sweet-looking, and her dressing style adds to her already pure and sweet aura. At a glance, she looks like a high school girl who has yet to turn eighteen. 
She comes from a good family, is quite attractive, and is usually quite popular among boys. 
But she seems unaware that those boys do not include Frank Parker. 
Her words have absolutely no effect on him. He lifts his wrist to check the time again, a trace of impatience flashing in his eyes, "Why haven’t they arrived yet?" 
Tonight, the two families had arranged to have dinner together. 
Lady Parker had repeatedly told Frank he needed to be present. He initially intended to just briefly show up and leave after a while, using any excuse he could. 
However, upon arrival, he discovered that what was supposed to be a family gathering had turned into a secluded get-together between him and Amber. 
At first, he thought he had arrived too early and that the other family members were still on the way. 
So, he patiently waited for more than ten minutes. 
As he kept waiting, he started to sense that something was off. 
"You’re talking about my Mom and Madam White?" Amber lifted her eyes, a coy expression on her face, her lips curling, "Madam White said that young people going on a date shouldn’t be disturbed, and that they won’t be coming. We don’t have to wait for them. Frank, are you hungry? Shall we order now?" 
Upon hearing this, Frank’s expression darkened, pushing back his chair and standing up. 
Amber looked startled, lifting her head to look at him, "What’s wrong, Frank?" 
Frank’s eyes flashed with annoyance. After a moment’s pause, he didn’t vent his anger on Amber:
###Chapter 1486: Chapter 1300: Get away, don’t touch me!
"I have something else to do, so eat slowly on your own." 
After saying this, he turned and left. 
Amber Anderson was stunned for a few seconds. By the time she reacted, Frank Parker’s figure had already reached the staircase, and soon, he went downstairs. 
"Frank!" 
Amber immediately got up and chased after him, shouting as she ran, "Frank, wait for me! Where are you going?" 
Frank Parker didn’t stop, he quickly walked downstairs. 
Amber had a petite figure, and usually wore high heels to appear taller. 
She chased after him wearing her ten-centimeter-high heels, but didn’t make it far before she stumbled. 
A nearby waiter saw this and immediately supported her. 
Thankfully, the waiter reacted quickly or she would have fallen to the floor. 
However, his help was rewarded with a harsh slap across his face. 
"Get away from me. Don’t touch me." Amber grimaced and pushed the waiter away, raising her hand and striking his face. 
She then took out a handkerchief and wiped the spot where he had touched her. 
Her disgusted expression and the slap left the waiter feeling humiliated. 
However, the waiter knew this wasn’t a person he could afford to offend. 
He had no choice but to swallow his resentment, holding his face and retreating to the side, apologizing deferentially, "Miss Anderson, I’m sorry. I just didn’t want you to fall, so..." 
Amber had no patience to listen to his explanation. 
She ignored her near-fall and hurriedly chased after Frank downstairs. 
* 
By the time Amber caught up with him downstairs, panting for breath, Frank Parker had already reached the entrance of the restaurant. 
"Frank..." 
Amber once again ran after him. 
She finally caught up with him just before he got into the car. 
"Frank, wait a moment, I have something to say to you." Amber stood in front of Frank Parker, preventing him from getting into the car. 
Frank Parker’s expression darkened when he saw her and he replied impatiently, "What else do you want to say?" 
"Frank, why are you leaving all of a sudden?" Amber bit her lip. Seeing Frank, her face turned red and her heart raced, making her breathing somewhat difficult. 
Despite her anger, she still held on. 
But in front of Frank, she couldn’t remember why she was angry in the first place. 
Like Ashton Heath, Frank Parker had been good-looking since childhood, and his appearance was quite popular with girls. 
Even though their personalities were off-putting, with their good looks and prominent backgrounds, they still captured the hearts of many girls. 
Amber was one of them. 
She fell in love with him at first sight when she visited the Parker family that year. 
She had silently adored him for so many years since, never having a boyfriend, because other than Frank, there was no room for any other man in her heart. 
Amber’s family was the richest in Cascade. Her father, Fred Anderson, was the city’s richest man and she was his only daughter. 
With Amber as his only daughter, Fred naturally cherished her as if she was his most precious gem. 
He would satisfy whatever Amber wanted. 
When Fred found out his daughter liked Frank Parker, he contacted Lady Parker to convey his interest in a marriage alliance between their families. 
Lady Parker naturally had no ions. 
Frank was at the age to get married, and the Anderson family was a good match for the Parker family in terms of social and economic status. Amber’s fame as a pianist also satisfied Lady Parker. 
Once the two families settled the matter, they decided to create opportunities for their children to get to know each other.
###Chapter 1487: Chapter 1301: I Already Have a Woman I Like
So they arranged a date for tonight. 
Lady Parker knew her son’s personality well, so she tricked Frank Parker into coming. 
Lady Parker thought Amber Anderson was an excellent girl and that her son would definitely fancy her. 
But little did she know, Frank Parker had already fallen for someone else. 
Frank Parker lowered his head and looked at Amber Anderson, who was blushing shyly in front of him. After a few seconds of silence, he spoke coldly, "Miss Anderson, I think I should speak my mind to avoid any misunderstandings." 
"I’m sure you’ve noticed already that our families are trying to set us up." 
Amber was startled, and her cheeks flushed even redder. 
With a coy look, she quickly glanced at Frank Parker and then lowered her eyes bashfully, saying, "So...so you noticed too, Frank? I wonder...what you think about it." 
Frank Parker was never interested in girls like Amber Anderson. 
Moreover, he already had someone in his heart. 
He didn’t even want to spare her another glance. 
Having been around many women, he could naturally tell that Amber had feelings for him. 
He felt it was better to make his intentions clear early on. 
Frank Parker thought for a moment and spoke directly, "I’m sorry, Miss Anderson, but you’re not my type. Moreover, I already have someone I like. So, I think we should end this here." 
"If you’re willing, we can be ordinary friends." 
Amber’s eyes widened, "Be...be ordinary friends?" 
"Yes." Frank Parker looked at her again, his eyes cold and distant, "Of course, if you don’t want to, then forget it. I have other things to do, so please step aside and stop blocking my car door." 
Amber was stunned and realized that she was indeed blocking Frank’s car door. Her face flushed with embarrassment. 
Frank Parker didn’t look at her again and directly got into the car and drove away. 
He had long driven off, but Amber still stood there, unmoving. 
She kept thinking about what Frank Parker had said, and as she thought about it, she became so angry that her eyes turned red.
At that moment, her phone rang. 
Amber glanced at it and answered the call with a clenched lip. 
"Baby, how’s your conversation with Lady Parker’s son going? Have you guys had dinner? I have two concert tickets here, and I’ll send them over to you later. After dinner, you two can go to the concert together to help promote your relationship." 
"Promote a ghost relationship." 
Amber was not exactly born of a well-bred lady background. 
Although the Anderson family was wealthy, it was not comparable to the truly noble families like the Parker and Heath families with hundreds of years of heritage. 
The Anderson family’s fortune started with Amber’s father’s generation. 
Although Amber was considered a well-bred lady, her upbringing and manners were not particularly good. 
Fuming with anger, she vented it all out on Mrs. Anderson: "Frank has already left, and I’m not with him now. You came up with this terrible idea to arrange this blind date without telling him. He’s very averse to this matter and is displeased with me because of it." 
"What? You mean Lady Parker’s son has already left? Does he know that our families want to set you two up?" 
"How could someone as smart as Frank not know that?" Amber exclaimed angrily, "He hates being lied to the most, and now he must have a terrible impression of me. It’s all your fault. What should I do now?"
###Chapter 1488: Chapter 1303: Besides him, I don’t want anyone else.
"Baby, don’t be angry first. Are you saying that Lady Parker’s son knows that we want to arrange a marriage alliance for you? My precious girl is so good, and he’s actually unwilling?" 
Amber rubbed her red eyes and said angrily, "He said that he already has a woman he likes, and he also said that he’s not interested in girls like me." 
"Did he really say that?" 
"If it’s not true, would I lie to you?" 
"My baby is so outstanding, so many boys are pursuing her, and he still looks down upon her. I think he must be blind. You don’t need to like him anymore. Wait for mom to introduce you to a better one, you... " 
"No, I want Frank. I won’t accept anyone but him," Amber interrupted Mrs. Anderson’s words. Thinking about Frank’s handsome and enchanting face, her heart raced again. "I don’t want anyone else." 
Mrs. Anderson seemed to hesitate for a moment, "But you said that he already has a woman he likes." 
"Maybe he was just saying that out of anger." Amber thought for a moment and then comforted herself, "That’s right, it must be like that. He was angry, so he said that. Anyway, don’t introduce me to other men. I only want Frank."
"If I can’t marry him, I won’t get married in my life." 
"Amber, is this something a young lady should say? People would laugh at you if they heard this." 
"Mom, I don’t care. I just like Frank, and I want to marry him. I will marry no one but him." 
Amber didn’t believe that Frank really wasn’t interested in her. 
She was very confident in her charm. 
As long as she wanted a man, there was no one she couldn’t get. 
* 
After Joanna signed the endorsement for the Shelly Elegance Company’s facial mask, the company announced this on their official Blog and tagged Joanna. 
At the same time, Shelly Elegance Company released another Blog post, announcing the new celebrity endorser for another facial mask from the same company, and then tagged Annie Lawrence. 
As soon as these two posts were released, they sparked heated discussions. 
Annie and Joanna were sisters, and after the previous drama between them, they now signed endorsements for the same company. 
Netizens discussed whether Shelly Elegance did this on purpose. 
Intentionally inviting the two sisters to endorse the new facial masks together to create a Hotspot and boost sales volumes. 
"Annie and Joanna actually signed endorsements for facial masks from the same company. What do you think? Which facial mask will sell better?" 
"In terms of popularity and reputation, Annie is definitely better. After all, she is a real first-line actress, and her ability to sell should be good. As for Joanna... she hasn’t had a single work so far, and she is only famous for being on the hot search with scandals every few days. I really don’t know what Shelly Elegance Company is thinking, signing her, aren’t they afraid that the product will not sell?" 
"But, I think Joanna is really beautiful, and her skin is super good. Her endorsement for skincare products would make people want to buy them." 
The netizens were discussing passionately. 
The two parties involved were still unaware of this matter. 
When Annie found out that she and Joanna had endorsed the same facial mask, she couldn’t help but sneer at the official Blog’s post. 
Jessica Foster also saw the post. 
Jessica was now Annie’s agent. 
As an old employee of Galaxy Agency, Jessica naturally knew that Annie and Joanna had always been at odds. 
The two had been incompatible, and now they have signed endorsements for the same company, and both were endorsing facial masks.
###Chapter 1489: Chapter 1304: When the time comes, hit her face hard.
Even if it’s the same company’s different products, there are bound to be sales comparisons for endorsements signed at the same time. 
Jessica Foster chuckled, "Annie, what’s there to be angry about? Her ability to drive sales is definitely not as good as yours. When the sales numbers come out, the company will know who was the right choice to sign." 
"You have works, reputation, and fans. I think Joanna Lawrence is going to lose badly." 
Annie Lawrence pursed her lips, her expression still a bit unhappy, "I have never worried about what you said. I just couldn’t understand why Shelly Elegance Company would sign Joanna Lawrence. I have no desire to be signed to the same company as this bitch." 
"It might be because she often trends, they think signing her could boost sales. Fortunately, the products you both endorse will be listed online the same day, an easy way to see how the sales go." 
Annie Lawrence clenched her phone, gritting her teeth, "Then I’ll be sure to slap her face hard." 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence found out she had signed the same company’s endorsement as Annie Lawrence, she was a bit surprised, but remained calm. 
Two days later, Shelly Elegance Company called and asked if Joanna Lawrence was available to help them film a short commercial. 
Joanna Lawrence had just finished filming a scene, and her scenes for the next two days were particularly few. After asking Gary White, she agreed. 
After confirming the location of the commercial shoot, Joanna Lawrence went there with Nina. 
They got to the shooting scene. 
Joanna Lawrence was led into the shooting location by staff. The shooting location had a tent set up with some filming equipment inside. 
Just as Joanna Lawrence walked in, she heard familiar laughter. 
She paused for a moment at the door, stood there for a few seconds, her facial expression back to normal, and then continued walking in. 
The staff who led them here quickly walked up to the director, "Director Twain, Miss Joanna Lawrence is here." 
As soon as the staff finished speaking, Annie Lawrence, who was chatting with Director Twain, abruptly raised her head. 
Seeing Joanna Lawrence, Annie Lawrence’s eyes grew dark and the smile on her face froze. 
Joanna Lawrence ignored her, just greeted the director politely, "Hello, Director Twain, I’m Joanna Lawrence."
The director raised his head and was taken aback when his gaze fell on Joanna Lawrence, his eyes openly filled with amazement. 
His main task today was to shoot a commercial each for Joanna Lawrence and Annie Lawrence to promote the new products that will be launched in two days. 
So beforehand, he had looked at their relevant information. 
The difference between Annie Lawrence’s photos and her person wasn’t much, so the director didn’t feel anything when he saw her. 
But Joanna Lawrence was the type who is stunning in photos and even more stunning in person. 
The director thought her looks were top-notch in the industry just from her photos. 
Now, seeing her in person, he was genuinely stunned. 
He hadn’t thought that Joanna Lawrence would be much more beautiful in person than in photos, far more beautiful than the jade-like Annie Lawrence. 
Upon seeing her, the director only wanted to film her. 
He completely forgot about Annie Lawrence in an instant. 
Obviously, Annie Lawrence didn’t miss the amazed look in the director’s eyes. Seeing the director staring at Joanna Lawrence as if hypnotized, she silently cursed the bitch in her heart, trying to pull the director’s attention back to her.
###Chapter 1490: Chapter 1305: Ms. Joanna, shall we go talk?
She coquettishly called out, "Director Twain." 
However, the director seemed to not hear her, his gaze still fixed on Joanna Lawrence. 
Annie Lawrence’s anger grew. She bit her lip and tried again, "Director Twain." 
Only then did the director finally tear his eyes away from Joanna Lawrence’s face. 
But he didn’t acknowledge Annie Lawrence, instead, he looked at Joanna and said, "Ms. Joanna, I just noticed, your skin is quite good. So, I wanted to ask, are you willing to do makeup-free advertising filming?" 
"I believe if you present a makeup-free look to the audience, it will significantly enhance the product’s appeal." 
It isn’t common to have artists and especially female artists appear makeup-free in front of the camera. 
Most female artists would decline. 
Actually, directors also rarely make such a request. 
So, after making the request, the director immediately regretted it, feeling he should not have asked. 
But he thought Joanna Lawrence’s skin was exceptionally good, even makeup would not suit her. If makeup-free, she would be more widely accepted. 
Even without makeup, with her natural beauty, she would still be dazzling. 
This was completely different from someone like Annie Lawrence, who needed to use makeup products to make her skin look better. 
That’s why the director suggested a makeup-free appearance. 
This kind of request left Annie Lawrence taken aback for a moment. 
But she didn’t feel happy about it. 
Because she knew what Joanna Lawrence looked like without makeup. 
"Makeup-free for a film shooting? Sure." Joanna Lawrence didn’t hesitate at all and immediately agreed. 
Her response was too straightforward. 
The director was stunned for a moment, and then asked with some uncertainty, "Are you sure? When I say makeup-free, I mean completely without makeup." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded, "Yes, director, I’m sure. Didn’t you mention that you want a completely makeup-free appearance. Is there an issue?"
Of course, there was no issue. 
It’s just because the director was too surprised that he wanted to confirm with her again. 
After all, Joanna Lawrence was the first one to readily agree to his requirement of completely makeup-free for the film shooting. 
Other female celebrities, even if they claim to be makeup-free, they actually wear some light makeup. 
That isn’t truly makeup-free appearance, but a ’fake’ makeup-free look. 
Therefore, Joanna Lawrence was the first female artist who dared to agree to his requirement of a truly makeup-free shooting. 
"No problem!" After the director was sure about her willingness to go makeup-free for the film shooting, he seemed a bit excited, "Ms. Joanna, regarding the subsequent filming situations, I think we can have a detailed discussion now. Ms. Joanna, shall we go and discuss?" 
What the director meant was that he wanted to change place and have a separate discussion with Joanna Lawrence. 
Hearing this, the face of Annie Lawrence, who had been trying to attract the director’s attention, turned dark. 
She was so angry that she almost burst into flames. 
Before Joanna Lawrence arrived, she and the director were having a great conversation. 
But as soon as Joanna Lawrence arrived, the director seemed to have forgotten about her and completely ignored her. 
Considering herself one of the A-list actresses, Annie Lawrence thought her fame and status in the entertainment industry were far superior to Joanna Lawrence. She believed the director would prioritize her and wouldn’t care about Joanna Lawrence. 
But now, the director obviously seemed extremely interested in Joanna Lawrence. 
On the contrary, she was being neglected. 
It made her feel as if she were more of a beyond D-list celebrity or a newcomer. 
This made Annie Lawrence feel extremely unbalanced in her heart. 
She could accept being outperformed by Joanna Lawrence in other aspects. 
But Joanna Lawrence was just a newbie who wasn’t even a D-list celebrity yet, so why should the director favor her.
###Chapter 1491: Chapter 1306: I Advise You to Restrain Your Temper in Front of Me
In this circle, isn’t everyone relying on their fame and status to make a living? 
Feeling extremely unbalanced, Annie Lawrence said dissatisfiedly, "Director Twain, what’s the point of talking to a newcomer? You just have to arrange for her to do what she’s told. I happen to have some unclear points that I’d like to consult you about, Director Twain, let’s talk." 
The director hesitated for a moment. 
Previously, Joanna and Annie had made a big fuss, and now the industry knew that the two were sisters. 
And they also knew that they didn’t get along well. 
Facing Annie Lawrence’s request, the director didn’t know how to respond to her for a moment. 
Because he was quite interested in Joanna Lawrence now and wanted to shoot a decent ad with her. 
Annie had a bigger name than Joanna. 
But in terms of appearance, the gap between the two sisters is simply too big. 
With Annie Lawrence’s looks, the director can now imagine what the effect of the advertisement would be. 
It was different with Joanna. 
She had excellent physical attributes, a small face, and features that were obviously suitable for the camera. 
And her skin was delicate and glossy, even if the lens was very close, you couldn’t see any flaws. 
Most importantly, Joanna was willing to appear without makeup. 
Just this point alone was enough to provide a "selling point." 
"Ahem." The director hesitated for a few seconds, before tactfully declining, "Annie, you are a veteran in the industry, your experience is rich, and you probably don’t need me to teach you anything. But Joanna is a newcomer, this is her first time shooting an ad, and there are many things she doesn’t understand, I still have to explain it to her." 
"I’ll talk to her first, if you still have any questions, come find me later." 
After saying that, the director gestured to Joanna, "Joanna, come on, let’s go over there and talk." 
It seemed like he was afraid that Annie would stop him again, so the director left immediately after speaking. 
Rejected once again, Annie’s face turned from green to black, and it was difficult to describe how ugly her expression was. 
She turned her head and glared at Joanna. 
It was as if she thought Joanna had stolen something from her. 
"Joanna, are you trying to compete with me for work? You know that I signed with Shelly Elegance Company, so you went through the back door and signed up too. It’s ridiculous. What do you think this will achieve? Just you wait, Shelly Elegance will definitely regret signing you." 
Joanna looked at her indifferently, and with a single light sentence, she made Annie’s face show fear. 
"Annie Lawrence, I did promise to let you go. But that doesn’t mean I will tolerate you in the future. I advise you to keep your temper in check when you’re in front of me, if you can’t do that, at least be tactful and sensible. I can block you once, and I can block you a second time, a third time." 
"After all..." 
She slightly curved her lips, smiling as she watched Annie’s face turn paler and paler, and spoke slowly, "For me now, blocking you is just a matter of a word, isn’t it?" 
"He who knows the current situation is a wise man. Figure out your current status, and you may go farther." 
"Besides, do you think you’re worth any effort on my part to target you now? Are you worthy?" 
She didn’t continue with the following words. 
Because the color had drained from Annie’s face, turning it stark white, like a layer of powder, from the words "block you a second time, a third
###Chapter 1492: Chapter 1307: At that time, I’ll make her look good!
Joanna Lawrence casually threatened Annie Lawrence before turning to find the director. 
Annie stood in place, watching Joanna’s figure gradually walk away, her hanging hands tightly clenched, the veins on the back of her hands bulging out. 
She gritted her teeth, trembling with anger. 
"What the hell, bitch!" she cursed under her breath, audible only to herself. 
Standing beside her, Jessica Foster offered some consolation: "Annie, calm down. It’s not worth it to argue with her. She’s now someone we can’t afford to offend, so even if you have a problem with her, just bear it in front of her." 
"Yeah, that bitch is really smug now." Annie said through gritted teeth, "Now she’s showing off and bullying me. Did you hear what she just said? Did you see how arrogant and overbearing she looks? One day, I will let her know who the real winner is." 
"At that time, I will make her pay!" 
"Yes, so there’s no need to argue with her now. All she did was get hooked up with a powerful man, right? It’s just that she’s still in her honeymoon phase. When that’s over, will anyone still want her? When she gets dumped, you can deal with her however you want." 
"Won’t there be a time to vent your anger?" 
Jessica Foster didn’t know that Joanna had changed a lot already. 
That’s why she said these words to comfort Annie. 
But Annie knew it all too well. 
She clenched her fists and frowned, "If that’s the case, wouldn’t Mr. Green dump me too after some time?" 
Speaking of Mr. Green, Annie’s eyes revealed undisguised disgust. 
Thinking of that pig-headed man made her feel sick. 
But for her career and future, even with the disgust, she still endured. 
Fortunately, 
Anyway, she had finally received a job and had something to do. 
Although Mr. Green was a bit disgusting, he was a man who kept his promises and delivered on everything he said to her. 
But there’s more than one woman around Mr. Green. 
Annie later found out that many female artists in the company were involved with Mr. Green. 
She was just one of many women. 
Even despising Mr. Green, Annie was now worried that she might fall out of favor in the future. 
Jessica’s face became serious and hurriedly said, "How could that be? Mr. Green has been infatuated with you for years, and now he treasures you so much." 
Annie sneered, "Even if he’s been infatuated with me for years, it doesn’t matter. It’s just that he’s been thinking of me because he couldn’t have me. Men are all the same; once they have you, they don’t appreciate you anymore." 
"Well..." Jessica hesitated, "Regardless, Mr. Green is still good to you now. If you’re worried about that, seize the opportunity to fight for more resources. When your value and popularity go up, you’ll have nothing to worry about." 
Annie pressed her lips together without saying anything, but her eyes were filled with ambition. 
* 
This was Joanna’s first advertisement shoot. 
She originally thought she had no experience, and it would take a long time to film. 
But when the actual filming started, she performed exceptionally well.
###Chapter 1493: Chapter 1308: Joanna Lawrence Really Has No Shame
While filming, the director praised Joanna constantly, "Yes, that’s it. The angle you found is perfect. Hold this position and don’t move. Okay, now turn slightly to the right and face me." 
"OK, this shot is excellent, absolutely perfect." 
"Now, let’s move on to the next shot. Joanna, add some water droplets to your face, so I can get a close-up of your flawless complexion. Your skin is really amazing; there isn’t a single flaw even this close up. Out of all the female celebrities I’ve worked with, none have such a perfect bare face like you." 
"You’re very photogenic. Is this really your first time shooting an ad? Your performance is even better than many experienced celebrities." 
"You were born for this. You’re fantastic, and you’ve given me so many pleasant surprises." 
Throughout the shoot, the director continuously praised Joanna, giving her a perfect satisfaction score. 
Joanna was highly receptive to direction. 
Whatever the director wanted, she could deliver and do so exceptionally well. 
It was rare for the director to encounter a celebrity like Joanna, who could read his intentions from just a single glance. Naturally, he was pleasantly surprised and couldn’t stop singing her praises. 
On the other hand, 
When the director filmed Annie Lawrence, his demeanor was calm. 
Annie was an experienced actress, and her performance wasn’t bad. 
However, as far as the director was concerned, there was no surprise element. 
Under normal circumstances, Annie wouldn’t have felt anything amiss. 
However, with Joanna as a comparison, Annie felt extremely uncomfortable and imbalanced. 
Joanna was just a newcomer with no acting experience. 
She used to do minor roles in the past.
Yet she could receive such high praises from the director. 
And what about her? 
Annie had entered the industry earlier and had more experience than Joanna. She should have performed better than Joanna by any measure. 
Yet the director had no comments on her performance. 
After the shoot, Annie’s discontent grew, and she couldn’t help but write a blog post. 
Annie Lawrence V: No matter how hard I try, I still can’t compete with those who have connections. What a world we live in. 
As soon as she posted her blog, her fans naturally sensed that she had been wronged. 
They flocked to the comments section asking her what happened. 
Annie replied to one of the fan’s comments: It’s nothing, just feeling a bit disheartened. Sometimes I think that it’s not about performing well, but about having good connections. No matter how hard you work, what’s the point? Sigh, you guys don’t need to worry about me, I’m just venting my feelings." 
Of course, her fans didn’t think she was just venting her feelings casually. 
Seeing their idol feeling wronged and complaining on social media, they couldn’t just take it lightly. 
So, the fans started digging for the truth. 
Soon, someone mentioned: Didn’t Shelly Elegance Company post a blog saying they had signed Joanna Lawrence? Joanna isn’t even a D-list celebrity yet, but she’s getting the same endorsement as Annie. Annie must be upset about this. 
"Most likely it’s because of this. Honestly, Joanna is really shameless. If it wasn’t for her connections, how could she get so many good resources? Is this fair to the artists who have to work hard for those resources? " 
"To be fair, having connections is also a type of resource. If your parents are rich and can buy you luxury houses and cars, and arrange everything for you, would you refuse it? Although I think Annie’s acting skills are average,"
###Chapter 1494: Chapter 1309: If you don’t believe it, you can try it
"She used to get so many good resources, and the reason was her relationship with the Galaxy Agency’s president. Isn’t that nepotism?" 
"Exactly, you guys are just unbalanced because Joanna is getting good resources now, so you want to tarnish her reputation. Even if she is nepotism, her skills are still there. Not to mention, her acting skills in the trailer are far better than some people." 
Annie Lawrence’s fans and Joanna Lawrence’s fans started to argue in the comments. 
* 
After finishing the commercial shoot, Joanna was ready to leave. 
She changed her clothes and was about to leave the film shooting location when Annie stopped her. 
"Joanna Lawrence, stop." 
Joanna paused for a moment, but then continued walking as if she hadn’t heard anything. 
"Joanna Lawrence, didn’t you hear me telling you to stop?" 
Seeing Joanna ignoring her, Annie, annoyed and frustrated, chased after her. 
"Joanna Lawrence, can’t you hear me talking to you? I told you to stop!" 
Annie tried to grab Joanna’s arm, but before she could touch her, Asher, who was accompanying Joanna, grabbed her wrist. 
"Ah, it hurts, let go of me!" Annie’s face turned pale as she cried out in pain.
"What are you doing, let go of Annie!" Jessica Foster hurried to help, trying to push Asher away. 
Asher didn’t budge an inch and only released Annie’s hand when he was sure she posed no danger to Joanna. 
Annie’s wrist was left with a red mark from his grip. 
She glared at Asher angrily and said, "Who are you, and who do you think you are, treating me like this?" 
Asher looked at her expressionlessly, "I am Ms. Joanna’s assistant. Anyone who might harm Ms. Joanna is considered a threat. Touch her again, and I won’t be so polite." 
Asher was assigned to Joanna by Ashton Heath for her protection. 
Ashton had given him specific instructions: prioritize Joanna’s safety above all else. 
As one of Ashton’s subordinates, Asher naturally didn’t consider Annie a significant threat. 
"How dare you, a mere assistant, be so arrogant." Annie was scared and furious. She gritted her teeth and said, "I’m talking to Joanna, it’s none of your business. Get out of my way." 
"Joanna Lawrence," Annie yelled at Asher, then glared hatefully at Joanna, who was standing behind him. "Control your dog." 
Upon hearing this, Asher’s expression changed, and anger flashed in his eyes. 
Joanna’s face also changed. She stepped out from behind Asher, her eyes icy cold as she stared at Annie. "Annie Lawrence, it seems that you didn’t take my previous words seriously." 
Annie was taken aback, remembering the earlier threat of being blocked, and her face turned pale. 
Her arrogance diminished. 
She clenched her lips and glared at Joanna with a hint of hatred. 
Despite the resentment in her eyes, she remained wary of Joanna and didn’t dare say anything more for the moment. 
"Asher is my assistant. If you disrespect him again, I’ll make you regret your actions. I only agreed to let it go once. Next time, not even pleas will help you." 
"If you don’t believe me, go ahead and try." 
How could Annie dare to try? 
Now, Joanna has the absolute power to do what she said she could do. 
Not to mention her identity as the daughter of the White family, which was more than enough to intimidate Annie.
###Chapter 1495: Chapter 1310: Losing Face in Front of Joanna Lawrence
For the people of the White family, suppressing a female artist in the entertainment circle was as easy as turning their hands over. 
Even the most famous stars were nothing in front of these wealthy families’ powers and cannot even utter a word. 
Although Annie Lawrence was filled with hatred for Joanna Lawrence, she could only swallow the anger she had suffered. 
After warning Joanna, Annie found her cowardly appearance uninteresting and was about to leave when she heard a honk behind her. 
Then she saw Annie’s face change again. 
Joanna turned her head and saw a black Maybach parked not far behind her. 
Then the car door opened, and a man got out. 
He was about fifty years old, with a height of around 160 cm at most, wearing a red shirt and trousers that clearly didn’t fit his figure. He had a large belly, as if he was ten months pregnant, and a shiny, bald forehead with less than a third of his hair left. 
The man wore a large gold watch on his wrist, and a thick ring with a gemstone on his finger. 
The whole person gave a particularly greasy, nouveau riche impression. 
Seeing the man get out of the car, Annie’s face became even uglier. 
Joanna noticed that in Annie’s eyes, there was utter disdain when looking at that man. 
The man was holding a bouquet of flowers in his hand. 
Annie instinctively wanted to find a place to hide as the man walked towards her. 
Her face burned hot, and her nails dug into the flesh of her palm. 
The man was Mr. Green. 
Mr. Green had just had Annie for a few days, and she was still fresh to him, so he was very invested in her, which was why he came to pick her up personally. 
If Joanna wasn’t here, Annie wouldn’t have minded. 
But now, she felt humiliated.
She had lost face in front of Joanna. 
Even if her previous boyfriend, David Benington, was not as good as Ashton Heath, at least he was a talented young man, not bad at all. 
But Mr. Green... 
Looking at Mr. Green’s greasy, chubby face and then thinking about Ashton Heath’s handsome face like a heavenly being, Annie clenched her lips tightly, her heart filled with intense jealousy and resentment. 
She and Joanna shared the same last name of Lawrence. 
Joanna also grew up in the Lawrence family. 
But why was Joanna’s life so much better than hers? 
She could become the White families’ daughter and be with a man as outstanding as Ashton Heath. 
But what about her? Why did she have to accompany a man who was as old and ugly as Mr. Green? 
She really couldn’t accept it. 
Why did God have to be so biased and give all the best things to Joanna? 
If it wasn’t because Joanna had also grown up in the Lawrence family and had the same identity as her before, she wouldn’t have felt so resentful now. 
After all, they were the same before. 
Jessica Foster saw Annie’s reaction and gently nudged her, whispering, "Mr. Green is here, aren’t you going to go over? Don’t be stubborn, if Mr. Green gets unhappy, you’ll be the one who suffers." 
Jessica could tell that Annie looked down on Mr. Green. 
Annie’s ex-boyfriend was David Benington. 
In every aspect, David was far superior to Mr. Green. If it weren’t for the fact that the Benington Group had been acquired and David had broken up with her, there was no way she would be with Mr. Green. 
Even if she was unwilling, she still had to rely on Mr. Green now. Since Jessica was her agent, she definitely wouldn’t want Annie to fall out of favor. 
Watching Mr. Green walk closer, Annie bit her lip and her feet seemed rooted to the ground, unable to take a step forward. 
Jessica was getting a little anxious and nudged her again gently, "Annie?"
###Chapter 1496: Chapter 1311: I came especially to pick you up, and you’re not happy?
Annie still stood there, unmoving. 
She looked at Joanna, who was still standing on the side, and her sense of humiliation grew stronger. 
Thankfully, Mr. Green had been fixated on her for years, and he had just gotten his hands on her. Everything was still fresh. 
So, even though Annie had not greeted him warmly, he didn’t seem to mind too much. 
He walked over to her in a few steps, reached out a hand, and pulled her into his embrace, starting to call her "my love" and "baby." 
"My dear, why do you look so unhappy? I specifically came to pick you up, and you’re not pleased?" 
When he pulled her into his arms, Annie’s body went stiff. 
Instinctively, she felt a repulsion and wanted to push him away. 
But Mr. Green pinched her waist and, without regard for others around them, leaned in to kiss her. 
"Mmm..." 
Annie’s face turned red, and her body resisted. 
Feeling her struggle, Mr. Green furrowed his eyebrows and looked a little unhappy. 
It was true that he had been fixated on Annie. 
But that was because he had not gotten her yet, so he had been thinking about her for so long. 
Now that he had her, she was his to do with as he pleased, so naturally, he wouldn’t value her as much as before. 
Because of Annie’s struggle, Mr. Green’s face darkened. 
Annie pushed him away and wiped her lips vigorously with the back of her hand. Seeing Mr. Green’s face turn cold, she panicked and hastily explained, "Mr. Green, I’m very happy that you could come and pick me up. It’s just that you were so busy, I didn’t think you’d have time." 
As she spoke, she took the flowers from Mr. Green’s hand, putting on a joyful expression and saying, "These flowers are so beautiful, I love them. Are they from you?" 
Only then did Mr. Green’s face soften slightly. 
He was about to speak when he suddenly glimpsed Joanna standing beside him, and his eyes lit up. 
He widened his eyes and stared at Joanna, carefully looking her up and down, his eyes filled with astonishment once again. 
It was as if he had lost control of himself, his eyes fixed on Joanna, staring unblinkingly. 
Mr. Green had a brokerage company with many beautiful female artists. 
He had engaged with all kinds of women, so he was never lacking in beauties by his side. 
He had just gotten Annie a few days ago, feeling a great sense of accomplishment. But the moment he saw Joanna, more than half of Mr. Green’s soul seemed to have left his body, rendering him unable to move or even turn his eyes. 
Annie was instantly forgotten. 
Mr. Green had many female artists in his company, but he had never seen one as beautiful as Joanna. 
His gaze was so direct that Joanna looked up to meet a pair of ugly, lustful eyes. 
Mr. Green stared at her like a man possessed, his face full of unbridled desire. 
Joanna frowned, her eyes filled with disgust. 
She had already guessed who this man was. 
Nina had said before that the boss of the company Annie had just signed with was a bad guy. 
Every female artist in the company with a decent appearance had been taken advantage of by him. 
Joanna had thought that Annie, with her pride and assertiveness, would never accept such a thing. 
But after seeing what had just happened, it was clear that Annie had already been... 
Looking at the lecherous old man in front of her, who was even older than her father Benjamin Lawrence, Joanna could not fathom how Annie had managed to submit to him. 
She was just too cruel to herself.
###Chapter 1497: Chapter 1312: Not Someone He Can Mess With
Initially cheating with David, David, though a scumbag, was still regarded as tall, rich, and handsome by others. 
Mr. Green was still foolishly staring at Joanna Lawrence, his gaze greasy and lewd, which made Joanna feel sick to her stomach. 
"Joanna, let’s go." Nina, seeing Mr. Green’s drooling face as he stared at Joanna, frowned, feeling a bit disgusted as well. 
Nina knew what kind of person Mr. Green was, which made her feel even more disgusted. 
Mr. Green really was a toad wanting to eat swan meat, daring to covet Joanna. 
He didn’t even take a look at his own character and behavior. 
Joanna was extremely disgusted by his staring, and she held back the nausea to nod: "Yes, let’s go." 
With that, the two turned around to leave. 
"Miss, wait a moment." Seeing her about to leave, Mr. Green unexpectedly chased after her, wanting to stop her. 
Asher wanted to stop him, but just as he was about to do so, the person in charge of the film shooting hurriedly walked towards them. 
The person in charge walked up to Mr. Green and spoke to him in a low voice for a moment. 
It was unclear what he had said, but Mr. Green’s face slightly changed, and he frowned as he looked over at Joanna. 
Seemingly with some reservations, Mr. Green’s eyes were filled with reluctance, but he did not approach Joanna again. 
Asher protected Joanna as they quickly left. 
Mr. Green’s gaze still focused on the direction Joanna left, reluctant to look away for a long time. 
In his mind, he kept replaying the glimpses he had just caught of her. 
If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t have believed that there was such a clean and beautiful female entertainer in this circle. 
Living in such a complex entertainment circle, her temperament was still so pure, as innocent as a dew-kissed lily. 
Among so many female artists in his company, he couldn’t find a single one like her. 
That kind of innocence and purity would provoke wicked thoughts, making people unable to resist the temptation to destroy it. 
Mr. Green already had an inclination towards such desires, and he took a fancy to Annie Lawrence because of her delicate, weak, and innocent appearance. 
But not only did Joanna have a delicate and weak appearance, she was also incredibly beautiful, the kind that would instantly overshadow Annie. 
For Mr. Green, this was undoubtedly a top-notch beauty. 
Mr. Green could hardly wait to possess such a beauty immediately. 
However, that person in charge who had just come over told him that Joanna had a relationship with Gary White, and it was not a shallow one either. 
In other words, she was not someone he could touch. 
Although Mr. Green was extremely greedy, he didn’t dare to offend Gary White. 
Even though he was not clear about the exact relationship between Joanna and Gary White, just hearing the name Gary White was enough to make him cautious. 
With Joanna gone, Mr. Green’s soul seemed to have been taken away as well, and it took him a long time to look away from the direction she had left. 
Though he was cautious about Gary White and didn’t dare to pester Joanna anymore, he was still thinking about it in his heart. 
It was hard to come across such an exquisite beauty, and he was reluctant to give up. 
It seemed Mr. Green had completely forgotten about Annie Lawrence by his side. 
Annie Lawrence, seeing his infatuated appearance, was furious, and she cursed the siren Joanna in her heart several times. 
Even if she despised Mr. Green, it was an insult to her that the very man she despised no longer cared about her after seeing Joanna. 
That little bitch, Joanna, was truly a siren. 
Wherever she went, she seduced men.
###Chapter 1498: Chapter 1314: We Cannot Let Her Face Hell Alone
Looking at Mr. Green’s infatuated appearance, it seemed like his soul had been hooked away by that little bitch. 
Annie cursed in her heart for a while, seeing that Mr. Green was still staring in that direction, his eyes flickered, and a hint of cruelty flashed in the depths of his eyes. 
"Mr. Green, Joanna has always been so proud and aloof, she doesn’t put anyone in her eyes. You mustn’t mind her attitude. She’s like that to everyone." Annie also looked in the direction where Joanna left, narrowing her eyes, "If Joanna upset you, let me apologize on her behalf." 
"I hope Mr. Green is magnanimous and doesn’t take offense at this little girl’s behavior." 
Mr. Green suddenly turned his head, his gaze directly hooked on her, and finally came back to his senses: "The beautiful woman just now was your sister?" 
"Yeah." Annie said softly, "That’s my stepsister. She’s been exceptionally beautiful since she was a child, and many men like her." 
Mr. Green’s eyes were filled with great interest, and his eyes sparkled: "Your stepsister is the girl in the white dress?" 
"Of course, who else can bear the words ’exceptionally beautiful’? Joanna’s just like that since childhood. She’s been so popular with the opposite sex that she’s become a little arrogant. Mr. Green, you won’t be angry, will you?" 
"Hahaha, of course not." Mr. Green’s eyes turned, he put his arm around Annie’s waist, and was much more intimate with her than before, "Annie, tell me about your sister. You said she’s your stepsister, so you two are sisters with the same father but different mothers? I just heard someone say that Joanna knows Gary White. Do you know what kind of relationship she has with Gary White? Tell me more about your sister. She seems to have good conditions, let’s see if we can also sign her to my company." 
Annie could definitely understand Mr. Green’s intentions. 
She was jealous of Joanna but couldn’t do anything to her for now. 
But just because she didn’t dare to do anything to Joanna didn’t mean she would stop others from doing so. 
She looked at Mr. Green’s sleazy, oily face and a vicious idea flashed through her mind. 
If she had already fallen into the mud, then drag that little bitch Joanna down as well. 
She couldn’t be the only one in Hell. 
She would make that little bitch taste all the bitterness and humiliation she had experienced. 
* 
Two days later, the Shelly Elegance Company’s official Blog released the advertisement Joanna filmed. 
At the same time, they also released the advertisement Annie filmed. 
In the advertisements, there were also online purchase links for the facial masks they endorsed. 
After Joanna’s advertisement was released, someone quickly discovered that she seemed to have appeared without makeup. 
Compared to Annie’s heavy makeup in her advertisement, Joanna’s makeup looked incredibly refreshing, especially under close-up shots, there were no traces of makeup at all. 
Someone commented: Is Joanna makeup-free in the advertisement? If she’s makeup-free, her skin must be amazing. 
"How can she be makeup-free? She must have put on makeup. Nowadays, nude makeup looks almost like makeup-free, right?" 
"Whether she’s wearing makeup or makeup-free, she’s simply beautiful. Moreover, it’s obvious that her skin is indeed very good." 
"She’s not that old, is it normal for someone her age to have good skin? Our school is full of beautiful girls with such skin."
"The commenter above, don’t be sour. It’s true that there are many girls at this age with good skin. But there aren’t many with skin as good as Joanna’s.
###Chapter 1499: Chapter 1315: Why is everyone praising her now?
"My friend is a makeup artist for Joanna Lawrence, and she told me that of all the celebrities she’s worked with, Joanna’s natural face is the best, and there’s no exaggeration in saying that her skin is so good it could pop with a blow." 
"As a non-fan, I don’t really care about stars’ makeup-free faces. But it’s undeniable that Joanna Lawrence is quite beautiful, and this ad is shot exquisitely. In comparison, Annie Lawrence’s advertisement feels quite ordinary. The official Blog had signed both sisters and launched their endorsements on the same day. Are they trying to see which sister can sell more products?" 
After a while, the director of the ad reposted on the official Blog. 
BenV: It’s the first time a female star has chosen to appear bare-faced just to show the most real side of herself. This sincerity, have you all felt it? Yes, Joanna Lawrence appeared on camera without makeup, truly makeup-free, with nothing applied to her face. 
Once BenV reposted on his Blog, many people expressed their amazement at Joanna Lawrence’s makeup-free appearance. 
"Really, completely makeup-free? Oh my God, she’s stunning even without makeup." 
Joanna has posted makeup-free photos before, her good looks and skin have always been there. It’s just that you hadn’t noticed." 
Apart from everything else, Joanna Lawrence is indeed exquisite and beautiful, maintaining her beauty even amongst a group of stars. I find her very attractive." 
"As a non-fan, considering only these two ads, Joanna Lawrence’s ad makes me want to buy more. Annie’s isn’t bad per se, it’s just unfortunate to be compared with Joanna’s, their looks aren’t at the same level." 
After the ad was published, the ad featuring Joanna received overwhelmingly good reviews. 
As for Annie, no one said it was good, and no one said it was bad. It was a rather lukewarm response. 
Annie, browsing her Blog, turned green with envy when she saw everyone praising Joanna. 
She had originally thought that with her fame, she could easily overshadow Joanna.
However, Joanna made it back to the trending post because of the ad. 
While she, a first-line actress, didn’t even make it onto the list. 
Annie was so mad that she slammed her phone on the table. 
"Did that little bitch Joanna hire online trolls? Is that why everyone’s praising her now? And what about BenV, has he been bewitched by her too, praising her like that, as if he can’t wait for her to become a big star." 
"Bitches like her have no sense of shame, flirting with men left and right, she doesn’t know restraint at all." 
"Why are these men so shallow, what do they like about her? Just because of that siren-like face of hers?" 
"It’s obvious, isn’t it? Surely, she hired these online trolls. She’s a newcomer, why does she trend every now and then? It seems that the HE Company is ready to promote her. Probably because they consider her boyfriend’s face, but I wonder what the man’s actual status is." 
Annie pursed her lips and didn’t say a word. 
She was well aware of Ashton Heath’s status. 
Although Heath Group doesn’t have a talent agency, it would be a piece of cake for the president of the Heath Group to make a female star famous. 
Moreover, now Gary White has become Joanna’s real brother. 
With Gary White’s status in the entertainment industry, promoting anyone would be a breeze. 
Now, Joanna is backed by several big shots, obtaining the resources she wants with ease. 
What about her? 
She has to accompany a revolting older man just to gain some resources and maintain her current exposure.
###Chapter 1500: Chapter 1316: Defeat Her by Outselling Her
Endorsements like the ones from Shelly Elegance Company were something she used to disdain, but now they had become a valuable resource for her. 
As Annie thought about it, her face darkened a bit more. 
"Annie, don’t worry. In terms of sales, she definitely can’t compete with you. Most of her fans are fake, with only a few genuine ones. You’re different; you have real fans. Just repost your blog later and let your fans support you. We’ll beat her with our sales volume, regardless of whether she buys online trolls or not." 
Upon hearing that, Annie felt a little better. 
She nodded, "Alright, I’ll repost the blog now." 
* 
Annie and Joanna Lawrence were endorsing the same brand of face masks, but different series. 
Joanna’s was mainly focused on whitening. 
Annie’s was mainly focused on moisturizing. 
After the official Blog released their advertisements, both Joanna and Annie reposted them, calling for their fans’ support. 
Initially, Annie was confident that the sales of the face mask she endorsed would definitely outperform Joanna’s. 
However, after an hour. 
There were over 5,000 online sales of the face mask endorsed by Joanna, while Annie’s had just over 3,000. 
The sales were nearly double that of Annie’s. 
This was quite unexpected for many people. 
Even Joanna was a bit surprised when she saw the sales figures. 
She called Linda, "Linda, did the company boost my sales?" 
Linda was puzzled for a few seconds after picking up the phone. 
"Why would the company boost your sales? What sales?" 
"The face mask I endorsed." Joanna, as a newcomer, didn’t believe she was truly capable of generating such sales numbers. 
The first thing she thought of when she saw the sales figures wasn’t happiness, but wondering if the HE Company had manipulated the numbers. 
"You mean the face mask from Shelly Elegance Company?" Linda paused for a moment, then continued, "You think your endorsed face mask’s sales are high because the company boosted the numbers for you?" 
Joanna was even more confused, "Isn’t that the case?" 
"No, the company didn’t boost your sales. I don’t even know about this." 
Once again, Joanna was baffled, "Really? The company didn’t boost my sales?" 
"No, I promise. If the company were to help you, I would definitely know about it. The product you endorse has only been online for a short period of time, and the company wouldn’t help you so soon even if they wanted to." 
"If your sales are doing great, congratulations, you might have earned those sales on your own." 
Joanna felt lost. 
Based on what Linda had said, the HE Company did not manipulate the numbers. 
So, did she really outperform Annie’s sales by herself? 
She always thought that she didn’t have many real fans. 
Let alone more than Annie. 
She was even prepared to lose to Annie this time. 
As long as the gap wasn’t too big, she could accept it. 
But her sales were nearly double those of Annie’s in just one hour, which was something she never expected. 
While Linda said they didn’t manipulate the numbers, Joanna still doubted her own abilities and called Ashton Heath to ask. 
Ashton was in a meeting when she called. 
Upon seeing her name on the Caller ID, he immediately answered. 
He didn’t care that there were still several senior executives in the room; he stood and made a ’pause’ gesture with his hand, as he walked out he tenderly asked, "Baby, missing me?"
###Chapter 1501: Chapter 1317: Report any anomalies to me immediately.
When the word "Baby" was uttered, all the senior executives felt goosebumps all over. 
It was an especially terrifying feeling. 
They feared nothing in the world, except for President Ashton uttering tender words. 
After all, President Ashton normally acted stern and indifferent in the company, which made them feel a bit afraid. 
For such a person, it was hard to imagine him having such a tender side or calling someone baby. 
And asking things like "Did you miss me?" 
They had no idea how capable the woman on the other other end of the phone was to warrant such special treatment from President Ashton. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence called Ashton Heath and bluntly asked after he picked up the phone, "Ashton Heath, did you boost sales for the advertisement I endorsed?" 
"Hmm?" 
A deep masculine voice came across, very seductive. 
"What sales?" 
"You don’t know?" Joanna counter-asked, "I endorsed a face mask advertisement." 
Ashton Heath remained silent for a few seconds: "You endorsed a face mask advertisement? Baby, what exactly are you trying to ask? What’s this you’re saying about boosting sales?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
So, Ashton Heath doesn’t know that she’s endorsed a face mask? 
Then it’s even less likely that he’d help her boost the sales. 
Only now did Joanna Lawrence finally believe that all of those masks were sold by her own efforts. 
She suppressed her excited emotions: "It’s nothing. If you’re busy, I won’t disturb your work. I’ll hang up first, bye." 
After she finished speaking, she hung up the call. 
The other end of the call, 
The man frowned at the disconnection sound from his phone. Ashton Heath furrowed his brows and called Cody Aberton over. 
He instructed Cody: "Check if Ms. Joanna has recently endorsed anything. Once you find out, tell me right away." 
After Ashton Heath finished his meeting and returned to his office, 
Cody had also found out about Joanna’s endorsement, including today’s online sales. 
He reported to Ashton Heath, "President Ashton, Ms. Joanna endorsed a face mask advertisement, and sales began today. The mask Ms. Joanna endorsed is selling well. Also, Annie Lawrence has also endorsed a mask from the same company and it also has online sales today. The sales of the face mask endorsed by Ms. Joanna is much higher than that of Annie’s." 
"President Ashton, this is Ms. Joanna’s first endorsement. We could boost her sales to make her results look better, what do you think?" 
After Ashton Heath finished hearing Cody’s report and remembered Joanna’s call just now, he finally understood what happened. 
He thought for a moment and shook his head: "We don’t need to boost her sales for now. She would definitely want her real results." 
"Okay, President Ashton." 
"However, keep a close eye," Ashton Heath slightly narrowed his eyes, "Just because we’re not boosting her sales, doesn’t mean others won’t. Report to me immediately if there’s any anomaly." 
"Yes, President Ashton." 
* 
Meanwhile, 
Annie Lawrence was both angry and in disbelief upon seeing Joanna’s sales increase faster, surpassing her by more than half, 
"Why are Joanna’s sales so high? Did she get someone to boost them?" 
Jessica Foster and she were both confident that they could trample over Joanna Lawrence in sales. 
But now, it turned out that Annie Lawrence was being trampled over by Joanna Lawrence. 
In a chillingly horrendous way.
###Chapter 1502: Chapter 1318: How much sales can a small newcomer drive?
As a first-tier female artist, Annie Lawrence’s endorsement sales couldn’t even beat those of a newcomer who barely ranked as a D-list celebrity. 
"She must have cheated," Jessica Foster said, with a dumbfounded look on her face, "There’s no way she could have achieved this without cheating." 
"What are we going to do now?" Annie asked with a grim expression, "I can’t lose to that little bitch. Shelly Elegance Company has many first-line products, and if my sales are good this time, I have a chance to get those first-line endorsements." 
"But if I lose to her, they definitely won’t give me any better endorsements." 
Jessica’s face wasn’t looking too good either. 
Annie Lawrence was the artist she brought up, and the quality of resources she would get in the future would affect her as well. 
Of course, she hoped that Annie could do better and better. 
"Since she is manipulating the sales, we will do the same," Jessica gritted her teeth and said, "You’re right; you can’t lose to her. I’ll arrange it now." 
* 
When Joanna’s sales reached ten thousand, Annie’s sales were only five thousand. 
Blog users discussed the matter and suspected that Joanna was cheating the sales. 
However, soon, so-called experts came up with a data analysis, concluding that Joanna’s sales were genuine and there was no manipulation. 
Netizens couldn’t help but sigh that Annie had become a defeated opponent under Joanna’s hands. 
An A-list actress who had been in the business for years couldn’t even beat a newcomer. 
Sure enough, once she left Galaxy Agency, no one was backing her up, and her real strength was exposed. 
Not long after the discussions, some observant netizens found that Annie’s sales had suddenly increased rapidly, and in less than half an hour, she had caught up to Joanna. 
After a while, Annie’s sales exceeded Joanna’s. 
"I noticed that Annie’s sales have risen a lot in a short period of time. She used to be way behind Joanna, but now she suddenly surpassed her. Is she cheating on her sales? " 
"What cheating? Annie’s fans just found out about this. Annie has N times more fans than Joanna, and if we talk about the fans’ purchasing power, she can surpass her in minutes. I suspect it was her who cheated. How is it normal for a newcomer’s sales to be higher than an A-list actress’s? " 
"I’m a fan of Annie, and I just found out that Annie endorsed a facial mask. I just bought ten boxes to support her." 
"I’m also a fan +1, just found out about this matter. I just bought ten boxes to support her as well." 
In an instant, Annie’s fans emerged in droves. They claimed that they had only recently discovered Annie’s blog post and went to support her. 
That is to say, Annie didn’t cheat her sales. 
Questions raised by the spectators were quickly drowned out in various fan comments. 
Annie’s facial mask sales continued to rise rapidly. 
Initially, Joanna’s sales were half of Annie’s, but an hour later, Annie’s sales became one and a half times Joanna’s.
Ashton Heath had asked Cody Aberton to keep an eye on this matter beforehand, so when he noticed that Annie’s sales were rising rapidly, he immediately reported the abnormal situation to Ashton. 
* 
Shelly Elegance Sales Department. 
The computer screen displayed the real-time sales of Annie Lawrence and Joanna Lawrence. 
Seeing Annie quickly overtake Joanna by half the sales, the woman who had signed Annie immediately became smug, saying to Gwen Shield: "I didn’t agree with you signing a newcomer in the first place. There were so many artists we could have used. How many sales could a newcomer possibly bring?"
###Chapter 1503: Chapter 1319: Don’t Be Too Demanding
"You insisted on telling me that her popularity is not bad now, not losing to those first-and-second-tier celebrities. But now, you see, newcomers are newcomers, and they still can’t compare to the first and second tier." 
"Also, Annie Lawrence’s sales are still on the rise, and now they have far exceeded Joanna Lawrence’s. Soon, the gap between them will grow bigger and bigger. In the future, let’s not look for these small actors who rely on trending posts and hype. It would be much better to spend more money on first-and-second-tier celebrities." 
Gwen Shield looked at the sales figures displayed on the computer screen and pursed her lips without speaking. 
He approached Joanna Lawrence because someone above had put in a good word for her. 
At that time, he also thought that signing Joanna Lawrence would definitely make a loss. 
But after meeting Joanna Lawrence in person, he changed his mind. 
Gwen Shield is very satisfied with Joanna Lawrence’s current sales. As a newcomer, such sales are already very good. 
Even though Annie Lawrence now greatly surpasses her, Gwen Shield thinks it’s normal. 
He doesn’t think it’s wrong to sign Joanna Lawrence because of this. 
Annie Lawrence’s fan base is naturally larger than Joanna’s, so it’s normal for her sales to be higher than Joanna’s. 
"I think Joanna Lawrence’s performance is very good." Gwen Shield was silent for a while, looking at the woman who was speaking, "She doesn’t need to compare with Annie Lawrence. They are not on the same level. Moreover, Annie Lawrence’s signing fee is higher than hers, so it’s only normal that her sales are better." 
"When dealing with a newcomer, don’t be too demanding." 
The woman pursed her lips and snorted softly: "In any case, in the future, there’s no need to sign these newcomers again. Fortunately, we have Annie Lawrence. Otherwise, our quarterly sales would not be enough." 
Gwen Shield’s brow furrowed slightly, and he remained silent. 
With half-closed eyes, he watched Annie Lawrence’s sales column on the computer screen continue to rise rapidly, and in a short period, it was already three times more than Joanna Lawrence’s. 
* 
Heath Group. 
"President Ashton, can we now buy orders for Ms. Joanna? Joanna’s sales are heavily suppressed by Annie’s brush orders. I just saw a report on the Blog about this saying things like ’Ms. Joanna is being crushed by Annie Lawrence, and there is a huge disparity in strength between the sisters.’" 
As Cody Aberton spoke, he felt furious. 
What the hell is Annie Lawrence that she could crush his family’s Ms. Joanna? 
They can’t compete with real strength, so they rely on buying orders, and they still have the audacity to talk about crushing. 
It was Ms. Joanna who crushed her at the beginning. 
Ashton Heath looked up from a document: "Immediately notify the Finance Department to give all Heath Group employees a bonus. Then notify all employees to buy the face masks endorsed by Ms. Joanna. Ms. Joanna’s sales must surpass Annie Lawrence. Do you understand?" 
Cody was excited. 
He immediately nodded and said, "Okay, President Ashton, I will do it right away. I promise to handle this beautifully." 
Cody Aberton was a capable assistant by Ashton Heath’s side, so naturally, his work efficiency was high. 
In less than ten minutes, the two notifications were sent out. 
When he sent the second notification, he also included the purchase link for the face masks endorsed by Joanna Lawrence in the work email. 
* 
After brushing up her sales, Annie Lawrence was still smug. 
She looked at the derogatory words about Joanna Lawrence in the news release and felt overjoyed. 
However, her satisfaction only lasted for a few minutes. Then she saw Jessica Foster coming over with a not-so-good
###Chapter 1504: Chapter 1320: I had Cody Aberton do some data analysis for you
Annie Lawrence looked up: "Jessica, what’s wrong?" 
"Joanna Lawrence has started brushing orders on her side." Jessica Foster handed her phone to Annie, "Her sales are skyrocketing now, and we can’t keep up with her pace. At this rate, I’m afraid she’ll surpass you in less than ten minutes." 
"What?" 
Annie’s complexion changed abruptly, and as soon as she refreshed her phone, she saw Joanna’s sales growing rapidly. 
Jessica said that Joanna would surpass her in ten minutes. 
However, Annie felt that it wouldn’t even take five minutes. 
She had just spent a lot of money on artificial sales. 
Half of the endorsement fee was thrown in. 
She desperately wanted to win against Joanna and didn’t even care about losing money. 
She originally thought she had this competition in the bag. 
But she didn’t expect Joanna would start spending money on artificial sales. 
For a moment, Annie’s face grew ugly. 
She didn’t have the same financial resources as Joanna. 
Even if she invested all her money, there was no way she could win. 
During the minute she was lost in thought, Joanna’s sales rose again substantially. 
They were now neck and neck. 
Annie was also brushing orders, but her sales couldn’t keep up with Joanna’s speed. 
After another minute, Joanna surpassed her. 
Jessica was dumbfounded, "She’s...really fast. Annie, what should we do now? Do we continue brushing orders?" 
Annie’s face turned pale. 
At this moment, she realized that the money she had invested earlier was wasted. 
Once Joanna began brushing orders, she couldn’t compete. 
* 
On the other side. 
It wasn’t until several hours later that Joanna Lawrence found out she had surpassed Annie once again and that someone else had brushed orders for her. 
Nina informed her after she finished filming. 
She called Linda, who told her that the company had planned to help her brush orders, but when they were about to do so, they found that someone had already started. 
Joanna asked Ashton Heath about it. 
"Yeah, I had Cody Aberton prepare some data for you." 
Looking at her current sales, Joanna felt it wasn’t just a little bit of data. 
She was more than four times ahead of Annie. 
She didn’t know if Annie had given up trying to outpace her, but her sales had slowed down a lot. 
Joanna never intended to artificially inflate her sales. 
But if Ashton wanted to support her in this way, she didn’t mind. 
She was now very clear about her husband’s financial strength. 
"What’s wrong? Aren’t you happy?" Ashton sensed her silence and thought she was angry, so he explained, "I know you don’t like me interfering with your affairs. However, I don’t want my wife to lose to someone who’s cheating." 
"Since you and Annie signed with the same company for endorsements, this sales figure is very important to you. Most of it is your achievement anyway. If Annie hadn’t cheated, under normal circumstances, your sales would still be higher than hers." 
Joanna wouldn’t be upset over this matter, of course. 
She knew that Annie had brushed orders. 
She hadn’t intended to pay attention to this matter at first, but she didn’t expect Ashton to find out and help her brush the orders. 
It seemed that Annie had calmed down on her end. 
She probably knew she couldn’t outpace Joanna and didn’t want to waste more money. 
Ashton was right. This was her first endorsement, and it was very important to her.
###Chapter 1505: Chapter 1322: Ashton Heath’s Nagging, Only to Her Alone
If the facial masks she endorses sell well, it would benefit her chances for the next endorsement. 
She doesn’t feel as overly sensitive as before, wanting to do everything by herself and refusing help from others. 
Ashton Heath is her husband, the person closest to her. 
Why shouldn’t she accept help from her own husband? 
Ever since she understood this, Joanna started to use all her back channels without feeling any psychological barriers. 
The relationships and resources she has are also a kind of resource. 
Otherwise, if one is born into a wealthy family, would they sever ties with their birth family just to prove that they can survive without their parents? 
Only a fool would do that. 
"Husband, thank you." Joanna said softly. 
Ashton Heath suddenly fell silent on the other end.
The silence lasted a while, long enough for Joanna to worry that he might be doing something else on his side and so she called out softly, "Ashton, are you still there?" 
"Hmm." The man hummed in response. 
Joanna asked, "Why were you silent just now?" 
"I was considering something." 
"What is it?" 
"Whether to come to you." 
"..." 
"Baby, whenever you call me ’husband’, I can hardly control myself." 
"..." Even though she knew he could not see her, Joanna’s face turned redden bit by bit. 
Even the tips of her ears also turned red. 
The things Ashton Heath says are really... 
"Well, forget it, I’ll endure it." After a few more seconds, the man sighed lightly, as if feeling quite helpless. 
"President Ashton, Mr. Canton from the Canton Group is here." 
When Joanna heard Cody Aberton’s voice coming through the phone, she took the initiative to say, "Go get busy with your stuff. I’ll call you again tonight." 
"Ok, I’ll go work first. Remember to eat on time, don’t rush just because it’s troublesome." 
"Alright, I got it." 
The two of them talk every day, three times a day: morning, afternoon and evening. 
Plus video chats at night. 
Ashton Heath became quite a chatterbox in front of her, reminding her every day to take her meals properly. 
Although Joanna felt he was a bit of a nag, she was still very touched. 
Because Ashton Heath’s nagging was only for her. 
He keeps her at heart, values her, cares about her and hence, reminds her every day about these minor stuff. 
* 
Inside Shelly Elegance Company. 
All day long, Joanna’s sales figures were five times higher than Annie’s. 
The woman who initially complained that they shouldn’t have signed Joanna was left speechless by the data. 
Joanna’s first endorsement deal resulted in over fifty thousand sales on the first day itself. 
This number is something that many top-tier artists may not even reach. 
As a newcomer, the success of her very first advertisement caught the attention of many brands in the industry. 
The next day, Linda happily called her to say that many advertisers had approached her, wanting her to represent their products. 
Joanna inquired and found that the brands that sought her included snacks, shampoos, shower gels, and fast food. 
Linda analyzed for her, "These are not bad brands, and I would have advised you to accept them in the past. But now, I think we can aim for higher-end brands. So, I rejected them for you." 
"Your first advertisement was for mid-level skincare products. Even if you’re not yet a third-tier artist, you can’t lower your standards to endorse third-tier products. Always aim high. In the future, do not take on anything below the mid-level."
###Chapter 1506: Chapter 1323: Taking This Opportunity Very Seriously
"Once your TV series is out, and you’ve actually gained popularity and fans, we’re going straight for first-line products." 
"In short, I’ve already planned your future direction, just follow my lead." 
Of course, Joanna Lawrence believed in Linda. 
Linda was an Acclaimed Agent, she had managed to make so many artists famous. 
Since she claimed everything was taken care of, Joanna Lawrence really had nothing to worry about. 
Moreover, what Linda said made sense. 
Her first advertisement was endorsing mid-level products, which was a high starting point, so there was no need to take up other third-tier products. 
Rejecting so many advertisements all at once, Joanna Lawrence was indeed a bit reluctant. 
Even though she knew Linda’s decisions were certainly right and all in her best interest, she heard from Linda that the endorsement fees provided by those third-tier products were considerable and even higher than her current signing fee for the advertisement. 
As a newcomer who hasn’t really taken off, Joanna Lawrence still cared about those endorsement fees. 
Annie Lawrence and Joanna Lawrence advertised for the same product at the same time. 
One was amongst the A-list actresses. 
And the other was a newcomer. 
Yet, not only were Annie Lawrence’s sales that day not as good as Joanna Lawrence’s, but her sales over the next few days were also far less than Joanna’s. 
Annie’s first advertisement after being blocked for a while drove less sales than a newcomer. 
This made her anxious and angry, extremely restless. 
Her signing fee was higher than Joanna’s. 
But if the sales she drove were less than Joanna’s, others would not like to have her for their advertisements in the future, they might directly go for Joanna whose price was much lower. 
Annie Lawrence was terrified of such things happening, and she was also afraid her career would be affected by this. 
So, she had been working extra hard to please Mr. Green for a few days, and managed to get a supporting role in a blockbuster film shooting in the second half of the year. 
It was a movie with a substantial investment, filled with superstars. 
The director was the top notch in the relevant genre. 
The producer was also a very well-known one in the Film Circle. 
The script was written by top acclaimed screenwriters, and all the movies written by them had a box office base of at least one billion dollars. 
Although Annie Lawrence was a first-line actress, she had always been shooting TV series. 
She had thought about the film industry, but she simply wasn’t up to par. 
David Benington had helped her get some movie roles, but for those roles that could be obtained through connections, Annie Lawrence herself dismissed them. 
This time around, the casting opportunity for this movie was indeed very competitive. 
It wasn’t easy for Mr. Green to get her a place. 
Annie Lawrence placed great importance on this opportunity and even hired a related director from the Film Academy to give her private lessons. 
If she could be selected for this audition, even if it was just for a supporting role, it would greatly help her current career. 
So, Annie Lawrence was determined to improve her acting skills, hoping to be chosen. 
This time, she was certainly more diligent and serious than ever before. 
Previously, she could rely on David, so she didn’t feel any crisis. 
Now, even though Mr. Green completely indulged her, he was surrounded by many women and he certainly wasn’t a loyal person. 
Besides, Annie Lawrence didn’t want to keep serving an old man like Mr. Green. 
She had to increase her fame quickly, so when plenty of resources come knocking at her door, she could finally break free from her current constraints.
###Chapter 1507: Chapter 1324: Don’t You Have a Clue in Your Heart?
These days, the hot search on Blog has been all about Annie Lawrence and Joanna Lawrence. 
The sisters had both entered the entertainment industry and even fought over the same man on social media. 
Joanna is now a first-tier celebrity while her younger sister is still a newcomer, but the endorsement of the newcomer has a much higher sales volume than that of the elder sister’s. 
Adding on to their previous fights, it triggered various speculations among popcorn eaters. 
People say that Joanna hasn’t really hit her peak yet, but she is already far surpassing her sister. 
Once Gary White’s TV series wraps up and starts airing, if it becomes popular due to the TV series, won’t she kill Annie’s career? 
"I think it’s only a matter of time before Joanna becomes popular. She has looks, acting skills, and a good personality, and now it seems like she doesn’t lack resources. It would be unreasonable if she didn’t become popular." 
"Wasn’t it revealed before that Annie had suppressed her? If it weren’t for Annie’s suppression back then, maybe she would have already been popular. At least she would have reached the third-tier level. When Annie suppressed her back then, was it all because she was afraid that Joanna would become popular and steal her rice bowl?" 
"ively speaking, Joanna’s conditions are indeed much better than Annie’s. Annie has a small family jade appearance and looks rather petty without makeup, which probably lowers her beauty value. Joanna’s facial features are delicate and three-dimensional, sweeping Annie off the beauty charts. If the resources given to Annie back then had been given to Joanna, Joanna would definitely be mixing very well now. Annie only relied on Galaxy Agency, and now without it, she can’t get any good resources." 
"Hehe, Bitch Joanna has hired quite a few online trolls lately. Blowing her own horn so much, doesn’t she feel embarrassed? It’s fine to praise herself, but she always steps on Annie’s head, isn’t it disgusting? Please, Bitch Joanna, stop riding on Annie’s coattails for attention, have some shame." 
"Bitch Joanna, please be a human, she’s already been riding on Annie’s coattails for quite a few days now. Annie respects you as her sister and doesn’t hold you accountable, but that doesn’t mean we fans don’t. If you really are so capable, please let go of Annie. She’s a top-tier artist and far better than you, a D-list celebrity. Still have the face to brag about sales, who doesn’t know that it’s all brushed up? Try not brushing up, and see if anyone buys the products you endorse, don’t you have a clue in your heart?" 
Annie’s fans are fighting with netizens in the comments section again. 
Although the fans are speaking up for Annie, they are unaware that their actions will only attract more spectators. 
Many bystanders said they didn’t feel anything special about Annie before, but now they have turned black. 
On the other hand, Joanna’s fans showed good quality in this quarrel, reasoning with the other party and winning the goodwill of many bystanders. 
Other artists, even top-tier ones, seldom manage to trend daily. 
Usually, those who trend daily have company teams operating behind the scenes. 
But Joanna seems to have the innate ability to easily trend, the more she doesn’t want to appear on the hot search, the more likely she is to do so. 
Linda even lamented that she helped the company save a lot of money. 
Because of the good sales performance of the facial mask endorsed by Joanna, Shelly Elegance Company immediately signed her for a shampoo commercial. 
Joanna has particularly good hair quality - soft, shiny, silky, and smooth to the touch as if it has built-in special effects. 
Knowing that Joanna was going to shoot a commercial, Gary White deliberately moved the filming of her scenes to the front, leaving her three days off.
###Chapter 1508: Chapter 1325: Should I wake her up now?
This special treatment for Joanna Lawrence was unique among all the artists who had worked with Gary White. 
Behind his back, the film crew was chattering, claiming that Gary White doted on his cousin to the extreme. 
As if she were his own sister. 
Upon hearing these discussions, Joanna couldn’t help but feel the unique benefits of having a director as a brother, especially when this brother is currently her director. 
Initially, she thought that Gary White was an especially fair and selfless man. 
Only now does she see that, even the most fair and selfless person will have personal bias for someone. 
* 
Taking advantage of her break, Joanna went to shoot her new advertisement. 
This time, the filming was set in a vacation resort. 
Joanna went along with the staff from Shelly Elegance Company. 
Three hours later, the group arrived in Stornoway. 
Once they had exited the plane, someone came to receive them. 
Joanna and Nina took a separate car, while the other staff members took another. 
The vacation resort was in the suburbs, quite far from the airport. After more than two hours of driving, they finally arrived at the resort. 
By the time they reached their destination, the sky was nearly dark. 
The first day was for familiarization with the environment, and the filming would start on the second day. 
After the three slightly over hours flight, and a slightly over two hours drive, Joanna was so tired that she just greeted the staff upon arrival and went straight to her designated room to sleep, without even bothering to eat dinner. 
* 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna has already arrived at the resort. I heard that she went to sleep straight away without even eating dinner. Should we wake her up?" 
A black Bugatti drove into the resort. 
Upon disembarking, the resort’s butler, Rowan, reported Joanna’s movements to Frank Parker. 
In the dim night. 
The man’s figure was tall and slim, the soft features of his handsome face bathed in the solemn night, casting a chilly hue, highlighting his cold, daunting aura. 
His narrow, phoenix-like eyes glinted coldly, only revealing a hint of warmth for a couple of seconds when hearing the words "Ms. Joanna". 
The man walked swiftly, undoing the buttons of his shirt while heading towards the White Castle. 
"Since she’s already asleep, don’t wake her. Let her get a good rest. Order the kitchen staff to work 24/7 shifts. If she feels hungry, they should prepare whatever she wants to eat." 
Hearing this, the butler was taken aback and looked at him for a few moments extra. 
This resort was one of many properties owned by the Parker family. 
Frank Parker didn’t come here often. 
However, the butler remembered that he had brought Ms. Rebecca Kelloway from the Kelloway family here once before, treating her most attentively and considerately. 
Over the years, apart from Ms. Rebecca, Frank Parker hadn’t ever brought another woman here. 
The fact that Frank Parker was being so caring and attentive to a woman other than Rebecca Kelloway for the first time took the butler by surprise. 
Thinking of the beauty who looked like a fairy, the butler felt this wasn’t so surprising after all. 
Joanna was indeed very beautiful, if he were twenty years younger, he might himself have been smitten. 
Of course, Ms. Rebecca was also beautiful. 
But comparatively, the butler found Joanna’s appearance more pleasing to the eye. 
Rebecca Kelloway seemed... a bit too domineering. 
In his opinion, he preferred Joanna. 
With her captivating beauty, it wasn’t impossible for her to steal Mr. Parker’s heart.
###Chapter 1509: Chapter 1326: Thief-like Behavior
"Yes, Mr. Ashton. I will inform the kitchen right away. Will you have dinner now, or..." 
"No need to prepare my dinner. Just pay attention to Ms. Joanna. Fulfill any of her requests." 
Rowan: "Yes." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t know that the filming location of her ad was the property of the Parker family. 
She didn’t know that she was arranged to come here because of Frank Parker. 
Joanna was tired and sleepy. After finding the room arranged by Shelly Elegance Company, she took a bath, changed, and fell asleep on the bed. 
She slept very soundly. 
So soundly, that she didn’t know someone entered her room. 
Frank Parker knew his actions were despicable, and he knew he shouldn’t be doing it. 
However, he felt that he hadn’t seen Joanna Lawrence for a long time. 
He wanted to see her badly but couldn’t find a reason to visit her. 
So he arranged her to come here to film the advertisement. 
It was the vacation villa of the Parker family. 
Later, he could say that he came here for a short vacation. 
Such a reason wouldn’t arouse her suspicion. 
Before making this decision, Frank Parker hesitated for a long time. 
But he really wanted to see Joanna Lawrence, so despite his reservations, he couldn’t resist his inner desire and arranged for her to come. 
The sleeping girl was very sound asleep. 
Frank Parker walked to the bedside quietly. 
The curtains were not completely closed. 
A layer of pale moonlight came in from outside the window, as if a thin veil was draped over the sleeping girl’s body. Her elf-like beautiful face seemed peaceful and lovely, sleeping as if she was the Sleeping Beauty from a fairy tale. 
Moonlight, the girl on the bed, and the silent blooming flowers in the garden. 
Everything seemed so beautiful. 
Frank Parker stood silently by the bed for a while. Joanna suddenly turned over in bed. Frank thought she woke up and panicked. Just as he was about to hide, he noticed that Joanna’s eyes were still closed. 
She was still asleep, very soundly. 
Frank Parker sighed in relief while feeling disgusted at himself for acting like a thief. 
He had never done such a lowly thing before. 
Sneaking into a woman’s room and secretly watching her sleep. 
And he was uneasy and nervous about peeping. 
He feared that she would wake up at any second. 
After Joanna turned over, the thin blanket slipped off her body and onto the floor. 
Frank hesitated for a moment, and then bent down to gently cover her with the blanket again. 
His movements were very light, covering her while watching if she woke up. 
After covering her, Frank stood motionless by the bed for ten minutes and watched Joanna before leaving the room. 
In her sleep. 
Joanna felt a pair of eyes watching her, an intense gaze that she could not ignore. 
She wanted to see the owner of the gaze, but he hid in the dark. 
No matter how she tried to see, she couldn’t make out his appearance. 
But Joanna could feel that it was a man’s gaze. 
It was similar to Ashton Heath’s gaze, with possessiveness and a hint of obsession. Although it was similar, she knew it wasn’t Ashton. 
* 
After Frank Parker returned to his room, he thought for a moment and sent a message to Yannick Luther on Twitter.
###Chapter 1510: Chapter 1327: If She Doesn’t Marry Ashton, I’ll Pry Her Away
Frank Parker: If one day Ashton and I become enemies, whose side will you be on? 
Frank Parker quickly replied with two words: Holy shit. 
The next second, he called. 
The ringtone sounded urgently, as if urging Frank to hurry up and answer. 
Frank hesitated for a few seconds, then picked it up. 
"Holy shit, Frank, are you crazy? I’m telling you, you can’t have those crazy thoughts. Stop right now, and don’t think about it anymore!" 
Frank narrowed his eyes slightly and walked over to the wine cabinet, taking out a bottle of red wine. 
As he opened the bottle, he asked leisurely, "Do you know what I’m thinking?" 
"Of course, I do!" Yannick Luther said excitedly, "There’s no one who understands you better than me. The moment your little ass twitches, I know what you’re up to." 
Frank Parker: "..." 
"Haven’t I told you before, that no matter how tempted you are, you must control yourself. Frank, she’s Ashton’s wife, our sister-in-law. If she was still single, I’d support you 100% in pursuing her, but she’s married." 
"She married Ashton!" 
"If you make this kind of mistake, I won’t stand by you. You’re not valuing our brotherly bond; if you cared, you wouldn’t do this." 
"No one will support what you’re doing. Do you really want to break with all our brothers?" 
Yannick ranted excitedly. 
Frank listened without a word. When he finished, he replied indifferently, "Yannick, why are you so agitated? Don’t you think I know what you’re saying? If I really wanted to act, I wouldn’t have called you." 
He opened the red wine, poured a glass and drank it all in one gulp. 
He did have the impulse to act recklessly. 
But he knew the consequences. 
So he could only think about it. 
However, he was still unwilling in his heart and wanted to confide in someone. 
Among the group of friends, he and Yannick Luther have always shared everything with each other. At this time, he couldn’t think of anyone else to confide in other than Yannick. 
"Then why did you call me?" Yannick’s tone was less excited, "And what’s with the ridiculous statement about you and Ashton becoming enemies? You gave me a scare; I thought you were going to steal her." 
"Well, I had that thought." 
Frank Parker didn’t shy away: "If she weren’t married to Ashton, I would have." 
Yannick Luther: "Frank, you..." 
"Don’t lecture me, I know I shouldn’t even have those thoughts. But I can’t help it; what can I do?" Frank poured another glass of wine and forced a smile, "You and Miss Pell are unrealistic too, but can you forget her?" 
"Can you control yourself from thinking about her?" 
Yannick Luther: "... Who told you I can’t forget her! Miss Pell is just an ungrateful bitch, I’ve seen through her now. I’ve never been short of women by my side, so who needs her? What is she worth that I should miss her?" 
"You didn’t even mention her, and I completely forgot there was such a person." 
Frank Parker smiled: "Well, do you think I lack women in my life?" 
"Of course not, that’s why I don’t understand." 
"Don’t understand what?" 
"Frank, when you liked Rebecca Kelloway before, it didn’t stop you from being with other women. So why do you live like an ascetic monk now, with not even a shadow of a woman by your side?"
###Chapter 1511: Episode 1328: Are you sure you’re not teasing me?
"You can’t really plan to keep going like this. Wake up, it’s impossible between you and Joanna Lawrence, no matter how long you wait, it’s still impossible." 
Frank Parker pressed his lips together and fell silent for a moment. 
A moment later, he said in a deep voice, "Ashton." 
"Hmm, I’m listening." 
"You should know that ten years ago, I accidentally fell into the swimming pool, and it was Rebecca Kelloway who saved me. I was grateful for her life-saving grace and vowed to treat her well for the rest of my life. I also promised that as long as she was willing, I would marry her." 
"You mean this? I know about it. Why are you suddenly mentioning this?" 
"Actually, I don’t like Rebecca Kelloway." Frank Parker closed his eyes and said, "I’ve never liked her. I’ve never been clear about whether my feelings for her are out of affection or gratitude for her saving me." 
"But now, I’m clear." 
"What are you clear about?" 
"I’ve always been grateful to her, but I’ve never had romantic feelings for her. I treat her well because she saved me. I thought that whether or not I truly liked her, as long as she was willing to marry me, I would make her the happiest bride in the world." 
"Frank, what are you trying to say?" 
"I can tolerate having no love between us. But I can’t tolerate her deceiving me. I have appreciated her help for ten years, but she has deceived me for ten years. I was foolish to find out ten years later that she had tricked me. The person who saved me that night wasn’t her." 
"You want to know what happened between us, this is the answer." 
"You’re saying...the person who saved you that night wasn’t Rebecca Kelloway?" 
"Yes, it wasn’t her." 
"Then who was it?! Do you know who really saved you? Wait, Frank, you’re not going to tell me..." 
"The person who saved me that night was Joanna Lawrence." 
"Holy shit! This is too melodramatic, are you sure you’re not joking with me?!" 
Yannick Luther seemed to be overwhelmed by the shock, his voice full of disbelief. 
"So, you fell in love with someone else because of this? Just because you found out that the person who saved you was Joanna Lawrence, you think you like her now? Frank, this must be because of gratitude too, you don’t really like her." 
"No." Frank Parker rubbed his temples, "This time, I’m clear." 
Yannick Luther was silent for a few minutes. 
"Frank, I think..." He spoke again, choosing his words carefully, "No matter how special she is to you, it’s too late. Maybe you two are destined to have fate without a future, and that’s why you were deceived by Rebecca Kelloway for ten years." 
"If you’re grateful to her and want to repay her, there are many things you can do. But you and her, there’s really no chance. You know Ashton’s temper, once he’s set his mind on something, he won’t let go. You must never let Joanna know about this, if you still want to continue being his brother." 
"In a few days, I’ll arrange some beauties for you. I guarantee you’ll forget about all your feelings after playing a few times." 
He hung up the phone. 
Frank Parker thought about what Yannick Luther had just said, and couldn’t help but smirk self-mockingly. 
If only it was as easy as Yannick Luther said. 
He had tried using this method before. 
But the fact was, he had no interest in beautiful women, no matter how many there were around him. 
With her in his heart, all other women seemed bland and mundane. 
Even looking at them with disdain was too much. 
Yannick Luther hung up the phone, still worried, and sent him a Twitter message.
###Chapter 1512: Chapter 1329: Are You the Owner of This Manor?
Frank, you must not do anything stupid, you hear me! Otherwise, even our brotherhood will be broken! 
Frank Parker looked at the Twitter message he received, locked his phone, and threw it aside. 
He squinted at the dark night outside, knowing that it would be another sleepless night for him. 
* 
Joanna Lawrence woke up the next day. 
After freshening up, she went downstairs. The mansion’s maid, upon seeing her, respectfully greeted her, "Good morning, Ms. Joanna. Would you prefer foreign cuisine or foreign cuisine for breakfast? I’ll immediately inform the kitchen to prepare it for you." 
"Um, there’s no need to trouble yourself. I can do it myself..." Joanna felt that the maid’s attitude was a bit too good. 
The film crew had only rented a part of the villa for their shooting. 
But the maid treated her as if she was the hostess of the whole villa. 
"Ms. Joanna, it’s no trouble at all." Without letting her finish, the maid smiled and said, "Mr. Parker instructed us to take good care of Ms. Joanna." 
"Mr. Parker?" Joanna’s expression changed slightly, "Who is the Mr. Parker you’re talking about?" 
"Mr. Parker is the owner of this estate." 
Joanna frowned slightly. 
"Ms. Joanna, I’ll go and prepare breakfast for you. Please wait for a moment, it will be ready shortly." The maid didn’t say anything more and turned to leave. 
Joanna still stood there puzzled. 
Mr. Parker... 
The only person she knew with the last name Parker was... 
But there was no way it could be that one person, right? 
Frank Parker didn’t even know she was here. 
But if it wasn’t Frank Parker, who else could it be? 
Joanna stood in the hall for a while, guessing, but couldn’t figure out who it was. 
* 
Initially, Joanna thought that the breakfast for all the staff members would be the same as hers, but when she went to the dining room, she found that she was the only one there. 
Assuming that the others hadn’t gotten up yet, she sat in the dining room and waited for a while. 
After a few minutes, she heard footsteps. 
She raised her head and saw the person entering the dining room, her eyes widened in surprise. 
"Frank Parker?" 
As the man approached her, Joanna froze for a few seconds, "Why are you here?" 
She had just finished asking when she remembered the Mr. Parker mentioned by the maid earlier. 
Looking at the man who had already come to her side, her eyes grew even wider, "Are you the owner of this mansion?" 
"Are you surprised to see me?" Frank Parker hooked his lips into a smile, pulled out a chair and sat down across from her, his legs crossed and eyes fixed on her. "The Parker family owns properties in many places, and this estate is one of them." 
"The weather here is great and perfect for summer. I came here last night, planning to stay for a few days to escape the heat. I didn’t expect you to be here too." 
Frank Parker told the made-up story he had thought of beforehand. 
He lied with a straight face, completely calm and composed. 
Joanna believed him without any doubt. 
"So this really is your mansion, what a coincidence." 
"Yes, what a coincidence." Frank Parker’s eyes flickered as he looked at her, "You’re here to film a commercial? Is there anything I can help with?" 
"Mm, the film crew said they rented a location here to shoot a commercial. We just came here for the scenery, so there shouldn’t be anything else." 
Frank Parker nodded, "If there’s anything you need help with, just let me know." 
The maid brought in the prepared breakfast.
###Chapter 1513: Chapter 1330: Others Will Think I’m Trying to Be Special
There were foreign cuisine dishes as well. 
Joanna noticed that there were only two servings of the foreign cuisine. 
She looked towards the entrance of the dining room, and not seeing anyone else, couldn’t help but ask, "Mr. Parker, are you and I the only ones having breakfast here?" 
Frank Parker fell silent for a moment, then nodded, "Yes." 
"Aren’t the people who came with me eating here?" 
"Yes." Frank nodded again, pushing a glass of milk in front of her. "They have their own place and are not here." 
Joanna looked at the lavish breakfast spread before her, and although she was hungry, she pushed the glass of milk away. 
Frank Parker watched her do this, his eyebrows furrowing slightly. 
Joanna stood up: "Since I came with them, I should eat with them. Mr. Parker, thank you for your hospitality. Can you find someone to take me to them? I don’t know where they are." 
"Why bother looking for them?" Frank furrowed his brow again, "Breakfast is ready, just eat here. Don’t you like any of these dishes?" 
"It’s not that." Joanna pursed her lips, looking at him, "I just don’t think it’s appropriate. Others will think I’m trying to be special." 
In fact, the real reason was that Joanna wasn’t used to having breakfast with Frank Parker. 
For some reason, when she was alone with Frank Parker, she felt on edge. 
His kindness made her feel even more uneasy. 
She would actually prefer if he were to act as cold as before. 
But now, Frank Parker seemed like a different person. 
Not only did he stop making cold remarks, but Joanna even felt... he seemed to be treating her well. 
The drastic change made Joanna feel apprehensive. 
"Mr. Parker, I’d rather be with them." Joanna expressed her wish softly but firmly, "If you can’t find someone to take me to them, can you tell me where they are? I’ll find my way." 
Frank Parker’s thin lips tightened, and he looked at her, frowning: "Joanna, am I that scary? Are you afraid of me?" 
Joanna was momentarily startled, feeling a bit surprised. 
Frank Parker took a deep breath and continued, "I realized that you seem to really dislike being with me. Is it because you dislike my personality or because I was too harsh to you in the past, and you have a problem with me and don’t want to be with me?" 
"If it’s the former, you can mention what you don’t like about my personality." 
"If it’s the latter, I apologize. I did misunderstand you a lot in the past and did many bad things, but it won’t happen again. Can’t I just be friends with you now?" 
The last question was asked a bit cautiously. 
So cautiously that Joanna felt as if the man in front of her was no longer Frank Parker. 
After asking, Frank Parker pressed his lips and quietly waited for her answer. 
Joanna could tell that he genuinely wanted to know the answer, so she didn’t brush him off. She pondered carefully for a moment, then slowly said, "Mr. Parker, I believe there were indeed misunderstandings between us in the past, and I no longer hold a grudge about that. However, I am not able to become friends with you all at once." 
Frank Parker’s expression changed slightly, "Is it that you can’t accept it now, or you won’t be able to accept it ever?" 
Joanna thought for a moment, "For now, I can’t accept it. I’m sorry if what I said upset you..."
###Chapter 1514: Chapter 1331: This moment’s scene, beautiful like a painting
"It’s I who should apologize." Frank Parker gave a bitter smile. "If it weren’t for my prejudice against you in the beginning, it wouldn’t have come to this. Since you’re not comfortable being with me, I’ll have someone take you to find them." 
He finished speaking and called a maid to take Joanna Lawrence to the Shelly Elegance Company staff. 
"Mr. Parker, then I’ll be going. Take your time having breakfast." 
Joanna didn’t fail to notice the look of loss in Frank’s eyes. 
It’s just that she really didn’t want to be alone with Frank. 
Not only because he treated her poorly before, but also for other reasons. 
Joanna vaguely sensed something was off, but she couldn’t pinpoint exactly what it was. 
Anyway, the current Frank was acting strange, and she just wanted to avoid him. 
Soon, the maid took Joanna away from the dining room. 
The table was still laden with a bounty of food. 
After Joanna left, Frank lost his appetite. 
Once again, he fell into regret and frustration. 
If he hadn’t had those prejudices against her before, if his initial attitude towards her hadn’t been like that, if he had been like Yannick Luther from the start. 
Would she still treat him like she does now? 
Unfortunately, there is no such thing as turning back in this world. 
Even if he regrets it now, it won’t make up for the horrible things he did before. 
With Joanna gone, Frank no longer had an appetite. 
He tossed the fork and knife in his hand and made a call. 
Soon, the other side picked up, and the person respectfully answered, "Mr. Parker." 
Frank’s eyes narrowed, and he directly asked, "What’s the schedule for today, and how long will this ad take to film?" 
The person on the other end immediately replied, "Today, the whole day will be spent filming at the manor. If everything goes well, it should be completed within two days." 
After asking this question, Frank hung up the phone. 
He turned his head and looked at the weather outside, then called a maid over. 
"Mr. Ashton." 
Frank thought for a moment and said, "Today’s weather is hot. Later, have someone bring some refreshing treats to the film crew at the manor, and make sure they are well taken care of. Fulfill any needs they have." 
"Yes, Mr. Ashton. I will arrange it right away." 
The maid took her task and left. 
Frank looked back out the window, his eyes revealing a forlorn expression. 
Perhaps, the little things he could do for her were only these. 
* 
On the other side. 
Joanna followed the film crew to the filming location, which was a backyard of the manor. 
It was large and beautiful, with several fountains. 
She put on the white long dress prepared by the crew, let her hair down naturally, and, following the director’s instructions, walked towards a cluster of flowers. 
She didn’t know that in a white building next to the garden, someone was watching her from a window. 
In the sunlight, a gentle breeze, the ethereal beauty stood among the vibrant colors, her white dress making her look like an angel descending from heaven. The sunlight fell around her, like a halo dispersing. 
As she turned around and smiled, it seemed as if stars had fallen into her eyes, and they shone with brilliance. 
This moment’s scene was as beautiful as a painting. 
Frank stood by the window, watching her with a fascinated gaze. 
* 
The morning’s part of the ad went smoothly. 
During the break, Ashton Heath called. 
Joanna picked up. 
The man’s low and gentle voice entered her ears, "How is the ad filming going? Is everything going smoothly?"
###Chapter 1515: Chapter 1332: What do you think has changed about him?
"Yeah, everything went smoothly." Joanna sat in a resting area in the garden, picked up a cup of icy Aguas Frescas, and took a sip. Wiping the sweat from her forehead, she said, "If the shooting is done tomorrow, I’ll have one more day off. I can go back to Closia right away."
"At that time, I’ll come to your company to find you." 
After Joanna asked, she realized he might not be at the company, so she asked, "Will you be at the company these few days? Will my visit affect your work?" 
"With you around, of course it will affect my work." Ashton Heath chuckled, "With you by my side, I won’t have the heart to do other things. There’s only one thing I’d want to do." 
Joanna: "..." 
She seriously doubted that he was joking, but she had no evidence. 
"Ashton Heath, can you be more serious?" 
The man laughed again in a low voice: "Alright, let’s get back to the point. Baby, you can come whenever you want, just let me know beforehand, and I’ll arrange for someone to pick you up. Coincidentally, Uncle Damien is bringing Jeremy over for dinner tomorrow, and you haven’t seen Jeremy in a while." 
When he mentioned Jeremy Lawrence, Joanna thought about the various situations when she last met with Jeremy, and her eyebrows furrowed slightly, "Ashton Heath, have you seen Jeremy recently?" 
Thinking of Jeremy, Joanna felt a little uneasy in her heart. 
Even though she knew Ashton Heath would definitely help Jeremy and not let anything happen to her brother, Lady Delilah was not an easy person to deal with. 
Ashton Heath couldn’t possibly keep an eye on Jeremy at all times. 
Most importantly, Joanna felt that Jeremy had changed. 
Even if the change was subtle, she indeed sensed it. 
And such a change made Joanna feel uneasy in her heart. 
But Jeremy was already an adult. 
Although they were siblings, they were living their own lives, and she couldn’t always keep an eye on Jeremy. 
"Hmm, I saw him once. Jeremy didn’t quite understand some business matters and came to find me at the company once. What’s going on?" 
Joanna pursed her lips and remained silent for a while before asking, "Did you notice anything unusual about Jeremy? I mean, did you find any differences between him and before?" 
Ashton Heath pondered for a moment, "Now that you mention it, he seems to have changed a bit." 
Joanna’s heart tightened, and her eyebrows furrowed more tightly, "What changes have you noticed?" 
Ashton Heath paused again, "Maybe he has matured a bit. Why are you suddenly asking about this?" 
Joanna gripped her phone tightly, "I can’t really explain, but I feel that Jeremy is different. There’s something about him that feels off to me. I don’t know if it’s just me overthinking. Lately, I’ve been wondering if bringing Jeremy back to the Heath family was the right decision." 
"Is Jeremy happy now?" 
"I never hoped for us siblings to live a life of great wealth and luxury. For me, a simple and happy life is more important. You know, joining a professional gaming team has always been Jeremy’s dream, but now, he told me he gave up on his dream." 
"I know, he definitely doesn’t want to give up." 
After listening, Ashton Heath fell silent for a while. 
"Baby, Jeremy is an adult now. He has his own ability to think and knows what he wants. In my opinion, his return to the Heath family is fated."
###Chapter 1516: Chapter 1333: His tone was off
He’s a smart kid, he won’t make a mess of his life. So you don’t have to worry about him anymore, whatever his choice is, all we have to do is support him." 
"As for the rest, we can’t interfere." 
"People can’t always live their lives the way they want to. Very few can do that. It’s not necessarily the case that Jeremy’s current choice is the wrong one for him. I talked with him last time we met, and I think he might be well-suited to his current life." 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and was silent for a while. 
"So don’t think too much about it. Jeremy is not a child anymore, and there is nothing you can do about many things. I’ve told you, I will protect both of you. " 
"Don’t you trust me?" 
"It’s not that." Joanna sighed softly, "How could I not trust you? You’re right, Jeremy has grown up, and he knows how to choose his own life. Well, I’ll talk to him again when I go back." 
"Mhm, don’t think too much." 
The two talked for a while, and Joanna was about to hang up the phone. 
At this moment, she suddenly heard a staff member behind her call out: "Mr. Parker." 
Then a flurry of footsteps sounded. 
Joanna turned her head and saw a few people surrounding Frank Parker as they walked over. 
Frank glanced in her direction, then looked away and talked to the staff for a few moments. 
Joanna also looked away, ready to hang up the phone. 
But Ashton Heath suddenly said, "Wait. Joanna, where are you right now?" 
Joanna was startled, then replied: "Didn’t I tell you? I’m shooting an advertisement in Stornoway." 
"Where in Stornoway? I thought I just heard Frank’s voice. Are you with Frank?" 
Joanna was taken aback again. 
She quickly replied, "Yes, I’m in a villa. I just found out that the villa is a property under the Parker family." 
"So Frank is there too? What’s he doing there?" 
Joanna wasn’t sure if it was just her imagination, but she felt that Ashton’s tone seemed somewhat displeased. 
But she didn’t think too much about it. 
"He said the weather is nice here, and he came to escape the heat. Is there a problem?" 
"Escaping the heat?" Ashton suddenly let out a cold laugh, "No problem, I was just asking casually. I’ll call Frank later. Since you’re in his garden, he needs to take good care of you. And don’t be too polite to him, just tell him what you need." 
"Okay, I understand." 
Ashton talked with her for a bit more. 
It was just some everyday care and concern, like telling her to eat well, sleep well, and pay attention to her safety. 
After hanging up the phone. 
Joanna felt that Ashton seemed to be angry. 
His tone was off during the last few minutes before hanging up. 
Although it wasn’t too obvious, Joanna felt it. 
She thought, could it be that Ashton was angry because of Frank Parker? 
After all, he was fine before, but it was only when he found out that Frank was with her that his tone suddenly changed. 
Joanna suddenly remembered that she and Frank had been rumored a few times before. 
Could it be that Ashton was jealous of Frank because of that? 
Joanna felt it was quite possible. 
Ashton was such a jealous person. 
Not to mention being jealous of his own brother, he was even jealous of Aria Rowlett before.
###Chapter 1517: Chapter 1334: President Ashton post-marriage is really capricious.
However, Joanna Lawrence didn’t take this matter to heart. 
She only thought it was due to Ashton Heath’s jealousy, just like his previous jealousy towards Cody Aberton and Aria Rowlett. 
* 
The Heath Group. 
Cody Aberton was standing in front of his desk, watching his boss’s rapidly changing facial expressions - one moment everything was fine, the next second the clear sunny day turned cloudy. 
By the time the phone conversation ended, Mr. Ashton’s face had completely turned stern. 
If it was overcast before. 
Now, it was as if a storm had descended. 
Seeing this, Cody Aberton felt a bit fearful. 
He hesitated for a moment and cautiously said, "President Ashton, President Packenham from Packenham Motors is waiting in the reception room." 
At the desk. 
The man wore a serious expression, his handsome and profound face intimidating to all. 
Even if Cody Aberton had been with Ashton Heath for so many years, at this time, he was also a bit fearful. 
However, Cody Aberton was a bit curious. 
Wasn’t President Ashton just talking to Ms. Joanna on the phone? 
How could he be this upset? 
Did he have a quarrel with Ms. Joanna? 
But that doesn’t seem likely. 
When he was talking to Ms. Joanna just now, his tone was very gentle and before ending the call, he repeatedly reminded Ms. Joanna about various things. 
This doesn’t seem like they had a quarrel. 
After Cody Aberton gave his reminder, Ashton Heath said nothing, so he didn’t dare to remind him again. 
At this time, President Ashton was in a bad mood, possibly looking for a person to vent his frustrations on, and he certainly didn’t want to be that person. 
Cody Aberton dared not remind again, he just quietly waited in the office. 
After waiting for almost ten minutes, he heard Ashton call him. 
"Cody Aberton." 
"President Ashton, do you need anything?" Cody Aberton immediately replied. 
"What are my schedules for the next two days?" Ashton Heath asked a question that Cody Aberton did not anticipate. 
Cody Aberton was stunned for a few seconds, swiftly recollected his thoughts, and immediately replied, "Today’s schedule includes a dinner party in the evening. Tomorrow, you are to visit a subsidiary company for inspection, and then there’s a project waiting for your inspection." 
"Tomorrow’s schedules are all in Lymebridge. Tomorrow evening, you’ve arranged a dinner with your family at home." 
"As for the day after tomorrow..." 
Ashton Heath raised his hand to interrupt the reporting Cody Aberton, "Cancel tonight’s dinner, and cancel tomorrow’s schedule as well. Book me a flight to Stornoway two hours from now."
"President Ashton." Cody Aberton opened his eyes wide, "You are going to Stornoway? But these few days..." 
"Can’t you understand my words?" Ashton Heath’s face turned colder, "What are you standing around for, go book the flight. Notify the Vice President that he will need to handle all company matters in the next two days, with your assistance. I believe you both can handle these matters." 
"If you can’t handle it, there is no need to continue working at the company." 
Cody Aberton: "..." 
And there goes the threat of sending him to Africa for coal mining again. 
Mr. Ashton is really unreasonable. 
After getting married, he’s become extremely capricious. 
This behavior was something he absolutely would not have displayed in the past. 
Right now, work probably doesn’t matter to Mr. Ashton anymore. 
Now, Ms. Joanna is the one who ranks first in his heart. 
Flying to Stornoway... isn’t it just to see Ms. Joanna? 
In most couples, it’s usually the wife who is more clingy. 
When it comes to Mr. Ashton, it turns out that he’s the clingy one. 
He had never thought that when Mr. Ashton falls in love, he would be like this! 
Although his boss was being very capricious and he had his own opinions about it, he could only keep his anger to himself and not utter a word in protest.
###Chapter 1518: Chapter 1335: He Doesn’t Seem to Be That Hospitable, Right?
Who could blame him? He was the boss. 
He owned the company, so he could be as capricious as he wanted. 
"Yes, President Ashton, I’ll book the flight right away." Cody Aberton was afraid that Ashton Heath’s next words would involve sending him to Fronterra to dig coal. After saying this, he quickly turned and left the office. 
* 
At noon, everyone in the film crew was invited to the building where Frank Parker lived, to have lunch with him. 
Usually, a different group of people would be hosting them. 
The treatment they enjoyed was also of a different nature. 
The chefs who cooked for Frank were from the manor’s other kitchens, and they were only responsible for Frank’s meals, not for treating guests. 
The employees who were invited to have lunch with Frank were very excited, discussing animatedly: "Is this manor really owned by the Parker family? Is Mr. Parker here too? I’ve heard he has a bad temper, but I never thought he’d invite our crew to have dinner. It seems Mr. Parker is actually quite a nice person." 
"So, Mr. Parker will be there too? I’ve only seen him on news reports, but never met him in person. Do you think he’ll look better in person than in pictures?" 
There were female employees among the crew. 
When talking about tall, rich, and handsome men like Frank Parker, they were naturally very interested. 
The girls gathered together, discussing enthusiastically, their eyes filled with excitement and anticipation, and a hint of shyness. 
Frank Parker and his entourage represented the highest social class in Closia. 
He also happened to be extremely good-looking, attracting a flock of women. 
Calling them heaven’s princes would not be an exaggeration. 
As heaven’s princes, they belonged to a social class that ordinary people couldn’t reach. 
These female employees usually didn’t have the opportunity to make contact with them. 
Thinking that they would meet Frank Parker shortly, these female employees couldn’t keep their composure. 
The most normal and calm people were probably Joanna Lawrence. and Nina. 
"Joanna, why do you think Mr. Parker wants to invite us to dinner?" Nina was a bit puzzled. "He doesn’t seem like such a hospitable person. And I think he definitely doesn’t like the idea of others sitting with him at meals." 
"Is it because of you?" Nina said. 
"Because of me?" 
"Yeah, isn’t Mr. Parker friends with your boyfriend? Knowing that you’re here, he wants to play the good host. But it wouldn’t be very nice to invite you alone, so he invited the whole crew. In a way, we’re all basking in your glory." 
Joanna pressed her lips together without speaking. 
She was actually very puzzled about why Frank Parker would think of inviting the entire film crew to dinner. 
He didn’t seem like such a hospitable person at all. 
When dealing with people he didn’t know, he was cold and indifferent. 
He definitely wouldn’t be so enthusiastic as to invite everyone to have dinner with him just because someone was shooting a commercial on his estate. 
It couldn’t be because of her either. 
Joanna felt that she didn’t have such a big influence. 
She couldn’t figure out the reason. 
* 
As they approached the dining area, someone came out to greet them. 
But the receptionist ignored the others and went straight to Joanna, politely saying, "Ms. Joanna, Mr. Ashton is already waiting. Please follow me." 
Nina glanced at the receptionist and whispered to Joanna, "I told you, Mr. Parker invited us because of you." 
Joanna didn’t answer. 
She still didn’t think she had such a big influence. 
She led Nina and followed the receptionist. 
Behind them, others whispered, "I knew there was no way someone like Mr. Parker would invite us to eat with him."
###Chapter 1519: Chapter 1336: Wanting to Get Close to Him, But Also Fearful of Him
"So, it’s because of Joanna Lawrence. Does she carry such weight?" 
"I remember when Joanna Lawrence went public with her boyfriend, Mr. Parker also started following her boyfriend and even re-blogged his posts. I guess she and her boyfriend must be quite close with Mr. Parker, and that’s why Mr. Parker knew she was here, so..." 
"From the looks of it, Joanna Lawrence is pretty important to her boyfriend. Even personalities like Mr. Parker take her seriously." 
"Her boyfriend and Mr. Parker are good friends, so her boyfriend must have quite an impressive background. I’m so envious of her. She’s a real-life Cinderella, and once she marries into a wealthy family, she’ll be a wealthy wife." 
"I’m really curious about who her boyfriend is." 
"Anyway, he’s connected to the Heath family. Even if he’s from a side branch of the family, that’s still a pretty impressive status." 
Joanna Lawrence entered the dining room, noticing that Frank Parker was already seated at the dinner table. 
The long table was filled with delicious food. 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna has arrived." 
When Frank Parker lifted his head and saw Nina following Joanna, he briefly furrowed his brow before quickly returning to normal. 
He smiled lightly, "I wasn’t sure what you liked, so I had the kitchen make a variety of things. Take a look and see if there’s anything you fancy. If not, we can have the chef make a few more dishes." 
Joanna scanned the table and then retracted her gaze, "I’m not picky, anything is fine." 
"That’s good." 
Frank Parker gestured for her to sit down, "You can relax. We’ve known each other for a while now. Is this young lady your assistant?" 
"M-Mr. Parker, hello. I’m Joanna’s assistant, my name is Nina." Upon being addressed, Nina looked up at Frank Parker. Before she even had a chance to swoon over his looks, she was taken aback by his cold gaze. 
She only looked at him for a second, before quickly diverting her gaze. 
Oh my, Mr. Parker is indeed very handsome, on par with top-tier pretty boys. 
But this kind of beauty is only meant to be admired from a distance. 
Even if Nina was drawn to his looks, she wouldn’t dare to approach such a man. 
After Frank Parker asked Nina one question, he didn’t speak to her anymore. 
After Joanna and Nina sat down, more people gradually trickled into the dining room. 
With the arrival of more people, the room immediately became more lively. 
A hint of displeasure showed on Frank Parker’s face. Normally, he would have had these intruders thrown out for disturbing his peace. 
But at present, he needed these people in order to have a legitimate dinner with Joanna. 
So, despite his internal dissatisfaction and distaste, he kept it to himself. 
The crowd that had been invited into the dining room immediately noticed Frank Parker sitting at the center of the table as they entered. 
His appearance was so outstanding that, even though they were used to seeing beautiful men and women in the entertainment industry, they were still stunned. 
A few female employees couldn’t help but feel a flutter in their hearts upon seeing this handsome and noble man. 
Frank Parker’s reputation amongst the children of influential families in Closia was not very good. 
Even though his family background was impressive, and he was incredibly attractive himself, his nearly perfect persona was overshadowed by something he had done in the past. As a result, many people were wary around him. 
Women were both eager to get close to him and afraid of him. 
After all, it was rumored that his illness was still not completely cured. Even if it was currently under control, it didn’t mean that it wouldn’t flare up in the future.
###Chapter 1520: Chapter 1337: Suddenly Got a Mouthful of Puppy Love Unprepared
Once it breaks out, it can be very dangerous. 
That means being with Frank Parker carries a certain degree of risk. 
Even so, many women still flock to him like moths to a flame. 
His face and family background are enough to make many women forget the danger he poses. 
These female employees had only seen Frank on TV and in magazines. When they saw him in person looking even better, they couldn’t help but swoon. 
However, Frank never gave them a single glance from beginning to end. 
There were a few empty seats next to Frank, but no one dared to sit next to him. 
After the maid arranged seats for everyone else, Frank didn’t pick up his fork first and everyone else remained seated properly. 
Frank glanced at Joanna and said, "Thank you all for your hard work. Since you’re at my estate, you are my guests. I’ve asked the kitchen to prepare some home-cooked side dishes for you all. Please don’t stand on ceremony and enjoy your meal."
The others looked at the sumptuous spread on the table, over-the-top for home-cooked food, and were puzzled about the meaning of "home-cooked dishes." 
Is this really home-style cooking? 
Perhaps, this is just the Parker family’s version of home-style cooking. 
At this moment, they were indeed quite aware of the gap. 
While Frank was there, it was impossible not to be restrained. 
He had a strong presence. As long as he was at the table, others couldn’t relax and enjoy their meal. 
The meal ended up being quite quiet. 
At the table, apart from Frank, the only person who could let loose and eat was Joanna. 
From beginning to end, she didn’t say anything and just focused on her meal. 
* 
After the meal, there were two hours for rest. 
The maids came and cleared away the table. 
Frank left first. As soon as he left, a few female employees gathered around Joanna. 
"Joanna, you must have a good relationship with Mr. Parker. Do you know if he has a girlfriend or if he’s single?" 
"I heard he has a violent temper and becomes very scary when it flares up, not recognizing anyone. Is it true? Have you seen him lose control?" 
"Do you know what kind of girl Mr. Parker likes? Can you introduce me to him? I want to be friends with him." 
Joanna: "..." 
She didn’t expect Frank to be so popular. 
These female employees seemed to be completely enamored with him. 
She didn’t know much about Frank, so how could she know his affairs? 
Moreover, she thought Frank looked good, but that kind of personality... not many women could stand it, right? 
She couldn’t help but ask, "What do you like about him?" 
"Of course, it’s because he’s both handsome and rich." 
"Yeah, he’s rich and so good-looking. His face alone is enough for a debut." 
"Joanna, don’t you think Mr. Parker is handsome?" 
"Joanna’s boyfriend is a super handsome guy. She sees her boyfriend’s face every day so it’s normal for her not to feel anything about other men’s looks." 
"Yeah, Joanna. What’s it like seeing your boyfriend’s face every day? Do you get immune to it after a while?" 
Immune? 
Joanna thought carefully and shook her head. 
She didn’t know if she would become immune to Ashton’s looks in the future. 
But for now, every time she saw Ashton, her heart would still race. 
"I don’t think I’ll be immune to it." She paused for a moment before continuing, "I still often feel my heart race and think he’s really handsome." 
Caught off-guard by the sudden dose of puppy love, everyone else: "..."
###Chapter 1521: Chapter 1338: If I don’t admit it, will you believe me?
They shouldn’t have asked that question! 
* 
Joanna Lawrence didn’t expect Ashton Heath to come. 
Frank Parker didn’t expect Ashton Heath to come either. 
He watched as the man stepped out of the car, standing still, his face expressionless. 
"Ashton, I didn’t expect you to have time to come here." Frank Parker seemed to notice the coldness in Ashton Heath’s eyes and smiled sarcastically, "Is it because you don’t trust someone that you came? You don’t need to make this trip, just give me a call." 
"Frank, didn’t you listen to what I told you before?" Ashton’s expression was icy, and there was a dangerous look in his eyes. "Don’t you know why I’m here? In front of me, stop playing these mind games." 
"I should be the one asking you why you’re here." 
Frank Parker’s expression faltered for a moment before he smirked again. "Ashton, I’m not sure I understand what you’re asking. This is the estate of the Parker family; isn’t it normal for me to be here?" 
"It is the estate of the Parker family, that’s true. But why you’re here, you know the reason, and I know the reason too. Frank, considering our years-long friendship, I’m warning you one last time." 
"Keep all those thoughts to yourself. If I find out about it one more time, don’t blame me for being ruthless. It’s useless for you to think about it. Joanna is now my woman. She will always be, for the rest of our lives." 
"You won’t have any chance. Do you understand?" 
Ashton stood in the shadows beneath a tree. 
The light was behind him, his eyes were pitch black and calm, his expression indifferent and emotionless as he looked at Frank Parker. 
The words he spoke were just as cold. 
But Frank knew him and naturally understood that Ashton was already angry. 
Ashton’s anger did not show on the surface. 
When he was genuinely angry, the calmer and more indifferent he acted, the more fearful it would be. 
How could Frank not understand him? 
He and Ashton shared some similarities in character. 
Both had a strong possessive desire for the things they liked. 
Both did not allow any coveting parties. 
Both would have a desire for destruction towards any ill-intentioned coveters. 
He knew it very well. 
If it weren’t for the years of friendship between him and Ashton, it wouldn’t have just been a warning. 
With tight-lipped silence for a moment, Frank suddenly laughed: "Ashton, there’s no need to be so tense. I know you care about her, so even if I have any thoughts, I’ve always restrained myself. I know all the things you said." 
"So, you can rest assured. It’s just wishful thinking, and I’ve never thought about putting it into action. If she didn’t love you, I’d say I want to steal her away anyway. But I can tell that she likes you." 
"Ashton, you’re very happy and very lucky to be able to marry the woman you like. But I can’t, so I’ve accepted my fate. However, no matter what, I still need to repay her for saving my life." 
Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed: "Are you finally willing to admit it?" 
Frank Parker chuckled: "If I don’t admit it, will you believe me?" 
"Of course not." 
"So, since you already have doubts, I might as well admit to it straightforwardly. I’ve known all along that I can’t hide this from you, so I don’t want to." 
As soon as Frank Parker finished speaking, he felt a shadow fall over him. 
Ashton Heath grabbed him by the collar: "Do you think that telling me all this will make me not mind?"
###Chapter 1522: Chapter 1339: I Must See You Immediately
Frank Parker didn’t move, "I was just telling the truth. Ashton, I actually met her ten years ago, but I wasn’t as lucky as you. God gave me a chance, and I didn’t take it." 
"So you must be good to her, for the rest of your life. If one day you change your heart and are not good to her, by then I won’t hesitate anymore."
As the words left Frank’s mouth, a fist landed on his face. 
Ashton Heath pushed him away, his eyes were cold, and it seemed as if they were surrounded by ice: "Don’t be delusional, you’ll never have a chance in this life." 
With that punch, there were traces of blood around Frank Parker’s mouth. 
He wiped it off without hesitation, and smiled, "Is that so? It’s better this way. Ashton, I hope I don’t have such an opportunity as well. So, always be good to her, always treat her well." 
"You must make her the happiest woman in the world." 
"That way, I will have no chance to take advantage of the situation." 
Only when she and Joanna became even happier, could he slowly give up. 
* 
"Miss Joanna, someone’s looking for you." 
A maid from the manor approached Joanna Lawrence during her break time. 
Hearing that someone was looking for her, Joanna was puzzled, "Do you know who it is?" 
The maid recalled the handsome young man she had just seen, and a blush appeared on her face. She looked at Joanna with a mixture of admiration, envy, and resentment, "It’s a young man who says he’s your family member." 
"My family member?" 
Joanna was even more confused. 
She first thought of Jeremy Lawrence when she heard it was a young man and her family member. However, she felt it was unlikely to be him. 
Today was not a weekend, and Jeremy was still attending school. 
There was nothing special going on, so he had no reason to visit her at this time. 
With doubt, Joanna followed the maid away. 
A few moments later. 
When she saw Ashton Heath, she thought she was hallucinating. 
He stood tall and straight, his back to her, in the bedroom she was temporarily staying in. 
As Joanna opened the door, the man standing by the window slowly turned around. 
"Ashton, Ashton Heath?" Joanna’s eyes widened in disbelief, standing at the doorway. 
She couldn’t believe that the man she had talked to on the phone just a few hours ago was now standing in front of her. 
Joanna was so surprised that she stood at the door without moving. 
Ashton took quick steps toward her, reaching out to pull her into the bedroom, while the other hand gently closed the door. 
In the blink of an eye, Joanna smelled the familiar and pleasant scent of the man’s embrace, as he held her tightly. 
Leaning on his sturdy chest, listening to his strong, clear heartbeat, it took Joanna a while to regain her composure. 
"How did you...?" 
She looked up just as she started to speak, but Ashton grasped her chin, her eyes meeting his deep, dark ones. 
"I worried about you." 
"Worried about me?" Joanna blinked her eyes, her face full of confusion, "I’m fine, why are you worried about me?" 
Ashton’s thin lips pressed together, not answering her question, but replied with an unrelated remark, "What, are you not happy to see me? You don’t like that I came to accompany you?" 
"...No, it’s not." 
"Then that’s fine." Ashton hugged her again, gently pushing aside a strand of hair from her forehead, "No matter what the reason for my visit, just think of it as me missing you so much that I couldn’t help myself and needed to see you right away."
###Chapter 1523: Chapter 1340: This really puts pressure on me
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
Ashton Heath loosened his grip on her and gently held her hand: "Did Frank treat you well?" 
Joanna thought of the phone call earlier, her eyes widened bit by bit, and said incredulously: "Ashton Heath, you didn’t come here because Frank Parker was also here, and you were jealous, did you?" 
If that was the case, she didn’t know what to say. 
This jealousy was too exaggerated. 
More exaggerated than any other time. 
Ashton Heath’s eyes narrowed, a flicker of unusual color flashed in their depths: "You think I’m jealous of Frank? Why do you think so?" 
"Do I need to say it?" Joanna laughed, "You mind that I was rumored to be with him twice before, right? I told you, there’s nothing between us. Meeting on the plane that time was just a coincidence, and so was the next encounter." 
"Isn’t he your good friend? You know what kind of person your own friend is, whether they’re trustworthy or not, don’t you?" 
After saying these words, Joanna felt Ashton Heath’s face changing slightly. 
It turned out that she didn’t know about Frank’s feelings for her. 
Frank was his friend, and he used to think he knew him well. 
But now, he really didn’t know what Frank was thinking. 
He trusted his wife, but he didn’t trust Frank. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have made this trip. 
It was precisely because he knew that he and Frank were similar in some ways that he knew very well that once they wanted something, they would get it at all costs. 
If they couldn’t get it, they wouldn’t give up easily. 
He never believed that Frank would be willing to give up. 
"You really came because of him?" Joanna saw his silence and was speechless, "Ashton Heath, you’re too dramatic. Don’t you trust your own friend? This puts pressure on me, you know?" 
A man with a strong possessiveness. 
Although it was a sign that he cared about her, Joanna was indeed under a lot of pressure. 
She knew he was jealous, so she had been careful to keep her distance from others. 
If he wanted the security of not being able to have any communication with the opposite sex, she definitely couldn’t do it. 
She liked him and was willing to be with him. 
But in her life, there was more than just love.
To her, love was just a part of life. 
But she could feel that Ashton Heath’s concern for this relationship had gone beyond many things. 
Love might not be everything to him, but it occupied seventy percent of his life. 
The man pursed his lips and silently looked at her. 
Joanna: "...This really puts pressure on me. In the future, even if I have normal contact with others, I’ll worry about whether you’ll misunderstand, whether you’ll be jealous, and whether you’ll be angry." 
"I’ll be cautious when talking to others." 
"This will make me feel very tired." 
Joanna looked at the still silent man, sighed softly, and tried to reason with him in a gentle voice: "Ashton Heath, can you trust me more? I married you, and I want to spend my life with you." 
"If marriage can’t give you a sense of security, then I really don’t know what to do." 
The man was silent for a long time before he finally spoke: "So, have I already made you feel pressured?"
###Chapter 1524: Chapter 1341: No Matter What Happens, You Can’t Hate Me
"If you feel stressed, what would you do? Would that make you gradually dislike me?" 
He knew all too well that his actions would put pressure on her. 
It’s just that... he was too afraid of losing her. 
"Joanna, would you hate me?" The man spoke again, his voice becoming hoarse. 
"How could I hate you?" Joanna sighed lightly, took his hand, and looked up at him earnestly. "Ashton Heath, I know you care about me. When I said those things earlier, I didn’t mean that I hated you. I just wish you could trust me more and have more confidence in yourself." 
"You’re so good to me. Everyone says that I must have saved the Milky Way in my previous life to have met you, and I’ve always believed that. I’ll treasure such luck to have found such a good husband as you all my life." 
"So you don’t need to worry about anyone taking me away. That’s because someone has already taken root in my heart, and there’s no room for anyone else." 
"My husband is the best man in the world. With such a wonderful husband, how could I have eyes for anyone else?" 
The coldness in the man’s eyes gradually dissipated, and a warm temperature slowly returned. 
Seeing this, Joanna pursued her advantage and praised him again: "With such a good husband, I can’t help but love you! How could I hate you? If anyone should worry, it should be me. If I don’t keep a close eye on my wonderful husband, what if someone steals him away?" 
A hint of a smile appeared in the man’s eyes. 
Joanna glanced at him and solemnly said, "Ashton Heath, you really don’t need to worry. I’m yours in this life and will always be. You don’t need to worry about someone taking me away. Unless one day you don’t want me anymore, otherwise, I won’t leave you." 
"How could I not want you?" Ashton tightened his arms around her. "Even if one day you don’t want me, I won’t let you go. Joanna, I want you for a lifetime. I understand your intentions, and I will give you more freedom in the future." 
"You don’t like it when I push you too hard. I will change. But no matter what, you can’t hate me." 
"Mm, I don’t hate you." Joanna reached out to hug the insecure man and coaxed him softly, like a child. "Ashton Heath, no matter what, I will never hate you." 
* 
When Joanna returned to the film shooting location, Ashton Heath took her there. 
After dropping her off, he left. 
As soon as Ashton left, a group of female staff members gathered around, all with excited and thrilled expressions. They grabbed Joanna’s arm and asked, "Joanna, was that your boyfriend just now? Did he come to visit you on set?" 
Joanna nodded generously, "Yes, that’s my boyfriend." 
"Wow, your boyfriend is so handsome. He’s so much more handsome in person than in the pictures. What kind of divine boyfriend is this? With his looks, he could easily enter the entertainment industry directly." 
"Your boyfriend is so great, he even came to visit you on set. Just now, I saw the tender and indulgent look in his eyes when he looked at you." 
"Are handsome guys hanging out with handsome guys now? Both Mr. Parker and your boyfriend’s looks easily outshine many young idols in the entertainment industry." 
One by one, the female staff members looked envious. 
They were all thinking, why is her life so good? 
At merely twenty years old, she was already a winner in life. 
Not only did she find a super handsome boyfriend, but he was also extremely wealthy and cared so much about her.
###Chapter 1525: Chapter 1342: Sudden Change of Expression on the Face
Compared to some female celebrities who accompany older men in exchange for resources, Joanna Lawrence’s situation was truly enviable. 
Her ex-boyfriend was the President of Galaxy Agency, and after breaking up with him, she found herself a tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend. 
With her boyfriend’s looks, there must be countless people who would willingly throw themselves at his feet if there were any unspoken rules. 
Accompanying an old man versus accompanying a tall, rich, and handsome man, anyone who isn’t an idiot would choose the latter. 
"Joanna, where did you find such a handsome boyfriend? Can you tell us if there’s any secret to it?" 
A group of girls surrounded Joanna Lawrence, chattering and laughing. 
The envy was genuine, as was the desire to find such a handsome boyfriend. 
However, asking Joanna Lawrence to help them find one was just a joke. 
Before interacting with Joanna, these employees thought she would be difficult to get along with because of her negative news in the past. 
But after truly getting to know her and finding out that she had a good temper and personality, this group of female employees liked her quite a lot. 
They naturally got along well with her. 
They had also had contact with Annie Lawrence before. 
Annie was a complete superstar, and even though her popularity had waned due to previous scandals, she was still very haughty. 
When drinking water, she would only drink a designated brand, and she wouldn’t take a sip of anything else. 
For hotel accommodations, she demanded to stay in the Presidential Suite or nothing. 
In short, her standards were always the highest. 
On the other hand, Joanna, as her elder sister, had no special requests for anything. 
She would cooperate with whatever arrangements the film crew had planned. 
Compared to Annie, Joanna was much easier to get along with, by a long shot. 
They didn’t know what the company was thinking at the time; who could have been a better endorsement choice than Annie Lawrence? 
Annie’s reputation was not as good as it used to be. 
She was only riding on the shell of a first-line celebrity, but her actual popularity was far from that level. 
If she doesn’t put out some high-quality TV series to stabilize her popularity soon, it would decline even faster. 
This could be seen from the sales figures this time. 
Her sales performance was worse than that of Joanna, who was a newbie to the industry. 
It was rumored that the reason Annie could get the endorsement from Shelly Elegance Company was because someone was backing her. 
Getting endorsements by accompanying older men, and not achieving great results now, she must be really anxious. 
* 
The film shooting ended at six in the evening. 
After work, Joanna went to find Ashton Heath. 
The man was working in his study, and when Joanna went in, she saw him conducting a video conference. 
Joanna’s action of pushing the door open was very gentle. 
Knowing that Ashton was in a meeting, her footsteps entering the study were also very light. 
She thought she would sit and wait for him to finish the meeting. 
To her surprise, despite her gentle movements, the man in the meeting still noticed her. 
In front of the desk. 
The man was dressed in a white shirt, with his cuffs rolled up, revealing his collarbone. There was no expression on his handsome and noble face until his eyes fell on Joanna. His pitch-black eyes softened with warmth. 
Joanna met his gaze, feeling the doting and tenderness in his eyes. Her lips curled up, giving him a sweet smile. 
Ashton Heath’s lips also curved up. 
At this moment, the meeting was still going on. 
In Heath Group’s conference room, on the projector screen, 
a group of senior executives, who had just been scolded and were shivering in fear, saw the usually stern-faced and awe-inspiring President Ashton’s face suddenly change to show a softer expression.
###Chapter 1526: Chapter 1343: An Existence Like An Angel
Even more shocking was that President Ashton actually smiled. 
The senior executives: "" 
President Ashton wasn’t smiling at them, was he? 
So, was he smiling at someone else? 
Looking at President Ashton’s gaze, it seemed like he was looking at someone. 
As the senior executives were guessing who the person that softened their President Ashton’s icy demeanor was, they suddenly heard him say in an extremely doting tone, "Baby, I’m in a meeting. Wait for me a little bit. It’ll be done in ten minutes at most." 
When the word "baby" was uttered, the senior executives felt even more shocked. 
My god, someone like President Ashton would actually call someone "baby" and all that. 
And that tone, that gaze, all of it was so gentle that it seemed as if he was a different person. 
This was a side they rarely saw. 
If they hadn’t been severely scolded just a minute ago, they would even suspect that President Ashton had been replaced. 
A few seconds later, they heard a woman’s voice coming from the video. 
"You go ahead and be busy; you don’t have to mind me. I’ll play games for a bit. After your meeting, we’ll go eat together." 
The woman’s voice was soft and delicate, and it sounded young. 
More like a girl. 
The senior executives instantly thought of the gossip news they had seen before and basically figured out Joanna Lawrence’s identity. 
Not long ago, President Ashton and that newbie Joanna Lawrence were openly showing off their love on social media. 
Even though these old folks rarely used social media like blogs, they had still heard about this matter. 
At the time, they were shocked, feeling that it was nothing like President Ashton’s usual style. 
Now it seemed that the newbie had completely enchanted their President Ashton. 
For her, President Ashton had done many things that were eyebrow-raising. 
So thinking about it now, it was quite normal for him to call her "baby" and all that. 
With President Ashton showing his love during the video conference, none of the senior executives dared speak up. They even felt relieved. 
Because President Ashton had just said that the meeting would be over in ten minutes at most. 
It meant that even if they were scolded, it would last only ten minutes at most. 
Moreover, once President Ashton’s girlfriend appeared, his mood was visibly better. 
They guessed that he wouldn’t keep scolding them either. 
After all, they had to consider not scaring the girlfriend, right? 
In the following ten minutes, 
As the senior executives had thought, they were not scolded anymore. 
President Ashton was probably eager to be with his girlfriend. Although he said there were ten minutes left, the meeting ended in only five more minutes. 
At the moment when the video on the big screen ended, the senior executives were moved to the point of almost shedding tears. 
Wuwuwu, President Ashton’s girlfriend was like their lucky star and savior! 
She was like an angelic existence. 
If only President Ashton’s girlfriend was present at such meetings in the future – they would no longer have to worry about being scolded. 
* 
Ashton Heath closed his laptop and walked towards Joanna Lawrence. 
His little sweet wife was curled up on the sofa, playing a game with her legs crossed. 
She was so absorbed and focused that even when he had already reached her side, she didn’t notice at all. 
Ashton Heath lowered his gaze, and his deep black eyes landed on her phone screen. 
He then saw someone teaming up with Joanna in the game, typing: "young lady, let’s play together again next round, okay? As the National Server Poet and Wisdom, I’ll lead you to victory. Do you want to know more about the National Server Poet and Wisdom?"
###Chapter 1527: Chapter 1344: They Just Deleted Me a Moment Ago
Originally, this wouldn’t have been a big deal. 
The next second, upon seeing Joanna Lawrence’s reply, Ashton Heath’s handsome face instantly darkened. 
Joanna Lawrence’s gaming ID and Twitter name were the same, Fluffy Cutie. 
Her response was: Okay. But darling, aren’t you afraid I’ll drag you down? The noob who only knows how to shout "666," interested? 
The person in her team responded: That’s great, I was just missing someone who could shout "666." 
The two of them were exchanging words as if they were flirting. 
Even though Ashton knew Joanna had no other intentions, after seeing their conversation, he was still jealous. 
So jealous he couldn’t stand it. 
She actually called someone else "darling." 
She had never called him "darling." 
Ashton became angrier the more he thought about it. He wanted to snatch her phone away and quit the game right away, but thinking of how she just said that he was already pressuring her, after hesitating for a few seconds, he dismissed the idea. 
He pursed his lips, holding it in. 
He held it in until Joanna finished her gaming session. 
Then, he saw the person who had said they would carry Joanna in the game send an invitation, inviting Joanna to play another game with them. 
Just as Joanna was about to accept, a hand reached from the side and snatched her phone away. 
She was startled, then she lifted her head. 
She saw Ashton standing next to the sofa, his face not looking very good, tapping a few times on her phone screen after taking it. 
Then, he handed her phone back to her. 
Joanna looked down at her phone and asked, "What did you do?" 
Ashton sat down next to her: "I helped you reject it. If you want someone to help you level up, you already have a ready-made one here. Your husband doesn’t play any worse than others, why don’t you ask me to play together?" 
Joanna: "..." 
As she was still logged in the game, she saw that the boy who had teamed up with her before had sent a private message. 
Freedom: Young lady, do you... have a husband? 
After reading, Joanna paused, then looked up at Ashton again. 
She probably figured out how he had refused earlier. 
After thinking about it, she replied to the boy: Yeah, my husband just finished his work and came to find me. Darling, I’m sorry, my husband is quite the jealous type, he doesn’t like me playing games with other boys, I’ll have to remove you. 
Freedom:... Alright, wish you a happy life, missy. 
The boy was very sensible. After replying, he proactively removed Joanna from his friend list. 
Joanna held up her phone as if she was completing a task: "I’ve removed him. He is just a 16-year-old boy that I matched up with today, he isn’t even an adult. I just thought he was good at the game, that’s why I wanted to play a few more rounds with him." 
"You’re not telling me you’re jealous of an underage boy." 
"Underage?" Ashton Heath narrowed his eyes. 
"Yes, underage." 
"And you call an underage boy ’darling’?" 
Joanna: "..." 
So he saw everything she had chatted with the others about? 
No wonder when she looked up, she saw him wearing a dark expression. 
"Uh, that’s not the point." Joanna’s lips twitched, "Darling is just a generic term, you’ve also seen that the boy has removed me." 
Joanna sounded a bit aggrieved. 
That boy was really good at the game. 
And she checked, that boy was really the National Server Poet ranked among the top ten in the province’s server. 
Her favorite assassin in the "Agricultural Medicine" game is Poet. 
After all, he’s called the number one handsome hero in the Valley.
###Chapter 1528: Chapter 1345: If you bully her again, I will not spare you
Joanna liked the Poet even more when he played well. 
It wasn’t easy to find a National Server Poet willing to help her rank up. So even though she was reluctant, she deleted him to appease her jealous husband. 
Deep inside, she really didn’t want to delete him. 
That boy earlier was really adorable. 
Calling her young lady in such a sweet tone. 
"If you need help with ranking up, just ask me," Ashton Heath knew he couldn’t go overboard and needed to back down, so he patted Joanna’s head, "I can play with you after work and during breaks." 
Although he didn’t really like playing games. 
But to keep his wife from finding other "darlings," he didn’t mind playing with her. 
He didn’t want his wife to call other men darling in the game. 
Would it be safe to trust an underage 16-year-old? 
Given how precocious children these days are, you can’t dismiss it as nothing even if the boy was 16 years old. 
"Ask you to help me rank up?" Joanna blinked, looked at Ashton skeptically, "Do you even know how to play this game?" 
She had never seen Ashton play games before. 
What were his hobbies again? 
It seemed like he only worked, exercised, and spent time with her. 
Joanna couldn’t think of anything else. 
Ashton was provoked by her doubtful gaze. The man fell silent for a few seconds, didn’t say a word, and just reached out his hand towards her. 
Joanna blinked, not knowing his intention. 
Seeing Joanna hold her phone, Ashton said, "Give it to me." 
"Oh." 
Joanna obediently handed it to him. 
Ashton took the phone, launched the game, and started a match using Joanna’s account. 
Then, Joanna watched in amazement as he played an assassin hero, carrying the whole team with his superb skills and powering up his allies. 
The opposing side was crushed. 
From the start of the game to the end, they were constantly being beaten up. Joanna even thought they might cry from Ashton’s relentless assault. 
The hero Ashton played was the Poet. 
As the Poet defeated the enemy mage and marksman repeatedly, they cursed at him in the in-game chat. 
Angela: Poet, do I have a grudge with you? Why are you always targeting me? Are you sick or something? 
Marksman: Poet, Angela is my wife. If you keep bullying her, I won’t let you off. 
Joanna saw Ashton smirk and even responded in the game: A couple? I’ll let you die together, then. 
In the next ten minutes... 
Angela and Marksman almost always died together. 
Or Marksman would die first, and Angela would die a few seconds later. 
The two fragile heroes were killed until they couldn’t even leave the protection of their Defense Tower and trembled in fear. 
What’s more, Ashton still dived past the tower to kill them. 
The couple was furious and relentlessly scolded him. 
Angela: Poet, are you a fucking pervert? 
Marksman: You must be a single man, jealous of our love. What’s the use of playing the game well if you don’t even have a wife? Hahaha, poor single man, you can only gain a sense of existence in the game. 
After that, Marksman’s death count increased significantly. 
In the end, both sides’ death count was 2-25. 
Ashton received the Most Valuable Player award, achieved a Quadrakill, and contributed more than 40% of the damage. 
Teammates praised him, and some thought he played so well they invited him to play together again. 
Ashton declined their invitations, and after quitting the game, he handed the phone back to Joanna, who was still in disbelief. 
"What do you think? Your husband should be at least as good as the darling from earlier. Do you believe now that I can help you rank up?"
###Chapter 1529: Chapter 1346: I’ll Treat Your Sister-in-Law to a Meal
Ashton Heath doesn’t like to play games, but that doesn’t mean he hasn’t played them before. 
Nor does it mean he wasn’t good at them. 
During his student years, he used to play an online game similar to the mobile game he just played. 
However, playing an online game is much harder than a mobile game. 
When he played the online game, he was always among the top-ranked players. 
Playing these simple mobile games now felt like there was hardly any difficulty. 
He had practiced a few times privately after Joanna Lawrence mentioned she wanted to play a game. 
"How... how did you do that?" Joanna Lawrence still found it rather miraculous, especially after seeing his magical operation just now. She was extremely surprised. "Didn’t you say you hadn’t played this game before?" 
The game client on his phone had been downloaded by her. 
"Well, I hadn’t played it before." Ashton Heath twitched his lips, faced his petite wife’s bewildered expression, and said in a nonchalant manner, "I’ve played a few rounds afterward. It’s quite simple." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
He hadn’t needed to play for too long to become good at this. 
So it was indeed true that those with high intelligence could do anything more easily than the average person? 
She too had played this game for quite some time, yet, she still considered herself a novice. 
"We won’t play the game for now. Didn’t you say you wanted to go and have a meal?" Ashton Heath reached out to ruffle his little wife’s hair beside him. "Have you decided what you want to eat?" 
Joanna Lawrence, still traumatised by the blow of difference in intelligence levels, didn’t speak. 
Ashton Heath smiled, "Since you can’t decide, how about I take you somewhere that serves good food? Let’s go, there’s a place that’s not bad, I’ll take you there now." 
* 
Joanna Lawrence was led out of the study by Ashton Heath. 
As soon as they got downstairs, they ran into Frank Parker, who was walking towards them. 
Seeing the intimate scene of the couple’s fingers tightly intertwined, Frank Parker’s eyes narrowed, then casually greeted them, "What, you guys are going out?" 
Joanna Lawrence could feel that as soon as Frank Parker appeared, the aura around Ashton Heath had turned several degrees colder. 
Frank Parker’s expression seemed to be a bit unnatural too. 
The atmosphere between the two was a bit strange. 
But Joanna Lawrence couldn’t figure out what was off about it. 
"Um," Ashton Heath casually replied, "I’m taking your sister-in-law out for dinner." 
Frank Parker pursed his lips, his hand by his side tightly clenched into a fist. 
Ashton Heath gave him another look. "So, no need to prepare dinner for us tonight. Your sister-in-law won’t be staying here either." 
After saying this, Ashton Heath turned back to Joanna Lawrence and whispered, "Let’s go." 
Joanna Lawrence glanced at Frank Parker, then looked up at the man beside her. A trace of suspicion flickered in her eyes. 
She really didn’t think she was imagining things. 
Something was indeed off between Ashton Heath and Frank Parker. 
"Okay." Although puzzled, she didn’t push for answers. She nodded and then followed Ashton Heath out. 
Both of them left the White Castle. 
Frank Parker stood there, watching them leave with a darkened expression. He watched their figures fade little by little. 
He clenched his teeth, his blood boiling. His body felt blocked by something, making him uncomfortable. 
He knew Ashton Heath was doing it on purpose. 
Constantly reminding him that Joanna Lawrence was his sister-in-law. 
Therefore, he couldn’t harbour inappropriate thoughts. 
He knew and understood everything. 
"Mr. Ashton." 
A maid came over. She glanced at his expression, then carefully asked, "Should we have the kitchen prepare dinner?" 
Frank Parker did not reply. His aura was gloomy and oppressive. After standing in place for over ten seconds, he turned around with a cold face and walked out.
###Chapter 1530: Chapter 1347: I’m Too Awesome, Aren’t I?
The maids didn’t dare to stop him. 
* 
At dusk. 
The waves gently slapped the reefs, and the last bit of sunset sank below the sea level. 
The sky gradually darkened, and a luxury cruise ship was slowly sailing on the sea surface. 
The lights were bright on the cruise ship. 
Joanna Lawrence sat beside a grill, and a chef in a white cooking uniform was grilling the seafood they had just caught. 
Ashton Heath was an expert angler. 
In just ten minutes, he caught many lobsters, fish, and crabs. 
After the chef cleaned and brushed them with delicious dipping sauce, he placed the seafood on the grill and evenly roasted them over low heat. 
Joanna was the one responsible for eating. 
Ashton drove her to the seaside and rented a luxury cruise ship. 
They were the only guests on the entire ship. 
The seafood that the top chef had just grilled tasted incredibly delicious. 
Joanna ate several shrimp, then picked up another skewer of shrimp and brought it to Ashton. 
She held a shrimp for him to eat. 
Ashton opened his mouth and ate it. 
Joanna asked him, "How is it? Is it tasty?" 
She grilled the shrimp herself. 
Ashton tasted it and nodded, "Hmm, it’s delicious." 
Joanna’s grilling skills were different from the top chef’s, so Ashton could tell right away. 
It wasn’t particularly delicious, but it wasn’t bad either. 
But the ones she grilled for him were definitely delicious. 
Joanna’s lips curved, and she fed him another one: "Then eat more. I’ll get you some more when you’re done." 
There were already half a bucket of fish in a small bucket nearby. 
All caught by Ashton within an hour. 
Joanna couldn’t fish, so she thought he was amazing. 
Probably because the fish were caught by Ashton and the chef was also skilled, Joanna felt that tonight’s barbecue was the best she had ever had. 
As she watched Ashton catch a fish every few minutes, she said with envy, "I’ve fished before, but I’d sit there for half a day without catching anything." 
As a result, she lost interest in fishing as an outdoor activity. 
Ashton reeled in his fishing line, a big fish still struggling on the hook. A crew member approached, took the fish off, and threw it into the bucket. 
Watching Joanna’s envious expression, he waved to her and handed her his fishing rod when she came over. 
The man leaned close to her, his warm and pleasant breath whispering in her ear, "Do you want to learn? I’ll teach you. I guarantee you’ll catch one in no time." 
Joanna blinked, looked up with slightly shining eyes and asked, "Can I learn?" 
"Of course." Ashton baited the hook and cast the line into the sea. 
Standing behind Joanna, he wrapped his arms around her as if hugging her, teaching her, "I’ve never taught anyone who couldn’t learn. Fishing is simple. Concentrate and have patience; it’s easy if you do these two things." 
"Look..." 
His voice was gentle and patient as he instructed her. 
His explanations were detailed and easy to understand. 
Within ten minutes, even Joanna, a fishing novice, managed to catch a fish. 
Although it was a tiny fish, it was enough to excite her. 
"Wow, Ashton, look! I caught a fish!" Watching the little fish struggle in midair, Joanna excitedly turned and jumped into Ashton’s arms, hugging his neck and exclaiming, "I’m so amazing!"
###Chapter 1531: Chapter 1348: Joanna, let’s have a baby
"Yeah, my babybaby is pretty amazing." Ashton Heath doted as he watched his little wife get so happy over a small fish. "So fishing isn’t that difficult. If you like it, I’ll bring you out to play when we have free time." 
"Yeah!" Joanna Lawrence nodded, her eyes sparkling. "I never knew fishing could be so fun. Let’s continue fishing. Next time, I’ll definitely catch a bigger fish." 
"Not eating yet?" Ashton Heath reached over to rub the top of her hair, laughing. "Shall we eat first, and then play more after we’re full?" 
"No." Joanna was having too much fun to agree. "I want to catch a few more fish. Ashton, save the ones I catch, don’t cook them." 
Ashton Heath curiously asked, "No grilling? Then what do you plan to do with the caught fish?" 
"Keep them, of course," said Joanna earnestly. "Remembering my first catch, I want to keep all the fish I catch today." 
The man stared in surprise before indulging her with a smile. "Alright, we won’t eat, just keep them." 
As long as his little wife was happy, he’d even keep an entire bear, let alone fish. 
It’s not like they couldn’t afford it. 
Joanna was ecstatic. With Ashton Heath’s guidance, she caught a few more fish, including two freshwater prawns. 
Ashton had the crew put them all in a fish tank. 
After eating, 
Joanna lay on the open deck, gazing up at the deep blue night sky. A wind blew across the sea surface and it felt cool on her face. 
The slightly damp sea breeze was very refreshing. 
On the deck, only she and Ashton Heath remained; the crew had been dismissed. 
The stars above were incredibly beautiful. Joanna squinted her eyes, entranced by the sight. 
"Joanna." 
Ashton lay beside her, gently squeezing her hand as he called her name tenderly. 
Joanna responded softly, "Mhmm." 
"Are you happy tonight?" He asked her. 
"Mhmm." Joanna took her eyes off the sky and turned to face him. "Very happy." 
Ashton Heath’s black, deep eyes fixed on her. He held her soft palm in silence for a few seconds, then spoke in a low voice, "Joanna, let’s have a baby." 
Joanna was taken aback, her eyes widened. 
She didn’t know why Ashton would suddenly bring up such a leap in topics. 
Jumping straight to talking about having a baby. 
Joanna was still young and hadn’t thought of getting pregnant and having a baby at her age. 
She had previously discussed postponing having a baby with Ashton Heath. 
So, when he brought it up, Joanna looked surprised. 
"Have, have a baby?" She asked uncertainly. 
"Yes." Ashton stared straight into her eyes. "A baby of our own, a boy or girl is fine. I know you don’t want a baby right now. If you worry about not taking good care of the baby, I’ll take care of everything. You won’t need to worry about a thing." 
Ashton Heath hadn’t just thought of this on the spot. 
Having a child would strengthen and solidify their relationship. 
Joanna stared at him. 
To persuade her, Ashton detailed the many benefits of having a baby earlier. 
For example, when the baby grew up, she’d still be young and a hot mom. 
Also, they both looked good, so their baby would definitely be beautiful. 
And there were things like early childbearing led to a faster recovery for the mother.
###Chapter 1532: Chapter 1349: I’m Sorry, I’ve Let You Down
In short, Joanna could feel that Ashton Heath really wanted a baby. 
She pondered for a moment, looked into the man’s expectant eyes, bit her lip, and decided firmly: "Ashton, I don’t want a baby right now. I feel that once the baby is born, I have to be responsible for it and take good care of it." 
"But I’m not ready for that yet. I’m sorry to disappoint you." 
Marrying at this age had already disrupted part of her life plans. 
But she didn’t regret it. 
Because Ashton was really good to her, she could accept this disruption. 
But having a baby... 
Until she was mentally prepared to accept this, she would never give birth. 
She could disrupt her life plan. 
But she couldn’t irresponsibly bring a life into this world without being prepared. 
This would be irresponsible behavior. 
Ashton’s face didn’t show much disappointment either. 
Joanna’s refusal was within his expectations. 
He guessed she might not agree, but he still had hope that she might. 
"Are you... unhappy now?" After Joanna finished speaking and saw him not respond, she bit her lip and cautiously said, "I’m not saying that I don’t want a baby that belongs to us. I just think it’s not the right time now. When the time comes, I’ll have a baby." 
Fearing the man might get the wrong idea, she further explained, "This has nothing to do with whether our relationship is good or whether I like you enough. So please, don’t think about it." 
Ashton’s dark eyes flashed, and he sighed softly, "I’m not angry." 
How could he be angry just because she wouldn’t have a baby with him? He was just a little disappointed. 
"Are you really not angry?" Joanna studied his expression, "But you don’t look very happy. Ashton, I really..." 
"Baby, I’m really not angry." 
Ashton let go of her hand and slowly got up. 
Joanna also sat up. 
She looked like a child who had done something wrong, looking at Ashton with an uneasy expression. 
If Ashton really liked children and wanted a baby of their own, her refusal would still upset him. 
If she wanted a baby and he had refused her. 
She would also be sad. 
"In this matter, whatever decision you make, I’ll support you. If you don’t want a baby, even if I force you to have it, you’ll resent me for it in the future. I want you to willingly give birth to our baby." 
"Since you’re not ready yet, let’s talk about it later. You’re still young; I was just a bit impatient." 
Joanna pursed her lips: "Why did you suddenly bring this up? Is it because someone in the family urged you?" 
Madam Heath had mentioned having a baby before. 
So, Joanna thought that Madam Heath might have urged Ashton. 
Lady Octavia would never do such a thing; she only hoped that they would divorce. She certainly wouldn’t want her to give birth to a child of the Heath family. 
"No." Ashton shook his head, "Nobody urged me. Forget it, let’s not talk about it. It’s getting cool outside, let’s go back to the cabin." 
Joanna stared at him for a while, and after making sure he wasn’t angry, she nodded and said, "Okay." 
* 
The couple spent a night on the cruise.
###Chapter 1533: Chapter 1350: Jeremy Got Himself a Girlfriend?
The next day, Ashton Heath took Joanna Lawrence to the manor. 
After they arrived at the manor, Joanna learned from the maid that Frank Parker had returned to Closia last night. 
Hearing that he was not there, Joanna secretly felt relieved. 
Without Frank around, she felt much more relaxed and at ease. 
The film shooting for the second day was completed by noon. 
Joanna still had one day off, so she went back to Closia with Ashton Heath. 
Jeremy Lawrence was also going to the Heath family for dinner that night. Joanna had not seen her brother for a while and missed him. After getting off the plane, she asked Ashton to drive directly to her brother’s school. 
After class. 
Many students came out one after another. 
Joanna rolled down the car window and stared at the school gate. 
After waiting for about ten minutes, she finally saw Jeremy’s figure. 
Jeremy was still tall and thin. During his time at school, he dressed simply and modestly in the Closia No.1 Middle School uniform. 
The same clothes looked especially good on him. 
Jeremy took after his mother. 
Joanna had never seen Jeremy’s biological mother, but Ashton had told her that she was an extremely beautiful woman. 
So beautiful that Damien Heath fell in love with her at first sight. 
So beautiful that Damien still couldn’t forget her. 
Ashton said, the only woman Uncle Damien had ever loved in his life was Jeremy’s mother. 
As for Lady Delilah of the Heath family... 
It was just that at that time, Damien thought he would never see Jeremy’s mother again, and in his despair, he accepted the marriage alliance arranged by the family. 
He had no feelings for Lady Delilah. 
Looking at Jeremy’s face, which remained delicate and beautiful even with signs of illness, Joanna could more or less guess how exceptionally beautiful Jeremy’s birth mother was. 
It’s a pity that beauty doesn’t last.
When Jeremy slowly walked out of the crowd, Joanna was surprised to find that there was a girl following him. 
And it seemed that Jeremy knew the girl. 
The girl was walking side by side with him, talking about something, and Jeremy would occasionally nod in response. 
She was a very beautiful girl, with flamboyant features, a beauty and pride in her appearance, and an exceptionally good figure. 
She was taller than the other girls around her, and coupled with her beauty, she stood out from the crowd. 
Joanna widened her eyes, rubbed them, and thought she was seeing things. 
When she opened her eyes again and saw that the girl was still there, she couldn’t help but be surprised. 
She turned to Ashton and asked, "Is there a girl next to Jeremy? Am I seeing things?" 
Besides Regina Kelloway, Joanna had never seen any other girls around Jeremy. 
Ashton looked out the window after hearing her words, and after a few seconds said, "Yes, there is a girl." 
Joanna: "..." 
So, her eyes weren’t playing tricks on her. 
Joanna suddenly became a little anxious, "Did Jeremy get a girlfriend? He didn’t have any girls around him before." 
"Don’t worry too much." 
Ashton took another look and reassured her, "I don’t think their interaction looks like they’re dating. It seems like the girl likes Jeremy, but Jeremy’s reaction is quite lukewarm, so I guess he doesn’t like her." 
"Is that so?" 
"Yes, it should be like that." 
When you like someone, you can see it in their eyes. 
There was a light in the girl’s eyes when she looked at Jeremy. 
But Jeremy’s gaze remained indifferent, without any change.
###Chapter 1534: Chapter 1351 Jeremy Lawrence Doesn’t Want to Talk to You
"But if Jeremy doesn’t like her, he shouldn’t be so close to her," Joanna still felt puzzled. "Other than Regina Kelloway, this is the first time I’ve seen another girl with Jeremy, and such a beautiful girl at that." 
Joanna’s concern was not that she opposed Jeremy having a romantic relationship early on. 
Because even if Jeremy did have a romance, he would find a balance between pursuing love and his studies, so as not to jeopardize his academics for the sake of a relationship. 
This was the aspect of Jeremy that Joanna was most at ease with. 
It’s just that Jeremy’s health is not very good at the moment, and having a relationship would still have a certain impact on him. 
"Regina Kelloway?" 
"Yes, before this, there was only one Regina Kelloway by Jeremy’s side." 
As Ashton Heath pondered these words, a meaningful look appeared in his eyes. 
Jeremy and the girl walked out of the school gate, and he looked over in Joanna’s direction. As soon as he noticed Joanna, he stopped in his tracks. 
Then, he turned his head and whispered a few words to the girl. 
The girl nodded with a smile, her lips forming a slightly shy grin. 
After speaking with the girl, Jeremy headed in Joanna’s direction. 
As he walked away, Joanna witnessed Regina Kelloway suddenly appearing behind Jeremy and the girl, calling out to Jeremy. 
It was as if Jeremy’s figure had stopped abruptly, and he halted. 
"Jeremy." 
Regina clenched her teeth, her fists tightened, and her gaze fell on the girl who had walked with Jeremy just before, a trace of sadness flashed in her eyes. 
Looking at the young man’s rigid figure, Regina took a deep breath, her teeth biting into her lips creating a deep mark. She struggled to ask: "Jeremy, do you have time right now? I have something I need to talk to you about... can we talk?" 
Jeremy continued to face away from her, but before he could respond, the girl with him turned to look at Regina. 
It was a well-known fact that Regina liked Jeremy.
She was a bold girl, one who took the initiative when it came to romance. 
Her liking for Jeremy was very public. 
Regina Kelloway was once the most beautiful girl of Closia No.1 Middle School, with her gorgeous looks, noble upbringing, and consistently excellent academic performance. She was the envy of many. 
There were many boys who liked her. 
Among them were quite a few young men from wealthy families similar to her own. 
But Regina showed no interest in those wealthy young men. No one expected that she would fall for a poor boy like Jeremy. 
Not only was she infatuated with him, but she also pursued him very openly. It was surprising that the poor boy, Jeremy, did not accept the advances of this ideal beauty even after years of being pursued. 
Because of the power of the Kelloway family, nobody dared to say anything about Regina to her face. 
But behind closed doors, those envious girls would say the nastiest things about her. 
For example, that she was so desperate that she would throw herself at a boy who didn’t want her, which was truly pathetic. 
And that she had no shame, knowing full well Jeremy was not interested in her but still stubbornly refusing to back down. 
In short, women’s malice towards other women is always at its strongest. 
Among the girls jealous of Regina was the girl now standing with Jeremy. 
The girl was named Winnie Beverley, who was recently voted as the most beautiful girl of Closia No.1 Middle School this year. 
"Regina, can’t you see it?" Winnie looked at Regina with hostility, as if she were staring at the other woman. "Jeremy doesn’t want to talk to you." 
Regina looked at her without expression: "Whether Jeremy is willing or not, he will tell me himself. If he doesn’t want to talk to me, I won’t bother him."
###Chapter 1535: Chapter 1352: Yes, her face is too thick
Winnie Beverley, your relationship with Jeremy Lawrence is only that of classmates, so I don’t think it’s your place to make decisions for him." 
"You..." Winnie’s face suddenly darkened, and she wanted to lash out, but when she saw Jeremy standing nearby, she bit her lip and suppressed her anger. 
"Don’t you have any self-awareness? You need people to tell you directly?" Winnie used to be somewhat reserved and would not dare to speak like this in front of Regina Kelloway. Now that everyone knows Kelloway Group is having problems, many people don’t take Regina seriously anymore. 
These people, of course, include Winnie. 
Seeing Regina still acting like a haughty well-bred lady, Winnie couldn’t help but mock her sarcastically: "You’ve been clinging to Jeremy for three years and you still claim not to be clingy? A so-called noble daughter, how thick-faced can you be? Jeremy has stayed silent only because he considers you his classmate and doesn’t want to embarrass you too much." 
"But you really have no self-awareness at all." 
Regina’s expression remained unchanged: "Like I said before, whether or not Jeremy wants to talk to me is up to him to tell me personally. You can’t make decisions for him, and hanging on to him for years is none of your business." 
"If I cling to Jeremy, it’s because he allowed me to. If you’re jealous and envious, you’re welcome to do the same." 
"Me jealous and envious of you?" Winnie laughed, "Regina, you really can say that. You must have a thick enough skin to cling to someone relentlessly for three years." 
"I’m not as shameless as some people who have become the laughingstock of the entire school, yet remain oblivious." 
Regina’s eyes narrowed, her lips tightened, and she fixed her cold gaze on Winnie. 
Winnie was a little nervous under her stare, but then she thought of how the Kelloway family was on the verge of bankruptcy, and how Regina’s life as a well-bred lady wasn’t even as good as hers now. In the next second, her eyes grew sharp, and she straightened her back as she glared at Regina. 
Regina’s face still looked calm, as if she hadn’t been affected by Winnie’s words at all. 
And in reality, she didn’t really care what Winnie had said. 
With the Kelloways in decline, there were too many people ready to kick them when they were down and speak ill of them. 
During this time, Regina had encountered all kinds of people. 
She had heard every kind of harsh remark as well. 
What she cared about was the attitude of only one person. 
And that person had been silent from the beginning to the end. 
He hadn’t said a word, but his silence made Regina feel as if something had pierced her heart, causing a slight pain. 
Was his silence a sign of agreement with Winnie’s words? 
Was it as Winnie said, he remained silent out of consideration for having been classmates, not wanting to embarrass her too much? 
He was saving face for her. 
But she was really clueless, insisting that he personally say those harsh words to her. 
He must find her annoying, right? 
Even though he said he never disliked her, she could still feel that he was weary of her, wasn’t he? 
Yes, she was too thick-faced. 
She knew he didn’t like her, but she still clung to him for three years. 
Now, she had become a laughingstock in the eyes of everyone in the school. 
Everyone knew that the girl named Regina Kelloway had shamelessly clung to Jeremy for three years, only to be rejected in the end. 
So what if she was a well-bred lady? 
There were still people who didn’t take her seriously.
And now, with the Kelloways gradually losing power and her noble status gone, Jeremy would even more unlikely take her seriously. 
"Jeremy." Regina held back the sourness in her eyes, took a deep breath, and looked at the boy who still had his back to her with eyes that stung from it all.
###Chapter 1536: Chapter 1353: I will handle my own matters by myself
Her voice was hoarse, "Can we talk? It won’t take much of your time." 
"Regina Kelloway, you..." 
Seeing that Jeremy hadn’t said anything, Winnie Beverley was delighted, thinking that they were on the same page, she wants to berate Regina again. 
"Winnie, I can handle my own issues. We are all classmates, let’s stop these talks. Regina Kelloway is not clinging to me, you should not just blindly believe rumors. Many things are not as they seem." 
Winnie Beverley froze, her expression becoming rigid, the color drained from her face. 
Was Jeremy defending Regina? 
Everyone in Closia No.1 Middle School knew that Regina Kelloway has been chasing him relentlessly for three years, and now Jeremy claims she was not clinging to him. 
And he warned her not to believe the rumors. 
Was he blaming her because she just lashed out at Regina? 
But why would he speak up for Regina? He always claimed that he didn’t like Regina, that he hates when she clings to him. 
"But..." Winnie Beverley didn’t want to lose face in front of Regina. 
"I will handle my own matters." Jeremy looked at her, repeated his earlier words, although his tone was not as gentle this time.
Winnie’s face stiffened again. 
She glanced at Regina, biting her lip. 
Everyone always said that Jeremy didn’t like Regina, that he hated Regina. 
But why does she feel that Jeremy doesn’t really hate Regina? 
She felt a flare of jealousy, suspecting that the relationship between Jeremy and Regina might not be what others have portrayed. 
"Regina, come with me." 
Jeremy was already heading toward a tree not far away. 
He took out his phone, sent a twitter message to Joanna Lawrence, asked her to wait for him for a while. 
Receiving the twitter message, Joanna Lawrence told Ashton Heath, "Jeremy wants us to wait for him for a bit." 
"Let’s wait then". Ashton Heath nodded, "Anyway, we don’t have anything urgent." 
"Hmm." Joanna saw Regina and Jeremy walking towards a tree, the girl who was previously with Jeremy hasn’t left yet and seemed unhappy watching them. 
Joanna watched the girl, slightly furrowing her brows. 
The place where Jeremy and the girl were talking earlier was not far from them, Joanna heard every word that girl said to Regina. 
Joanna didn’t like Rebecca Kelloway. 
But she didn’t have any problems with Regina. 
Quite the contrary, although she didn’t interact with Regina very often, Joanna thought Regina was way better than Rebecca, not an annoying girl. 
* 
Under the tree. 
Jeremy looked at the girl standing before him, silent for a moment before breaking the silence: "Regina, you wanted to talk to me about something?" 
Regina felt embarrassed. 
She has never before asked a favor from Jeremy. 
She could ask anybody else. 
But asking a favor from Jeremy... 
It was something extraordinarily difficult for her, because the last person she ever wanted to ask for help, was Jeremy. 
She clenched her fists, the pain from her nails digging in her palm. 
"Um, there’s just...like something." After being silent for more than ten seconds, she slowly said, "Jeremy, may I ask you for a favor? I know it’s ridiculous for me to suddenly bring up this request, especially knowing that we are not on the best of terms, plus all the stuff I’ve did that you didn’t like." 
"But... I still hope you can help the Kelloway family." 
Regina had no idea how she managed to say all that. 
The taste of blood filled her mouth as she had been biting her lip too hard. 
She had bit her lips so hard that a trail of teeth marks stained with blood glistened.
###Chapter 1537: Chapter 1354: After your birthday, I’ll go
It’s really hard. 
Asking for help from the one you love is so difficult. 
Every word was hard to utter. 
She didn’t even dare to look into Jeremy Lawrence’s eyes, fearing that she would see disgust or mockery. 
He must think she’s ridiculous. 
To brazenly make such a request from him. 
What kind of relationship do they have, and why should he have to help her? 
By using all her strength and courage, she said, "The Kelloway family is facing difficulties now, and only the Heath family can help. However...however, there’s a conflict between my sister Joanna and Ashton, and Ashton is not willing to help." 
"Jeremy Lawrence, if you can...can you please say a few words? Perhaps Ashton will change his mind." 
"I know my sister did some wrong things, and I don’t want to make excuses for her. It’s just that the Kelloway family really needs help from the Heath family now, so please...please, could you help the Kelloway family just this once?" 
"I will remember your kindness for the rest of my life." 
Jeremy Lawrence was stunned. 
It took a few seconds before he spoke, "So, this is the matter you wanted to talk to me about?" 
"Yes." Regina Kelloway nodded, "I know that your help might not even make Ashton willing to help, but...can you intercede for the Kelloway family?" 
Regina Kelloway slowly raised her head, her eyes slightly red, "I can’t think of anyone else. I...I can only ask you." 
"If you’re willing to help, I can transfer schools immediately, and guarantee I won’t show up in front of you again." 
"I won’t pester you or bother you anymore." 
"Or if you have any other requests, you can tell me too. I’ll agree to anything." 
Jeremy Lawrence’s eyes narrowed sharply, staring at her intently, "You’re going to transfer schools?" 
"Yes." Regina Kelloway smiled, but her eyes were filled with bitterness, "I remember that your birthday is coming up soon. Can I help you celebrate your birthday? After your birthday, I’ll leave." 
The Kelloway family could face bankruptcy at any time. 
Lady Patrice had arranged for her to transfer to a school in Aucka and live with her maternal grandparents. 
When Lady Patrice had spoken about it, she didn’t respond. 
At that time, she didn’t want to leave. 
But now... 
Regina Kelloway’s bitter gaze passed over him, looking at Winnie Beverley standing behind him. 
He had been with Winnie Beverley all this time. 
They went to evening self-study together, to the library, rehearsed for the play, and went everywhere on campus together. 
It was rumored around the school that Winnie Beverley and Jeremy Lawrence were dating. 
Regina Kelloway didn’t believe it, 
She thought that Winnie Beverley was not the type that Jeremy Lawrence would like. 
But when she saw them walking together every day and laughing together, she finally believed it. 
Even if Jeremy Lawrence wasn’t dating Winnie Beverley, he probably had feelings for her, right? 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t spend every day with Winnie Beverley. 
She had liked Jeremy Lawrence for three years. 
So she knew very well that if Jeremy Lawrence had no feelings for a girl, he would never let that girl stay by his side. 
Just like how he didn’t like her. 
Every time he saw her, he would only avoid her. 
He never allowed her to stay by his side. 
Therefore, he really must like Winnie Beverley, right? 
Regina Kelloway suddenly felt so tragic and sad. 
Someone told her that persistence would lead to a good outcome, 
She persisted for three years. Even when people called her thick-skinned, she would only smile.
###Chapter 1538: Chapter 1355: He Has Fallen for Someone Else
It didn’t matter what others said about her, as long as she could make the one she loved, love her back. 
If so, everything would be worth it. 
But now... 
How come the person who initially told her to hold on never mentioned that such persistence might not lead to a good outcome? 
When someone truly doesn’t like you, it doesn’t matter how long you hold on, they still wouldn’t like you. 
Just like how she pursued Jeremy Lawrence for three years, yet she had never been able to move him, never got him to like her. 
While Winnie Beverley managed to win his affection effortlessly. 
Now she understood that love can’t indeed be forced. 
So, she no longer wanted to force it. 
She wanted to give up on this love and gradually forget about him. 
If she continues to stay at the same school as him, she doesn’t know when she will be able to move on. 
She didn’t want to hear about him and Winnie Beverley anymore either. 
It would hurt, it would make her sad, her heart would ache. 
Only leaving this place would signal a fresh start to her life. 
"Of course." Regina looked at Jeremy, who stayed silent, a pang of heartache surged through her. She managed to squeeze out a faint smile from the corner of her lips and said, in an pretending nonchalance, "If you find it unnecessary, then forget what I just said." 
Jeremy pressed his lips together without responding. 
The moment he heard Regina mention the idea of transferring schools, an indescribable feeling swelled up in his heart. 
He wasn’t sure what it was. 
But in that moment, his heart was in chaos, full of anxiety. 
But he didn’t show any of these on his face. 
He fixed his gaze on Regina. After a while, he finally asked in a flat voice, "Why?" 
"What?" 
"Why do you suddenly want to transfer? I’ve told you, I’ve never disliked you. You can stay at this school. I have no intention of forcing you away." 
"I know." Regina’s eyes were downcast. "It’s not driven by you; it’s just that I would like a change of environment." 
Jeremy clenched his fists, his face showing a subtle change. "Are you really transferring? Have you already chosen a new school?"
"Yes." Regina was looking down, not seeing the current expression on his face. "The school is already sorted. I probably won’t be back here often. But Closia is so big, even if I come back one day, we might not cross paths." 
"Jeremy, I’ve been pestering you for all these years, causing you so much trouble. I’m truly sorry." 
"Now you have a girl you like by your side, I am... happy for you. Winnie Beverley is beautiful, she has a good family background, and it seems she likes you too, you two are really a good match." 
Every word she said felt like something was piercing her heart. 
Truthfully, she was not happy at all. 
She was extremely upset. 
She liked him so much. 
Even seeing him speak one more word with any other girl made her feel uncomfortable. 
Not to mention he has started to like another girl. 
She felt that Winnie Beverley and any other girl in the world weren’t good enough for him. 
Jeremy frowned, he opened his mouth, wanting to say he didn’t like Winnie Beverley. 
The words were on the tip of his tongue, nearly said, but in the end, he chose to remain silent. 
To Regina, his silence was confirming it. 
She was well aware he must have feelings for Winnie Beverley, but hearing him admit it made her feel as if her heart was being torn apart. 
Jeremy had really fallen for someone else. 
She pursued him for three years, and he remained unaffected. 
She had thought even if he didn’t like her, he wouldn’t like anyone else either.
###Chapter 1539: Chapter 1356: Must Go?
Upon thinking of this, Regina Kelloway found it amusing and laughed at her own presumptuous thoughts. 
"So you really are fond of Winnie Beverley?" she uttered, pulling up the corner of her lips in a nonchalant manner, expressing it as if it were a joke. "That’s nice. Winnie... she’s really nice. No wonder you have never been interested in me even though I have been chasing after you for three years. So, you like girls of Winnie’s type." 
Jeremy Lawrence seemed slightly grim and remained silently observant of her. 
"So, Jeremy..." Regina tugged at the corner of her lips again, feigning a smile as she continued, "Considering the three years of friendship between us, could you perhaps say a few good words on behalf of the Kelloway family. If you could vouch for my family, I’ll be... so grateful." 
Her sardonic smile was a thorn in Jeremy’s side. After a brief moment of silence, he responded, nodding. "Alright, I promise you." 
Regina momentarily paused, seemingly taken aback. 
Observing her, Jeremy added: "As for whether my brother-in-law is willing to lend a hand, I cannot vouch for him." 
"Asking you to speak a few kind words on behalf of the Kelloways is all I need. Whether Ashton will help is... something only you can’t determine." Regina considered the possibility that he might refuse, so his willingness to help was quite a pleasant surprise to her. 
Her eyes sparkled as she bit her lip and said in a hushed tone, "Jeremy... thank you." 
Jeremy looked deeply into her eyes, his gaze harboring hesitation. He could not help but finally ask her: "Regina, have you really thought this through? If it’s because of me, it’s not necessary for you to transfer schools." 
Regina smiled. She was not sure why, but her mood suddenly calmed down a lot. 
"Jeremy, it really is my own decision to transfer schools. You are well aware of the current situation of the Kelloway family. After discussions at home, we feel it’s better for me to transfer. In fact, I feel the same way too. I want to change my situation and have a fresh start somewhere else." 
"So, it’s not a decision out of impulse but something I have long decided upon." 
"You’re definitely leaving?" 
"It doesn’t seem like there’s any reason for me to stay. It seems like Ashton and Rebecca are waiting for you. I won’t hold you any longer. You better go see them." 
Jeremy said nothing, his youthful gaze filled with something unspoken. 
She thought her eyes were playing tricks on her as she unexpectedly thought she saw a trace of reluctance in Jeremy’s eyes. 
Her nails dug deep into her palm. Only such pain could keep her clear-headed, prevent her from falling into illusions again. 
What was she thinking? Would Jeremy actually miss her when she left? 
"I’ll go first, then... see you tomorrow." After Regina had finished speaking, Jeremy remained speechless, showing no reaction. 
Without saying anything more, she turned around. The driver who had always been responsible for picking her up and dropping her off came next to her, saying respectfully: "Ms. Annie." 
Regina nodded at the driver: "Mr. Vane, let’s go." 
The Kelloway family’s car was parked nearby. 
It was still that black Bentley. 
Although the Kelloway family’s situation is no longer what it used to be, their bankruptcy was not yet formal and Regina still had the privilege of being picked up and dropped off in a luxurious car every day. 
The driver walked over, opened the back door, and respectfully said: "Ms. Annie, please get in." 
Before getting in the car, Regina could hear a few female classmates from her school snickering: "Their family is near bankrupt, yet she still acts all high and mighty. I wonder who she’s putting on this show for." 
"Hahaha, don’t be so harsh. They are nearly bankrupt, but not quite. She surely wants to enjoy the treatment of a well-bred young lady few more times before they truly go bankrupt. After all, she won’t have such privileges in the future."
###Chapter 1540: Chapter 1357: Kicking Someone When They’re Down, Human Nature
"That’s true. Given the current state of the Kelloway family, I doubt they’ll last much longer." 
"Sigh, as they say, even a starving camel is still bigger than a horse, so even if the Kelloway family goes bankrupt, they’ll still be better off than an ordinary family, right?" 
"What are you talking about? If they go bankrupt with a mountain of debt, they might not even be able to afford food. Haven’t you forgotten? When the Lancaster family went bankrupt years ago, the president of their company ended up jumping off a building with his family of four due to insurmountable debt. If the Kelloway family also goes bankrupt..." 
"Shh, keep your voices down! Regina Kelloway seems to be looking at us." 
"Let her. What’s there to be afraid of now? If it wasn’t for her good background, who is she anyway? She’s lost her only advantage, so she shouldn’t keep thinking that she’s the old Ms. Kelloway." 
After the girl finished speaking, she turned her head and provocatively looked at Regina Kelloway. 
"Ms. Annie, they..." 
The driver had also heard their conversation, and he was so angry that his face turned green. He wanted to go over and argue with the girls. 
"Mr. Vane, let’s go and leave them be," Regina said calmly, as if she hadn’t heard anything. "It doesn’t matter what they say. I’ve heard worse before. When the Kelloway family hits rock bottom, we can expect these things to happen." 
"Adding insult to injury is human nature." 
"If we were to argue with every single one, we’d never run out of people to argue with." 
The driver hesitated, then looked at her with a slightly surprised gaze. 
Seeing Regina’s calm composure, he couldn’t help but secretly admire her in his heart. Ms. Annie was even more composed than Ms. Rebecca. 
If it had been Ms. Rebecca who encountered this situation today, she certainly wouldn’t have just let it go. 
Ms. Annie, at such a young age, already had such a breadth of mind and attitude, making even an old person like him secretly admire her. 
As for the current state of the Kelloway family... 
Alas, he truly hoped they would be able to overcome this crisis. 
* 
After Regina got in the car, the black Bentley quickly drove away. 
"Jeremy Lawrence." 
After watching Regina leave, Winnie Beverley slowly walked over to Jeremy and gently called his name. 
Jeremy took his gaze away from the departing car and frowned when he saw that Winnie was still there. "Winnie, why haven’t you gone home yet?" 
Winnie looked at him uneasily, "Jeremy, what did Regina say to you just now?" 
Jeremy’s brow furrowed tighter. 
"Regina is quite good at sweet-talking people," Winnie paused, afraid that Jeremy might be taken in, and said with disgust, "Jeremy, don’t believe her sweet nothings." 
"Now that the Kelloway family is in trouble and she knows your true identity, she’ll definitely cling to you even more." 
"No matter what she says, don’t believe her. She must have ulterior motives." 
"What about you?" 
Winnie didn’t notice Jeremy’s eyes becoming cold. 
She was taken aback, "What?" 
With icy eyes, Jeremy coldly asked, "You approached me because you knew my true identity, right? Regina has ulterior motives, but do you have good intentions?" 
"Wh-what?" Winnie was dumbstruck, her eyes wide with disbelief. "Jeremy, you... " 
"I know what kind of person Regina is. But you, Winnie, what is your purpose for approaching me? Is it because you learned my true identity and began to look at this poor kid differently?" 
"It’s not like that, I..."
###Chapter 1541: Chapter 1358: I’m doing this for your own good, afraid that you...
Jeremy didn’t wait for her to finish and coldly interrupted her: "Whatever you think doesn’t matter, but do not judge a person without knowing them." 
"Jeremy, are you sticking up for Regina Kelloway? Do you think I’m wronging her?" Winnie Beverley looked at him incredulously, "I’m not the only one saying this. Everyone at school talks about it this way. If she isn’t like that, why would people talk about her like that?" 
"I’m just looking out for you, afraid that you..." 
"There’s no need to worry." Jeremy said coldly, "We’re just classmates. I can handle my own affairs without others worrying about them." 
His words were like a few slaps in Winnie’s face. 
Winnie’s face turned ugly. 
She couldn’t understand why Jeremy, who had been good to her before and seemed to have affection for her, suddenly became so indifferent. 
Was it because she had mentioned Regina Kelloway? 
But everyone in the school said that he hated Regina Kelloway. 
However, his behavior today not only showed no signs of hate towards Regina Kelloway but on the contrary, it seemed like... 
Winnie’s eyes suddenly widened in disbelief. 
Could it be that Jeremy... 
Jeremy didn’t pay attention to her anymore. He turned around and walked towards Joanna Lawrence and the others. 
* 
After getting in the car. 
Joanna called out: "Joanna, Ashton." 
Joanna, sitting in the front-seat passenger position, looked at Jeremy’s face through the rearview mirror and casually asked, "Jeremy, I just saw you walking with a girl. Is she your classmate?" 
"Yes, we are in the same school, different classes." Jeremy answered with a calm expression. 
"Different classes? How did you meet her?" 
"We met during a drama rehearsal." 
"Oh, I see. That girl is quite pretty." 
"Joanna, she and I are just ordinary schoolmates." Jeremy had grown up with Joanna and knew what she was thinking, "As for whether she is pretty or not, I have face blindness, so I didn’t notice." 
"You didn’t notice?" Joanna chuckled, "Don’t tell me you don’t even remember what she looks like." 
"Yep, I don’t remember." Jeremy answered honestly, "And I don’t want to." 
"Do you remember what Regina Kelloway looks like then?" 
Jeremy suddenly didn’t say a word. 
"I think Regina Kelloway is prettier than that girl." Joanna glanced at Jeremy again through the rearview mirror, and then continued, "And her temperament is better too. She’s just taller than Regina, but Regina is not short." 
"Just being pretty is not enough to live on. I think having good moral values is more important." 
"Joanna, I just want to focus on my studies right now, and I won’t consider anything else." Jeremy was a bit speechless, rubbing his forehead helplessly, "So, you don’t need to tell me these things. I know what I should or shouldn’t do." 
"I’m not against you dating, either." Joanna said seriously, "As long as it doesn’t affect your studies, you can date. There’s nothing wrong with that. I just hope your future girlfriend is at least a decent girl, with good morals. Even if she’s good in other aspects, it’s not enough if she has poor ethics." 
Jeremy quickly guessed that Joanna was referring to Winnie Beverley. 
It seemed that Joanna had heard what Winnie had said to him just now. 
"Jeremy is a grown-up now, you still treat him like a child?" Ashton Heath listened to the conversation between the two of them and hooked his lips, "A girl who can touch Jeremy’s heart must not be the kind of girl you’re talking about."
###Chapter 1542: Chapter 1359: She was wrong, she repented
"It’s too early for you to worry about such things." 
Joanna pursed her lips, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. 
She really was worried too early. 
"Sis, I won’t consider dating for the next few years," Jeremy said like he was making a promise, "so don’t worry." 
Joanna: "I’m not worried, but if you truly meet someone that makes your heart race, feel free to date. But, that should wait until after your surgery." 
"Speaking of the surgery, Jeremy went to the hospital for a checkup a few days ago. His current physical condition is not bad; I told him that after his upcoming birthday, we’d schedule the surgery." 
Ashton Heath successfully shifted the conversation topic. 
Speaking of Jeremy’s illness, Joanna immediately showed concern and asked, "Can Jeremy have his surgery soon?" 
"Yes, his current physical condition allows for the surgery." 
"Are you sure?" 
"Of course, I am sure." 
"Ashton." 
"Hmm?" 
"Are you confident that you can perform the surgery well?" As Jeremy’s surgery was fast approaching, Joanna felt uneasy again. "You haven’t held a surgical knife for a long time, right? Would your skills be rusty?" 
"Should we practice beforehand or something?" 
Ashton: "..." 
Was his wife doubting his medical skills? 
As a top expert in the field, he could tolerate being questioned by almost anyone. 
But what if the person questioning him was his own wife? 
Ashton showed a dark expression: "Don’t you trust me?" 
"It’s not that I don’t trust you. It’s just that you haven’t held a surgical knife for years, right? Wouldn’t surgery be like other manual tasks, where if you don’t do them frequently, your skills would become rusty when you do?" 
After all, it was her little brother who would be undergoing the surgery. 
Joanna had to confirm in advance. 
Ashton: "..." 
He laughed in anger: "Baby, are you afraid that Jeremy’s surgery will be dangerous if I am the lead surgeon? Do you have that little faith in me?" 
Joanna noticed Ashton’s tone was off. She turned to look at him, only to see that his face’s color looked a bit dark. 
Was he...angry? 
Just as she was about to say something to appease him, she heard Jeremy, in the back seat, say: "Ashton, I have confidence in you. When I went for my checkup, the hospital’s dean said that you were an excellent surgeon and never had a failed surgery. So, I believe you can cure me." 
"Did you hear that?" 
A certain upset man said to Joanna, "Even Jeremy trusts me, but someone still doubts me." 
Joanna: "..." 
Alright, she was wrong and she repented. 
* 
Arriving at Heath Villa. 
When Joanna and the group entered the living room, Madam Heath had already been waiting for them. 
Seeing her two grandchildren and daughter-in-law return, Madam Heath’s face bloomed into a smile, and she was beyond delighted. 
"Joanna, Jeremy, come to Grandma." 
Madam Heath directly ignored Ashton, waving Joanna and Jeremy over to her side. 
With one hand on each of them, she looked at Joanna and said sorrowfully that she had lost weight. 
Then, looking at Jeremy, she said with a heartbroken expression that he had lost weight too. 
"What’s wrong with you two siblings? You are always giving people cause for concern. Haven’t you been eating properly?" 
"It’s been such a short time since we last met, and you both lost so much weight." 
Jeremy smiled warmly and said, "Grandma, I think it’s just your imagination. I weighed myself a couple of days ago, and it’s the same as before."
"Exactly, Grandma, you must be imagining things," Joanna added, "That’s why every time you see us, you think we’ve lost weight.
###Chapter 1543: Chapter 1360: It’s Better Not to See and Not to Worry
"In fact, I ate quite well on the set, and I might have even gained a couple of pounds." 
"It’s all in your head." 
Madam Heath was dissatisfied with this explanation, glaring at the two of them: "I think you’ve lost weight. I told you two, work and study are important, but so is your health, you can’t neglect any of it." 
"Alright, alright." Joanna covered her mouth with a chuckle, "Grandma is right. We’ll listen to her. Didn’t we bring Jeremy here to Grandma’s house for dinner today?" 
"I had the kitchen prepare the dishes you both like." Madam Heath’s eyes were filled with love and indulgence, "Take a look in a while if they missed anything, and tell the kitchen to make it." 
"With a daughter-in-law and a grandson, I seem to be becoming redundant," Ashton complained, but there was not a trace of complaint in his eyes. 
Seeing Madam Heath getting along so well with Joanna and Jeremy, he felt heartened. 
The more Madam Heath doted on Joanna, the happier he was. 
He wished for more people to spoil his wife together. 
As the group happily interacted, Lady Octavia’s presence seemed superfluous. 
Left out, Lady Octavia’s face turned ugly. Joanna and Jeremy Lawrence had ignored her, but that was one thing. 
Even her own son didn’t acknowledge her. 
"I think the redundant person is me." Lady Octavia had planned to take advantage of Joanna and Ashton’s return to reconcile her relationship with her son and daughter-in-law. But seeing their attitudes, anger surged in her belly. 
Unable to help herself, she sarcastically retorted, "Do I no longer have a place in this family? Even my own son acts as if I’m invisible." 
As soon as Lady Octavia spoke, the warm and harmonious atmosphere changed. 
Madam Heath’s face darkened, her eyebrows furrowing in anger: "Every time Ashton and the others come back, do you have to make a scene? If you know you’re redundant, then you shouldn’t be here!" 
"So as not to ruin everyone else’s good mood!" 
Lady Octavia’s face clouded, her complexion whitening instantly: "Mom, I... " 
"Tell me, when haven’t you been like this? I’ve told you so many times, but you never listened. Do you deliberately want Joanna and the others to not come back in the future?" 
"Do you want to make it difficult for this old lady to see her granddaughter-in-law and grandson?" 
"No, Mom..." 
"I think that’s exactly what you want!" Madam Heath was so angry that her breathing became labored, "You don’t even think about why Ashton and the others are treating you this way. Don’t you know what you’ve done?" 
Lady Octavia was rendered speechless. 
Seeing the furious Madam Heath, she didn’t dare say anything else. 
But in her heart, she was still resentful. 
"Enough, you’d better go upstairs and rest." This time, Madam Heath did not give her any face, addressing her directly in front of the crowd, "With you here, everyone is uncomfortable." 
"Seeing them, you’re not happy either." 
"In that case, out of sight, out of mind." 
Lady Octavia’s face grew increasingly unpleasant. 
Regardless of whether she agreed, Madam Heath waved her hand to summon a maid, instructing, "Tell the kitchen that the Lady will eat upstairs tonight and have them send the meal up."
###Chapter 1544: Chapter 1361: Quarrel
The maid froze for a moment, looking at Madam Heath and Lady Octavia, whose face had turned green with anger. She lowered her head respectfully and said, "Yes, Madam." 
Madam Heath had truly exerted her dominance this time. 
This had left Lady Octavia with no say in the matter. 
No matter whether she was willing or not, Madam Heath did not want her to stay here anymore. 
Lady Octavia felt humiliated in front of the younger generation and the maids. She stood up with a green face, trembling with anger, "No need for such trouble. Since none of you want to see me and think I’m a burden, I will leave." 
"I will leave this house. After all, no one here welcomes me. My staying here only gets in the way." 
"I’m leaving, I’m leaving now!" 
After a flurry of angry shouting, Lady Octavia’s eyes reddened, her face full of grievance, and she turned and ran off. 
Ten minutes later. 
Lady Octavia had a bodyguard carry her suitcase, and she came downstairs with a cold face. 
Entering the living room. 
Madam Heath looked at the suitcase the bodyguard was carrying and her face darkened, "Octavia, what are you doing? Where are you going with that suitcase?" 
Lady Octavia turned her head back, "Mom, didn’t you say I was getting in the way, and that my presence here was affecting the harmony between your grandchildren? I’m leaving, so I won’t be causing any trouble. You don’t have to worry about me stopping your grandchildren and their spouses from coming back." 
Madam Heath was furious, not expecting Lady Octavia, who was already quite old, to be so willful. 
She had done something so childish and laughable. 
She actually wanted to run away from home. 
Lady Octavia left quickly. 
In the living room, there was a minute or two of silence. 
Madam Heath was so angry that she couldn’t breathe properly. Tedd hastily fetched her medicine and poured her a glass of warm water to take it with. 
Only then did Madam Heath’s emotions slowly calm down. 
But she still couldn’t help saying, "It’s infuriating! Ashton, you see what your mother has become?!" 
"This is all because of your father’s indulgence. I’ve told him long ago that your mother shouldn’t be spoiled, but he never listens." 
Now, look at the consequences. Your mother has been spoiled to this extent. Does she have any semblance of being an elder at all? Joanna and Jeremy are still here, and there are so many people watching in the living room. She has completely lost face!" 
Seeing that Madam Heath’s breathing was becoming unstable again, Tedd hurriedly said, "Madam, please don’t be too angry, and take care of your own body. You’ve known Lady Octavia’s character for a long time. Perhaps she was just impulsive and left the house in a moment of anger." 
"When she calms down, she’ll definitely come back. At that time, she will realize her mistakes and come to apologize to you." 
"Who wants her apology? Do I care for her apology?" Madam Heath panted, "I feel sorry for the children." 
"Grandma, Jeremy and I are not wronged." Joanna, fearing that the old lady would get too angry, immediately took her hand and softly tried to persuade her, "We still have Grandma to love us. Our main reason for coming back this time was to visit you." 
"Alright, Grandma, don’t be angry. You just asked the kitchen to make Jeremy and me our favorite dishes. Can we have dinner now? I think I’m a bit hungry." 
After Joanna finished speaking, she gave Jeremy a wink. 
Jeremy got the hint and immediately echoed her words, nodding, "Grandma, I think I’m a bit hungry too. Did the kitchen make Meatballs in Tomato Sauce? I really want to eat that right now."
###Chapter 1545: Chapter 1362: Family Feast
Upon hearing that they were hungry, Madam Heath was indeed distracted. 
She lovingly looked at Jeremy and said, "I knew you’d love the Meatballs in Tomato Sauce, so I had it prepared. We also have Kapusniak, Lobster Newberg, and all the other dishes you like. Joanna likes spicy food, so I had the chef prepare General Tso’s Chicken and Ikan Bakar just for you. If you’re all hungry, let’s hurry up and eat." 
Madam Heath instructed Tedd, who was by her side, "Tell the chef to serve the dishes." 
Tedd only let out a sigh of relief when he saw that Madam Heath was no longer angry about the previous incident. He immediately responded, "Yes, right away." 
* 
After Lady Octavia left, the dinner was indeed quite pleasant that evening. 
That’s what Joanna felt, at least. 
She had a good appetite and ate two bowls of food. 
Madam Heath, seeing her eat well, said with satisfaction, "You should eat like this every day, that’s how you’ll gain weight. I noticed that you ate quite a lot of fish today, it seems that you really like it. If you want, you can bring the chef back with you. Let him cook for you from now on." 
"Grandma, Joanna won’t be around for a while," Ashton said, wiping a sesame seed from the corner of Joanna’s mouth. "We can talk about it when she comes back." 
"That works too." Madam Heath took a sip of the after-dinner coffee from Tedd’s hand and wiped the corner of her mouth with a napkin. "I’ll keep the chef here for you; whenever Joanna comes back, he can go join her." 
Joanna hurriedly said sweetly, "Thank you, Grandma. You’re so kind." 
Madam Heath looked at her and laughed, "My dear, work is important, but your health is even more important. Always remember to take care of yourself and don’t work too hard. With your current status, you don’t need to put yourself through so much hardship." 
Joanna felt warm inside from Madam Heath’s concern and nodded, "Okay, Grandma, I’ll be careful. You also need to take care of yourself, so when I’m less busy, I can come and accompany you more often." 
"Jeremy, you too must be very careful with your health."
Knowing about Jeremy’s illness, Madam Heath was heartbroken. She held his hand, gently patting it and saying with affection, "You’re so thin, even thinner than Rebecca. You’re a boy, after all." 
"After Ashton performs your surgery and your health is restored, I’ll make sure to help you regain your strength. In the meantime, don’t put too much pressure on yourself when studying. To me, it’s most important that you are all healthy and safe, especially you Jeremy. You must be very careful with your health and not be careless." 
Jeremy also had a warm smile on his face. He grasped Madam Heath’s hand and said softly with his youthful voice, "Okay, Grandma, I’ll be careful." 
The siblings could feel that Madam Heath truly cared for them. 
So, aside from their brother-in-law, the other person in the Heath family that Jeremy liked was Madam Heath. 
"Jeremy, I heard from your Dad that you’ve started to take over some responsibilities in the company. Is that true?" Madam Heath doted on her grandson Jeremy and felt heartache when she thought about her Heath family’s bloodline being estranged for so many years. 
Fortunately, Jeremy was taken in by the Lawrence family from the orphanage and had a decent life.
###Chapter 1546: Chapter 1363: Nothing is more important than a family reunion
However, there was still a significant difference compared to Ashton Heath and Brandon Heath, who had grown up in the Heath family since childhood. 
Jeremy Lawrence was good-looking, had a sweet mouth, and had excellent academic performance. 
Although he was just recently recognized as the grandson, Madam Heath genuinely loved him. 
Naturally, she took Jeremy’s matters to heart. 
"Mhm, Dad told me to start learning and familiarize myself with the company’s business. I will go to the company with him whenever I have time." 
Madam Heath nodded, "Children from our Heath family can handle many things early on. Your brother-in-law, Ashton, and your eldest cousin are the same. It is good to get familiar with it now. After you graduate, you can directly join the company and work." 
"As your father’s only child, the company will be handed over to you in the future. Our Heath family’s company cannot fall into the hands of outsiders." 
"Mhm, Grandma is right." 
"In the early years, your father had no children, so Delilah brought her nephew into the company. I didn’t have much to say. But now that you, his biological son, are here, I have to step in." 
"Also, Delilah is a jealous person. Since you are not her biological child, she will have some opinions about you. If you feel wronged, just tell your grandma. I will speak up for you. Just remember, grandma will always protect you. Do you know that?" 
Jeremy Lawrence smiled, "Mhm, Grandma, I know. Actually, Delilah is not that bad, and she hasn’t made me feel wronged." 
"That’s good." 
"Joanna, how do you and your birth parents get along? Your mother seems like a gentle person, and I can tell she loves you a lot." 
"Mhm, Mom treats me well." Joanna’s eyes showed a hint of warmth when speaking of Madam White, "My brother treats me well too." 
"They never gave up on finding you for over ten years, so they must care about you a lot. Now that the four of you are reunited, it is a happy occasion. However, are you not going to announce the reunion publicly?" 
Joanna shook her head, "No, I don’t want it to be public. I think it is enough for a family to be together. It doesn’t matter whether others know or not." 
"That’s true," Madam Heath sighed, "Nothing is more important than the reunion of a family. However, even if it is not public, a small banquet should be held for close friends and relatives to know about you." 
Joanna didn’t mind, "Mom said the same thing, so we will find a time to hold a banquet." 
"Speaking of which, you and Ashton should start thinking about your wedding. I remember you said that you would wait until after graduation to have the wedding, right? You are about to graduate soon." 
Joanna was stunned. She realized that she was indeed about to graduate very soon as Madam Heath mentioned it. 
She did say that they would have the wedding after graduation. 
"I also think my sister and brother-in-law should start thinking about the wedding," Jeremy agreed. 
"As for the wedding, I’ve already thought about it," Ashton turned his head to look at Joanna and said, "We will have the wedding that Joanna likes." 
"I think Mrs. White’s suggestion before was good. We can have a banquet at the White family’s side and one at our Heath family’s side." 
"In this case, there will be both Chinese and Western styles. Of course, it’s still up to you guys since it’s your wedding." 
"Grandma, it’s still early," Ashton smiled, "We will discuss it with both families when the time comes."
###Chapter 1547: Chapter 1364: Pleading for the Kelloway Family
"Regardless of whether it is a Chinese esque or Western esque wedding, I want to give Joanna a grand one." 
"As you should. Both your and Brandon’s weddings should be grand. Speaking of which, I heard that the young girlfriend brought back by Brandon knows Joanna? Joanna, is this true?" 
"Yes, Grandma, Aria and I shared a dorm room in college. We’ve always been very close." 
"What a destined fate. The two of you are like sisters dating two brothers. If your friend ends up marrying Brandon, then she will become your sister-in-law. You will become a real family and grow even closer." 
If Lady Octavia had made this comment, Joanna would not have thought she meant it as a good thing. 
But when Madam Heath said it, she truly meant it as a blessing. 
"Yes, I also hope that Aria can end up marrying Brandon. Then, she would become my sister-in-law." 
"This year really made me feel the most at ease. In the past, I couldn’t sleep well worrying about the lifelong matters of Ashton and Brandon. I always feared that the two brothers would end up alone." 
"Thankfully, God has been kind to us Heaths as this year it saw the resolution of their personal matters. Once Brandon gets married, then I wouldn’t have anything to worry about." 
* 
Madam Heath, being old and not in the best health, needed rest. 
After dinner and a bit of conversation with Joanna’s family, she expressed her fatigue and went off to rest. 
When Tedd guided Madam Heath away, Jeremy Lawrence thought of something and left the room to speak with Ashton Heath, asking, "Ashton, may I have a word with you in private?" 
Ashton glanced at Joanna. 
Joanna stood up and said, "I’ll take a stroll in the garden. You talk to Jeremy." 
With that, she exited the hall. 
"Jeremy, come with me." 
Ashton left these words behind and headed for his upstairs study. 
Jeremy quickly followed him there. 
Once inside the study, Jeremy gently closed the door. 
Settled on the sofa, Ashton pointed to the seat opposite him and said, "Let’s sit down before we talk." 
Jeremy slowly made his way over. 
When he sat down, Ashton turned his head and asked, "What do you want to discuss with me?" 
"Ashton, has the Kelloway family asked for your assistance?" Jeremy decided to get straight to the point. He had promised Regina he’d plea for her case and regardless of Ashton’s willingness to help, he intended on keeping his promise. 
Ashton paused, furrowing his brows. 
Considering that Regina had sought out Jeremy earlier, Ashton had a rough idea of what was going on. 
"What you want to talk about is the Kelloway’s issue? Did Regina have you put in a word for them?" 
Jeremy abruptly lifted his head in surprise. 
"Regina sought you out this afternoon for the Kelloway’s situation?" 
Jeremy stayed silent for a while and his complexion slowly returned to normal. He nodded, "Yes." 
"So, you want to persuade me to assist the Kelloway family?" Ashton raised an eyebrow. 
"Ashton, is your reluctance to help the Kelloway family due to what Rebecca did to Joanna?" Jeremy asked obliquely. 
"You could say that." 
"I understand you’re defending Joanna, but...the rest of the Kelloway family should be innocent. I’ve heard that the Heath family and the Kelloway family have a good private relationship. Ashton, are you really not considering helping the Kelloways?"
###Chapter 1548: Chapter 1366: Pass My Exact Words to Her
Ashton Heath looked at Jeremy Lawrence with narrowed eyes. His gaze became somewhat profound. 
"Jeremy, first answer me a question." 
"Speak, Ashton." 
"If Regina Kelloway hadn’t asked you for help, would you still think the other members of the Kelloway family are innocent?" 
The color drained from Jeremy’s face. 
"Jeremy, it’s not that I don’t want to give the Kelloway family a chance. I’ve stated my conditions and if they can fulfill them, I will help. But if they can’t, what happens to the Kelloway family is none of my business." 
"I know that Regina Kelloway is your classmate and that you would feel bad refusing her request for help. If she asks about it again, just relay what I said to her." 
Jeremy stayed silent for a moment, moistening his lips before nodding. "I understand." 
"Regina Kelloway is a good girl." Ashton paused for a second, then continued under Jeremy’s surprised gaze, "But considering your sister’s current relationship with Rebecca Kelloway, you two being together might not go smoothly." 
"Ashton, what... what are you talking about?" Jeremy gave Ashton a startled look, his eyes laced with confusion. "You’re mistaken. Regina and I are just classmates. I agreed to help just because we’re classmates." 
"Perhaps." Ashton didn’t elaborate on the matter. "I just wanted to tell you, try not to start dating before the surgery. And it would be best not to date within a year after the surgery." 
"Although it wouldn’t be a problem if you want to date, it’s better not to." 
"Ashton, I’m not thinking about these things right now." 
"Mm." Ashton nodded. "I’m not worried about you. It’s just Joanna who is concerned about whether you’re facing any difficulties recently." 
"Joanna’s worried about me?" Jeremy paused, lowering his eyes, a trace of coldness quickly flashing beneath them. "Joanna worries too much. I’ve been fine, nothing has happened to me. She has always treated me like a child, always worrying about me. That’s why she has such concerns." 
"Actually, I can take care of myself now." 
"Tell Joanna not to worry. I can take care of myself." 
"Jeremy, no matter what happens, don’t hesitate to ask for my help if you need it." Ashton stood up, walked to Jeremy’s side and patted him on the shoulder. "I’m not just your brother-in-law, but also your cousin. Joanna reiterated many times instructing me to take good care of you. If anything happens to you, Joanna will never forgive me." 
"Mm, thank you, Ashton." 
* 
Returning to Hillside Villa. 
After taking a shower, Joanna Lawrence changed into her pajamas and walked out of the bathroom. 
Ashton Heath had also taken a shower, and was lying in bed wearing a robe, browsing on a tablet. 
Joanna walked over and lay down next to him. 
As always, the man opened his arm for her to rest her head on. 
Joanna turned over and hugged him, "What did Jeremy say to you at Heath Villa?" 
Ashton lowered his gaze at her, set the tablet aside, and drew her closer with his other hand, hugging her lightly. 
Taking a deep breath, he inhaled her faint fragrance and whispered, "He pleaded for the Kelloway family." 
Joanna was taken aback, looking surprised. "He pleaded for the Kelloway family?" 
"Regina Kelloway asked him to intercede on their behalf. He probably didn’t feel comfortable refusing. But that was all he did, he didn’t say anything else." 
"And you..."
###Chapter 1549: Chapter 1367: You must treat me well in the future
"Of course, I didn’t agree to help him. The Kelloway family’s problems are too big, and even if the Heath family is willing to help, it will require a significant amount of money. And the money invested might not necessarily be recovered." 
"From a business point of view, there is no advantage to helping the Kelloway family." 
"But, haven’t the relations between the Heath family and the Kelloway family always been good? If you refuse to help, will they go find Grandma?" 
"I’m the president of Heath Group, not Grandma." Ashton Heath gave a light smile, "Even if Grandma is willing to help them, the final decision maker is still me." 
"So, you won’t really help the Kelloway family?" 
"Why, do you want to plead for the Kelloway family?" 
"... No." Joanna wasn’t that much of a divine lady. Considering what Rebecca Kelloway did to her, she wouldn’t be pleading for the Kelloway family. 
"Sir Kelloway and my grandfather were very good friends, they fought on the same battlefield. The relationship between the two families has lasted for so many years because of them. But since my grandfather passed away, the interaction between the two families has decreased." 
"The Heath family has no obligation to help the Kelloway family. If the roles were reversed, the Kelloway family might not help the Heath family either. Whether the Kelloway family can get through this depends on themselves. According to their current business model, even if they survive this crisis, if they don’t undergo major internal changes, the same problems will still happen in the future." 
"Besides, your brother Gary wants the Kelloway family to suffer. If I help, he will probably have a big problem with me." 
"My brother?" Joanna blinked, tilting her small face in confusion, "What does this have to do with my brother?" 
"Of course it’s related." Ashton Heath gently pinched her nose, "Do you know why the stock price of Kelloway Group suddenly fell so quickly? If it wasn’t for your brother’s actions, even with the problems in the Kelloway Group, it could have lasted another year or two." 
"That decline in the stock price dealt a huge blow to the Kelloway Group, and now they can’t hold on any longer." 
"You mean... the fall in the Kelloway family’s stock price was orchestrated by my brother?" Joanna was extremely surprised, her face full of disbelief. 
"Yes, he said he wanted to help you get even and couldn’t let his sister be mistreated." 
"But how did he manage to do it?"
"For others, it might not be an easy task. But for your brother..." Ashton Heath smiled, "It should be quite simple." 
Joanna was once again dumbfounded. She never knew her brother was capable of such things. 
As if seeing what she was thinking, Ashton Heath said: "Your brother may be a director, but he isn’t limited to filmmaking. Back in the day, when he stirred up turmoil in the stock market, he was only eighteen." 
"It’s just that he’s not interested in these things and prefers film shooting, which is why he chose to be a director." 
Joanna listened in astonishment. 
She never expected that Gary White, besides being a director, had such an impressive past. 
She didn’t expect that the sudden problems with the Kelloway Group, which almost led to bankruptcy, were all caused by Gary White. 
After hearing about all this, at this moment, her heart had only one thought: her brother was really awesome. 
"It seems that you must treat me well in the future." Halfway through, Joanna sighed while reflecting on the situation. 
Ashton Heath raised his eyebrows, his deep and magnetic voice was mesmerizing, asking curiously, "Oh?" 
Joanna looked at him, a serious expression on her face, "My brother is so amazing. If you don’t treat me well, what if he takes action against Heath Group in the future? Are you afraid?"
###Chapter 1550: Chapter 1368: It Seems Like She Has Neglected Her Husband
Ashton Heath hesitated for a moment, his Adam’s apple bobbing twice, before he let out a soft laugh. "Afraid, very afraid. You’re right, I have to treat you well to prevent the Heath Group from going bankrupt in the future." 
"Treat you well and spoil you for a lifetime." 
"I can’t let Heath Group go bankrupt on my watch, or else I’ll become the sinner of the Heath family." 
Joanna Lawrence spoke seriously and the man replied just as solemnly. 
Actually, both of them were just joking around. 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh as well: "As long as you know. Now that I have brothers, if you don’t treat me well, I’ll have them beat you up." 
"Then I may have to disappoint you." 
"Huh?" 
"Because that will never happen." Ashton Heath hugged his little wife tighter, gently kissing her forehead. His voice was gentle and affectionate, "Joanna, I will love you for a lifetime. You are my baby forever. If I ever let you down, I’m bound to meet a tragic end in this life." 
Just as he finished speaking, Joanna quickly covered his mouth. 
She bit her lip and glared at him: "What’s the point in suddenly saying these things? None of that tragic ending nonsense, I want you to be well in this life." 
The man chuckled lightly, removed her small hand from his mouth and pressed it against his handsome face: "A man who lets down his wife should meet a tragic end. If I haven’t done anything wrong, I won’t be afraid of retribution. I’m not afraid to make such an oath; what are you afraid of?" 
"You still shouldn’t say that so casually." Joanna pinched his face, "Anyway, you’re not allowed to say that again, I don’t like hearing it." 
"Yes, ma’am, Wife." 
Joanna rested on his chest, listening to his steady and powerful heartbeat. 
The rhythmic beat seemed hypnotic, and as she listened, her eyelids became heavy. 
"Ashton Heath, I’m so sleepy." Joanna Lawrence yawned lazily, "I want to sleep now." 
"Okay, sleep then." Knowing that she had to wake up early the next day, Ashton Heath had some thoughts but still wanted her to get a good night’s sleep. 
He shifted his body, rolling to his side to protect her, raising his arm so she could sleep more comfortably. 
His other hand gently rested on her head like he was holding her in his arms, "Have sweet dreams, baby." 
Joanna yawned again, snuggling into his arms and whispered softly, "Then...Goodnight." 
"Goodnight." 
* 
The next day, Joanna Lawrence flew back to Frankfurt. 
The film shooting continued. 
Shelly Elegance Company transferred the remaining signing advertisement fees from the first endorsement, and when Joanna received the money, she noticed that it was much higher than the amount mentioned in the signing agreement.
She called Linda to ask what had happened. 
"Because the face mask you endorsed is selling extremely well, and they’re now out of stock, Shelly Elegance Company said the extra money is a bonus. I also talked to the company, so they won’t take a commission from this bonus and will give you the full amount." 
"Although I know you’re not short of money now, but..." 
"Linda, I’m actually short of money," Joanna cut her off before she could finish, "No one would think they have enough money. So, if there are any other suitable endorsements, you can help me accept them all. I really don’t mind having a full schedule every day. I particularly enjoy leading such a fulfilled life." 
Linda: "..." 
After Joanna had finished speaking, she felt as if she had overlooked something. 
Thinking it through, she finally remembered. 
It seemed like she had neglected her husband.
###Chapter 1551: Chapter 1369: This Totally Doesn’t Match Her Style
If she really had a full schedule every day, Ashton Heath probably wouldn’t let her continue in the entertainment industry. 
Joanna Lawrence felt that the bonus she received from Shelly Elegance Company was like a windfall from the sky, picked up freely. 
It came as a pleasant surprise. 
Although the money wasn’t a huge amount, it was still an affirmation of her efforts. 
Immediately, she happily sent a message to Aria Rowlett on Twitter: "Aria, I got my first advertisement endorsement fee in my life! They said the product I endorsed sold really well, so they gave me a bonus. I’ll treat you to dinner when I get back!" 
Aria Rowlett quickly replied: "There’s a bonus? Is it a lot of money?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "It’s not a lot of money, but it’s definitely enough to treat you to a lavish meal. By then, you can bring your partner too." 
Aria Rowlett: "He’s been very busy lately. I haven’t seen him for days. I’ll mention it to him next time we meet." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Speaking of which, has Lady Octavia been bothering you lately?" 
Aria Rowlett: "No." 
Joanna Lawrence: "Has she made any other moves?" 
Aria Rowlett: "It doesn’t seem like it... " 
Joanna Lawrence pondered upon Aria’s response. 
It shouldn’t be this way. 
Lady Octavia was strongly against Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath being together. She had tried to persuade Aria to leave with money and had failed. Was she just giving up? 
Joanna Lawrence felt that Lady Octavia wasn’t someone who would give up easily. 
Doing nothing was entirely out of her usual style. 
* 
Meanwhile. 
Just as Aria Rowlett finished replying to Joanna Lawrence’s message, she received a phone call. 
Her expression changed slightly at the sight of the caller ID, and after a few seconds, she picked up the call. 
Immediately, a sobbing voice on the other end said excitedly, "Alvin, your brother is in trouble, you must save him!" 
* 
Aria Rowlett took the first available flight back to her hometown. 
It was Friday. 
As per usual, she would stay with Brandon Heath over the weekend. 
Before boarding the plane, she sent a message to Ria telling her not to prepare dinner for her and informing her that she would not be coming over for the weekend since she was going back to her hometown. 
Just in time. 
As she boarded the plane and switched off her phone, Brandon Heath’s Rolls-Royce slowly drove into the courtyard. 
After getting out of the car, 
Ria, as usual, was waiting outside the building. 
Brandon Heath handed his laptop to Luke and, seeing only Ria, glanced at his watch, asking doubtfully, "Ria, Aria didn’t come today?" 
Ria sighed, feeling it was a pity. 
Mr. Brandon had been busy lately and hadn’t been home for a long time.
He finally came home today, but Ms. Aria wasn’t there. 
The two had just missed each other. 
No one knew when Mr. Brandon would return next. 
When busy, they might not see each other for half a month or even longer. 
"Ms. Aria said she had something to do in her hometown, so she won’t be coming this weekend," Ria replied. 
"She went back to her hometown?" 
Brandon Heath took out his phone and dialed Aria Rowlett’s number, only to get an automated female voice stating that her phone was switched off. 
Brandon Heath frowned and hung up, asking Ria, "Did she say what it was about?" 
Ria shook her head, "She didn’t." 
Brandon Heath pursed his lips in silence for a moment, then turned to Luke, "You once looked into her background, do you remember where her hometown is?" 
Luke thought for a moment, then nodded, "I remember. Ms. Aria’s hometown is a small county called Hickory Town."
###Chapter 1552: Chapter 1370: It’s Different Now, I Have You.
"Hickory Town, is it far from here?" 
Luke was taken aback and said in surprise, "Minister, you’re not thinking of going to find Ms. Aria, are you?" 
"Not really." Brandon Heath shook his head. 
He was just a little worried about Aria Rowlett going back alone. 
And since she suddenly returned to her hometown, she must have encountered some urgent matter. 
But he couldn’t contact her now. Even though he was worried, he could only wait for her to get off the plane and then give her a call to ask about the situation. 
* 
More than two hours later, Aria Rowlett got off the plane. 
As soon as she turned on her phone, she saw the missed call notification from Brandon Heath. 
She called back. 
Quickly, Brandon Heath picked up. 
"Aria." The man’s warm voice came through the phone. 
"I saw that you called me. Is there anything you need?" 
As Aria Rowlett spoke, she waved for a taxi. 
Her hometown was in a small county, and it would take more than an hour by bus from the car station to get there. 
"Yeah, I went home and didn’t see you. I heard from Ria that you had to go back to your hometown for something?" 
"You went home?" Aria Rowlett was taken aback. 
"Yes. It feels a little empty without you there." 
Aria Rowlett’s heart couldn’t help but speed up at this casual statement from the man. Brandon Heath was really... 
Because of his words, Aria felt much better. She held back a smile, her lips curling up slightly, "Brandon, I’ve noticed that you’re getting better and better at sweet talk these days. Have you had any lessons?" 
"Hmm?" It seemed that Brandon Heath was also smiling, and his low laughter filled Joanna’s ears with a touch of affection and tenderness. 
"You’ve gotten better at saying nice things to please people, haven’t you?" 
"How am I trying to please you?" 
"Didn’t you just..." Aria Rowlett thought about how Brandon Heath didn’t even know what flirting meant, and concluded that she was probably overthinking it. 
Brandon Heath was not trying to please her. 
He was genuinely saying that he found the house empty because that’s how he felt. 
However, Aria Rowlett still felt touched. 
Because Brandon Heath wasn’t good at sweet talk, whatever he said wasn’t just to please someone else. 
She raised the corners of her lips even more, "Brandon, it seems that I am very important to you. When I’m not around, you feel empty at home. Before, when we weren’t together, you were alone too, right? Besides, there are still Ria and others at home, so how can it be empty?" 
"Yes, you are very important," Brandon Heath’s voice was still gentle and warm, "Ria and the others are not like you. I was always by myself before, but now things have changed. I have you." 
Aria Rowlett: "..." 
Could he please not say those words in such a serious tone? 
Her heart started to race uncontrollably again. 
"Aria, why did you go home? Is there an emergency in your family? Do you need my help?" After a pause, Brandon Heath added, "If you need assistance, I can send someone over." 
Thinking about what her mother had told her on the phone, Aria furrowed her brows, and her mood inevitably worsened. 
However, she didn’t want to worry Brandon Heath, so she took a deep breath, calmed herself down, and said, "It’s just some miscellaneous issues at home, I can handle them myself. If I can’t, I’ll let you know." 
"Well, that’s good. Aria, remember that we are a couple now.
###Chapter 1553: Chapter 1371: Why, It Still Feels Sad Though
"If there’s anything you can’t handle, tell me, and I’ll help you." 
After a while, Aria hung up the phone. 
She turned to look outside the window, her eyebrows furrowed in annoyance. 
Her phone rang again, and when she looked down and saw it was Mrs. Rowlett calling, she waited for a while before answering the call. 
"Alvin, are you home yet?" Mrs. Rowlett asked anxiously, "Your dad and I have been waiting for you, where are you now? When will you be here, so we can pick you up." 
Aria looked down, "I just got off the plane a moment ago." 
"Just got off the plane?" There seemed to be dissatisfaction in Mrs. Rowlett’s tone, "Why are you so slow?" 
Aria clenched her fingers, holding back her temper, "I rushed to the airport after your call, how fast could I be? I don’t have wings to fly back." 
"You child, am I not worried?" Mrs. Rowlett’s tone became more dissatisfied, accusing her, "What’s with this attitude after studying abroad for so long, becoming more and more capable, huh? Don’t forget, I’m your mother no matter how capable you are." 
"You are the flesh that fell from my body, without my ten months of pregnancy to give birth to you, would you have today?" 
"And now you’re getting angry with me." 
Aria bit her lip as she stared emotionlessly at the buildings passing outside the window, a mocking smile pulled at the corner of her mouth. 
Mrs. Rowlett complained for a while, then angrily said, "When you get off the plane, just take a taxi home directly, don’t go on any buses. We can’t wait for your brother’s urgent matter, so hurry back, understand?" 
With that, Mrs. Rowlett hung up the phone. 
Aria remained in her phone-holding position, staring outside the window for a while before the corners of her mouth twitched. 
It was always this way. 
Whenever anything happened to Issac, it was always urgent. 
But when she faced anything, they always said she was old enough to know how to handle things on her own, and not to rely on her parents for help when things happened.
Sometimes she wondered if she was really a blood relative of the Rowlett family. 
Her last name was Rowlett, but in Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett’s eyes, she was destined to become an outsider someday, like water splashed out. 
Only Issac, their darling, held a special place in their hearts. 
But since it had always been this way, she should be used to it, right? 
Why did it still make her feel sad? 
* 
Upon arriving home, just as Aria got out of the car, Mrs. Rowlett rushed over and grabbed her wrist, crying, "Alvin, you’re finally back. You must save your brother, only you can save him now." 
Mr. Rowlett stood beside, wiping his tears, "Yes, Alvin, only you can save your brother now." 
Mrs. Rowlett’s sudden grasp was so strong that Aria’s wrist turned red. 
"Mom, let go of me first." Aria endured the pain and pried Mrs. Rowlett’s hand off, looking at the red-eyed and swollen Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett in front of her, she pursed her lips and asked indifferently, "What exactly happened, what’s going on with Issac?" 
Mrs. Rowlett sobbed, "Your brother was arrested and taken to the police station. He’s been in there for two days, and that place is unbearable. He hasn’t experienced hardship since he was little, so he must be suffering in there." 
Aria frowned, "Why was he taken to the police station?"
###Chapter 1554: Chapter 1372: He was betrayed by someone
Just moments ago, Mrs. Rowlett was sobbing uncontrollably, and now her cries suddenly stopped. 
When she looked at Aria, her pupils flickered, and her gaze became a little evasive. 
"This, this..." 
Aria took a deep breath and suppressed her anger: "He gambled again? Didn’t you stop him?"
"Issac is innocent, he was set up by others," Mrs. Rowlett started sobbing again, "They deliberately wanted to cheat him of his money. He is young and doesn’t understand their tricks, so he was easily fooled." 
"So, why exactly was he taken to the police station?" Aria looked at her sobbing parents, feeling increasingly annoyed. She held back her anger and said, "Crying won’t solve the problem. You have to tell me the whole truth about why Issac was taken to the police station. If you want to solve this problem, you have to tell me everything." 
No matter how upset Aria was with her parents’ favoritism, they were still her birth parents. 
And Issac was her own brother. 
When they were younger, Joanna enjoyed a close relationship with her brother. Issac was a likable younger brother. 
But then, Issac fell into bad company and picked up many bad habits. The once well-behaved younger brother strayed further and further down the path of degeneration. 
As a result, the relationship between the two siblings grew more distant over time. 
"Well..." Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett exchanged a glance. After a while, they stammered, "Issac, he went to play cards and met a shill in a casino. That guy said he felt a connection at first sight and insisted that Issac was like his own brother. So, when he found out that Issac didn’t have much money on him, he lent him some to gamble with." 
"Issac took the money he borrowed and went to a place called Gambling City. He lost all the money there." 
"The man demanded that Issac repay him. Unable to pay, Issac secretly ran back home. But that man, along with his gang, pursued him. They showed the IOU, accused Issac of not repaying his debts, and had the police take Issac away." 
At this point, Mrs. Rowlett gnashed her teeth: "That man is a beast, and his heart is thoroughly rotten. If it weren’t for his loan, how could Issac have ended up owing a huge debt and being taken away by the police?" 
When Aria heard the words "huge debt," she suddenly had a bad feeling in her heart. 
She looked at Mrs. Rowlett: "How much money did Issac owe?" 
It was not the first time Issac had owed money due to gambling. In the past, Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett had managed to help him out. 
"This..." Mrs. Rowlett’s eyes became evasive again, her gaze flickering. She stuttered, "About... about ten million dollars, I suppose." 
"What, ten million dollars?" Aria widened her eyes in disbelief, "He owes someone ten million dollars?" 
Aria had already prepared herself mentally, but she was still shocked by the number Mrs. Rowlett mentioned. 
Ten million dollars was an amount the Rowlett family could never earn in their entire lifetime. 
In the past, when Issac had owed money, it was usually only tens of thousands. 
Aria even wondered if she had heard wrong. 
"Yes...yes." Mrs. Rowlett seemed to realize that the number was terrifying as well, and her voice became even less confident, "That’s why I said that man is a swindler. When he first met Issac, he lent him ten million dollars. Hasn’t he ever bothered to inquire about our family’s situation and find out whether Issac could pay him back?" 
"So, you’re saying that upon their first meeting, he lent Issac ten million dollars?"
###Chapter 1555: Chapter 1373: Aria Rowlett, What Do You Mean
"Isn’t that the truth? Is this person normal? Issac is so young, and he can’t resist the temptation. Anyway, Issac was led astray by that person. Now he’s being held at the police station, and they won’t let him go until he pays the money back. But it’s ten million dollars! How are we going to pay that back?" 
"Even if your father and I were to give up our lives, we still couldn’t repay this ten million dollars."
"So, Alvin, right now only you have the hope of helping your brother pay off this debt in our family. 
After hearing what Mrs. Rowlett had to say, Aria Rowlett also felt that something was off. 
But her next second she was amused by Mrs. Rowlett’s words. 
"Mom, you’re talking about ten million dollars, not ten thousand or twenty thousand. If you both think you can’t pay it back, why do you think I can?" 
Aria Rowlett did have ten million dollars. 
The 50 million dollars that Brandon Heath had given her before was still in the card. 
But that doesn’t mean she’s willing to help Issac Rowlett repay that ten million dollars. 
Even if Issac was cheated by someone, he was the one who couldn’t resist temptation and insisted on gambling, that’s why he was cheated. 
Such things can happen once, twice, or even three times. 
Upon hearing her words, Mrs. Rowlett’s face suddenly changed: "Aria Rowlett, what do you mean? Are you saying you’re going to let your brother rot in jail without helping him? He’s your own brother, how could you sit idly by?!" 
Aria Rowlett looked calm: "Mom, you know it’s ten million dollars. Where do you think I can find ten million dollars to pay off this debt?" 
"How can you not find it?" Mrs. Rowlett was suddenly anxious, "Other stars can make several million dollars for a single movie. Even if you don’t have that much, you’re not far off, right? You actors make money the fastest." 
Mr. Rowlett was also getting impatient: "Alvin, you can’t ignore your brother. You know that your mother and I have fixed salaries, and we only make so much money throughout the year. Ten million dollars is more than we could ever make in our entire lives. If you’re not willing to help, what will happen to your brother?" 
"You two used to get along so well. Can you bear to watch him stay locked up like this?" 
Aria Rowlett found it funny: "Dad, Mom, it’s true that there’s a lot of money in the entertainment industry and that actors can make more than ordinary people. But I’m just a student now. How much money do you think I can make without any fame?" 
"Let alone ten million dollars, if you asked me to come up with one million dollars, I couldn’t do it either." Aria Rowlett finished, watching the faces of Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett change. 
Mrs. Rowlett’s face darkened instantly: "Aria Rowlett, don’t think I don’t know that you’ve made a lot of money these past few years. Even if it’s not ten million dollars, you still have several million dollars, right? Now that your brother is in trouble, as a member of the Rowlett family, it’s your duty to help him." 
"If you can’t come up with ten million dollars, at least help him pay back some money first, so he can get out of the police station." 
"Mom, I’ve told you, I don’t have that much money." Aria Rowlett looked calm as she spoke to Mrs. Rowlett. "Before Issac took the ten million dollars, he should have thought about his inability to pay off the debt. But he still took the money." 
"Whether he was intentionally framed by someone or not, he is not innocent." 
"This isn’t the first time we’ve heard about Issac’s gambling. If it wasn’t for your constant pampering and indulgence, would he have turned out like this? Because of your indulgence, this has happened, and neither you nor I can do anything about it."
###Chapter 1556: Chapter 1374: Is She Back for More Trouble?
"Alvin, how could you do this? Our family’s only hope right now is you. If you don’t help, what will happen to Issac?" Mr. Rowlett’s face darkened. "Issac is your own brother. Can you really bear to see him suffer?" 
Aria clenched her fists, staring at the couple in front of her who were nominally her parents. All she felt was strangeness and alienation. 
These were her biological parents. 
She pursed her lips in silence for a moment, curled up the corners of her mouth, and mocked, "Issac is my own brother, so I must help, even if he owes someone ten million dollars, I have to find a way to help him repay it." 
"He’s your beloved son, so you can’t bear to see him suffer at all. But what about me?" 
Aria felt her heart grow cold: "You never even think about where I’ll find this ten million dollars. You ask me what to do with Issac, but have you ever thought about what I should do? Let alone that I don’t have this ten million dollars, even if I did, I wouldn’t possibly give it to him to pay off his debts." 
"He must bear the consequences of the trouble he caused himself." 
"You, you..." Mrs. Rowlett’s face turned green with anger, pointing at Aria and cursing, "Aria Rowlett, are you even human, to be so heartless towards your own brother? You think you can really wash your hands of it by just saying you won’t help? You are the flesh and blood that fell from me, raised on the Rowlett family’s food, don’t think about being an absentee." 
"If you don’t help bail out your brother, I’ll make a scene at your school." 
"At that time, the whole school will know what kind of person you are." 
Mr. Rowlett saw Aria’s face change and stretched out his hand to pull Mrs. Rowlett. 
Now, the Rowlett family could only rely on this daughter. 
Although Mr. Rowlett was also dissatisfied with Aria’s behavior, he still endured it for the sake of his son. 
Mrs. Rowlett was so angry that she couldn’t stand it, she turned her head and glared at Mr. Rowlett and continued cursing, "Am I wrong? She’s so cold-hearted. Issac is our Rowlett family’s future, if anything happens to him, I won’t let her off the hook." 
Aria thought she could face all this calmly. 
From childhood to adulthood, she had become accustomed to being treated differently. 
But at this moment, she still couldn’t help but feel her heart growing cold. 
Her entire heart felt icy cold from the inside out. 
As expected, to her parents, the Rowlett family only had one child - Issac Rowlett. 
As their daughter, she was probably not even as good as a stranger. 
After all, her parents had a great reputation as good people among the neighbors, with everyone speaking highly of them. 
Aria felt very sad. 
She didn’t know why she had rushed back. 
Had she come back to be abused? 
"Alvin, your mom is just saying that out of anger, she’s just worried about Issac," Mr. Rowlett, fearing that Aria would be truly disheartened and leave, immediately stepped forward and softened his voice, holding Aria’s hand. "You must be hungry after just coming back. Let’s go in, I’ll cook you some noodles. We can discuss Issac’s situation later." 
Mrs. Rowlett’s face still showed dissatisfaction, and she wanted to continue scolding. 
Mr. Rowlett gave her a cold stare: "Are you really not going to be satisfied until you drive Alvin away? In any case, Issac won’t be released right now. If Alvin didn’t care about Issac, she wouldn’t have come back this time." 
Mrs. Rowlett hesitated, then realized that if Aria was driven away, then no one would take care of Issac.
###Chapter 1557: Chapter 1375: That Home No Longer Has a Place for Me
She turned her head, gave Aria Rowlett a cold glance, then pivoted and walked into the house.
Aria Rowlett stood there, unmoving. 
Mr. Rowlett tried to comfort her. "You know your mother’s temperament. Your brother has been in jail for several days, and we can’t find any way to bail him out. Your mother loves your brother dearly, so she speaks impulsively." 
"But she doesn’t really think that way at heart." 
Aria Rowlett knew all too well what her parents were like. 
Because she understood them, she felt an even deeper sadness. 
She knew all too well that even this bit of tenderness being shown was because of her brother, Issac Rowlett. 
* 
Elsewhere. 
Lady Octavia sat in the hotel’s coffee shop, talking on the phone. 
A young man’s voice came through the phone, "My lady, Aria Rowlett has been called back to the Rowlett family home. Our plan is going smoothly, she certainly won’t be able to pay her brother’s debt. When the Rowlett family is desperate, they are sure to accept our terms." 
"Besides, Aria Rowlett’s parents don’t care much about their daughter. I assure you, if it can get their son out of jail, they’ll agree to anything." 
"Good," Lady Octavia held her coffee cup, lightly leaning on the sofa cushion, "Then everything should proceed as planned. However, I’m worried that if she turns to Brandon for help. He’s bewitched by her now, what if he pays off the debt for her?" 
"My Lady, you can be rest assured. Aria Rowlett doesn’t have a good relationship with her parents. They’ve shown preference for boys over girls her whole life, so she must harbor resentment towards them. Furthermore, our investigation shows she’s a very independent girl, I’m sure she won’t turn to Mr. Brandon." 
Lady Octavia’s lips curled up slightly, her eyes filled with coldness, "I hope so. Those shameless sirens keep trying to seduce my son. I won’t let Aria succeed again." 
"You must handle this matter competently." 
"My Lady, rest assured, we will not fail your trust." 
As soon as Lady Octavia hung up the phone, it rang again. 
Seeing that the call was from her husband, Darren Heath, she hesitated before answering. 
"Octavia, where are you now? Mom said you guys argued and you ran away from home. Is this true?" 
Lady Octavia’s face darkened immediately: "Did mom snitch on me? Are you calling to scold me too?" 
"Octavia, don’t be so unreasonable. Mom is getting old, why can’t you be more tolerant? Why would you argue with her? Besides, you’re not a child anymore, it’s not like you to run away from home. Now, return home and apologize to mom, stop being so stubborn." 
Lady Octavia had always felt wronged in this matter. Even her husband who had always pampered and comforted her was, now, blaming her. She felt even more upset and wronged. 
And even more furious. 
She growled, "Darren Heath, I’m not going back. There’s no place for me in that home anymore, why should I go back? What do you mean I’m being stubborn? Do you know how much hurt I’ve endured? All these years, I’ve been tolerant with mom. But she’d rather favor outsiders than treating her daughter-in-law fairly. I won’t go back and I won’t apologize. I haven’t done anything wrong, why should I apologize?"
###Chapter 1558: Chapter 1376: What is this Miss’s Surname?
"I think it’s great to be outside, I can do whatever I want, without looking at people’s faces or being wronged by them." 
"Octavia, you are not a child, you should not..." 
"Enough, Darren Heath, I don’t want to hear anything about that." Lady Octavia hung up the phone angrily, watching Darren quickly call back, she turned off the phone directly. 
At the height of her anger, a gentle and courteous voice rang out beside her, "Madam, may I sit here with you?" 
Lady Octavia looked up and saw an elegantly dressed, young girl with an excellent temperament standing in front of her. 
The girl looked to be about twenty-four or twenty-five years old. 
Her appearance, like her dress, gave people a sense of elegance and sophistication. 
She was not a traditional beauty, but she was pleasant to look at. 
After looking around and finding other seats available, Lady Octavia was about to ask the girl why she didn’t sit elsewhere when the young woman said softly, "Madam, is it not okay? I prefer the position here. If you think I would disturb you, I apologize." 
Lady Octavia looked at the girl, was silent for a moment, and then smiled, "There’s nothing disturbing about it. Since you like it here, just sit here. I’m a bit bored by myself, and it’s lively with more people." 
"Thank you, Madam." 
The young girl thanked her and sat down next to Lady Octavia. 
She called the waiter, ordered a cup of coffee, and a few dessert dishes. 
After the waiter left, Lady Octavia took a closer look at the young girl sitting next to her. 
Having grown up in a wealthy family, Lady Octavia had seen all kinds of important people, so she quickly realized that the girl was not of ordinary status. 
She looked at her for a while, and asked calmly, "May I know your name, miss?" 
The girl looked unfamiliar. 
Judging by her dress, she didn’t look like a Closia native. 
The young girl raised her head and smiled elegantly, "I’m Diana, what is your last name, Madam?" 
"So you are Miss Kinsman, I am Lady Heath." 
Lady Octavia quickly searched in her mind for the noble generational families of Closia but didn’t find any family with the last name Kinsman. 
She became more certain that the girl was not from Closia. 
"Lady Heath," the young girl smiled, "I just came to Closia, came here for a vacation, and didn’t know what places are worth visiting. As a local, can you recommend some places for me?" 
"Of course I can." 
Lady Octavia had a good impression of the girl, so she became even more friendly to her. 
She enthusiastically recommended some places to visit, and during the conversation, she also inquired about other things related to the girl. 
Through further discussion, she found out that the girl came from a good family, and when she learned that the girl was single, her attitude became even more enthusiastic. 
Originally, Lady Octavia was quite satisfied with Joanna Lawrence’s current identity. 
She had thought about repairing the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship. 
But clearly, Joanna had no plans for that. 
Additionally, Madam Heath had repeatedly chastised her for Joanna’s sake, causing her great humiliation. Lady Octavia now deeply resented Joanna. 
Even though Joanna already had an identity that matched the Heath family’s background, Lady Octavia was still unhappy with her. 
She believed that the reason she and her son were now so estranged was because of Joanna, who must have stirred up trouble and undermined their mother-son relationship.
###Chapter 1559: Chapter 1377: As for the outcome, she cannot control it.
That girl with the last name Rowlett was definitely introduced to Brandon Heath by Joanna Lawrence. 
Thinking about this made Lady Octavia very angry. 
Joanna Lawrence, that little siren, had not only led her son astray but also let her best friend deceive her eldest son. 
Regardless of whether such a wicked woman is the long-lost daughter of the White family, having such a woman around her son might lead to all sorts of problems in the future. 
She couldn’t let her son be ruined by this kind of woman. 
Neither Joanna Lawrence nor Aria Rowlett, these manipulative women, could stay by her sons’ sides. 
* 
Frankfurt. 
After finishing a scene, Joanna Lawrence was about to return to her nanny car to rest when Kelvin Norman stopped her. 
"Joanna, wait a moment." 
Joanna Lawrence stopped and turned to look at him. She took a piece of paper from Nina, wiped the sweat from her forehead, and said: "Mr. Norman, what’s up?" 
"Well," Kelvin nodded, walked up to her and said, "Do you remember the movie audition I mentioned to you last time? They start casting officially tomorrow, I just asked Director White, we don’t have any scenes tomorrow, so I can take you for the audition." 
Joanna thought for a moment, then remembered. 
Kelvin had told her about a movie audition before, it was a big-budget film. 
"Sure, thank you, Mr. Norman." Kelvin not only helped her to fight for a role to audition, but also personally took her to audition. Joanna was grateful.
She felt Kelvin was a very good senior in the industry. 
On set, he would teach her a lot of acting techniques. 
The fact that Joanna could perform well was greatly due to Kelvin’s contribution. 
In her eyes, Kelvin was an excellent mentor and guide, willing to support and bring up newcomers. 
What Joanna didn’t know was that Kelvin wasn’t as kind-hearted as she thought. 
His willingness to help and nurture her was because he admired her as a junior. 
Among the younger generations, the only one who could win his admiration was her. 
"Mr. Norman, is there anything I need to prepare in advance?" Joanna knew that the movie Kelvin introduced was a great opportunity, so she attached great importance to the interview tomorrow. 
Although she felt her chances of passing the audition were very slim. 
Yet, no matter how slim the chances were, she still held a glimmer of hope. 
Regardless, she would give it her all. 
As for the result, it was not within her control. 
Kelvin smiled: "There’s no need for any special preparation. Just maintain your current state. Have a good night’s sleep and give the audition your best spirit. That’s all." 
Joanna nodded: "Okay." 
Kelvin continued, "Quite a few first and second-tier artists will be auditioning this time. Don’t be intimidated. You may not be as famous as them, but directors and producers select roles mainly based on acting skills." 
"As long as your acting skills can surpass theirs, there’s a chance you’ll be chosen." 
"I understand, Mr. Norman. I will give it my all." 
"Right, don’t be too stressed. Of course, it would be the best if you get chosen, but if you don’t, consider it a good practice. You’re still young. You will have plenty more opportunities in the future." 
After saying a few more words, Kelvin left. 
"Here it comes, here it comes. It’s here again." The crew brought several boxes of afternoon coffee on time. Everyone was accustomed to going over and taking their share of coffee from the crew.
###Chapter 1560: Chapter 1378: What if they actually like Joanna Lawrence?
Nina went to get Joanna her favorite strawberry-flavored one. 
"Joanna, who do you think the secret admirer is?" Nina sipped on her Bubble Milk, and couldn’t help but wonder again, "It’s been almost a month, right? Sending so many afternoon teas every day, what is he trying to do?" 
"Maybe he’s trying to win over our entire film crew by doing this, so that when the time comes, everyone who has benefited from him would help him out. This way, his success rate of confessing his feelings would be higher." 
"I think that’s definitely the case. Joanna, what do you think?" 
Joanna Lawrence chewed on a piece of strawberry in her mouth, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. 
She was also very curious about the mysterious person who had been treating the entire film crew to afternoon tea for over a month. 
Actually, not only was she curious, but the entire film crew was curious as well. 
Everyone was guessing who that person was. 
Was it really a secret admirer pursuing someone in the film crew? 
But this person never showed up, and the hotel that sent the afternoon tea kept his identity a secret. 
It was really hard to guess who he was. 
"Whoever he is." Joanna lightly shook the Strawberry Milkshake in her hand and bit on the straw, "I wish he’d confess later so that we could continue to enjoy the afternoon tea for a while." 
"This shop’s Strawberry Milkshake is really quite tasty." 
* 
The next day. 
Linda rushed from Closia to accompany Joanna to the movie audition as soon as she heard about it. 
In the car. 
After learning that Kelvin Norman had arranged the movie casting opportunity for Joanna, Linda couldn’t help but exclaim, "Kelvin is really good to you, even willing to introduce you to audition for such a role. He’s really helping you, his junior." 
"Without his recommendation, you wouldn’t have gotten the chance to audition with your current fame." 
Even A-list celebrities have to audition for roles. 
If you don’t pass the audition, no matter how famous you are, you’ll be eliminated. 
So, today’s audition is definitely a test of an actor’s abilities. 
Some young idols and fresh faces, who rely on their looks, don’t even dare to audition. 
Joanna has acting skills. 
But Linda still thinks her chances of being chosen are slim. 
After all, she’s still a new face. 
In this industry, there is no shortage of seasoned actors with both acting skills and fame. 
"Yes, Kelvin has been very good to me, so I’m grateful he’s giving me this opportunity. Actually, I don’t have much hope for this time. I just take it as a practice. It’s already good to see many superstar seniors." 
"It’s good that you think this way. As you said, it’s already great to participate in the audition, regardless of whether you’re chosen or not. Entering the film industry is not easy. Many TV series celebrities have been wanting to get into the film industry but haven’t succeeded. Especially since you’re a newcomer." Linda was worried about her being too stressed and not performing well on the scene, so she felt more relieved to hear Joanna say this. 
However, she still had some hope for this audition, even though she said it rather casually. 
Maybe a miracle would happen. 
What if they took a liking to Joanna? 
Linda believes that besides her lack of fame, Joanna’s other conditions are excellent. 
With outstanding appearance, good acting skills, and given a chance, she is bound to become popular.
###Chapter 1561: No. 1379 Dare to say it again
If it were not for the issue of fame, Joanna Lawrence might have actually been selected. 
* 
The audition location was at a famous local five-star hotel. 
As Joanna Lawrence and Linda got out of the car and were just about to enter the hotel, they heard a surprised and incredulous voice from behind: "Joanna Lawrence? What are you doing here?" 
Hearing the voice behind her, Joanna also looked surprised. 
She raised her eyebrows, slowly turning around. 
Behind her, Annie Lawrence’s eyes were wide open, staring intently at Joanna as she turned around. 
"It really is you." She stared at Joanna for a few seconds, then her face darkened instantly, and she snapped, "What are you doing here?" 
Joanna looked at her emotionlessly: "What are you doing here?" 
It was surprising for Joanna to meet Annie here of all places. 
Remembering today’s casting, her gaze shifted back to Annie. 
Was Annie here to audition as well? 
"What am I doing here? Of course, I’m here to audition for Director Fanshaw’s role. You couldn’t possibly be here to audition too, could you?" 
Without waiting for Joanna to answer, Annie snorted and said with immense disdain: "What am I saying? How could you possibly be here to audition? Don’t tell me you couldn’t get an audition opportunity, so you came here to try and sneak one in." 
"Joanna, I advise you to give up on the idea. This is not a place for you to be." 
"If someone like you can come here for an audition, why can’t our Joanna?" Linda and Annie had an old grudge, and they glared daggers at each other. Linda sneered at Annie, "At least our Joanna got her role fair and square, unlike some people who have to sell something in return." 
Linda had been in the circle for many years with all kinds of connections. 
So naturally, she knew a lot about what went on within the industry. 
She had long heard about Annie spending time with Mr. Green. 
Since she and Annie had a past enmity, she naturally didn’t mince her words. 
Annie’s face changed instantly, and she glared sharply at Linda: "Linda Tame, what did you say? If you dare, say it again."
"I’ll say it again." Linda laughed coldly, "What, so I’ve wronged you? Everybody in the industry knows about your antics, so stop pretending in front of me." 
"I spared you some embarrassment by not saying it outright. If I had, it would have been really ugly." 
Linda showed no mercy with her words, as if she hadn’t noticed Annie turning pale, and continued with a cold sarcasm: "Some people, if it wasn’t for Galaxy Agency giving them all the best resources, almost entirely to you alone, and vigorously promoting you for years, would you have made it this far?" 
"If those resources were given to newer talents with potential, they would have been red hot long ago. But some people are barely first-line. Now that they left Galaxy Agency, without resources piling on, haven’t they been reduced to their original state?" 
"I’m not being mean, but with your acting skills, coming to audition today is simply courting humiliation. I advise you to give up on the idea early and leave this place. This is not a place for you to be." Linda threw Annie’s previous words back at her. 
Annie had never been afraid of Linda, even when she was still with Galaxy Agency.
###Chapter 1562: Chapter 1380: You Must Not Fall for Her Scheme
Now, Annie had nothing to fear. 
And Linda didn’t leave her any face at all. 
Annie was so angry that the veins were bulging on her forehead: "Linda Tame, shut your mouth!" 
Linda looked at her and laughed coldly: "Aren’t all my words true? Are there some people who don’t know their real worth? I would like to advise those people that taking a shortcut and succeeding once doesn’t mean they will succeed a second or third time." 
"Rather than focusing on improving acting skills and abilities, they think only of seeking shortcuts to the top. Can a position achieved by selling oneself last, and can it be earned peacefully?" 
"Look at your own current situation, doesn’t that make it clear?" 
"Linda Tame, you..." Annie was so angry that the veins popped out on her forehead, her face turned ashen, and she clenched her fists, ready to lash out at Linda. 
She couldn’t stand being spoken to like that by Linda. 
In her heart, Linda was still a Galaxy Agency employee, beneath her. 
Back when Linda was her agent, she never dared to speak to her like that. 
For a moment, she was mad with rage and didn’t care about the consequences. 
"Annie, calm down." 
Annie might have been agitated, but Jessica Foster, who was beside her, wasn’t.
Seeing Annie about to get into a fight with Linda, Jessica became alarmed, and her face changed, hastening to hold Annie back. 
"Jessica, let me go. I’m going to tear her mouth apart." Annie gritted her teeth, staring at Linda, trying to push Jessica away. 
Jessica held her tightly, lowering her voice: "Annie, Linda is deliberately trying to provoke you. If you really fight her, you’ll fall into her trap." 
"She’s just an agent. A fight wouldn’t harm her much. But you’re an actress, your scandals haven’t been cleaned up yet. If someone catches you fighting in public, it will be terrible for your image." 
"And don’t forget, you’re here to audition for a movie role. The audition is about to start, and if you ruin your makeup, what are you going to do? You mustn’t be manipulated by Linda Tame. She wants to ruin your audition to give Joanna Lawrence a chance." 
The more Annie listened, the angrier she got. Gritting her teeth, she said, "That nasty Linda, her schemes are so sinister!" 
"So you mustn’t fall into her trap." Jessica pulled her back further, "Remember, your main reason for being here is the audition. It’s getting late; let’s go. Save any arguments for after the audition. Boss worked hard to get you this opportunity; don’t waste it." 
No matter how furious she was, Annie had to endure it. 
Jessica was right. 
This audition was hard to come by. To get this opportunity, she had to use various means to please Mr. Green for a long time before he agreed to give her the audition. 
Originally, Mr. Green was going to give this audition to another rising star in the company. 
As for fame, that young star was much more famous than her. 
"Let’s go, Annie." Jessica urged her once more. 
Reluctantly, Annie took a few steps with Jessica. 
Before she left, she viciously glared at Linda and threatened, "Linda Tame, I won’t stoop to your level today."
###Chapter 1563: Chapter 1381: The competition is quite intense today
"I’ll give you a taste of your own medicine, just wait and see." 
Linda sneered with a look of disregard, "Alright, I’ll be waiting. I’m always ready for a challenge." 
Today, Linda had no reason to fear someone like Annie Lawrence. 
Even if Annie was backed by Mr. Green, so what? 
One of the artists under her management had a boyfriend who was the President of the Heath Group, after all. 
In front of the President of the Heath Group, Mr. Green was nothing. 
Mr. Green wasn’t even worthy of tying President Ashton’s shoelaces. 
Annie left with a dark face, pulled away by Jessica Foster. 
Linda softly "pfft" in the direction Annie left: "What does she think she is? To get famous, she even dared to curry favor with a perverted old man like Mr. Green. She’s really heartless to herself." 
"Just watch, she’ll regret it sooner or later." 
"She deserves what she got, karma!" 
Joanna glanced silently in the direction Annie had left, "Is Mr. Green really a pervert?" 
"Isn’t he?" Linda’s words carried a hint of Schadenfreude, "Everyone in the circle knows that Mr. Green is a notorious pervert. There have even been female artists who were ruined by him. Annie daring to associate with such a person shows how much she’s willing to risk." 
"Actually, if you think about it, she’s quite pitiful now. She must also be very clear about what kind of person Mr. Green is, but for her career, she has no choice but to take risks. With gains come losses, it’s all her own choice in the end." 
Upon hearing Linda’s words, Joanna remained silent for a few seconds before nodding her head, "You’re right, nobody forced her. Since she chose it herself, there’s nothing to be pitied about. Alright, let’s go." 
"Mhm." 
Just as Joanna and Linda reached an elevator in the hall, Joanna received a call from Kelvin Norman. 
Over the phone, Kelvin asked where she was, saying he had arrived at the hotel. 
When Joanna told him she had already arrived at the hotel, Kelvin asked her to wait and said someone would come down to pick her up. 
* 
A few minutes later, 
The person arranged by Kelvin arrived downstairs, and took Joanna and the others upstairs. 
The audition was on the 28th floor of the hotel. As soon as they stepped out of the elevator, Joanna found that there were far more people auditioning than she had imagined. 
Moreover, there were many first and second-tier artists. 
Most of them were first-tier, followed by second-tier, and hardly any third-tier artists were sighted. 
It’s not that the third-tier artists didn’t want to audition, 
It’s just that such a big production wouldn’t consider them. 
It goes to show how intense the competition was. 
Joanna took a look at those artists who were preparing for the audition, then looked down at herself. 
She suddenly realized that she was the least famous among all the people auditioning today. 
She wasn’t even a D-list celebrity. 
At least Annie was a first-line star. 
For a moment, Joanna felt the pressure. 
Before coming, she already thought her chances were slim. 
After arriving, she felt there was zero hope. 
She thought her only advantage was her relatively good acting skills. 
However, among the artists auditioning today, there were several seasoned female actors who had won Best Actress Awards. And there weren’t just one or two. 
There were three of them who had gotten Best Actress Awards alone. 
Joanna recognized these actresses, and they were indeed very talented and famous in terms of appearance and abilities. 
Seeing so many first and second-tier artists auditioning, even Linda couldn’t help but exclaim, "The competition today is really intense. Joanna, don’t put too much pressure on yourself. Just do your best. If you don’t get the role this time, it’s not a big deal. You can treat it as gaining experience."
###Chapter 1564: Chapter 1382: Really has no self-awareness at all
When Linda said this, she didn’t hold much hope for Joanna anymore. 
It’s too difficult. 
Before coming here, she originally thought that Joanna had a slim chance of being selected. 
But now... 
Even several Best Actress winners have come to audition, so the probability of Joanna being selected is almost zero. 
Linda felt a bit disappointed in her heart. 
This movie is a big-budget production, regardless of the producers, investors, director, or screenwriter... 
Everything is top-notch, aiming at least a one billion dollars box office. 
Even if she couldn’t land Female Lead 1 or Female Lead 2, having Joanna appear for a minute or two in the movie would be pretty good. 
But looking at it now, it seems impossible for her to have a few minutes on screen. 
Linda felt disappointed and regretful in her heart, but she couldn’t show it to Joanna, so she could only say a few words of encouragement and comfort. 
Joanna, of course, was also aware of her slim chances, and she nodded, "Alright, I’ll do my best."
For Joanna, after feeling that there’s no hope left, she felt much more relaxed. 
There’s no such big pressure anymore. 
Now she’s just here to gain some experience. Seeing so many superstars this time, she felt that it’s already a gain. 
Joanna’s appearance caught the attention of many people. 
Seeing a new face, many people began to gossip out of curiosity, "Who is that? I’ve never seen her before." 
"She looks unfamiliar, is she a newcomer? But newcomers shouldn’t be allowed to attend today’s audition." 
"I feel like I’ve seen her before, I think she’s actually a newcomer who has been trending recently." 
"Is she really a newcomer? Then her background must be quite strong, as she can participate in today’s audition." 
"I heard she has a very rich and powerful boyfriend. Her boyfriend knows Mr. Parker and Mr. Luther, how could her background be small?" 
"So, she’s here through connections. But even with connections, it’s useless. Everyone knows that Director Byron notoriously hates nepotism. She may have gotten the audition spot through connections, but whether she succeeds is not up to the connections." 
"Yeah, Director Byron hates nepotism the most. If she doesn’t have any real acting skills, then relying on connections is useless." 
"Let’s just wait and see. People like her really have no self-awareness at all. They think they can just get roles by relying on connections. How ridiculous." 
Annie was also among the crowd auditioning. 
She saw Joanna, hesitated for a moment, and then the corner of her mouth curled up in a mocking and disdainful smirk. 
She slowly walked towards Joanna, "Joanna, I can’t believe you have the nerve to come up here. Can’t you see the worst of the people trying out today are mid-level artists? You’re just a D-list celebrity, don’t you feel restless standing here?" 
"Do you think you have any chance of getting picked?" 
"You really have no self-awareness at all." 
Joanna glanced at her, the corner of her mouth curling up in a faint smile, "If someone like you dares to come, why shouldn’t I? I don’t know how much of a chance I have to be selected, but I know for sure that you have no chance." 
"But it doesn’t matter, having a few more people to fill in the numbers isn’t a bad thing." 
"You!" Annie’s face turned green with anger. 
"Ms. Joanna, please come with me. Your audition is first, and it will begin in five minutes."
###Chapter 1565: Chapter 1383: Has She Gone Crazy?
The man who brought Joanna and Linda up walked over to Joanna and reminded her. 
Annie looked at the man and then at Joanna, her face a bit ugly. She bit her lip and asked, "Who are you, and what gives you the right to put Joanna first for the audition? We’re all here in order, why does she get to cut in line?" 
Annie’s voice was a bit loud. 
So many of the actors waiting in the hallway heard her and looked over. 
Seeing that people were watching, Annie raised her voice even more: "If you’re a staff member here, shouldn’t you explain why Joanna can be the first to audition? Is her blatant nepotism and cutting the line fair to everyone else?" 
Once Annie said this, Jessica’s face turned green. 
She immediately cursed in her heart, "Stupid!" 
Although the others were also displeased with Joanna’s nepotism, everyone thought Annie was extremely foolish for making a scene like this. 
Even if Joanna were a nepotism case, it shouldn’t be said outright. 
Moreover, if that man was really the audition staff, he would have the right to arrange who went first, no matter what. 
Even if they were dissatisfied, the others wouldn’t dare say anything. 
And this Annie... not only did she say it, but she said it right in front of the staff member’s face. 
Had water gotten into her brain? 
Did she not fear that offending the staff would cause problems with her audition? 
But, having such a foolish person take the lead wasn’t bad, as it wouldn’t affect them anyway. 
They were more than happy to watch the drama unfold before them. 
Having one less competitor wasn’t bad for them either. 
Jessica stood behind Annie. After Annie’s words, Jessica’s face turned green, and she quickly reached out and tugged at Annie’s arm. 
Annie frowned and turned her head to see Jessica’s gestures. 
That look seemed to be telling her not to make a scene. 
But Annie couldn’t swallow her anger. 
Ignoring Jessica’s advice, she turned back and stared at the staff member with an indignant face: "Don’t you think you owe us an explanation for this? Allowing her to cut in line so blatantly is way too much." 
Behind her, Jessica’s face turned from green to purple and back again, powerless to stop Annie’s stupidity. 
She knew Annie wasn’t the smartest person around. 
But she hadn’t expected her to be this foolish. 
Jessica now regretted bringing along a talent like Annie. 
She originally thought that, with Annie’s fame and Mr. Green’s enthusiasm for promoting her career, Annie, who had been blocked for a while and finally got a job offer, would cherish the opportunity. 
She thought she could help Annie’s career along. 
But she never expected Annie to be such an idiot, not using her brain at all. 
With such intelligence, she wouldn’t last long in this industry. 
Jessica now deeply regretted her decision. 
She would have been better off nurturing a newcomer than taking on a fool like this. 
Losing work would be the least of her concerns; if they accidentally offended a powerful figure, as an agent, she would be in trouble too. 
The staff member was also stunned for a while, looking at Annie with a bewildered expression. 
He looked at Annie for a few seconds, and then his brow furrowed. He said in a deep voice, "Are you an actor here to audition?" 
Annie still didn’t sense the imminent danger. 
She looked at the staff member with a righteous indignation: "That’s right, I’m here to audition.
###Chapter 1566: Chapter 1384: You Have Been Disqualified from the Audition
So I am very dissatisfied with this kind of blatant favoritism and queue-jumping. I believe not only am I dissatisfied, but everyone present today will feel the same way, right?" 
When Annie Lawrence said this, no one responded to her. 
She’s foolish, but others won’t be foolish with her. 
If Joanna could use this back door, it must be approved by the higher-ups, and it definitely wouldn’t be up to a mere staff member to decide. 
Who would dare to offend the senior executives? 
Annie noticed that not a single person agreed with her or stood with her, and she was taken aback. She suddenly felt a little panicked inside. 
It was only then that she belatedly realized that she seemed to have done something she shouldn’t have. 
But it was too late. 
After her words came out, the staff member’s face darkened completely. 
"Ms. Joanna, please wait a moment." The staff member ignored Annie and turned to Joanna, "I have to deal with something here, and I’ll be right back." 
After that, he turned to Annie and said: "I will report the issue you mentioned to my superiors." 
The staff member left quickly. 
Annie thought that her words had worked and couldn’t help feeling smug. She raised her head triumphantly and looked at Joanna, "I just can’t stand people like you who don’t follow the rules. You think having connections is enough, but you still have to follow the rules." 
And after the staff member left, the others began to discuss. 
"Can this really work?" 
"I thought she was so stupid that she would definitely offend someone. I didn’t expect it to turn out like this."
"But it feels great to see this happen. I can’t stand people who use connections either." 
"Hahaha, it is satisfying. A D-list celebrity wants to be first in line. So many seniors are here, and she has no respect." 
"She thinks she’s invincible with a man, doesn’t even respect her seniors. It’s good that someone teaches her a lesson." 
"Don’t think that Annie is helping everyone uphold justice, she’s just feeling jealous." 
"Oh, how so?" 
"One of Mr. Green’s fan club members. Someone said they saw her and Mr. Green go abroad a few days ago, during the day, on the beach, the two of them... " 
"That’s disgusting? Annie’s ex was the president of Galaxy Agency, right? She could do that to Mr. Green too? My god, I heard Mr. Green has some special preferences. Can she handle it?" 
"For the sake of her career, she has to put up with it even if she can’t." 
"In that case, I think Joanna is much better than her. At least the boyfriend she found is tall, rich, and handsome with an impressive appearance and body, still young, and much better than serving Mr. Green." 
"If you find a tall, rich, and handsome guy, who would be willing to serve someone like Mr. Green?" 
After a few minutes of discussion, they saw the staff member who had left earlier reappear. 
He walked straight up to Annie. 
Seeing him, Annie immediately put on an aggressive expression: "How is it? Did you tell your supervisor? Did they tell you how to handle it?" 
"Yes, I reported it to the supervisor." The staff member smiled and then said unhurriedly, "Miss, the supervisor asked me to inform you that you can leave now." 
"Wh-what?" Annie was stunned, and then dumbfounded, she asked again uncertainly, "What did you say?" 
"Miss, your audition qualification has been revoked. Please leave immediately and do not disturb the auditions of others."
###Chapter 1567: Chapter 1385: Sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose.
Jessica Foster looked as ugly as she ever had. 
The other artists were first taken aback, then thought this was the normal procedure. 
Annie heard it clearly this time. 
She widened her eyes in surprise, and said incredulously after a few seconds, "On what ground do you cancel my audition qualification"? 
"Just because the leader said to cancel you." 
"What leader, which leader, I don’t believe." Annie finally got the audition quota after difficulty, she didn’t want to give up easily. She sullenly said, "You must be taking advantage of the situation, and carrying out personal grudges. I don’t believe it. Call your leader out, I want to ask him in person." 
The staff member’s patience had run out and his expression began to turn cold: "Who do you think you are? Do you think you can see Director Fanshaw whenever you want? Security, take her away immediately. No irrelevant personnel will be allowed here!" 
Immediately, two security guards came forward with unfriendly tones, "Miss, do you want to leave on your own, or do we ’invite’ you out?" 
The word "please" was particularly emphasized. 
Anyone who wasn’t a fool would know that the security guard wasn’t really meaning to "invite" her out. 
Even if Annie was slow to react and not particularly smart, she could understand the true meaning of this word. 
Her face instantly turned ghastly, she bit her lip tightly, and her eyes turned red in the next second. 
With red eyes, she looked pitifully at the staff, where there was no sign of assertiveness: "Sorry, I didn’t mean to do it just now, I didn’t mean to blame you. I just can’t stand Joanna. I didn’t mean to... " 
This opportunity was very important to Annie. 
She didn’t want to lose it. 
It was only when a security guard was called to remove her that Annie truly panicked. 
She was scared she would be removed. 
She was scared she would lose this opportunity. 
Crying was partly an act, but also because she was genuinely afraid. 
However, no matter why she was crying, the staff member remained unmoved, emotionlessly commanding the security guards, "What are you waiting for? Take her out of here now." 
The security guards didn’t dare to delay. 
Seeing Annie didn’t want to go, they were no longer polite with her, they directly went up, one left, one right, holding her: "Miss, please leave." 
They were "asking" her verbally, but regardless of whether Annie was willing or not, the two escorted her towards the elevator. 
Below the public gaze, and surrounded by so many people from the circle watching her being driven away, Annie felt utterly humiliated. She struggled, "Let go of me, let go of me, what are you doing?" 
"What gives you the right to treat me this way, I will sue you!" 
"Let go, did you hear me!" 
Jessica Foster also felt that she had lost face. 
She was both angry and furious. 
That stupid pig Annie, the audition chance that she got after so much difficulty, was just ruined by her stupidity. 
Jessica Foster, why would she want to bring such a stupid woman with her? 
With such IQ and EQ, perhaps Linda’s words were true: all the resources she previously relied on were from David. 
If it was her own abilities, maybe she wouldn’t even make it to the D-list. 
Whispers of discussion crept up around her again. 
Jessica Foster didn’t have the guts to look at anyone else anymore, she turned and slipped away shamefully. 
* 
With Annie leaving, the drama was finally over. 
The staff turned around, with an emotionless face, addressed the others: "Is there anyone else who disagrees, unsatisfied? Speak all at once." 
The other actors: "..." 
Is this even human speech?
###Chapter 1568: Chapter 1386: This Joanna Lawrence, her background is really strong
At that point none of them dared to say anything more. 
But no one among them was as stupid as Annie Lawrence. 
She had almost ruined her audition on her own. 
Truly dumb. 
"Since everyone has no ions, we’ll maintain the original arrangement." After the staff finished speaking, they turned their gaze towards Joanna Lawrence and said more politely, "Ms. Joanna, sorry for the wait. Please follow me." 
Joanna nodded and followed the staff away. 
Watching this, the others couldn’t help but whisper, "This Joanna really has a strong background. Even Director Fanshaw’s assistant treats her so politely. I wonder what her boyfriend’s identity is that gives her such prestige." 
"That man was Director Fanshaw’s assistant?!" 
"Director Fanshaw is well-known for being arrogant, and his assistant is quite cold too. For the assistant to treat her like that, her boyfriend’s identity must be extraordinary." 
"Her boyfriend is indeed amazing, even Mr. Luther calls him ’Brandon.’ Although his precise identity has never been disclosed, just think about it. To hang out with people like Mr. Luther and Mr. Parker, he must have a family background that rivals theirs." 
Considering what you guys said, Joanna might still have a chance at the audition. While Director Fanshaw hates nepotism, if her boyfriend has particularly great influence, the director might not dare to offend him." 
As they were discussing, an official staff member came out and announced: "Ms. Faye Lister, please come in for your audition." 
Faye Lister was one of the actors auditioning today. 
Faye, around thirty years old and not particularly young, had already won two Best Actress Awards. 
Her acting skill is widely acknowledged both inside and outside the industry. 
When Faye was called in, the others were surprised, "Are they auditioning two people together?" 
"Two people auditioning together? The one who went in just now was that new girl, so doesn’t that mean Faye and the new girl are auditioning together? Hahaha, Faye is a Double Best Actress winner. In front of her, the new girl will be turned to ashes." 
"I think Director Fanshaw may have done it on purpose. Because she relies on her connections, he couldn’t outright reject her, so he arranged for her to audition with Faye. In the end, he would have a reason to not choose her." 
"Now that you mention it, that might really be the case." 
*
In the audition hall, 
When she learned that two people would be auditioning together, Joanna kept guessing who would be auditioning with her. 
She was surprised to see Faye Lister entering, a look of astonishment on her face. 
Of course, she knew Faye 
A true seasoned actor, a Double Best Actress winner. 
Joanna had seen many of her TV series and admired Faye’s acting skills. 
Among today’s many talented individuals, she’d never expected to audition with Faye. 
In the panel sat the producers, director, and the screenwriter. 
Seeing Faye come in, the director greeted her, "We arranged a newcomer to be in your group, do you have any ions?" 
Faye smiled, "Director Fanshaw, what ions could I have? You should ask the young lady if she has any ions." 
Faye appeared very approachable, just like the rumors said, a superstar without any airs. 
"Hello, my name is Faye Lister." Faye walked up to Joanna and extended her hand. 
Joanna hurriedly shook her hand and replied, "Ms. Lister, hello. My name is Joanna Lawrence."
###Chapter 1569: Chapter 1387: He Mentioned It to Me Several Times
Faye Lister smirked, "Joanna Lawrence? So it’s you." 
Joanna Lawrence was confused by this statement, blinking her eyes and asking, "Ms. Lister, what do you mean by...?" 
"Kelvin Norman has mentioned you to me before." Faye Lister didn’t hide it, having a very straightforward character, "He brought you up several times, which really piqued my curiosity. Today, I finally get to see you in person; you really do have a spirited charm about you." 
Joanna hesitated and said, "Mr. Norman talked to you about me?" 
"Mhm." 
"So, what did he say?" 
"He was full of praise for you. I hardly see Kelvin praise anyone like this. He said you’re one of the younger generations he admires, that you were born to be an actor, that you have high comprehension and a spirited acting talent; your future is boundless." 
"He also said that if I ever work with you, I should take care of you a little." 
Joanna couldn’t help but blush as she listened to this. 
Had Kelvin really praised her to Faye Lister like that? 
This praise made her a bit embarrassed. 
"Did Mr. Norman really say that?" 
"Of course." Faye Lister laughed lightly, "Otherwise, where would I come up with those words?" 
"By the way, you mustn’t ask Kelvin about this." Faye Lister pulled Joanna closer, whispering affectionately into her ear, "Kelvin has thin skin; if he knew I told you all this, he’d definitely give me trouble." 
"And in the future, he might not tell me anything." 
Joanna couldn’t help but laugh, "Alright, I won’t tell him." 
"You promised me; you must not tell him." Faye Lister said as she continued to poke fun at Kelvin, "Kelvin is quite the tsundere, always reluctant to admit he praises others. But he truly admires you, I’ve rarely seen him praise anyone like that." 
"I believe that whoever Kelvin sees potential in will definitely not be bad. So, be confident later, don’t have any worries, just perform well. Since Kelvin recommended you to be here, he has faith in you, so you must have faith in yourself too." 
"Did you understand what I’ve just said?" 
Joanna was a little surprised. 
Had she been displaying a lack of confidence? 
Faye Lister could see it. 
However, Faye Lister’s words were a great help to her. The moment Joanna saw Faye Lister entering, she was indeed a little nervous. 
And not confident enough. 
Faye Lister’s words relieved much of her psychological pressure. 
She had never thought that Kelvin would rate her so highly. 
Joanna thought, since Kelvin helped her get this far, whether or not she got chosen, she had to give her best during today’s audition. 
"Ms. Lister, thank you." Joanna said wholeheartedly, "Thank you for telling me all of this; I will do my best." 
"You’re welcome." Faye Lister smiled, "Kelvin and I have been old friends for many years, I like the younger generations he appreciates. I truly hope you get selected; in any case, good luck." 
Faye Lister made an encouraging gesture for her. 
"Alright, this audition hall has turned into your friend-making place." The director, who was also acquainted with Faye Lister, spoke in a casual manner, "You can catch up privately later; let’s start the official audition now. Faye Lister, it’s not your first time auditioning, so I don’t need to say anything more to you." 
"Maxwell, explain the rules to the newcomers."
###Chapter 1570: Chapter 1388: Good Looks, Acting Skills, and Resources
The man who came out to pick up Joanna Lawrence earlier was the director’s assistant, Maxwell. 
Maxwell walked over and handed Joanna a stack of papers: "Take one from here and act according to the script written on it. The performance should last five minutes." 
Joanna took a look at the stack of papers and casually chose one. 
She lowered her head and saw a scene written on the paper. 
It was a grieving scene where the female protagonist had to display her sorrow after losing her loved ones. 
Five minutes of performance - not much time. 
There’s not even enough time for her to get into the mood. 
Joanna quickly memorized the lines, and heard the director ask, "Are you ready?" 
"Yes, Director, I’m ready." 
Joanna felt she was quite lucky today. 
The draw was a crying scene - which happened to be her strong suit. 
For others, shedding tears in a second might be challenging. 
But for her, it was definitely not a problem. 
Even Gary White once said that her most infectious performance was her crying scenes. 
So, for Joanna, acting out a crying scene was her specialty. 
"Good, let’s get started." Said the director. 
Faye Lister moved aside. 
Joanna stood in the center of the audition hall, and the moment the director said "Start", she took a deep breath, closed her eyes for a bit, and when she opened her eyes again, tears immediately rolled down her cheeks. 
Her facial expressions changed instantly. 
Within a few seconds, her eyes brimming with tears showed a mix of despair, pain, and on-the-verge-of-collapse emotions. 
Her whole body suddenly went limp and collapsed on the floor. 
"Why, why, God, why are you so cruel?" Joanna, no, it should be the female protagonist in the series, Yvonne White, howled in pain, "Why did you take away everyone I care the most about one by one? Why are you so cruel to me?" 
"Father, Mother, Phillip, why didn’t you take Yvonne with you? Yvonne is in so much pain. Yvonne doesn’t want to stay in this world alone and endure the grief. Without you, what’s the point of me living in this world?" 
"Why didn’t you take me with you? Why...?" 
Tears rolled down her cheeks one after another, soaking her entire face. 
When she raised her head again, her face was void of color, pale and trembling. The extreme sorrow in her expression was immensely infectious, making people’s hearts clench together. 
One could truly feel her pain. 
Upon witnessing this scene, the director and the screenwriter exchanged glances, their eyes filled with admiration. 
Even Faye Lister, standing aside, nodded and thought to herself that Kelvin Norman certainly had good taste. 
This girl indeed had an impressive and infectious performance. 
It was hard to tell that she was a newcomer. 
Her acting skills were even better than many so-called veterans. 
As Kelvin Norman had said, this girl was definitely destined for success. 
With looks, acting skills, and resources. 
It would be hard for her not to succeed. 
Both Faye Lister and Kelvin Norman were known for mentoring younger generations. 
Of course, only those they appreciated. 
If they encountered someone they thought had potential, they would give a helping hand when possible. 
Because they, too, had once been newcomers and had met seniors who were willing to mentor them. 
After finishing the last line, Yvonne wiped away the tears from her face and picked up a sword, trembling, from the ground beside her.
###Chapter 1571: Chapter 1389: Go Back and Wait for the Notice
Of course, Joanna Lawrence performed without props. 
So the sword she picked up from the ground was just air. 
This was a part that truly tested an actor’s skill. 
If not performed well, it could be quite embarrassing.
However, Joanna’s performance was so natural that even though she held nothing in her hands, it gave the impression she was wielding a sword. 
"Father, Mother, Phillip, I don’t want to be left alone in this world. Please forgive my cowardice. I miss you all and I am coming to join you. Dad, Mother, Phillip, here I come." 
The invisible sword pierced her heart. 
In an instant, Joanna’s face turned visibly pale. 
As if a real sword had pierced her heart. 
Keeping her sword-piercing stance, she slowly moved her body. Even though her face turned pallid, a blissful and satisfied smile appeared at the corner of her mouth: "Dad, Mother, Phillip ...I will be reunited with you soon." 
"Soon....very soon...." 
Finally, when Joanna’s head tilted to the side, her eyes closed, and she stopped breathing, the performance came to an end. 
When she finished her performance, the room was silent. 
No one spoke. 
As a result, Joanna maintained her "dead" posture for more than ten seconds. 
"Alright, the performance is over," the director was the first to react. He looked at Joanna, who was still lying motionless on the ground, and nodded in satisfaction. 
This newcomer recommended by Kelvin Norman was indeed promising. 
Her acting skills were much better than he had anticipated. 
Initially, he had doubts due to her striking beauty and did not have great expectations. 
Typically, in this industry, the ones with extreme beauty often lacked in acting prowess. 
Because of their stunning looks, they achieve things more easily. 
Such actors tend not to work hard or take their profession seriously. 
Perhaps because he didn’t have high expectations, Joanna’s performance pleasantly surprised the director. 
Especially that final part. 
Without makeup, her face turned as pale as if she had genuinely lost too much blood. 
After hearing the director’s voice, Joanna finally opened her eyes and slowly got up from the ground. 
She lifted her head to look at the director, trying to gauge whether he was satisfied with her performance from his facial expression. 
However, the expression on the director’s face didn’t change at all. 
Joanna couldn’t tell if he was satisfied or not. 
"Just wait to hear from us," the director didn’t say anything else but this official statement. 
Joanna’s heart sank, and she instantly felt hopeless. 
Despite not having high expectations initially, she felt a shred of disappointment and sadness at this moment. 
But she had done her best. 
She could only hope that Kelvin Norman would not be disappointed in her. 
As for her performance in that scene, Joanna was satisfied with it. 
"Alright, Director. Thank you for giving me this opportunity," Joanna felt a little sad momentarily but soon came to terms with it. 
She thought it was fine not to be shortlisted. 
The competition was tough, and there were many capable actors. 
If she was selected, it would be a surprise. 
If she wasn’t, it was only normal. 
Once realization set in, Joanna felt enlightened, and her mood relaxed considerably.
###Chapter 1572: Chapter 1390: It Seems You Really Appreciate this Newcomer
"Faye." Before leaving, she waved at Faye Lister, "Hope to see you again in the future. Thank you for the encouragement earlier on." 
"Sure, see you later." Faye smiled in response. 
A moment later. 
Joanna Lawrence left. 
Faye looked puzzled at the director: "Director Fanshaw, I think her performance was quite good. Is there something you’re not satisfied with?" 
Her performance just now couldn’t be said to be perfect. 
However, for a newcomer, it was indeed quite impressive. 
Faye felt that if the director decided not to use her solely due to her lack of fame, it would be a shame. 
She, like Kelvin Norman, treasured talents and couldn’t bear to see Joanna simply passed over. 
"Her performance was indeed not bad." The director nodded in agreement. 
Faye couldn’t understand even more: "Then why..." 
"I didn’t say I wouldn’t use her." The director looked at Faye and smiled, "What’s the matter? You’ve met this newcomer for the first time, and you’re taking her to heart like this? Is it because of Kelvin Norman, or another reason?" 
"It has a little to do with Kelvin Norman, but not much." 
Faye also smiled and told the truth openly, "I actually quite appreciate this newcomer. Director Fanshaw, as longtime acquaintances, please be straightforward with me, whether you’ll use her or not. To be honest, her acting skills are quite good, and she’s quite attractive. Although she lacks fame, even with all newcomers in your movie, I believe it will still be a hit." 
Faye spoke with a smile, "What do you think, Director Fanshaw?" 
"Hahaha!" 
Director Fanshaw laughed out loud, "Faye, it seems that you really appreciate this newcomer. In order to get me to use her, you’re even flattering me now. This isn’t like your usual style." 
"Director Fanshaw, I’m not flattering, I’m being honest. It’s just a suggestion, and ultimately the decision is still in your hands." 
"Don’t worry." 
Director Fanshaw said, "If she’s a talent with potential, I won’t let her get buried." 
"With your assurance, Director Fanshaw, I’ll feel at ease. So, is it time for my audition now? I..." 
"Come on, it’s not the first time we’ve worked together. There’s no need for you to audition." Director Fanshaw waved his hand, "As long as the procedure is followed, just wait for the signing agreement." 
Faye didn’t say anything more, nodding and then turning to leave. 
No one else had any ions. 
Everyone was well aware of Faye’s acting skills, and it wasn’t the first time they’d worked together. 
Some casting choices had been determined long ago. 
For those like Faye, it was merely a formality. 
After Faye left. 
The director didn’t immediately let the next group of auditioning actors come in. 
He turned to the screenwriter and producer and asked, "What do you think of the newcomer just now?" 
"Her crying scene was excellent, very emotional, and it’s clear that she genuinely loves acting and isn’t just playing around. You’re asking for my opinion? I think she can be used." The Acclaimed Screenwriter had many successful movies under his belt from his scripts. 
So with regard to keeping or letting go of actors, he also had a say. 
"Hmm, I think she can be used too," said the producer. "According to Kelvin Norman, she’s Gary White’s cousin. I’d definitely want to take care of Gary White’s sister." 
The director nodded, "Since you both think she can be used, then let’s leave a role for her." 
The screenwriter smiled, "Director Fanshaw, I think you had already decided even before asking us, right?"
###Chapter 1573: Chapter 1391: The Singer Immediately Came to My Mind
"Even if we say it’s not good, you would still insist on using her." 
The three of them had a famous iron triangle relationship in the circle. 
They were work partners, and also friends. 
Having collaborated on multiple works and known each other for many years, they had some understanding of each other’s habits. 
The director noncommittally shrugged his shoulders: "Is it so obvious that I’m partial to her?" 
"It’s not that you’re being too obvious, but that the newcomer’s performance was just too good." The screenwriter thought about the performance they just watched and immediately arranged a role for Joanna Lawrence. "I think the role of the singer would suit her perfectly. She has stunning beauty, outstanding talent, pride and loneliness, and although she is a beautiful woman who can cause the downfall of a city, she ultimately meets a tragic end." 
"Her performance just now made me think of the singer right away." 
"The singer?" The director pondered for a moment. 
This movie was a large-scale martial arts drama, and the singer was Female Lead 2, a tragic character in the story. 
Even though the singer wasn’t Female Lead 1, she played an important role in the entire movie. 
She had many scenes. 
Moreover, compared to the well-bred lady character of Female Lead 1, the role of the singer had more potential for development and challenge. 
If well-portrayed, it could lead to overnight fame. 
If not well-executed, the impact on the entire TV series cannot be overlooked. 
Originally, the director hadn’t considered giving such an important role to a newcomer. 
Although the newcomer’s performance was indeed good, he thought she should be given a chance to stay. 
However, this movie had a huge investment. 
Under normal circumstances, newcomers were rarely used, and even if used, they were not allowed to play important roles. 
The director was thinking that Joanna may just have a small role with a few minutes of screen time, such as the personal maid of Female Lead 1. 
Who would have thought that the screenwriter would suggest giving Joanna the role of the singer? 
The director knew how picky the screenwriter could be; since she wrote the script, she was even more cautious when selecting the actors. 
If she was willing to give Female Lead 2 to the newcomer, it meant that she was genuinely satisfied with her. 
The screenwriter had a major influence on the decision-making regarding the casting and character assignments. 
The director didn’t voice his opinion after considering for a moment and instead asked the producer for his thoughts: "Logan, what do you think?" 
"I have no ions." The producer raised his hands and chuckled, "I think the young girl is quite good too. She’s got both looks and acting skills. Apart from the lack of fame, she’s no worse than those established actors." 
"You have used newcomers to play important roles before, don’t be afraid. I think this young girl will definitely bring us a lot of surprises." 
Since the producer didn’t , the director couldn’t either. 
After thinking it through, he nodded, "One of you invests money, the other provides the story. If you both don’t have any concerns, what do I have to worry about? Fine, let’s give her the role of the singer. I hope she performs well and doesn’t disappoint us." 
With that, the decision was made. 
* 
Meanwhile... 
Joanna Lawrence was convinced that she had failed the audition. 
Once she had accepted this, she didn’t feel too upset. 
However, Linda, who was worried that Joanna would be sad, tried to comfort her after they left the hotel: "Joanna, not being selected today doesn’t mean anything. It’s already great that you could attend an audition like this. It’s like getting a movie nomination; very few people win the award the first time they are nominated. But the nomination itself is a recognition, isn’t it?"
###Chapter 1574: Chapter 1392: Joanna, you must help me!
"Kelvin Norman recommending you for this audition is already a recognition of your own strength. If your performance was terrible and he thought you were awful, would he recommend you to come here? You’re still young, there will be plenty of opportunities in the future." 
"I think it’s already great to establish a foothold in the TV series circle at the moment." 
"As for the film industry, it would be great if someone could introduce you to the circle. There’s no need to worry if you can’t get in. Just look at how many people want to get into that circle, and how few actually succeed." 
Listening to Linda’s consolation, Joanna Lawrence couldn’t help but smile, "Linda, you don’t need to worry about me. I’m not sad about it right now." 
"There were so many seniors at today’s audition, and they are all outstanding. Compared to them, I really have no advantage. It was expected that I wouldn’t be chosen." 
Linda looked at her, "You’re not upset?" 
"I was at first, but I quickly saw the light." Joanna Lawrence told the truth, "I’m sure there would be some sense of loss for not being chosen. But once I thought about my current strength, I could calmly accept the result." 
"It’s best that you think like that." Linda looked at her again and saw that her mood was genuinely not bad, so she didn’t say anything more, "Once your TV series comes out and accumulates real popularity and fans, your status will gradually rise. There’s never been a TV series produced by Gary White that hasn’t been popular. Even if you don’t become famous overnight with this series, it’s no problem to become a little popular." 
"By then, we’ll sign you up for some advertisements and variety shows while you’re still hot. It’s not impossible to become a first-line celebrity within this year." 
Linda wasn’t worried about Joanna Lawrence’s career path at all. 
With the backing of the President of the Heath Group, could she not become popular? 
Even Annie Lawrence, who didn’t have much talent, was promoted as a first-line celebrity by David Benington. 
There’s no reason why Joanna Lawrence couldn’t do better than Annie Lawrence. 
Linda had already planned out Joanna Lawrence’s development path for this year, as variety shows are very popular now, especially reality TV shows. 
Even some female artists without any works became mid-level celebrities after appearing on a few variety shows. 
So now, major entertainment companies want their artists to appear on some high-rated variety shows to maintain and enhance their popularity.
Linda’s plan was to have Joanna Lawrence participate in variety shows after she finished shooting her TV series. 
After all, even though Joanna Lawrence hasn’t been heavily criticized online, her overall reputation still isn’t very good. 
By appearing on variety shows, she could gain fans and change the negative impression netizens have of her. 
Of course, all of these arrangements will come later. 
If Joanna Lawrence becomes popular through this TV series, Linda wouldn’t need to worry about many things, since various good resources would automatically and continuously come knocking on her door. 
Joanna Lawrence had no ions to Linda’s plans. 
After signing with an agent, the only thing she needed to do well was to act. 
As for the rest, professional people would take care of it, and she didn’t need to worry too much. 
* 
At the Rowlett family residence. 
Aria Rowlett went to the police station. 
As soon as Issac Rowlett saw her, he burst into tears and cried out, grabbing her hand, "Aria, you have to help me. I don’t want to stay in here, please help me, let me out." 
Aria Rowlett looked emotionlessly at Issac Rowlett sitting across from her.
###Chapter 1575: Chapter 1393: Maybe you still have a glimmer of hope to get out.
Issac Rowlett looked haggard with a pale complexion, the dark circles under his eyes clearly visible. 
It was obvious that he had not been sleeping well for the past few days.
No surprise, given the kind of place he was in, it would be strange if he could sleep soundly. 
Despite everything, he was her own brother, and the two of them were close growing up. 
Aria Rowlett wasn’t unaffected seeing Issac in such a state. 
However, even though she felt sorry for him, she believed that he deserved it. 
"If you didn’t want to end up in here, why didn’t you think about it when you took other people’s money?" 
"Joanna, I, I was wrong," Isaac tightly held Aria’s hand, sobbing uncontrollably. "I’ve realized my mistake now, and I will never dare to do it again. Please, save me Joanna, I am your own brother." 
"You couldn’t bear to see me locked up here, right?" 
Aria didn’t show any emotion, merely applying a bit of force to pull her hand out of Issac’s grip. 
Isaac paused, then looked at her anxiously: "Joanna." 
"Isaac, you’re not a three-year-old child anymore, people have to face the consequences of their actions." 
"You should know that what you owe is not merely twenty thousand. Do you think I can come up with ten million dollars to pay off your debt?" 
"Joanna..." 
"I didn’t come here today to bring you back home. I can’t. If you want to get out of here, you’d better tell me everything about the cause and effect of this incident, without omitting a single word. Perhaps then, you might have a sliver of hope." 
Aria was really upset about Isaac’s situation. 
Yet, after calming down, she found it quite suspicious. 
Casinos often lure people into gambling. 
Yet, they usually investigate the gambler’s financial situation to ensure they can repay, before lending them money. 
The person who lent Issac ten million dollars must have surely investigated the Rowlett family’s situation. 
If they still lent money to Isaac knowing the family’s condition, that is unusual. 
Issac, spoiled since childhood, had never been locked up like this before. 
Upon hearing there’s hope he could get out, he immediately told Aria every detail of the incident. 
Afterwards, with tears in his eyes, he tugged on Aria’s sleeve, "Joanna, I’ve told you everything. I promise that every word I said is true. He said he could guarantee I would win. I thought If I could win money, I could improve our family’s living conditions." 
"I could buy us a bigger house, a better car, you wouldn’t need to worry about me anymore." 
"Joanna, I really didn’t expect that I would..." 
"That’s enough," Aria cut him off, frowning slightly, "Everyone who goes to gamble thinks they’ll win, but never considers the possibility of losing. Haven’t you learned anything from your past losses?" 
"Don’t say you did this for the Rowlett family’s sake. Your greed led you into a trap." 
"Even if it was a scam, you fell for it because you were tempted." 
Seeing Issac crying so hard, Aria sighed inwardly. 
Actually, Issac wasn’t inherently bad. 
He was a well-behaved and sensible kid years ago. 
The reason he became like this was because Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett spoiled him. 
When Aria was living at home, she would discipline Isaac, and he was willing to listen to her. His actions weren’t too off track then.
###Chapter 1576: Chapter 1394: In this lifetime, don’t even think about living with your head held high!
Later, when Aria Rowlett went to attend senior high school in the city and lived on campus, Issac Rowlett had no one to check on him as he spent less and less time with his sister. 
Combined with the doting and indulgence of Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett, Issac completely let himself go, falling into the company of ne’er-do-wells. 
Yet now, Issac was still willing to listen to Aria. 
In his eyes, his sister, Aria, was kinder to him than his parents. 
Issac never cried in front of their parents, but in front of Aria, he burst into tears, "Joanna, I know only you truly care about me. I was wrong, I really do realize that. If I can get out this time, I’ll never make the same mistake again." 
"Joanna, how great it would have been if you had stayed home all those years. I certainly wouldn’t have ended up like this." 
"I hate Dad, I hate Mom. Is it their fault I ended up like this?" 
Aria was silent. 
If she hadn’t gone to the city for school and had studied at their hometown’s high school instead, perhaps things would really have turned out differently. 
However, the world is not full of "perhaps" and "what ifs". 
* 
Leaving the police station. 
Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett were waiting outside, and as soon as they saw Aria, they immediately rushed over to her. 
Mrs. Rowlett was the most agitated. She grabbed Aria’s hand and anxiously asked, "How did it go? What did you talk about with Issac?"
Aria looked at her calmly: "Mom, for now I can’t get Issac out." 
Mrs. Rowlett instantly became anxious when she heard this: "What are you saying? Do you want to keep Issac inside? He’s never suffered anything like this at home. He’s already been there so many days; he’s lost weight and looks haggard." 
"If he stays there any longer, his body will definitely give out." 
Aria bit her lip, "I’m not the one who wants to keep him there, it’s that I can’t get him out. I just visited Issac, he’s lost a little weight but he looks good in spirit. You don’t have to worry so much, he’s not as fragile as you think." 
"Aria Rowlett, are those the words of a human?" Mrs. Rowlett raised her hand in anger, "He is your own brother, and you can say something so inhuman." 
"What are you doing? Don’t be impulsive!" 
Mr. Rowlett immediately grabbed her hand: "We’re in public, control your temper." 
"Besides, Aria didn’t say she wasn’t going to deal with Issac." 
"Hasn’t she? That’s her intention to not take care of Issac!" 
Mrs. Rowlett’s face was ashen, she gritted her teeth and said, "Issac is my only son. If anything happens to him, I will die. When that time comes, I will die in front of you, Aria Rowlett, and let everyone know you’re undutiful and caused your own mother to die!" 
"You will never be able to hold your head high again in this life!" 
With her gritted teeth and hatred-filled expression, Mrs. Rowlett appeared as if Aria was not her own daughter, but her sworn enemy. 
Upon hearing this, Aria’s expression remained calm, she walked directly past Mrs. Rowlett. 
This just made Mrs. Rowlett even angrier. 
Mrs. Rowlett wanted to rush over and continue berating her, but Mr. Rowlett held her back. 
"Why are you holding me back! You see, I knew we shouldn’t have given birth to such a disobedient and undutiful daughter. I swear, if anything happens to Issac, I will never forgive her."
###Chapter 1577: Chapter 1395: What kind of wind is this blowing?
"Alvin is now the only hope for our family. Do you really want to drive her away? Then there will be no one who can save Issac." 
"But you saw her attitude just now. Do you think she’ll save Issac?" 
"If she weren’t willing to save him, she would have left already." Mr. Rowlett was more rational and analyzed the pros and cons for his wife. "You don’t understand your own daughter? She’s always been soft-hearted with a sharp tongue. She and Issac have had a good relationship since they were young. There’s no way she wouldn’t save him." 
Mrs. Rowlett listened for a moment, and her expression gradually softened, but she still said with a tight face, "What if she doesn’t save him? Ten million dollars is not a small sum. Even if she really has that much money, it doesn’t mean she’ll use all of it to pay off Issac’s debt." 
Mr. Rowlett frowned and was about to speak when Mrs. Rowlett’s cell phone rang. 
Mrs. Rowlett took out her phone and saw it was an unknown number. 
After thinking for a moment, she answered it. 
A minute later, Mrs. Rowlett’s face changed and she clenched her phone. Then, a hint of joy appeared in her eyes. 
* 
After leaving the police station, Aria Rowlett kept thinking about what Issac had told her. 
It was obvious that Issac had been set up by someone. 
But the person who set him up didn’t seem to be after money. 
Instead, they wanted Issac to be in debt and then sent him to the police station. 
But who had such a big grudge against the Rowlett family to set up such a trap for Issac? 
Moreover, the person setting up this trap was not even on the same level as the Rowlett family. 
Being able to come up with ten million dollars to set up a trap was not something an ordinary family could do. 
Aria thought for a while, her brows furrowing, and suddenly thought of someone. 
Issac liked to hang out outside, but he hadn’t made any big mistakes in these years, and the Rowlett family had no grievances with anyone. 
If she had to say who the Rowlett family had offended, she had offended one person. 
After that negotiation, she refused Lady Octavia’s check, and she could tell that Lady Octavia was very angry. 
But later, Lady Octavia never looked for her again. 
She had always felt uneasy, thinking that Lady Octavia wouldn’t let the matter rest so easily. 
And Issac’s situation this time was very abnormal. If it was orchestrated by Lady Octavia, it wouldn’t be surprising. 
After failing in the negotiation with her, Lady Octavia targeted her family. 
This was in line with the common tactics of wealthy families to "use force to break up a loving couple." 
If this matter was arranged by Lady Octavia, getting Issac out would not be that easy. 
It wasn’t just about whether to pay back the money or not. 
At this thought, anger rose in Aria’s chest, and she clenched her fists, taking out her phone to dial a number. 
The dialed number was the one Lady Octavia had called her from at the time. 
She didn’t know if it was the number Lady Octavia used. After the call went through, she waited for a while before the other side answered.
"Hello." 
A woman’s voice came through the phone. 
Aria clenched her teeth, and her fists tightened again, "Lady Octavia, this is Aria Rowlett." 
It was Lady Octavia’s voice on the phone. 
"Ms. Aria?" Lady Octavia hesitated for a few seconds, chuckled, and said, "What brings you to call me? What can I do for you, Ms. Aria?" 
Aria didn’t want to beat around the bush and asked coldly, "Did you set up my brother’s situation?" 
"Ms. Aria’s brother?" Lady Octavia asked in a doubtful tone. "I don’t quite understand what Ms. Aria is talking about."
###Chapter 1578: Chapter 1396: Besides Lady Octavia, She Couldn’t Think of Anyone Else
Aria Rowlett took a deep breath: "Lady Octavia, if you want me to leave your son by hurting my family, I want to tell you that you’ve miscalculated. My relationship with my family isn’t good." 
"If you set up a trap and arrested my brother, it has no effect on me. I think you must have investigated my family beforehand, so you should know what kind of person my brother is. If you put him in jail, I think it’s good. Keeping him locked up for a few years might change him for the better." 
"Haha, Ms. Aria," Lady Octavia laughed and said, "Ms. Aria has quite an imagination. Are you thinking too highly of yourself? I was worried that you might affect Brandon’s career before, so I met with you." 
"But then I thought, what do I have to worry about? Brandon’s interest in you is just a passing novelty. Once that’s gone, he’ll naturally lose interest in you. There’s no need for me to waste my time on you." 
"So you’re saying your brother’s in trouble?" Lady Octavia chuckled, "That brother of yours is really a burden to your family, huh. You’re not wrong, maybe he’ll be better after being locked up for a few years." 
Aria’s face darkened, and she hung up the phone with a "click." 
Lady Octavia said she hadn’t done it. 
But Aria didn’t believe it. 
She couldn’t think of anyone else other than Lady Octavia. 
But if Lady Octavia did this, her goal must be to break her up with Brandon Heath. 
But just now on the phone, Lady Octavia didn’t say anything about it. 
This made Aria feel that maybe it wasn’t Lady Octavia who did this. 
As Aria was worrying about this, she heard footsteps behind her. 
Mrs. Rowlett and Mr. Rowlett came out. 
Mrs. Rowlett’s face was no longer cold as before, and her eyes even had a hint of a smile, as if she had encountered some good news. 
When she spoke to Aria again, her tone was much softer: "Alvin, I was wrong just now. Mom shouldn’t have been angry with you and scolded you. Can you forgive me? I was just too worried about your brother." 
Aria was taken aback and looked at her in surprise. 
This should be the gentlest attitude Mrs. Rowlett has had towards her these past few days. 
It’s just that Aria had no idea what was going on with Mrs. Rowlett. 
She had just been furious with her. 
"Alvin, are you hungry? Mom will cook for you when we get home. I’ll make your favorite dishes." Mrs. Rowlett saw Aria staring at her without saying a word and hesitated before reaching out to hold one of Aria’s hands. 
Aria immediately pulled her hand away. 
She saw Mrs. Rowlett’s face stiffen for a moment. 
Aria took a step back, her face still expressionless: "I’m not hungry, don’t bother." 
Mrs. Rowlett’s face stiffened again for a few seconds, her heart filled with hatred, but she smiled: "It’s no trouble to cook for my daughter. I remember you loved my Kapusniak when you were little. When we get home, I’ll go to the market to buy some fish and cook it for you." 
Mrs. Rowlett’s attitude changed too quickly and was overly enthusiastic. 
Aria grew suspicious and stared at Mrs. Rowlett. 
"Why are you staring at me, child? Don’t you recognize me?" Mrs. Rowlett felt a little guilty under Aria’s gaze, her eyes flickering. 
"Nothing." Aria retracted her gaze, hooked her lips, and sneered, "Mom, did you forget something?"
###Chapter 1579: Chapter 1397 Forget it, I don’t care anymore
"What?" 
"The one who likes Kapusniak is Issac Rowlett, not me. I have never liked this dish." 
After saying this, Aria Rowlett went to a parked black sedan by the roadside, reached out to open the car door, and got in. 
Mrs. Rowlett stood in place, her face alternately pale and flushed. 
Did Issac Rowlett like Kapusniak? 
But why did she always remember it as Aria Rowlett? 
* 
Upon returning home, Aria Rowlett entered her bedroom. 
She lay on her small bed, closed her eyes, and thought about a lot of things. 
At first, she decided not to care about Issac Rowlett. 
After all, everything that happened to Issac Rowlett was his own doing. 
However, after seeing Issac Rowlett, she found that she couldn’t harden her heart and really not care about him. 
She recalled many things from her childhood. 
At that time, Issac Rowlett was really well-behaved and obedient, always following her like a shadow, calling her "Joanna" with every single breath. 
Just like how he previously held her hand in the police station, crying and calling her Joanna, crying and begging her to save him. 
In that moment, Aria Rowlett’s heart softened. 
However, if it were only a debt of ten million dollars, she would still have a way to repay it. 
But if it involved Lady Octavia’s means, even if she were willing to help Issac Rowlett repay the debt, it would surely be impossible. 
Aria Rowlett thought about it over and over, and she felt that this matter could only be resolved by telling Brandon Heath. 
She couldn’t deal with Lady Octavia. 
But Brandon would surely have a way to get Issac Rowlett out. 
Aria Rowlett hesitated for a long time, and she still hadn’t decided whether or not to call Brandon when her bedroom door was knocked. 
Mr. Rowlett spoke from outside: "Alvin, are you asleep?" 
Aria Rowlett was silent for a few seconds, turned over and got out of bed, walked to the door, and opened it. 
"Alvin, your mom made dinner; come down and eat." Mr. Rowlett said, and seeing Aria Rowlett standing at the door without moving, he sighed softly and pleaded, "Are you still mad at your mom? I’ve already talked to her, and she knows that she was wrong." 
"She’s just too worried about your brother. What she said might be harsh, but it was all spoken out of desperation..." 
"Dad, do you think those words were merely harsh?" Aria Rowlett laughed, but there was no laughter in her eyes. 
Mr. Rowlett was taken aback.
"Forget it, I don’t care anymore." Aria Rowlett laughed again, self-mockingly curling her lips and saying, "I will try to save Issac. But remember, if something like this happens again, you two had better not call me." 
Only after a few seconds did Mr. Rowlett react, his eyes revealing a look of joy: "Alvin, can you save your brother?" 
"I don’t know, I’ll do my best." 
If Lady Octavia had set a trap to hook Issac Rowlett, then she also had some responsibility in this matter. 
"Alright, alright, do your best." Aria Rowlett finally agreed to help, and Mr. Rowlett naturally complied with her wishes. "Put your brother’s matter aside for now; go downstairs quickly and eat something so you don’t starve." 
Listening to Mr. Rowlett’s concerned words, Aria Rowlett didn’t feel warm in her heart. 
She didn’t feel any so-called family affection. 
Because she was very clear that all this concern from both Mr. Rowlett and Mrs. Rowlett was for Issac Rowlett. 
Everything was for Issac Rowlett. 
* 
A Luxe Lounge. 
Smoke and laughter filled a private room. 
A few rotund men each had a beauty in their arms, some enjoying the food fed to their mouths by the beauties, others enjoying the wine fed to their lips.
###Chapter 1580: Chapter 1398: What do you know about being the same? You don’t understand.
"Mr. Green, come have a drink." 
A sensually dressed woman seductively looked at Mr. Green and fed him a glass of red wine, trying to get him to drink with her sweet voice. 
On normal days, Mr. Green would have already had his hands all over the woman in his arms. 
But tonight, he seemed to have lost interest in everything, not even sparing a glance at the woman in his arms. 
He pushed away the red wine the woman tried to feed him, frowned, and pushed her away as well. 
The woman was stunned and looked at him with surprise and confusion when she was pushed away. 
"Mr. Green, what’s wrong with you?" After a few seconds, the woman tried to approach him with a seductive smile again, pretending to feed him wine. 
Mr. Green waved his hand impatiently at her, "Get lost, don’t bother me." 
"Oh, Mr. Green." 
A man sitting on the couch opposite looked up, his face full of curiosity as he teased, "What’s up with you today? You’re not even interested in beauties. This is the first time I’ve seen this." 
"Could it be because of that beauty you’ve recently acquired that other women have all become unbearable to you?" 
"Mr. Green has recently acquired a beauty? Who is she? How come I don’t know about her?" 
"You know her, she’s a female celebrity. She used to be the girlfriend of the young master of Benington Group." 
"That woman? She’s nothing special, and her looks are just average. How could she have our Mr. Green so infatuated?" 
"You don’t get it. It’s not necessarily about her looks. For men, as long as a woman looks decent, aren’t they all the same when you turn off the lights? The most important thing is...hahaha, you know what I mean." 
This suggestive remark made everyone laugh heartily. 
Mr. Green, who was being teased, remained silent the whole time. 
In the past, he thought all women were the same – as long as they looked nice, they were all the same in the dark. 
But now... 
He thought of her exquisite face and that enchanting figure that haunted his dreams. For the first time, Mr. Green realized that a woman’s beauty did make a difference. 
That "all the same in the dark" nonsense was just nonsense. 
How could it be the same? 
That kind of stunning beauty was something he had never seen before in his lifetime, even in the entertainment circle. 
All the ordinary and vulgar women he had played with combined were not even half as captivating as her. 
Her beautiful face and her jade-like white skin. 
If he could get her, even just once, he would have no regrets in his life. 
Ever since seeing her, he had lost interest in other women. 
Every woman seemed tasteless to him. 
Even Annie Lawrence was discarded by him. 
"What ’all the same’? You guys don’t understand at all." Mr. Green sighed and said to the laughing crowd, "Wait until you meet a woman like her, and you’ll understand that in her presence, all other women are just common and plain." 
"Oh," one man laughed, "What kind of woman did Mr. Green meet that has him so enthralled? If it’s that female celebrity who used to date the young master of Benington Group, her beauty is nothing extraordinary." 
"It’s not her." Mr. Green said and sighed again, "It’s her sister." 
"Her sister? You mean the woman you met is the sister of that female celebrity?" 
"Yes." 
"If you like her, then go get her." 
These men, all experienced players and wealthy, believed that anything in the world could be solved with money.
###Chapter 1581: Chapter 1399: You Passed Our Audition
After all, the women around them could be won over with money. 
"It’s not that easy." Mr. Green frowned, his face full of distress, "She’s not a woman who can be won over with some money. I heard Gary White backs her up. Otherwise, I would have found a way to get her a long time ago." 
"A woman backed up by Gary White?" The faces of the men in the private room showed some apprehension when they heard the name. 
They thought the woman Mr. Green was talking about was an ordinary one. 
If she was backed up by Gary White, regular people wouldn’t dare to mess with her. 
"What’s there to be afraid of?" A man hugged a woman in his arms and kissed her, indifferent, "It’s just a woman. Figure out a way to bring her here and play with her." 
Mr. Green was eager, but also afraid: "I wouldn’t dare. If I offended Gary White, wouldn’t I be in trouble?" 
"Then don’t let him find out." 
The man continued with his bad ideas: "You have someone follow her, knock her out and take her away. When she’s unconscious, you can do whatever you want. After playing, just drop her somewhere." 
"She won’t know who you are." 
"Besides, she’s just a woman backed up by Gary White, not his real girlfriend. Even if something happens, Gary White won’t make a scene over a woman." 
Ever since Mr. Green saw Joanna Lawrence that day, he had been coveting her all the time. 
Even in his dreams, he wanted Joanna. 
He had asked around, Joanna had no familial relations with Gary White. 
But Gary White was indeed very caring towards her. 
Though Mr. Green was envious, he was still very cautious. 
He didn’t want to offend Gary White. 
He couldn’t bear the consequences of angering Gary White. 
But now, after listening to that man’s words, he was intrigued. 
Yes, have someone follow her, and knock her out and send her to him. 
After playing, drop her somewhere before she wakes up. 
How could she know anything? 
The more Mr. Green thought about it, the more feasible it seemed. The enchanting figure appeared in his mind again, and his excitement turned his face red. 
* 
The next day. 
When Joanna received the notification from the film crew, she thought she was still asleep and dreaming. 
Because she was awakened in her sleep by the ringing of her phone. 
"Ms. Joanna, congratulations, you have passed our audition. We will discuss the specific role arrangements after you come to our company," said the voice on the phone. 
They hung up after giving her the notice. 
Joanna still held the phone in her hand, somewhat unresponsive. 
The buzzing sound in her head lasted for a few more seconds, as if a computer was recovering from a freeze. Her facial expression and eyes gradually returned to normal.
After hanging up, they sent her a text message with the address for the signing. 
Joanna held her phone tightly and read the message over and over again. 
Afraid of misunderstanding something, she read each word slowly, and then combined all the words to read it carefully again. 
After the fourth time of reading and making sure it was accurate, she truly believed she had succeeded in the audition. 
Enormous joy swept over her in an instant. 
She was stunned with happiness. 
How could this be completely different from the script’s content? 
Usually, waiting for a notice was a sign of no further involvement, right? 
In the absence of any hope, such news for her was undoubtedly an immense surprise.
###Chapter 1582: Chapter 1400: Baby is Really Amazing
It’s more exciting than winning 50 million dollars. 
She immediately called Linda. 
As soon as Linda answered, Joanna Lawrence excitedly said, "Linda, I got the audition!" 
Linda probably just woke up by her call, her voice was still sleepy, "What audition?" 
"Yesterday’s audition!" Joanna was so excited, sharing her joy with her." 
"Just now, they called and said I passed the audition and asked me to go to their company for the formal signing tomorrow." 
There was silence on the other end of the line for a few seconds. 
Just as Joanna thought Linda didn’t hear her clearly and was about to repeat herself, Linda suddenly raised her voice, "You mean yesterday’s audition? You passed it?!" 
"Yeah!" 
"Are you sure?!" 
"At first, I wasn’t sure, so I asked several times. Now I’m sure." 
There was silence again on Linda’s end. 
"Ha ha ha, this is really good news!" Linda laughed happily through the phone, "I didn’t expect you to pass the audition. You told me yesterday that there was no hope." 
"Yeah." Joanna couldn’t help but feel emotional, "At that time, I thought I had no hope either."
That’s why she was so surprised now. 
"This is indeed a very surprising thing. Being chosen is a recognition of your abilities. Acting in such a movie will have great benefits for your future career." 
"Let me go with you for the signing tomorrow." 
"Thank you, Joanna. How about dinner tonight? My treat to celebrate." 
"Sure, since you’re treating, why not invite Kelvin Norman as well? After all, he helped you get this audition opportunity." 
"Of course, I was going to treat him to dinner to thank him. Let’s do it." 
After ending the call, Joanna sent a text message to Kelvin Norman. 
A few minutes later, Kelvin replied: Congratulations! Let me know where to meet for dinner tonight. 
After texting Kelvin, Joanna sent a Twitter message to Ashton Heath. 
Joanna Lawrence: Ashton Heath, I want to share some good news with you. I auditioned for an awesome movie, and I passed! You know, there were so many people auditioning yesterday, and they were all more famous and experienced in the industry than me. I thought I had no hope. 
Who would have thought that I passed the audition! I’m so happy now. 
If only you were here, I could treat you to dinner. 
The man quickly replied. 
Ashton Heath: My baby is so amazing? You can even act in movies now. 
Joanna Lawrence: I never thought I’d pass the audition. After the audition, they told me to wait for the notice, and I thought it would be over. But just now, someone called me and told me I passed. 
Ashton Heath: Baby, you’re awesome. It seems you should treat me to dinner. Let’s consider it a rain check. 
Joanna chatted with Ashton for a while and let him go knowing he was busy. 
Seeing that it was almost time, she got up, washed up and went out. 
* 
Arrived at the film crew location. 
As soon as she got out of the car, she saw another car parked nearby. 
Kelvin Norman got out of the car.
###Chapter 1583: Chapter 1401: Who did you see?
Upon seeing her, Kelvin Norman walked over to her, stopped in front of her, and said with a smile, "Congratulations on your successful audition." 
"I should thank you, Mr. Norman, for giving me this opportunity," Joanna Lawrence said gratefully. "If it weren’t for you recommending me, I wouldn’t even have had the chance to audition." 
"I recommended you, but whether you could pass the audition or not was not up to me," Kelvin hooked his lips. "All of this is because of your own capabilities." 
"Faye Lister told me that you performed very well. The scene you played even brought her to tears. Being able to receive such praise from her shows that you truly earned this role with your own abilities," he said. 
"Ms. Lister praised me?" 
"Yes, Faye said you have great potential and are a promising talent. I think so too." Kelvin paused and said seriously, "Joanna, you have a natural talent for acting and are well-suited for this profession." 
"I know you may not be short of good resources now, and even if I didn’t introduce you to this audition, you would still have access to great opportunities in the future. But I still hope that no matter how many good opportunities you get, you can be committed to each role," he said. 
"And not treat it as a game." 
It would be a shame if a talented actress like Joanna treated acting like a game, Kelvin thought. 
It would waste her innate talent and aura in acting. 
"Don’t worry, Mr. Norman," Joanna smiled and said, "Being an outstanding actress and performing works that win acclaim and satisfaction have always been my dreams. No matter what happens in the future, acting will always be my lifelong passion and dream." 
"I will definitely take it seriously." 
"That’s good." 
* 
A whole day passed. 
Film shooting was over. 
After asking about Kelvin’s taste preferences, Joanna found a unique fondue restaurant called Heart Fondue Restaurant, and they had dinner with Gary White. 
Both Gary White and Kelvin Norman had things to do that night. 
After dinner, the two left. 
Joanna, having nothing else to do that night, decided to book a private room at a karaoke bar and continue the celebration with Linda. 
Linda drove, and when they arrived at the karaoke bar, the waiter led them to their reserved private room. 
As Joanna and Linda entered the private room, the door of the private room opposite them opened. 
A portly man walked out of the private room. 
The man went to the door, his eyes widened, and they seemed to stick to Joanna when they saw her. 
He didn’t want to look away. 
He stood there, staring blankly at the closed door and not moving until the door of the private room across from him closed. 
There was another man behind him. 
Seeing this, the man raised his eyebrows and said, "Mr. Green, who did you see there? Do you know those two beauties across the hall? Should we invite them over for a drink?" 
Mr. Green snapped back to reality. 
His plump face, full of flesh, trembled with excitement. 
His eyes, even more so, flashed green like a hungry wolf upon seeing a sheep. 
He didn’t expect to meet the beauty who had haunted his dreams here. 
As Mr. Green savored the stunning back view he had seen just now, his heart itched, as if countless bugs were crawling inside. 
He called the bartender over. 
"Send a fruit plate and two bottles of red wine to the two ladies in the private room opposite, and tell them it’s on me." 
* 
In the private room. 
As Joanna and Linda settled down and had not yet chosen a song, they heard a knock on the door.
###Chapter 1584: Chapter 1402: Ms. Joanna, it’s a pleasure to see you again.
Joanna Lawrence assumed it was the food they had ordered, so she said aloud, "Come in". 
The door was pushed open. 
Two waiters walked in.
One was carrying an extraordinarily large fruit platter, and the other was holding two bottles of red wine and two wine glasses. 
They both set down the wine and fruit platter. 
Joanna took a quick look, and asked in confusion: "What’s this? Linda, did you order it?" 
She remembered that they hadn’t ordered wine. 
And the fruit platter they ordered wasn’t this large either. 
Linda also took a quick glance and shook her head: "I didn’t order it." 
Joanna hadn’t ordered it either. 
She flagged down the waitstaff: "Did you guys make a mistake? We didn’t order these." 
The waiter looked again, verified, and then replied with a smile: "Ladies, you indeed did not order these. They were sent over by a gentleman." 
Joanna was taken aback: "A gentleman sent these to us?" 
"Yes." 
"What’s the surname of this gentleman?" 
"The gentleman is in the private room opposite this one. He said if you ladies are interested, you could join him in his room." 
Joanna and Linda looked at each other, both with confusion in their eyes. 
A fruit platter and wine sent by a stranger, they most certainly wouldn’t dare to eat or drink. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, stood up, and said: "Linda, I’ll go check out the opposite private room. Wait for me here." 
"Do you want me to go with you?" 
"No need, I’ll go see who it is. I’ll be back soon." 
Having said that, she followed the two waiters out of the private room. 
* 
The first person Joanna thought of was Yannick Luther. 
Because among the familiar men she knew, only Yannick liked to frequent such places. 
And Yannick had done similar things in the past. 
The waiter led Joanna to the door of the opposite private room and then knocked on the door. 
After getting permission, he opened the door. 
The private room was initially quite boisterous, and the moment the door opened, laughter and curses from men and women came pouring out. 
The room was slightly dark, and as Joanna stood in the entrance peering in, all she saw were unfamiliar faces. 
Any further in, and she wouldn’t be able to see clearly. 
When the room door opened, and those in the room saw Joanna standing at the entrance, all the men were momentarily startled, then their eyes simultaneously showed awe. 
What a beautiful young lady! 
Just like a fairy descending from heaven, incredibly beautiful. 
She was different from the heavily made-up women in the room. Even though her face wasn’t powdered and her dress was simple, she was still undeniably gorgeous in comparison. 
Compared to her, all the accompanying women in the room seemed like cheap imitation. 
The eyes of all the men were fixated on her, immediately losing interest in the women around them. 
None of the so-called top beauties in the club could hold a candle to the girl at the doorway. 
Among the group, Mr. Green was the most excited. 
Upon seeing Joanna at the door, he hurriedly stood up with a face full of delight and walked towards her. 
"Ms. Joanna, it’s great to see you again." 
Mr. Green’s eyes darted around, taking Joanna in at a glance, growing more covetous in his heart. 
This Joanna, truly a rare beauty. 
Having such a beauty that he could only see but not touch would drive him mad. 
Mr. Green was half a head shorter than Joanna. 
Joanna looked down, and saw his shining, bald head. 
She met Mr. Green’s lustful gaze, her brow furrowed slightly, and she tried to suppress her disgust, said: "
###Chapter 1585: Chapter 1403: Do You Dare Offend Gary White?
She looked up at Mr. Green’s lustful gaze, furrowing her brows, suppressing her disgust before turning to the waiter behind her: "Who sent the red wine and fruit tray just now?" 
"It was me." 
Before the waiter could answer, Mr. Green replied first: "I saw Ms. Joanna just now, and I wanted to say hello to her, but I was afraid it would be intrusive. So I thought that would be a good way to greet Ms. Joanna." 
"Since Ms. Joanna is here, why not join us and have fun with us?" 
Mr. Green was a crude man in the first place. 
When he spoke to Joanna now, he pretended to be educated and refined, giving people an unpleasant feeling. 
The people who were familiar with Mr. Green and often hung out with him found this scene very amusing. 
"Damn, I’m nearly laughing to death. It’s the first time I’ve seen Mr. Green flirt like this. I don’t know who he learned such a refined accent from." 
"Apparently, he’s really into this woman. Is this the woman he mentioned earlier? She really is quite a beauty; no wonder a flower-picker like Mr. Green is so obsessed with her." 
"No kidding, she is outstanding. I’ve rarely seen a woman this beautiful. Wow, look at her face, her figure, and her skin like snow. Just looking at her makes me imagine how fun it would be to play with her." 
"Your words make me want to play with her too." 
"You’d better not think about it. Didn’t Mr. Green say that she has something to do with Gary White? Would you dare to provoke Gary White?" 
"So what if she has something to do with Gary White? Maybe Gary White will lose interest after playing with her for a few days, and then toss her away. She is not his real girlfriend, just an actress. Do you think Gary White will take her home and marry her?" 
Regardless of how the women in the private room belittled Joanna. 
As soon as she appeared, all the men’s eyes were on her, and their hearts began to itch. 
It seemed that they had lost all interest in their female companions beside them. 
Joanna had a terrible impression of Mr. Green. 
Knowing that he sent the fruit plate and wine, she planned to have the waiter return it later. Although she felt disgusted by Mr. Green inside, she still politely declined on the surface: "No thank you, I came with a friend who is waiting for me. I have to go." 
Mr. Green had been thinking about her for a long time and would not let her go so easily. 
"Ms. Joanna, since you’re here, why not sit down and join us? It’s so boring with just you and your friend. I’ll have someone call your friend over." 
After saying that, he told the waiter: "Go call the lady in the opposite private room to come over." 
"No need." 
Joanna immediately stopped the waiter: "My friend and I don’t like being with too many people, and we don’t like to play with people we’re not familiar with. I’m sorry, I need to get back to my friend." 
After Joanna finished speaking, she turned around and walked towards the door of the private room. 
Mr. Green quickly became anxious. 
He hurried after her, grabbed Joanna’s arm, and stopped her from leaving: "Ms. Joanna, what’s the hurry? It’s not too late to sit down and play for a while before leaving. There are no wolves or tigers in our private room that will eat you. Don’t be afraid." 
The moment Mr. Green grabbed her, Joanna instantly felt extremely disgusted, as if she had been touched by a fly or cockroach. She recalled what Nina had told her about what kind of person Mr. Green was. The feeling in her stomach intensified, making her feel even more queasy wave after wave.
###Chapter 1586: Chapter 1044: Still Daring to Put on Airs in Front of Us
She had been polite before because although Mr. Green was obnoxious, he hadn’t crossed her, and she didn’t want to offend people arbitrarily. 
But now, she didn’t have to bother anymore. 
Her face darkened and her voice cooled, "Mr. Green, please let go of my hand. I’ve said it before, I’m not interested in staying here." 
"Ms. Joanna, you’re really not giving face here," 
A man’s voice came from behind Mr. Green, sneering, "Mr. Green asked you to stay because he thinks highly of you. Other women would love this kind of treatment, what are you being pretentious about? What do you think, just because you have some looks, you can act all high and mighty here?" 
"’No interest in staying here.’ Who do you think you are?" 
"Exactly, she’s ungrateful," another man said, "Mr. Green is being polite, asking you nicely to stay, and yet you give him disrespect. You don’t think much of Mr. Green, do you? A little actress dares to put on airs in front of us." 
"Women are like this, give them an inch and they’ll take a mile." 
Mr. Green had come out with friends. 
Hearing what the men behind him said, he felt he had lost face. 
On the matter of women, he had never experienced any setbacks. 
Whatever woman he wanted, he could easily get. 
But now, not only has Joanna Lawrence rejected him, but she has done so in front of his friends, making him a subject of their mockery. This made him smolder and angry. 
He felt embarrassed, his anger surged to his head, taking away the last shred of sanity he had left. 
He clenched Joanna’s wrist, his face turning red, and growled, "Damn it, you’re given face and you reject it. I was nice to you and you act like a high and mighty bitch in front of me? You’re forcing me to get physical with you?!" 
"What the hell do you think you are? You really think I’m asking for your opinion?" 
"Let me tell you, whether you want to stay or not, while I have not let you go, you are not allowed to leave!" 
When finished, Mr. Green called his thugs over, sinisterly ordering, "Stay by the door, don’t let her out." 
The two thugs immediately walked out of the private room, standing one on each side, and then closed the door. 
Mr. Green grabbed Joanna’s arm and jerked it inward, "Come here, have a few drinks with me." 
Everyone else watching this scene applauded, "Mr. Green is mighty." 
"Mr. Green is full of masculinity." 
"This should’ve been done long ago, what’s with giving face to such a pretentious girl." 
"Little girl, you should know better. Do you know who Mr. Green is? If you please him, you don’t need to worry about your future in the circle. What kind of resources you want, isn’t it just a word from Mr. Green? I advise you to behave, don’t make everyone unhappy." 
"Let go of me!" Joanna Lawrence, with a stern face, forcefully flung Mr. Green’s hand off and turned to walk towards the door. 
Upon being shrugged off by her, Mr. Green only grew angrier. 
He felt like he could hear the laughter of his friends behind him. 
Seeing that Joanna Lawrence had already reached the door, he was infuriated and rushed over to try to grab her again. 
Joanna dodged quickly, seeing Mr. Green lunging at her, she hastily reached and grabbed a wine bottle from the coffee table and smashed it towards Mr. Green in desperation. 
"Smash!" 
The wine bottle hit Mr. Green’s forehead directly, and there was a cut on his forehead, with blood trickling down the forehead.
###Chapter 1587: Chapter 1045: Mr. Parker, do you know that lady?
Suddenly, a chorus of shocked exclamations echoed in the private room. 
Everyone was astonished by the scene. 
No one expected that Joanna would actually use a wine bottle to hit Mr. Green. 
Even Mr. Green himself was stunned. 
With bulging eyes, he froze for a few seconds, then reached up to touch his forehead. 
When his hand came away covered in blood, his face instantly darkened. When he looked at Joanna again, his eyes were filled with fury. 
* 
In another private room. 
Linda had been waiting for Joanna for a while, and she was starting to feel uneasy. She took out her phone and dialed Joanna’s number. 
The call rang for a long time, but Joanna didn’t answer. 
Linda’s face turned slightly pale, increasingly sensing that something was wrong. 
She immediately got up and left the private room. 
As she stepped out, she saw two burly men dressed in black standing outside the opposite private room. 
Linda walked over. 
She reached out to push open the door to the private room. 
The two men in black immediately extended their hands to block her, their expressions sinister: "Who are you? What are you trying to do?"
Linda frowned but still patiently explained, "My friend is inside. Let me pass; I need to find her." 
"Your friend is not inside." 
The two men quickly realized who she was talking about and coldly told her, "You can leave now." 
Linda didn’t budge. 
If she was initially suspicious that something might have happened to Joanna, she was almost certain now. 
Joanna had definitely entered that private room. 
Yet now, these two men were barring her entry. 
If there wasn’t anything suspicious going on, why would they stop her? 
With these thoughts, Linda’s brow furrowed deeper and her worry grew. 
Joanna’s face was so alluring; any man would be smitten at the sight of her. 
She couldn’t bear to imagine the consequences if something were to happen to Joanna here. 
"Get out of my way!" Linda attempted to forcibly push her way in, shoving one of the bodyguards while reaching for the doorknob with her other hand. 
Seeing this, the other bodyguard quickly grabbed hold of her. 
Linda struggled, shouting outside the door, "Joanna! Joanna! Are you inside? Let me go in! What have you done to Joanna? Do you know whose woman she is? You’ll regret messing with her!" 
At the corridor’s bend. 
A tall, lean figure was surrounded by a group of people walking over. 
The man in the center had an attractive and distinguished face, deeply sculpted features, and a pair of long, dark eyes that exuded an imposing aura of luxury. 
His expression and gaze were cold, as if his beautiful countenance was etched with the words "Keep Away." 
He walked without emotion. 
Upon hearing Linda shout Joanna’s name, he paused, stopping in his tracks. 
He looked towards the direction Linda was yelling. 
A middle-aged man wearing a suit and tie beside him halted as well, glancing in that direction. 
He couldn’t make sense of the situation. 
He asked curiously, "Mr. Parker, do you know that woman?" 
Frank Parker furrowed his brow. 
On the other side, as Linda was shouting, she turned her head and saw Frank not far away. Joy filled her face, and she immediately waved and called out to him: "Mr. Parker! Mr. Parker! Please help Joanna!" 
"She’s locked in the private room, and they won’t let me in."
###Chapter 1588: Chapter 1046: Kicked open the private room door with one foot
Frank Parker’s face suddenly changed, and he strode over. 
Several people next to him exchanged glances for a few seconds, and quickly followed. 
When Linda saw Frank coming, she was so touched that she almost cried. 
Fortunately, Frank didn’t ignore her. 
Frank walked quickly to Linda and asked with a serious face, "You said Joanna is in danger?" 
"Yes, Joanna just went to this private room and hasn’t come back for a long time. I was worried about her, so I came to find her. But they stopped me and didn’t let me in." Linda was extremely anxious, "Mr. Parker, go in and have a look. Joanna must be in danger." 
When the two bodyguards heard Linda call him "Mr. Parker," their faces changed. 
Seeing Frank approaching them, their faces changed again, and they promptly released their grip. 
These bodyguards were Mr. Green’s personal bodyguards. 
They had previously followed Mr. Green to many dinner parties and banquets. 
So they naturally recognized Frank Parker. 
Closia’s famous tyrant, who wouldn’t recognize even the King of Pop when his temper flared up, and due to the Parker family’s power, few could do anything to him. 
Their boss, Mr. Green, was influential. 
But compared to the young master of the Parker family, it was nothing. 
If they offended Mr. Parker, Mr. Green would have no choice but to take a beating. 
Seeing that Linda knew Frank Parker, they dared not hold her any longer. 
"Mr. Parker, this is a misunderstanding." Seeing the growing coldness in Frank’s eyes, the two bodyguards panicked and hurriedly said, "The friend this lady is talking about is not in the private room. We stopped her not because we didn’t want her to see her friend, but because it was inconvenient." 
"Mr. Parker..." 
Before the bodyguards could finish their explanation, Frank kicked open the private room door. 
The bodyguards’ faces changed immediately. 
As Frank walked into the private room, they wanted to stop him but didn’t dare to do so. 
Linda immediately followed Frank into the private room. 
The private room was dimly lit. 
The smell of women’s perfume, alcohol, and smoke mixed together, forming an extremely unpleasant odor. 
Frank walked into the private room, frowning." 
He immediately saw Mr. Green dragging Joanna towards the sofa, unaware that other people had entered the room. Holding Joanna’s wrist tightly, he slammed her onto the sofa. 
Once Frank saw who Mr. Green was holding, his face instantly darkened to the extreme, and a storm brewed in the long, delicate eyes of the man. 
The next second, his figure flashed like lightning behind Mr. Green, and before anyone else in the room could see what he looked like, they heard Mr. Green let out a scream like a dying pig. 
Then he fell to the ground. 
"Ah, it hurts, my hand..." Mr. Green fell to the ground, rolling in pain. 
Frank broke one of his hands, but still not feeling satisfied, viciously kicked his chest several times. 
Each kick was delivered with full force. 
Mr. Green’s screams continued, and he vomited blood out of shock and fear, yelling, "Help, help!" 
Frank squatted down, grabbed his collar, and threw several punches at his fat-covered face.
###Chapter 1589: Chapter 1047: Did He Just Have an Episode?
"You dare bully her too? Trying to get yourself killed!" 
Just recalling the scene he saw earlier, Frank Parker felt his blood boiling, seething with anger. 
He couldn’t imagine what might have happened if he didn’t have any business to attend to here today, and if he didn’t happen to encounter them... 
What would follow. 
As he thought about the potential consequences, his eyes turned bloodshot, and his grip became increasingly forceful. 
"Ah, stop hitting me, stop hitting me! Help!" After several punches, Mr. Green almost passed out. He used his hands to cover his blood-streaked face, rolling on the ground and wailing. 
The others in the private room were all stunned. 
Someone stepped forward, wanting to stop Frank but recognized him, and their face turned white with fear. 
They immediately retreated. 
Soon, the others also learned that the man beating Mr. Green on the ground was none other than the young master of the Parker family, Frank Parker. 
This time, no one dared to intervene. 
They knew better than to offend the Parker family’s young master. 
Mr. Green’s cries of pain never stopped. 
His face was covered in blood, and as he screamed, his voice gradually grew weaker. 
"Frank Parker, stop hitting him!" 
Joanna Lawrence looked on in horror as Frank’s eyes were bloodshot, attacking Mr. Green like a demon-possessed man. Seeing Mr. Green’s physical strength fading and him no longer having the energy to cry out, she worried that if the beating continued, there would be severe consequences. She reached out to pull Frank away. 
She had just grabbed Frank’s arm when she felt the man’s body stiffen. 
Then, his movements seemed to freeze—stopped instantly, motionless. 
Joanna paused but didn’t dwell on it. Seeing him stop, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
She quickly pulled him away: "Don’t hit him anymore; you’ll kill him if you continue." 
A moment ago, he had been a terrifying man, seemingly possessed by Satan, exuding a terrifying aura that prevented anyone from approaching him. But now, he had transformed, the menacing presence around him dissipating like a retreating tide. He even seemed like an obedient schoolboy, allowing Joanna to pull him to the side without resistance. 
At this time, Mr. Green had already passed out. 
His bodyguards didn’t dare to approach until Frank left. They then picked up the unconscious Mr. Green and took him to the hospital. 
After the bodyguards had taken Mr. Green away, Joanna finally let go of Frank’s arm. 
By this time, he seemed much calmer. His eyes were no longer bloodshot, and their previously furious expression had vanished. 
Joanna found his earlier demeanor quite terrifying. 
She suddenly recalled that people had said that the Parker family’s young master had been afflicted with some sort of aggressive disorder. 
When he was just a child, he had hurt people during his episodes. 
Had he just experienced one of those episodes? 
Joanna was a bit scared, but also very grateful. 
No matter what, Frank had just saved her. 
If it weren’t for his timely arrival, Joanna couldn’t even imagine what might have happened. 
After she broke Mr. Green’s head with a vase, he had completely lost his rationality, not even caring when she declared that Gary White was her brother. 
"Frank, are you... are you okay now?" 
Joanna noticed blood on his hand, and with a start, she asked, "Did you get hurt?" 
Frank didn’t respond. 
His heartbeat had yet to slow down. 
On his arm, the sensation of her touch seemed to linger. He could still feel her warm palm—inches from him.
###Chapter 1590: Chapter 1048: Will you...worry about me?
She knew she was just trying to stop him. 
But that touch made his heart unable to calm down for a long time. 
Joanna noticed that he did not respond, and looked up to see his face in a dazed expression, as if lost in thought. 
She worried, and waved her hand in front of his eyes, "Frank, what’s wrong with you? Say something. Are you injured? Do you need to go to the hospital?" 
Joanna didn’t have a good impression of Frank. 
Even though he had helped her several times before. 
Her impression of him improved only a little, and she certainly didn’t feel any affection. 
When she was with Frank, she didn’t feel as relaxed and comfortable as when she was with Yannick and Denver. 
She could consider Yannick and Denver as her friends. 
But regarding Frank... 
When she thought of his relationship with Rebecca, Joanna couldn’t help but not consider him as a friend. 
But no matter what, Frank was injured because of her. 
No matter how she felt, she had to show some concern. 
This time, it seemed like Frank finally heard what she was saying, and his facial expression and eyes showed some change. 
His eyes moved and opened wider, as he looked down at Joanna.
He saw worry in Joanna’s eyes. 
Even though he knew that she was worried about him because he had helped her, his heart throbbed violently due to her gaze. 
He pursed his lips and was silent for a few seconds, then looked down at the blood on his wrist, and casually wiped it away. He said indifferently, "I’m fine, I’m not hurt, this isn’t my blood." 
"If it’s not your blood, then..." 
Joanna quickly realized where the blood on his wrist came from. 
She felt a little relieved, "That’s good, I thought you were hurt." 
Frank gazed at the blood on his wrist, and then slowly looked up. There was a flicker in his narrow and deep eyes as he asked softly, "If I were hurt, would you... worry about me?" 
As soon as he asked this question, he regretted it a little. 
Joanna was also taken aback, and looked at him with surprise. 
Frank met her gaze, his eyes flickering, and clenched his fists to hide the inner turmoil of that moment. His face remained calm and composed, "You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to. I was just asking casually." 
"I would worry." 
Although Joanna thought his question was a bit strange, she couldn’t quite figure out why it was strange at that moment. 
After thinking about it seriously, she replied, "You got hurt because of me, of course I would be worried." 
This answer was expected. 
But Frank still felt very satisfied and comfortable in his heart. 
No matter why she was worried about him, her words made him feel that everything was worth it. 
He couldn’t help but smile, and when he looked at her, his eyes flashed a brief softness. When he spoke, his tone had a warmth that others could not perceive, "Let’s leave here first and find a new place to talk." 
Frank had just beaten Mr. Green, and everyone else in the private room was frightened, their faces pale and breathless. 
They were afraid that they would be the next Mr. Green in a second. 
After all, they had also instigated things earlier. 
If Joanna really wanted to investigate, they could also be considered accomplices. 
These people had also heard of Frank’s "achievements" when he was younger, so who would not be afraid? 
They had just seen Frank beating Mr. Green with their own eyes, and were even more terrified than before.
###Chapter 1591: Chapter 1049: That Guy with the Surname Gong is Really Ruthless
For a moment, the private room was silent, and there was no conversation to be heard. 
It was so quiet it seemed more like a tranquil coffee house than a place of entertainment. 
Joanna still felt uneasy, wanting to leave the scene as soon as possible, so she nodded, "Okay." 
Seeing Joanna’s fear, Linda came over and took her arm. Then, they quickly left the private room. 
Once they were gone, 
The group of men who had just been arrogant and domineering seemed to come back to life and finally dared to speak. 
The private room became lively again. 
"Why is that woman connected to Frank Parker? He actually came to her defense, and it seems like he listens to her too." 
"There was a rumor about her and Frank Parker before, but it was cleared up later. Now it seems that there may have been some truth to it. Frank Parker protects her like that; maybe there’s really something going on between them." 
"I wonder how Mr. Green is doing. That guy from the Parker family didn’t hold back at all. Mr. Green didn’t die, did he?" 
"Even if he didn’t die, he’ll have to spend some time in the hospital. Bad luck for Mr. Green to mess with Frank Parker. His miserable days are just beginning; getting beaten up is no big deal." 
As soon as these words were spoken, everyone around went silent. 
Yeah. 
Getting involved with the young master of the Parker family, just getting beaten up would be considered getting off easy. 
If he wanted to deal with Mr. Green in the future, Mr. Green might not even be able to save his company. 
That would be the worst. 
Poor Mr. Green had bad luck; of all the women he could have gone for, he had to go for one with ties to Frank Parker. 
Quite a few men in the private room had been eyeing Joanna, but now they were too frightened to think of anything else. 
* 
After leaving the private room, Frank Parker canceled the original plans and drove Joanna and Linda to the hospital. 
Joanna thought he was going to see a doctor and, in gratitude for his help, silently accompanied him. 
Linda stayed with Joanna. 
When they arrived at the hospital, medical staff were waiting outside. 
Seeing Frank Parker, the doctor respectfully said, "Mr. Parker." 
Frank nodded and turned to Joanna, "Let them examine you." 
Joanna was taken aback and looked up in surprise, "Examine me?" 
Wasn’t Frank Parker here to see the doctor? 
"Yes, examine you. See if there’s any damage." 
"I, I’m fine," Joanna was confused, "I don’t need an examination." 
He had come just in time, so Mr. Green had barely harmed her. 
"Just get it checked out; it won’t take long." Frank finished speaking and ordered the doctor, "Take Ms. Joanna for a full body examination." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker. Ms. Joanna, please come this way." 
Joanna: "..." 
Didn’t she even have the right to refuse? 
Why did she have to get a full-body examination when she was perfectly fine? 
She wanted to refuse. 
But... 
Seeing that the man in front of her had helped her a lot just now, and that he was doing all this out of concern for her, she figured that since she was already at the hospital, going in for an examination wouldn’t hurt. 
Think of it as a six-month physical check-up. 
Linda also persuaded, "Joanna, just go get checked out. I’m a little worried too." 
"Alright," Joanna reluctantly agreed, "Wait for me here." 
Soon, Joanna followed the doctor away.
###Chapter 1592: Chapter 1050: Didn’t Dare to Think Deeper Anymore
Linda thought of the previous events and, despite feeling a bit frightened by Frank Parker, still mustered up the courage to say, "Mr. Parker, thank you so much for what happened earlier. If it weren’t for you appearing in time to help Joanna, the consequences would have been unthinkable." 
Only after watching Joanna walk away did Frank Parker slowly turn his gaze back. 
He turned his head to look at Linda, a cold gaze in his narrow eyes: "No need to be grateful. However, I don’t want to see this kind of thing for the second time. Since she is your artist, you have the responsibility to protect her." 
"If I hadn’t come here tonight, do you think you could bear the consequences of what would happen?" 
Linda was startled, and her face changed immediately. 
The consequences... 
Of course, she could not bear them. 
So she was very grateful that she had encountered Frank Parker in such a critical moment and prevented a terrible outcome. 
Mr. Parker is right." Linda was a bit afraid of Frank Parker’s gaze, and after looking at him for a few seconds, she lowered her head and dared not look at him again. "Joanna is my artist, and it’s my responsibility to ensure her safety. Today it was indeed my fault for not doing well and not following her." 
"I will be more careful in the future." 
Frank Parker also knew that this matter couldn’t actually be blamed on Linda. 
Even if she had followed Joanna at the time, she probably wouldn’t have been able to stop anything. 
Fortunately, Joanna was fine now. 
He was just feeling a bit afraid after thinking about it, so he lashed out at Linda. 
"Why did you go to the karaoke bar tonight, and how did you get involved with that scum named Mr. Green?" 
Linda told Frank Parker everything. 
"I didn’t expect Mr. Green to be so lustful. If it weren’t for Mr. Parker’s timely appearance, Joanna might have..." 
Seeing Frank Parker’s face darken instantly, Linda stopped talking immediately, not daring to continue. 
Because at that moment, she felt a horrifying murderous aura emanating from Frank Parker. 
Linda raised her head and looked at Frank Parker’s dark and frightening face, a strange feeling suddenly arising in her heart. 
Actually, back at the karaoke bar, she already felt something strange. 
When Frank Parker saw Joanna being bullied by Mr. Green, he completely lost his mind and began to beat Mr. Green to death. 
He was very heavy-handed. 
If it weren’t for Joanna stopping him later, he might have killed Mr. Green. 
Linda knew that Frank Parker and Ashton Heath were friends. 
So it was normal for him to help when he saw his friend’s woman being bullied. 
But, Frank Parker’s help was a bit different from the help of a normal friend. 
Intuition told Linda that Frank Parker’s feelings towards Joanna were... unusual. 
Although Joanna wasn’t really hurt, he still insisted on bringing her to the hospital for an examination. 
This concern and care had exceeded the scope of normal friendship. 
Linda dared not think deeper. 
She felt that Frank Parker shouldn’t be so foolish. Most likely, she was overthinking it. 
Maybe... it was just because he and Ashton Heath had such a good relationship that he cared for Joanna to such an extent. 
* 
Since Joanna was not injured, the examination results were naturally fine. 
She took the examination report from the doctor’s hand, and flipped through it while walking out of the clinic. 
When she reached the door, she accidentally bumped into someone. 
Joanna immediately apologized, "I’m sorry, I’m sorry." 
"It’s okay, I should be the one saying sorry. Miss, did I hurt you?"
###Chapter 1593: Chapter 1051: It Seems She Still Doesn’t Like Him Much
A gentle and pleasant voice sounded above her head. 
Joanna Lawrence looked up and saw a woman in a black Hepburn-style skirt standing in front of her, about twenty-four or twenty-five years old. She wasn’t particularly beautiful, but her temperament was very good. 
She looked like a well-bred lady who was skilled in piano, chess, calligraphy, and painting. 
It was quite strange. 
The woman wasn’t very beautiful, but she had an attractive temperament. 
Joanna couldn’t help but look at her twice. 
"I’m fine, I just accidentally bumped into you while walking. Are you okay?" 
The woman smiled and shook her head. 
Feeling embarrassed, Joanna apologized to her again before finally turning away and leaving. 
After she left the diagnosis room, the woman remained at the door, watching her retreating figure thoughtfully. 
Joanna Lawrence... 
They finally met. 
She was the woman who had Ashton Heath captivated. 
She was truly beautiful. 
However, she believed that mere beauty was not enough to conquer a man like Ashton. 
Although Joanna had walked some distance away, she could still feel a gaze following her from behind. 
She couldn’t help but look back and saw the woman she had just bumped into still standing there, looking at her. 
That gaze was strange. 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, her eyebrows furrowing slightly.
She was sure that she did not know the woman. 
However, the way the woman looked at her gave her an illusion that they somehow knew each other. 
After a few seconds, the woman finally withdrew her gaze and went into the treatment room. 
Joanna didn’t think too much about it. Although she found the woman a bit strange, she didn’t really worry about it and turned to leave as well. 
A few minutes later, she found Frank Parker and Linda. 
"Joanna, are you alright?" Linda asked. 
Joanna shook her head: "I’m fine." 
Only then did Frank Parker completely relax. 
"Mr. Parker, I’ve been checked by the doctor, and he said I’m healthy and have no problems at all." Joanna looked at Frank, who was waiting nearby, checked the time on her phone, and then said, "It’s getting late, and you probably have other tasks to attend to. You can go and handle your business, and Linda and I are about to leave too." 
At this moment, Frank’s phone rang as well. 
He picked it up, and after a while, Joanna saw his face darken, and impatience flickered in his eyes. 
"I’ve told you, I’m not interested in her." 
"If you keep pushing her towards me, don’t blame me for being rude to her." 
"I can handle my own affairs; I don’t need anyone to worry about it. That’s it, don’t call me again." 
After hanging up the phone, Frank’s face was still gloomy. 
He pursed his lips, and his eyes were deep and serious. Judging from his facial expression, he seemed to have encountered something unpleasant. 
At this time, one of his subordinates came over and whispered a few words in his ear. 
Frank’s face changed slightly. He looked at Joanna and said, "I have something to deal with, so I can’t send you back. You..." 
"It’s okay, please attend to your business. Linda can take me home." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker, I can take Joanna home." 
Frank Parker pursed his lips. 
Joanna’s quick agreement and eager attitude for him to leave made him feel a little unhappy. 
It seemed like she still didn’t like him that much. 
* 
At the Parker family residence. 
After being hung up on by Frank, Lady Parker’s expression was somewhat unpleasant.
###Chapter 1594: Chapter 1052: Can’t Let Her Have Thoughts of Giving Up
By her side, Sunny Bridge looked at Lady Parker’s countenance, her heart sinking, her eyes filled with loss she asked, "Madam White, is Frank not coming home?" 
Lady Parker turned her head, took her hand, and sighed lightly: "I’m afraid he won’t be back today. He’s had an important issue at work that requires his personal attention, so there’s nothing he can do." 
"Sunny, you are so understanding. You must understand that for a man, his career is very important." 
Even if Sunny felt unhappy, she had to feign understanding and compassion, and with restrained displeasure, she nodded: "Madam White, I do understand." 
"What a good child." Lady Parker complimented her, "Frank needs a woman by his side who is both gentle and understanding. If you two could be together, that would be wonderful, then I wouldn’t have to worry about him being alone without a woman to care for him." 
Sunny was over the moon at her words, her expression shy, "Madam White, I, I am willing to care for Frank. But...it seems that he already has someone he likes, and it’s not me." 
"Even if I wanted to be by his side to look after him, he wouldn’t need me." 
"Who said that." Lady Parker chimed in, "Sunny, you are such a gentle, kind, and lovely girl, anyone who meets you would like you. There couldn’t be people who don’t like you, it’s not that Frank doesn’t like you, it’s just that he hates it when we meddle with his love life." 
"So even if you are wonderful, he will resist at first." 
"He doesn’t dislike you, but is protesting this way towards me and his father." 
Sunny was taken aback, and partly believed it. 
"Is that so?" She cheered up suddenly, "Frank is saying he doesn’t like me because of you and Mr. Rowlett?" 
"Mm, he’s my son, wouldn’t I understand him?" 
Lady Parker was deceiving Sunny. 
In fact, she was clearly aware that Frank indeed didn’t have much interest in Sunny. 
However, Lady Parker couldn’t tell her directly. 
Apart from this, she was rather satisfied with Sunny. 
The Bridge family, in terms of family status, was slightly inferior to the Parker family. 
But other than the declining Kelloway family, they were the most suitable match for the Parker family at present. 
The Luther family, the Heath family, and the Lancaster family were naturally matches in social and economic status, especially the Heath family. 
But, these families didn’t have any daughters.
Sunny was an only child, pampered from a young age, with a somewhat flawed character. 
Yet, to Lady Parker, this wasn’t a problem. 
This girl was completely besotted with her son, and while her temper might be bothersome to others, Lady Parker was sure she’d be a good girl towards her son. 
So Lady Parker needed to secure Sunny and stop her fromhaving thoughts of giving up. 
"So, erm, even if Frank likes me, he would pretend not to in order to compete with you?" 
"Mm." Lady Parker didn’t blink an eye while lying, and her face didn’t even turn red, "Sunny, the type of girl Frank has always liked, is someone like you. So how could he not like you? Trust me, he just says one thing and means another, deliberately opposing me and your uncle, Damien. " 
"Tomorrow night, I will surely bring him back. Afterwards, you two should spend more time together to cultivate your feelings. Anyway, you are the daughter-in-law I have in mind."
###Chapter 1595: Chapter 1053: I Hope You Can Be More Initiative
With Lady Parker’s words, Sunny Bridge regained confidence in herself. 
She knew that it was impossible for Frank Parker to not like her. 
Whoever she set her sights on, they would eventually submit to her charm. 
Although Frank Parker was different from those men who had pampered her before - he was more handsome, of higher status, and more aloof - conquering such a man would be a great achievement, wouldn’t it? 
Apart from her, who else could be better suited for him? 
Ever since she was a child, she had resolved to marry him. 
How could she give up on him so easily because of some setbacks? 
She determined to become Mrs. Parker! 
"Sunny, Frank has been spoiled by girls since he was a child. He is very proud when it comes to relationships, and has never actively pursued any girl. Even if he meets a girl he likes, he won’t take the initiative." 
"So, Madam White hopes that you can be more proactive. As the saying goes, men chasing women is like climbing a mountain, while women chasing men is like walking through a layer of gauze. If you can be more proactive, I believe Frank will be more passionate towards you." 
Sunny bit her lip with a shy expression, "But, but I don’t know how to be proactive. Aunt, I’ve never pursued a boy before." 
"It’s not difficult."
Lady Parker held her hand and gently shared her experience, "Men like virtuous and gentle women. Occasionally cook for him and take it to his company, frequently send him messages and call him to show your concern – he will know how you feel about him." 
"Can I really do that?" 
"Of course, you can. He’s my son, don’t I know him well? Frank likes gentle and virtuous women." 
"But, I don’t have Frank’s phone number." 
"I’ll give it to you, and his Twitter ID as well. This way, it’ll be easier for you two to interact more. The more you interact and communicate, the warmer he’ll be to you over time." 
Sunny looked into Lady Parker’s encouraging eyes, a hint of excitement swelling in her own, and nodded vigorously. 
* 
On the other side. 
Due to Mr. Green’s incident, both Joanna and Linda returned home early. 
As soon as Joanna arrived home, she received a video chat from Ashton Heath. 
Joanna opened the door, turned on the light in the entranceway, bent down to change into her slippers, and placed her keys on a nearby shelf. 
She accepted the video call while walking further inside. 
A second later, an incredibly handsome and deep face appeared in the Twitter video. The man’s features were sharply carved, making him so attractive that it could send one’s heart racing even without any beauty filter applied to the video. 
Joanna walked to the living room, sat on the sofa with a cushion in her arms, and lazily nestled into a corner of the sofa. 
"Just got home?", Ashton asked gently. 
"Mhm." Joanna told him about her evening’s plans, "After wrapping up work, I took Linda and my brother out for dinner, and then Linda and I went to sing for a while before coming back." 
She didn’t tell Ashton about Mr. Green’s incident. 
Since the situation was already resolved and she hadn’t been hurt, Joanna didn’t want to mention it and make him worry. 
"You should have a celebration dinner." Ashton had just taken a shower, and in the video, he had a towel wrapped around him, with droplets of water still dripping down his body. He held the phone in one hand and a towel in the other, wiping his hair.
###Chapter 1596: Chapter 1054: It seems I have to prepare well in advance
Even if the person in the video is her own husband. 
Though it wasn’t the first time for Joanna to see him like this, she still felt her heartbeat speed up when seeing her husband’s exceptional supermodel figure. 
It should be said that Ashton Heath’s body was even better than those models on the runway. 
If only this man weren’t her husband already. 
If only she hadn’t seen this scene so many times already. 
Joanna felt that she really couldn’t resist, maybe she might even get a nosebleed. 
"If I weren’t on a business trip, I would come over to celebrate with you," he said. 
"You’re on a business trip?" Joanna noticed that Ashton seemed to be in a hotel room. 
"Yes, I will be out for a few days. I will come to find you after this trip." 
"Jeremy’s birthday is in a few days," Joanna thought for a moment and said, "I better go back, and we can celebrate Jeremy’s birthday together." 
"So Jeremy is having a birthday?" 
"Yes." 
"Then your own birthday must be near too?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna and Jeremy were born in the same month and had birthdays just ten days apart. 
Ashton nodded with a smile, "Guess I need to prepare early." 
Joanna said with a smile, "What’s there to prepare? Birthdays are celebrated every year; it’s not a special day. I do want to pick a nice gift for Mom on my birthday, though. It was her day of suffering." 
Ashton chuckled, "This is the first birthday we spend together; it’s extraordinary and must be well-celebrated. As for choosing a gift for your mother, that’s obligatory. We’ll pick it together." 
Hearing him call her mother "mother-in-law," Joanna couldn’t help but laugh, "You call her mother-in-law quite smoothly." 
"Your mother is naturally my mother-in-law. There’s nothing to be shy about. I was also wondering, should we find some time to visit my other mother-in-law’s grave? You haven’t formally introduced me to her yet." 
Ashton was referring to Joanna’s late foster mother. 
She was also one of Joanna’s dearest family members. 
It was only when Ashton reminded her that Joanna realized she hadn’t taken him to pay respects at her mother’s grave. 
They were already married. 
She should take Ashton to pay his respects. 
The two chatted idly like this for over an hour before ending the video call. 
* 
When Annie heard the news that Mr. Green had been sent to the hospital after being attacked and suffering a concussion, she hurriedly found someone to inquire about the situation.
When she learned that Mr. Green was in the hospital because of Joanna, she couldn’t help but feel a little panicked. 
Frank Parker was the one who attacked him. 
That meant that Ashton Heath and Gary White would soon know about it too. 
Annie imagined the consequences, her face turning pale with fear. 
She had just gotten close to Mr. Green and gained some resources and exposure. 
If something happened to Mr. Green, would she have any good outcomes? 
Since she was signed under Mr. Green’s name, she would be impacted if he had any problems. 
Originally, she had lost the chance to audition and wanted to persuade Mr. Green to find a way to get her back in, but who would have thought this would happen. 
At that time, Annie had just finished a job. 
Jessica Foster told her, "The other people from the company have already gone to visit the hospital; you should go to the hospital now as well."
###Chapter 1597: Chapter 1055: I’ll Teach That Wretched Person a Good Lesson
If it weren’t for the interests involved, Annie would not care about Mr. Green’s life or death. 
Forced by the situation and for her own future, she had no choice but to give herself to Mr. Green. 
But in her heart, she felt absolutely disgusted by men like Mr. Green. 
However, as much as she was disgusted, she still had to maintain appearances. 
When other people in the company went to visit him, of course, she had to go too. 
* 
Before Annie’s visit, she already knew that Mr. Green had been badly beaten. 
But, when she saw Mr. Green’s face swollen like a pig’s head, almost beyond recognition, she was taken aback. 
She turned her head, looking at Jessica in horror. 
Jessica was also startled, having not expected Mr. Green to be beaten so badly. 
It seemed that young master of the Parker family had really used a heavy hand. 
After seeing Mr. Green, they understood even more profoundly why people said that it’s better to offend King Death than to mess with the young master of the Parker family. 
Because messing with the young master might send you to see King Death himself! 
Mr. Green had woken up by now. He groaned in pain in his sore body, making painful sounds continuously. 
His eyes were naturally small. 
After being beaten, his mung bean eyes looked even smaller, leaving only a slit. 
His face was full of swollen fat, making his facial features sink into it, making him look as ugly as possible. 
Annie took one look and felt utterly disgusted, but still had to suppress her nausea and walked towards him, concerned, "Mr. Green, it’s Annie, I’m here to see you. How are you feeling now? Are you better?" 
Hearing her voice, Mr. Green lifted his barely open eyes to look at her. 
Annie went to the bedside and sat down, picking up a glass of water from the bedside table, and softly asked, "Mr. Green, would you like a sip of water? I can help you." 
Mr. Green shook his head. 
Annie asked again, "What about food? Do you want something to eat? I can ask someone to buy it for you." 
Mr. Green still shook his head. 
Annie frowned, wondering what to say next when suddenly, the Mr. Green who had been lying in bed, gasping for breath, stretched out his hand and firmly grabbed her hand. 
Annie was startled, "Mr. Green... " 
"You, your sister..." Mr. Green spoke incoherently, taking two breaths between each phrase, and said intermittently, "Why didn’t you tell me she, she has a connection with Frank Parker." 
"Is she, is she Frank Parker’s woman?" 
Annie was startled and tried to pull her hand out, but Mr. Green held it tightly. 
It was unclear where he got the strength from. 
Looking half-dead, he held Annie’s hand with great force. 
"That, that bitch!" Mr. Green gritted his teeth, saying angrily, "It’s all because of her, I, I am so unlucky. I, I won’t let that bitch off." 
As he spoke, a trace of unusual color flashed quickly through Annie’s eyes. 
"You’re her sister, you must come up with a way to get that bitch to come out." Mr. Green’s facial expression was ferocious, and there was a ruthless look in his eyes, "I want to teach that bitch a good lesson." 
"If you can handle this matter for me, from then on, you’ll be the number one sister in the company. All the company’s resources, whatever you want, I’ll give it to you." 
Annie’s eyes brightened, looking at Mr. Green with joy. 
"Mr. Green, are you serious about what you said?" 
If she became the number one sister in the company, she wouldn’t have to worry about resources anymore. 
More importantly, at this point, she simply could not do anything about Joanna.
###Chapter 1598: Chapter 1056: Frank Parker Hits Someone
If someone wants to deal with Joanna Lawrence, she would support it one hundred percent. 
Annie Lawrence knew Mr. Green well. 
If Joanna fell into Mr. Green’s hands... 
A hint of vicious satisfaction flashed in Annie’s eyes, and she couldn’t wait to see that day come. 
* 
When Joanna woke up the next day, she found herself on the hot search again. 
Furthermore, she was on the hot search with Frank Parker. 
#FrankParkerJoanna##FrankParkerFuriousForLady##FrankParkerBeatsPeople##JoannaShowUpInNightclubAndWasHarassed# 
Someone had posted a video of Frank Parker beating someone up on the blog. 
In the video, the lighting was dim, but you could still see Frank Parker and Joanna. 
From the video, you could hear the wailing of Mr. Green being beaten. 
The person who uploaded the video used an alt account, titled: Mr. Parker of the Parker Family is Enraged for a Woman, publicly beating someone into the hospital. 
The person who invited the video blog account is called "An Upright Person", looking at the time, it was an alt account just registered that day. 
The one who could take the picture in the private room must have been someone in the room at that time. 
This video spread like wildfire. 
Frank Parker’s identity was already one that easily sparked heated discussion, being labeled as "affluent offspring beating people" accelerated the topic even more. 
Additionally, Joanna was involved. 
Joanna had frequently appeared on the hot search recently, and she was already a person who easily attracted attention. 
Especially, Frank Parker beat someone because of her. 
There were rumors about the two of them before. 
With all that, people paid even more attention to them. 
So-called "insiders" came out to expose that Frank Parker beat someone up because of Joanna, saying that Frank Parker was like a madman at that time, everyone in the private room was scared, no one dared to stop him, it was Joanna who eventually stopped him. 
"Do you know, with Mr. Parker’s temperament, nobody dared to hold him back at that moment. But when Joanna came over and pulled him away, telling him not to hit anymore, he really stopped." 
"Thinking back to the rumors about the two of them, and later they made a clarification saying they were just friends, I now feel that there might be something ambiguious between them. Anyway, Frank Parker’s reaction at that time was like his own woman had been bullied, not like he was just helping a friend." 
"Oh my God, Frank Parker in this video is so frightening. Is this that Intermittent Explosive Disorder acting up? That person wouldn’t be beaten to death by him, right?" 
"I think so, beating like this, he wouldn’t really kill the person, right?" 
"It’s too scary, even if he is handsome and rich, no one would dare to marry him. If they get married and argue about something later, suddenly the disease relapses, will they be beaten to death? I fear death, no matter how good the conditions are, I would stay far away from such a man." 
"Didn’t anyone stop him? They were just standing around, watching." 
"Didn’t you see people saying they were scared? There’s little reason during his violent outbursts, what if he hit someone who tried to help." 
"I feel Frank Parker was too emotional, it doesn’t seem like he was just helping a normal friend. Before, there were rumors that he and Joanna had an ambiguous relationship, now it seems..." 
"Frank Parker and Joanna’s boyfriend know each other, right? If he does have an ambiguous relationship with Joanna, wouldn’t that be betraying his brother?" 
As the hot searches #FrankParkerBeatsPeople##JoannaFrankParkerRumorRekindle# climbed higher and higher, they soon made it to the Top 3 Hot Search in 24 Hours.
###Chapter 1599: Chapter 1058: Cannot Be Affected Because of Him
If it were only a scandal about herself, Joanna wouldn’t care too much. 
After all, it wasn’t the first time she was being slandered. 
However, when it involved Frank, and a lot of people were misunderstanding Frank, she couldn’t just ignore it. 
Especially when she saw those posts saying how scary and sick Frank was, taking advantage of the Parker family’s power to bully others, Joanna felt that she had to make a clarification. 
She told Linda about it. 
Linda, who was present last night, naturally knew the truth. 
"We do need to make a clarification on this matter, or else it will be used against both you and Mr. Parker in the future. It will have a negative impact on both of you. Let the Public Relations Department handle it, and HE Company will post a clarification." 
"Don’t I need to do anything?" 
"Not yet, just wait for the company’s post first." 
"Okay." 
Since Linda said she could handle it, Joanna didn’t dwell on it anymore. 
* 
On Frank’s side, he had naturally seen the news as well. 
In his luxurious office, 
Frank leaned back in his black leather chair, his eyes slightly narrowed. After listening to his assistant’s report, a trace of coldness appeared in his narrow eyes. 
Assistant said: "Mr. Parker, should we let the Public Relations Department handle this matter? If public opinion continues to ferment, it will have an impact on you." 
The handsome man’s face had a careless look as he scoffed, "Impact, what impact?" 
"The blogs are pushing the narrative that you deliberately hurt someone. If we don’t explain, it will affect your reputation. And..." 
Frank raised his eyes, "And what?" 
"And, it will affect the lady who was with you." 
Frank’s indifferent expression changed slightly. 
He hadn’t planned on giving the general public an explanation, but now... 
If this would affect Joanna, he had to reconsider. 
He didn’t care what others thought of him. 
However, Joanna was a public figure, and her image couldn’t be affected. 
And she couldn’t be affected by him. 
After a moment of silence, Frank changed his mind and said, "Then let the Public Relations Department handle it properly." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker. I’ll arrange it right away." 
The assistant left quickly, 
Frank took out his cellphone and checked the blogs. Seeing those posts implying a romantic relationship between him and Joanna, he pursed his lips and read them over and over. 
His original intention was to help her. 
However, it seemed he had indeed caused her trouble. 
He didn’t care how others talked about him, but he didn’t want to hear a single bad word about her. 
The phone rang, 
Seeing that it was Yannick calling, Frank took a few seconds before he picked up. 
"Frank, what’s going on with the blogs? Did you hit someone?" 
Frank guessed that Yannick was calling about this matter: "Yes, it’s exactly what you saw." 
"Last night, were you with Joanna?" 
"I went there for business, not knowing in advance that she was there." 
"They’re saying it’s all because of Joanna that you hit someone, is it true?" 
"Yeah, someone was bullying her, and I couldn’t just sit back and watch." 
"Who was it? Mr. Green?" 
"Yes." 
"Damn, that old guy must have a death wish, daring to bully Joanna. Good job hitting him. If I were there, I would’ve beat him up too." 
"But..." Yannick changed the subject as if he had something else to say.
###Chapter 1600: Chapter 1059: Forget Her Sooner
"Just say what you want to say." Frank Parker raised an impatient eyebrow. "I hate it when people hesitate to speak their minds." 
"...Fine, I’ll just say it straight up." Yannick Luther wasn’t the type to beat around the bush either. After hearing Frank’s comment, he got straight to the point. "Frank, have you seen the news on the blog about you and sister-in-law?" 
"Do you know... what the netizens are saying about you and the sister-in-law?" 
Frank’s narrow eyes narrowed: "Hmm, I’ve seen them." 
"You’ve seen it? So what do you think?" 
"What do I think?" Frank Parker pursed his lips, sounding a bit indifferent. "None of what they’re saying is true, so why bother?" 
Yannick Luther: "We all know that those things aren’t true. But, if you continue to let people spread rumors about you and sister-in-law, do you think it’s okay? If Ashton sees those comments, do you think he won’t have any thoughts in his mind?" 
"What do you want me to do?" Frank Parker stood up and walked to the floor-to-ceiling window, opening the blinds slightly to let in some sunlight. He squinted at the outside world, "Should I clarify on the blog, or call Ashton and explain?" 
Yannick Luther: "..." 
"Frank, I just think that you should have less contact with sister-in-law in the future. Meet less, interact less, and maybe as time goes on, you might be able... to not like her so much. In that video on the internet, your reaction was indeed too intense, so it’s no wonder the netizens thought too much." 
"Even the netizens would think so, what about Ashton?" 
"If you think this is difficult, should I find you a few more beauties to help distract your attention?" 
"No need." 
Yannick Luther’s proposal was dismissed coldly by Frank Parker. 
He frowned, his eyes full of displeasure. "I’m not interested in those women right now." 
It was only now that Frank Parker realized that when you truly like someone, you lose interest in anyone else of the opposite sex. 
In fact, he didn’t want to get to know other women at all. 
Because his mind and heart were completely filled with one person. 
There was no more room to spare for anyone else. 
Even so. 
Looking back on his past reckless behavior, he felt disgusted. 
"But you..." 
"I know how to handle my own affairs. Is there anything else?" 
"...No." 
"Then I’ll hang up." 
"...Alright, I’ve said what I needed to say anyway. Since you know how to handle it, I won’t say anything more. Finally, Frank, really, really give up on any thoughts you have about sister-in-law and forget her as soon as possible." 
After saying this, Yannick Luther hung up the phone. 
Frank Parker listened to the click of the disconnected call and looked out the window at the tall buildings and passing vehicles and pedestrians, standing by the window for a long time. 
Forget her. 
It sounds so easy to say. 
He had tried, of course. 
But where could he simply forget her so easily? 
* 
Later that day, HE Company’s official blog released a clarification statement. 
The statement said that at the time, Joanna Lawrence was in danger, and Frank Parker stepped in to save her out of a sense of chivalry. Their presence in the same karaoke bar was coincidental rather than pre-arranged. The company asked netizens not to engage in baseless rumors, or else HE would take legal action against accounts spreading serious rumors. 
Not long after HE Company’s statement was released, the Parker Group’s official blog also posted a similar statement, echoing the same sentiments.
###Chapter 1601: Chapter 1060: He Wasn’t Really a Bad Guy to Begin With
It was said that Frank stepped in because he saw his friend being bullied by a bad guy, and his actions were all in self-defense. 
Soon after, a staff member of the karaoke bar also posted on his blog to clarify, revealing what happened that night. 
"I was the waiter in charge of serving that private room that night. What I saw was Ms. Joanna being harassed by a male guest. She wanted to leave, but the male guest used violence to force her to stay and intended to take advantage of her. It was only after Mr. Parker saw Joanna being bullied that he stepped in to help. The male guest kept attacking Mr. Parker, which was why he fought back." 
"Mr. Parker was trying to stop him, not purposely hurting the guy." 
Several minutes passed. 
Someone exposed the identity of Mr. Green. 
At the same time, many things about how Mr. Green used his status to take advantage of female artists under his company were revealed. 
His peculiar preferences were also exposed. 
There were several incidents where he abused female artists, 
In an instant, public opinion changed. 
"Holy shit, Mr. Green is so perverted and disgusting. Thankfully, Mr. Parker showed up in time. If Joanna ended up in his hands, I can’t even imagine the consequences." 
"I can confirm that the exposures are true. Mr. Green is really perverted. One of my friends met him during an audition, and his assistant hinted that if she wanted to pass the audition, she should go to his hotel." 
"Of course, my friend didn’t go. But another girl who was with her went. The next day, that girl returned, covered in bruises." 
"People like Mr. Green need to be put in their place by someone like Mr. Parker. If he killed that guy, it would be considered as ridding the people of a menace." 
"To be fair, Frank has been known to have a bad temper and not recognize anyone when he’s in a rage. But, in all these years, he’s only been involved in two fights. When he was a kid, he sent a classmate to the hospital. As it turns out, it wasn’t because he suddenly lost his temper. I heard that a male classmate was bullying a girl, and he couldn’t stand it, so he attacked. It’s similar to the reason this time; he only fought when helping others." 
"I also heard about that incident; a friend of mine went to the same school as Frank. Her version is similar to yours: he fought the boy because he was trying to help a girl in his class." 
"Wow, it seems that Frank is a good man." 
"He’s not a bad person, but because of his family background and status, there are many people who are jealous and afraid of him. That’s why there are those negative rumors. Compared to those playboys who act as if they are above the law because of their family’s money, he is actually one of the better scions of a wealthy family." 
"When you put it like that, he’s really a person with a strong sense of justice. Those who spread rumors about his affair with Joanna should delete their blog posts." 
Many netizens who claimed to be former schoolmates and classmates of Frank appeared one after another to testify that Frank had always been a righteous person who would step in to help when witnessing injustice. 
He helped Joanna partly because she was in a romantic relationship with his friend, 
On the other hand, it was because he couldn’t stand seeing a girl being bullied by a man.
###Chapter 1602: Chapter 1061: Miss Joanna, who are you looking for?
That is to say, even if what he saw at the time was not Joanna Lawrence being bullied by Mr. Green but another girl. 
He would certainly have helped. 
With this explanation, those topics discussing the ambiguous relationship between Joanna Lawrence and Frank Parker shattered on their own. 
The public opinion that Frank Parker deliberately injured people was also reversed. 
At the same time. 
Under Mr. Green’s brokerage company’s official blog, a large number of netizens poured in, all insulting Mr. Green. 
"You guys’ boss is a psycho, do you recognize it?" 
"This lousy company should just shut down. Don’t let your boss continue to harm the girls." 
"Did your boss die today? If not, I’ll ask again tomorrow." 
"Your boss is doomed. Do you know who the backer of our Joanna is? Just wait for your shitty company to go bankrupt." 
Many fans also left messages under Joanna Lawrence’s blog, caring about her. 
"Joanna, are you okay now? Last night really was thrilling. Fortunately, Mr. Parker showed up in time." 
"Joanna must’ve been scared. Hugs, we fans will always be with you." 
"Where’s the boyfriend? He should quickly rush to our Joanna’s side and comfort her." 
Joanna Lawrence watched as the public opinion on the blog gradually improved and couldn’t help taking a long breath of relief. 
It is worthy of the Parker Group, moving with such influence that public opinion was instantly reversed. 
"Were you at the karaoke bar and ran into Mr. Green last night?" 
A voice suddenly sounded from behind. Joanna Lawrence turned her head and saw Gary White coming. 
His expression wasn’t too good: "You were bullied at the karaoke bar and you didn’t even tell me." 
Gary White is also a part of this circle. 
Of course, he knows what kind of person Mr. Green is. 
So, knowing that Joanna Lawrence was bullied by Mr. Green, he was very angry. 
Joanna Lawrence put away her phone: "I feel the matter has already been resolved, I didn’t want to tell you and make you worry. Brother, don’t worry, I’m fine, aren’t I?" 
Gary White’s face was still a bit cold, his eyes darkened, and he dangerously said, "That old bastard dared to bully you, I won’t let him go." 
Joanna Lawrence remained silent. 
She suddenly remembered what Ashton Heath told her. Gary White was exceptionally, exceptionally good at manipulating the stock market. 
The sharp drop in the Kelloway Group’s stock price was all his doing. 
It was because of that, that the Kelloway Group was knocked out. 
Now, he says he won’t let Mr. Green go. 
It’s estimated that in a few days, news of a significant drop in Mr. Green’s company’s stock price will be out. 
Joanna Lawrence did not stop her own brother from wanting to seek revenge for her. 
She could not stop it. 
If Frank Parker hadn’t shown up in time that night, she, a girl, wouldn’t have been able to resist anything. 
* 
Parker Group building. 
Sunny Bridge, wearing a red miniskirt and ten-centimeter high heels, came down from a red Ferrari sports car holding a lunch box in her hand. 
She walked into Parker Group building with the lunch box. 
At the reception. 
The receptionists saw her dressed so elegantly and asked her politely: "Miss, who are you looking for?" 
"I’m looking for Frank, is he in the company?" Sunny Bridge looked at the receptionists, furrowed her brows, feeling a bit uncomfortable. 
Why do all the female employees in Frank’s company look so foxy?
They don’t seem to be proper women at all. 
Later, she would have to talk to Frank and ask him to replace all these inappropriate women.
###Chapter 1603: Chapter 1062: Since when did Mr. Parker have a fiancee?
Although she had not yet been with Frank Parker, given Lady Parker’s words, Sunny Bridge already considered herself half a Lady Boss. 
"Miss, are you here to see Mr. Parker?" 
Upon hearing her affectionate address for Frank Parker, receptionists hesitated for a moment, re-assessing her from head to toe. 
Sunny Bridge held her chin high: "Yes. Is he in the company?" 
"Mr. Parker is here, just..." 
"Just what?" Sunny Bridge impatiently cut in. 
"Just do you have an appointment, Miss. If you have an appointment, I can confirm it for you. If Mr. Parker agrees, you can head up." 
"Do I need an appointment to see my Frank?" Sunny Bridge’s face cooled instantly, and she asked with displeasure, "Do you know who I am?" 
The receptionists glanced at each other for a few seconds and shook their heads in unison, "Miss, may I ask what is your relationship with our Mr. Parker..." 
Sunny Bridge bore an air of arrogance: "I am Frank’s fiancée." 
"You are Mr. Parker’s fiancée?!" The few female staff were taken by surprise, revealing looks of amazement. 
Since when did Mr. Parker have a fiancee? 
But looking at Sunny Bridge’s attire, poise, and overall demeanor, they felt that she was not lying. 
Sunny Bridge came off as a wealthy young lady. 
This made them think. Perhaps, Frank really did have a fiancee. 
After all, it was normal for a man of Frank Parker’s age to have a fiancee. 
And not all wealthy families like to flaunt their affairs publicly. 
"Of course I am Frank’s fiancée. Why, do you think I’m lying? Would you like me to call Frank in front of you for confirmation?"
The reason Sunny Bridge lied about being Frank Parker’s fiancee was because she firmly believed she would eventually marry him. 
Thus, she had to let these restless women know her identity. 
And prevent them from entertaining inappropriate thoughts about Frank Parker. 
Seeing her haughty and arrogant demeanor, none of the female staff doubted her lie. 
They treated Sunny Bridge with even more respect, and there was a hint of reverence in their politeness. 
"Miss, please head upstairs. Mr. Parker is up there." 
Sunny Bridge lightly hummed, picked up the lunch box in her hand, turned her back on them, and left with an air of arrogance. 
After she left. 
The female staff started discussing among themselves. 
"Is that really Mr. Parker’s fiancée? Letting her go up without confirmation, wouldn’t it be inappropriate?" 
"Should be. She doesn’t look like she’s lying." 
"But doesn’t Mr. Parker like Ms. Rebecca? How could he be engaged to another woman? I thought he would definitely marry Ms. Joanna in the future." 
"The Kelloway family is not in good shape now, even if Mr. Parker still likes Ms. Rebecca, his family would not approve." 
"Indeed, regarding the current Kelloway family, not to mention our Mr. Parker, even any slightly decent families would not want to take them in." 
* 
When Frank Parker heard the knock on the door, he thought it was his assistant and without looking up, he said, "Come in." 
The office door creaked open. 
The sound of high heels clicking on the floor could be heard, followed by a gentle, sweet voice: "Frank." 
Sunny Bridge walked into the office with a lunch box. Seeing Frank Parker, her heartbeat quickened, and she called out to him softly. 
In front of the black office desk. 
The man who had been reading a document tensed up, slowly lifting his head.
###Chapter 1604: Chapter 1063: I Have a Woman I Like
Seeing Sunny Bridge standing in the office, the man’s face changed, and his expression didn’t look too pleasant. 
"How did you get here? Who let you in?" Frank Parker’s cold voice carried a hint of anger, and his face darkened. 
Sunny Bridge was taken aback, glancing at his face, feeling a bit afraid. 
"Frank, can’t I come and see you?" She bit the corner of her lip, her eyes filled with a touch of grievance, and her voice was full of resentment. "I thought you must be very tired working in the company, so I personally cooked some soup to bring over." 
"It’s the first time I’ve ever cooked." 
At this point, Sunny Bridge felt even more aggrieved. 
"For the sake of making this soup, I even burnt my finger. Look at this big blister." She said while stretching out her hand; indeed, there was a blister on her fair finger. "Frank, it hurts so bad. But it’s all worth it for you." 
"Frank, this is the first time I’ve cooked in my life. Please taste the soup and see if it’s good. I’ll serve you a bowl." 
Sunny Bridge thought about what Lady Parker had said about Frank Parker liking gentle and virtuous women, so she wanted to show him this side in front of Ashton Heath. 
Ignoring Frank Parker’s gloomy face, she walked to the desk and put down the lunch box. 
As she was about to open it, she heard an extremely cold voice: "Take your things and leave my office." 
Sunny Bridge was surprised and looked up: "Frank." 
Frank Parker’s expression was extremely cold, and his eyes were filled with impatience: "Didn’t hear me clearly? Do you want me to say it again? Leave my office immediately." 
"Frank." Sunny Bridge’s eyes widened, a shocked expression on her face, "I came here specially to see you." 
"Sunny Bridge." Frank Parker looked impatient and didn’t leave any room for her feelings, "I thought I made it clear, and you should understand it in your heart. It seems I have to tell you again." 
"No matter what the Parker family and your Bridge family think, I will never obey an arranged marriage alliance with any woman, unless it’s someone I choose myself. I am not interested in you, and you are not my type."
"No matter what you do, it won’t change anything." 
"So, I advise you not to waste your time on these pointless things anymore. I don’t want to be too harsh, but from now on, don’t come looking for me, and I won’t see you either." 
"You may leave now." 
After hearing his words, Sunny Bridge looked at him incredulously. 
"Frank, is everything you said true? You really... don’t like me?" 
But Lady Parker had clearly stated that she was his type. 
Frank Parker’s eyes were filled with indifference and estrangement: "I have no interest in you. Don’t waste any more effort on me; it’s meaningless." 
Fearing that Sunny Bridge would continue to pester him, and unwilling to give her any hope, he said coldly: "I already have a woman I like, and I won’t marry any other woman besides her. She is the only one in my heart, and there is no room for a second woman. So, Sunny Bridge, you’re not bad yourself; find a man who suits you, and don’t waste your time on me anymore." 
After saying that, Frank Parker called his assistant in. 
"Please take Miss Bridge out. Also, inform Human Resources and the Finance Department that all the receptionists working today are fired. If anyone dares to let someone in without permission in the future, fire them immediately." 
After giving the order, Frank Parker never looked at Sunny Bridge again and continued working on his documents.
###Chapter 1605: Chapter 1064: This is my business, and it has nothing to do with you.
Sunny Bridge’s face turned deathly pale in an instant. 
"Frank, do you really have someone you like?" She clenched her fists, unwilling to believe it. 
Frank Parker didn’t even lift his head: "I’ve made myself clear. You can leave now." 
"Who is she? Who is that woman?" 
Sunny was unwilling and discontented to believe it. 
She couldn’t believe that there could be someone more suitable for Frank Parker than herself. 
"Is it Rebecca Kelloway?" Suddenly, Sunny thought of someone, and her face turned ugly. 
How could she have forgotten about Rebecca Kelloway. 
Always prideful, Sunny thought that no woman had better conditions than her. 
But she still held Rebecca Kelloway in high esteem. 
However, that was before the Kelloway family fell from grace. 
Now, Rebecca Kelloway’s conditions were no longer considered good. 
Could it be that he still likes Rebecca Kelloway now? 
Looking at his indifferent expression, Sunny felt deeply hurt. She couldn’t help but ask, "Frank, is the woman you like Rebecca Kelloway? But now the Kelloway family is no match for the Parker family. You two can’t possibly be together. Sir and Madam Parker will never agree to your relationship." 
"I heard from my dad that the Kelloway family might go bankrupt this time. Even the Heath family didn’t get involved in their affairs. Frank, you won’t want to take over the Kelloway family’s mess, will you?"
"This is my business, and it has nothing to do with you." 
Frank Parker frowned, and his patience seemed to be running out. He said to his assistant in a deep voice, "What are you still standing there for? Take her out." 
"Yes, Mr. Parker." 
Seeing Frank’s change in expression, the assistant dared not delay any longer. He immediately turned to Sunny and said, "Miss, please follow me out. Don’t disturb Mr. Parker’s work anymore." 
Sunny tightly pursed her lips, her face looking very ugly. 
She wanted to lose her temper badly. 
But she remembered that Lady Parker had once said that Frank liked gentle and virtuous women. He liked obedient girls and didn’t like girls with overly dominant and irritable personalities. 
Although Sunny was filled with anger, she held back for the sake of not leaving a bad impression on Frank. 
"Then, Frank, I... I’ll go first. Don’t work too hard or tire yourself out. Drink some of the soup I made for you when you have a chance. The soup is very nourishing. I..." 
"Take it away." The man didn’t even raise his head, his voice cold. 
"What?" 
"Take everything you brought with you. I don’t need it." 
Noticing the pink lunchbox on the desk, the assistant immediately understood and picked it up, asking, "Miss, is this yours?" 
Sunny bit her lip, her eyes red with a sense of injustice. 
She was the only daughter of the Bridge family, having been pampered since she was little. 
She had never had to deal with such feelings of humiliation, except with Frank. For a moment, she felt extremely wronged and heartbroken. 
There were plenty of men around her who fawned over and tried to please her. 
Only Frank Parker didn’t treat her seriously. 
But ironically, she had fallen for Frank so deeply that, despite his coldness, she still liked him very much. 
She still wanted to marry him and become his wife. 
Sunny stood there, her eyes red, looking at Frank for a while before grabbing the pink lunchbox from the assistant’s hand and turning away, covering her mouth to sob as she ran off. 
From beginning to end, Frank Parker never looked up at her once. 
* 
After leaving Parker Group, Sunny Bridge sat alone in her car for a long time, crying.
###Chapter 1606: Chapter 1065: Deliberately Stirring Things Up
She couldn’t understand. 
What wasn’t good enough about her? Why was Frank Parker so cold towards her? 
For the first time in her life, she cooked for a man, just to be looked down upon like this. 
She had never done these things for any other man. 
But he didn’t appreciate it at all. 
Sunny Bridge had never experienced such setbacks and grievances before, she was crying bitterly alone in the car. 
Her eyes were red and swollen from crying when her phone suddenly rang. 
It was a call from her best friend. 
Sunny wiped her tears and picked up the phone. 
"Sunny, you told me before that your family and the Parker family intended to bring you and Frank Parker together. Are you two together now?" 
Upon hearing Frank’s name, Sunny’s heart felt another wave of pain. Biting her lip, she said sadly, "Why do you ask that?" 
"Sunny, are you crying? Have you seen today’s news?" Her best friend was surprised to hear her choking voice. 
Sunny wiped her tears: "What news?" 
"It’s about Frank Parker and that Entertainment Industry Newcomer’s scandal. But don’t be too upset, after all, it’s just a rumor, and it might not be true. Perhaps that newcomer wants to take advantage of his popularity and intentionally made someone create the hype." 
Sunny was stunned. 
A few seconds later, she came to her senses, and her face turned awful: "You mean, Frank is involved in a scandal with an Entertainment Industry Newcomer?" 
"What, you don’t know about this?" 
"I don’t know, I don’t follow the messy affairs of the entertainment industry." 
"Well, you can go check it out now. Any later, and you might not be able to see anything. Frank Parker even protects that newcomer quite a bit, taking down all the hot search items related to her. I’ve seen it already, that newcomer is named Joanna Lawrence, and she’s indeed quite attractive." 
"Not only did she have a scandal with Frank Parker, but she also had a scandal with Gary White, Maddox Allenson, and even Kelvin Norman. In short, looking at her appearance, she doesn’t seem like a well-behaved person, and might be planning to rely on her face to latch onto someone rich." 
"And this isn’t the first time Frank has had a scandal with her; it has been rumored several times before. For her sake, Frank even beat up the CEO of a brokerage company at a karaoke bar last night, sending him to the hospital. Sunny, I made this call to tell you to watch out for that siren if you’re really with Frank." 
After hanging up the phone, Sunny’s face looked terrible as she opened her Blog. 
She had registered a Blog, but seldom used it. 
After entering the Blog, she followed her best friend’s instructions and typed in the search bar "Frank Parker Joanna Lawrence’s intriguing rumor." 
Soon, many related blog posts popped up. 
Sunny spent more than ten minutes browsing before searching for Joanna’s Blog. 
Joanna’s Blog profile picture was a cat. After clicking on her Blog, Sunny found several selfies Joanna had taken before. 
In the photos, Joanna was almost makeup-free. 
And she directly posted selfies taken with a regular camera. 
Not many female celebrities could do this. 
And not many female celebrities dare to post selfies taken with a regular camera. 
However, because of this, after looking at those photos, Sunny was so jealous that her facial expressions were distorted. 
Other female celebrities’ makeup-free photos taken by fans or passers-by had a significant difference from their photos with makeup on.
###Chapter 1607: Chapter 1066: Is She Joanna Lawrence?
That’s why female celebrities rarely show their bare faces. 
However, Joanna Lawrence’s bare face photos actually added points for her. 
As a woman herself, Sunny Bridge could naturally tell whether the photos Joanna posted were truly bare-faced or fake. 
She clenched her phone, looking at the woman in the picture who was still breathtakingly beautiful even with her bare face and unedited, and her lips tightened as her face darkened considerably. 
She had always thought that when Frank Parker said he had a crush on a woman, it was Rebecca Kelloway. 
To think it was actually a newcomer in the entertainment industry. 
Just as her best friend had said, this newcomer seemed like a siren at first glance. 
If she looks like this, isn’t she just going around seducing men? 
She can seduce anyone for all she cares. 
But if she dares to seduce Frank, she won’t be polite. 
* 
After dealing with the hot search situation, Joanna continued filming at the film crew. 
During a break, she saw a crew member coming towards her. 
The crew member stopped in front of her and said, "Miss Joanna, someone is looking for you." 
Joanna, who was reading the script, looked up, "Someone is looking for me?" 
"Yes."
"Did you ask who it is?" 
"Two young ladies, they said they were your friends." 
"My friends?" 
Joanna frowned slightly, with a hint of confusion in her eyes. 
She closed the script. 
As soon as she closed the script, she saw two women walking towards her. 
They were two young-looking women dressed up like wealthy young ladies, accompanied by a crew member. 
"The two young ladies you just mentioned, are they them?" 
Seeing the two girls coming towards her, Joanna asked the crew member. 
"Yes." 
The crew member’s answer made Joanna even more confused. 
Because she didn’t know either of the two girls. 
Soon, the two girls walked up next to her. 
One of them was wearing a pink dress, holding the latest luxury platinum bag, looking very arrogant. She looked down at Joanna and said, "Is this Joanna Lawrence?" 
The girl’s tone was very arrogant, and her eyes were full of contempt when she looked at Joanna. 
The crew member who brought them over was about to introduce them, but Joanna spoke up first, "I am Joanna Lawrence. May I ask what you want with me?" 
As soon as she finished speaking, the woman in the pink dress raised her hand. 
Joanna was experienced and quickly dodged to the side as the woman’s hand came down. 
The girl slapped the air in anger, and glared at Joanna, "You shameless siren, how dare you dodge!" 
After confirming the other party’s intention to cause trouble, Joanna’s face instantly darkened. 
Nina’s face also turned cold, and she immediately stepped forward to confront them, "Who are you guys? Are you sure you got the right person? This is not a place for you to make a scene. If you continue like this, I’ll call security." 
"You get out of the way and let the siren Joanna come out and talk." The girl in the pink dress was Sunny Bridge’s friend, who had come to the film crew with Sunny to teach Joanna a lesson for being a "siren." 
Her slap had missed, and her face was a little ugly. 
Faced with Nina’s questioning, her attitude was extremely arrogant, pointing her finger at Nina’s nose, "What are you? You’re protecting that siren. This has nothing to do with you, get out of the way, or I won’t be polite to you later."
###Chapter 1608: Chapter 1067: Dare to Touch Her and See What Happens
Nina, furious, also pointed her finger at her: "What are you then? This is the film crew, not a place for you to make a scene. Joanna is not a siren, you are a siren." 
The pink-dress woman was also from a wealthy family. 
She was like a lady boss in school. 
There was no way she could tolerate being scolded by Nina. 
Suddenly, her face changed, and she angrily reached out to slap Nina. 
Her hand was still in mid-air when someone grabbed it. 
Joanna Lawrence stepped out from behind Nina. 
The woman’s wrist was grabbed, and her face crumpled in pain as she struggled to break free. 
"Ah, it hurts! You bitch, let go!" 
She saw Joanna, and struggled even harder to free her hand. 
Joanna sneered coldly, watching her struggle for a while, until the woman was in so much pain that she cried out. Only then did Joanna forcefully push her hand away. 
The woman staggered back a few steps, nearly falling to the ground. 
Luckily, Sunny Bridge caught her. 
After she steadied herself, the woman looked at her reddened wrist, gritted her teeth, and said, "Sunny, this siren is too arrogant, you can’t let her go." 
Sunny couldn’t bear to see her best friend being bullied like this. 
She turned her head and looked at Joanna with a gloomy expression: "You’re just an Entertainment Industry Newcomer. You think I won’t block your career with just one word?" 
"You think that by hooking up with a few men using your looks, they’ll protect you and let you do whatever you want?" 
"Do you know who we are?" 
Joanna looked at her coldly: "I don’t care who you are, or why you came here to act crazy. Now, please leave immediately, or I’ll call someone to force you out." 
"You’re saying we’re crazy?" Sunny Bridge didn’t know any of Joanna’s background, assuming she was just a small newcomer who could be bullied at will. 
To her, Joanna’s attitude was arrogance to the extreme. 
For this kind of arrogant and scheming siren attempting to seduce her brother Frank, Sunny naturally had to teach her a lesson. 
"You shameless woman, who gave you the guts to be so arrogant?! You know who I am, and yet you dare to speak to me like this." 
Joanna remained expressionless: "Of course I know who you are." 
Sunny hesitated for a moment, then coldly said, "Since you know who I am, you should kneel down and apologize to me and Bailey. If your attitude is good enough, maybe I can forgive you this time."
"Otherwise, you won’t be able to bear the consequences!" 
"It seems that Greenfield Psychiatric Hospital didn’t lock their doors well, letting you two run out. Nina, quickly make a call, tell the hospital that their patients have come to our film crew, and ask them to send someone to take these two patients back." 
Nina cooperated, saying, "Okay, I’ll call right away." 
It took a few seconds for Sunny and her friend to realize that Joanna was calling them crazy. 
Greenfield Psychiatric Hospital was a well-known local psychiatric hospital. 
Joanna was indirectly saying they were lunatics. 
Realizing this, both of them looked extremely upset. 
"You bitch, you’re looking for death!" 
Sunny was so angry that she raised her hand to slap Joanna. 
"You’re the one looking for death. Try touching her and see what happens." Gary White suddenly appeared, intercepting Sunny’s hand.
###Chapter 1609: Chapter 1068 - I Must Teach a Lesson Today
Sunny Bridge’s eyes suddenly turned red in pain. She raised her head, opened her mouth to curse, but was stunned when she saw Gary White and widened her eyes in surprise. 
She called out to Gary White: "Frank." 
Gary White frowned at the name and said coldly, "Who are you? What are you yelling about?" 
"Frank, I’m Sunny. My name is Sunny Bridge. Do you remember? We had dinner together." 
Sunny Bridge? 
Of course, Gary White had no impression of her. 
But he was impressed by the Bridge surname. 
He stared at Sunny Bridge for a few seconds before slowly releasing his grip. 
Once free, Sunny Bridge immediately pointed at Joanna Lawrence’s nose and started cursing: "Frank, is this shameless woman an actress in your film crew? Kick her out immediately. Don’t use her again." 
Frank Parker’s face turned cold: "Sunny Bridge, watch your mouth. This is my film crew, and I won’t tolerate any trouble." 
Sunny said, "Frank, have you been bewitched by her? You’re even speaking up for her. Do you know how shameless this woman is? She seduced you, and now she wants to seduce Frank too. Frank is my man. Where can he tolerate a shameless bitch like her? If this bitch isn’t taught a proper lesson, she’ll never know her place." 
"I don’t want to cause trouble in your film crew either, but this bitch, I have to teach her a lesson today." 
After finishing her enraged rant, she realized something was wrong and looked up to see Gary White staring at her coldly. 
His gaze was so frigid she couldn’t help but shiver. 
"Joanna Lawrence is my sister. By insulting her in front of me, are you disregarding the White family?" 
Sunny Bridge’s face changed instantly: "Frank, she, she has a different last name. How can she be..." 
"I don’t care what your relationship with Frank Parker is. My sister, Gary White, isn’t interested in him. If you dare to slander Joanna again or say anything bad about her, I’ll make you leave here crying. And don’t call me Frank anymore. I, Gary White, don’t have a wild sister like you, so don’t randomly make up relations with me." 
"I have a sister, and she’s a million times better than you!" 
Sunny Bridge’s face turned extremely ugly. 
She slowly turned her head to face Joanna Lawrence, her face green: "The sister you’re talking about... is her? Gary White, do you know she..." 
"Shut up." 
Gary White’s eyes revealed a hint of sharpness: "Say half a bad word about her, and I’ll tear your mouth apart." 
Sunny Bridge’s eyes widened in shock and fear. 
Although Gary White wasn’t gentle or approachable, he was quite the gentleman when it came to women. 
Sunny Bridge couldn’t believe he would say such things. 
After Gary White finished speaking, he turned to his assistant: "Call security over and kick them out." 
He said "kick." 
So he wasn’t giving Sunny Bridge and her companion any face. 
Sunny Bridge’s face was initially green, but it turned white when she heard Gary White’s words. 
Soon, the assistant called over several security guards. 
Sunny Bridge, furious, shouted: "Gary White, you treat the Bridge family’s daughter like this for a woman like her, I’ll definitely tell my Dad, let him go to the White family to ask your parents for an explanation." 
"You just wait." 
Gary White only responded coldly with two words: "Feel free." 
Then he had the security guards escort her and the other woman away.
###Chapter 1610: Chapter 1069: The Parker Family and the Bridge Family May Be Planning a Marriage Alliance
"I guess so." After Gary White watched Sunny Bridge leave, he turned back and said, "The Bridge family isn’t in Closia, but they hold great power in other places. Our family has some business dealings with the Bridge family, so we’ve met a few times in the past." 
"That girl just now should be the Bridge family’s only daughter. They have only one daughter, so they spoil her a lot, which has led to her arrogant and domineering character. She must have some misunderstanding about you, so she came to find you." 
Gary quickly thought of Joanna Lawrence and Frank Parker’s rumors, and said, "She should have seen those rumors about you and Frank Parker on the internet. I heard that the Bridge family wants to develop their main business in Closia, so the whole family has moved here." 
"It seems that the Parker family and the Bridge family might be planning a marriage alliance. Otherwise, Sunny wouldn’t have run to the film crew to make a fuss."
After hearing this, Joanna nodded in comprehension. 
So she’s an arrogant wealthy young lady. 
She thought about Sunny’s personality and Frank’s personality, and it seemed that she already saw their post-marriage days filled with chaos. 
But... 
Frank was fond of Rebecca Kelloway, wasn’t he? 
He should not like a girl with Sunny’s character, and Joanna didn’t think that Frank would be the kind of person willing to obediently follow his family’s arrangements. 
If he doesn’t like Sunny... 
Even if his family arranges a marriage alliance for him, he wouldn’t agree, right? 
Joanna thought about the rumors surrounding her and Frank and felt a little annoyed. 
She didn’t know why people always liked to spread rumors about her and Frank having an ambiguous relationship. 
"I will talk to the Bridge family about this." Gary White said solemnly, "No matter what reason she came to the film crew to cause trouble, she dared to do this to you, and I must get an explanation from the Bridge family for you." 
"Brother, there’s no need for that. She’s already gone. She didn’t cause me any real harm, so there’s no need to let such a trivial matter affect the relationship between the White and Bridge families." 
Upon knowing that the White and Bridge families had business dealings, Joanna felt it was better to leave things as they were. 
She didn’t want her situation to affect the relationship between the two families. 
The matter hadn’t escalated that seriously yet. 
"Why not?" Gary White’s attitude was firm. "Can my daughter from the White family be bullied by the Bridge family’s daughter? Don’t worry about this, I know how to handle it." 
"But..." Joanna still wanted to persuade him. 
"Alright, Joanna. Your next scene is about to start soon, so better prepare for it." Gary White didn’t give her any chance to refuse and left after saying those words. 
Joanna: "..." 
Forget it. 
If her brother wanted to stand up for her, just let him do it. 
Since he wasn’t worried about the business between the two families, she naturally had nothing to worry about either. 
Going to the Bridge family to clarify would be good as well. 
Joanna didn’t want Sunny to come back later. It wasn’t that she was afraid of Sunny, but she didn’t want to deal with those messy matters. 
* 
The matter with Sunny was like a small insert song; it had some impact on Joanna, but not much. 
However, when Frank found out that Sunny had gone to the film crew to find Joanna, he was furious. 
Lady Parker called him and asked him to come home for dinner that night. 
Knowing that Sunny would also be there, Frank agreed.
###Chapter 1611: Chapter 1070: Mr. Ashton is Truly Handsome
After finishing work in the evening, Frank Parker drove back to Calm House. 
Like Ashton Heath, he had his own dwelling and didn’t reside in Heath Villa. 
He would occasionally return home for a meal. 
Lady Parker only had one son, Frank Parker. 
As such, he was greatly adored and pampered from a young age. Even though Frank wasn’t home frequently, Lady Parker always prepared meticulously for his occasional visits. 
"Madam, Mr. Ashton has returned," a maid informed while Lady Parker was in the kitchen. 
"Frank is back?" Lady Parker was overjoyed. She instructed the kitchen staff, "Mr. Ashton has returned, hurry up. Dish up the soup I prepared. It’s such a hot day, it will bring him some relief." 
"By the way, Sunny," Lady Parker turned to Sunny Bridge, who stood by her side, and held her hand, "You should bring the soup to Frank." 
Sunny was quite thrilled to hear about Frank’s return. However, recalling his indifference and alienation towards her from the previous day, she couldn’t help but feel uneasy. 
"Aunt, wouldn’t Frank be displeased to see me here?" Sunny asked apprehensively. 
"Why would he be?" 
Lady Parker laughed and said, "He’d be delighted. Moreover, you’re my guest here. It doesn’t matter whether he is happy about it or not." 
"But..." Sunny’s thoughts drifted to Joanna Lawrence, and a chill ran down her spine. 
Joanna, that siren. 
Just as the rumors had suggested, she was involved with Gary White. 
Yesterday, Gary even defended her, justifying that she was his sister. 
That shameless hussy relied on her looks to entice men everywhere. 
Deplorable. Slut! 
Frank Parker was her man. She would never let any siren steal him away. 
She had to seize an opportunity to teach that shameless hussy a severe lesson. 
"Listen to me, Sunny. Are you saying you don’t want to marry Frank?" 
Sunny instantly shook her head, "Of course not." 
"In that case, listen to me. As your aunt, I won’t lead you astray." 
Sunny pursed her lips and stayed silent for a few seconds before shyly nodding her head. 
* 
"Good evening, Mr. Ashton." 
When Frank Parker stepped into the drawing-room, all the maids greeted him respectfully. 
After giving their greetings, they sneakily gazed up at him before blushing and quickly averting their eyes. 
Mr. Ashton was exceptionally handsome. 
Even though they had worked at Calm House for years and had seen Frank countless times, their hearts would always race at the sight of him. 
Everyone knew that Frank had a quick temper. 
This was particularly well-known within Calm House. 
As such, everyone respected and feared him. Nonetheless, this did not prevent the maids from having a soft spot for him. 
Apart from his temperament. 
Frank Parker indeed had an extraordinarily attractive appearance. 
He took after Lady Parker. 
And both Lady Parker and Lady Octavia were renowned well-bred beauties in their youth. 
Upon entering the drawing-room, Frank surveyed his surroundings and casually asked a maid, "Where’s Madam? I haven’t seen her." 
The maid replied, "Madam is in the kitchen preparing dinner for you, Mr. Ashton." 
"There’s really no need for such fuss. The kitchen staff could have just whipped up something simple." 
As soon as Frank finished speaking, he heard Lady Parker’s voice from behind him. 
Warmly, Lady Parker called out, "Frank, you’re back. Are you hungry? Thirsty?" 
Sunny Bridge followed closely behind Lady Parker. 
She was holding a bowl of soup.
###Chapter 1612: Chapter 1071: Should I Not Have Come?
When she saw Frank Parker, her heart raced uncontrollably, and her eyes were somewhat infatuated as they focused on him. 
Frank knew that Sunny Bridge was going to be there tonight as well. 
Therefore, when he saw her standing behind Lady Parker, he wasn’t surprised at all. 
His gaze passed over Lady Parker and landed directly on Sunny; his narrow phoenix eyes narrowed as if he were about to laugh, "Mom, do we have guests tonight?" 
Lady Parker noticed his gaze and looked back as well, then chuckled, "Yes, your sister Sunny came over. She heard that you’re coming back tonight, so she prepared a refreshing broth for you early in the morning. She really put a lot of thought into it, considering she’s never cooked before." 
While she was talking, Lady Parker winked at Sunny. 
Sunny immediately caught on and walked towards Frank with the bowl of soup, "Frank, you must be thirsty. This broth is ice-chilled, give it a try." 
Frank Parker glanced at it but did not reach out to take it. 
Sunny kept holding the bowl, and when Frank still didn’t accept it, her expression on her face inevitably became a bit stiff. 
"Brother Frank..." she couldn’t help but call out. 
"Frank, this is the soup Sunny prepared for you. Hurry up and take a sip," Lady Parker couldn’t help but speak up as she saw that he had no reaction. 
Frank Parker raised his eyes but still didn’t reach for the bowl of soup. His tone was noticeably distant, "Miss Bridge went to great lengths for this, but I’m not thirsty, so you should drink it yourself." 
After saying that, he walked past her. 
Sunny’s face turned a bit ugly as she held the bowl of soup. 
Lady Parker glanced at her and hurriedly comforted her, "Sunny, Frank might really not be thirsty. You just give the soup to the maid, let’s eat dinner first." 
Sunny bit her lip in grievance, "Madam White, does Brother Frank not like me being here? I... I shouldn’t have come." 
"Who said that," Lady Parker reached out to touch her head, soothing her softly, "Sunny, don’t think too much about it. He’s always like this, it’s not because of you. Come on, let’s go to the dining room." 
Sunny felt very wronged, but she didn’t want Lady Parker to think she was petty. 
She could only swallow her grievances and follow Lady Parker to the dining room. 
* 
Frank Parker changed and came downstairs. 
By the time he reached the dining room, Lady Parker and Sunny Bridge were already seated. 
Upon seeing Frank, Lady Parker waved at him, "Frank, come sit over here." 
The seat she arranged for Frank was next to Sunny. 
Frank glanced at the seat, and the corner of his mouth twitched slightly. He walked straight to the seat across from them and sat down. 
Lady Parker frowned but couldn’t say anything about it. 
Sunny could tell that Frank was avoiding her. She clenched her teeth, both angry and wronged, her eyes beginning to redden. 
A moment later. 
The maid served dinner on the table. 
The dishes on the table were all Frank’s favorites. 
Lady Parker used a fork to serve a piece of food into Frank’s bowl, her gaze warm as she said, "Frank, try this. I remember you really like this dish, try it and see how it tastes." 
Frank picked up his fork and tasted a bite. 
Lady Parker immediately asked, "How is it? Is it good?" 
"Yeah, it’s okay," he responded. 
"Then try this one." Lady Parker served another piece of food into his bowl with her fork.
###Chapter 1613: Chapter 1072: I’m telling the truth; why should I apologize?
In her expectant gaze, Frank Parker took another bite. 
Just tasting the flavor, Frank realized that this dish was not at the same level as the previous one. 
"How is it, is it good?" Lady Parker asked again. 
Next to him, Sunny Bridge was looking at him with anticipation. 
Frank immediately understood what was going on. 
He put down his fork, picked up the napkin on the table, and leisurely wiped the corner of his mouth. 
"Mom." 
After a while, as Lady Parker was about to put more food onto Frank’s plate, he stopped her with a raised hand. 
His narrow, phoenix-like eyes were half-closed, and he said coldly, "You don’t have to bother with all this. I came back today to tell you in person, don’t even think about trying to bring Sunny and me together anymore." 
"I’m not interested in women like her." 
Looking at Sunny’s suddenly pale face, Frank didn’t bother to consider her feelings at the moment, and continued coldly, "What, the Bridge family’s daughter can’t get married, so you keep trying to sell her to our Parker family?" 
"Frank, what the hell are you talking about?" Lady Parker’s face changed immediately and she frowned. "How could you say something so outrageous? You apologize to Sunny right now." 
"Apologize?" 
Frank stared at Sunny expressionlessly, his eyes full of disgust. "I’m just stating the facts. Why should I apologize? Sunny, I thought I made it clear to you. Did you think that pestering me like this would be useful?" 
"My lifelong decision can only be made by myself, and no one else can decide for me. Do you think that pleasing my mom is useful? That you can marry into the Parker family?" 
Lady Parker’s face looked awful: "Enough, Frank, don’t say any more." 
"Sunny is a guest, and I invited her to our home. How could you say such outrageous things to her?" 
"Guest?" Frank sneered coldly. "She’s your guest, not mine. If she’s going to be in this house in the future, don’t bother calling me back." 
"Also." 
Frank half-closed his eyes, the coldness in his gaze fixed on a pale-faced Sunny, and his voice without any warmth: "Sunny Bridge, I’m warning you, if you dare to go find Joanna Lawrence again, don’t blame me for being rude to you." 
Sunny had been enduring it the whole time. 
But when she heard the three words "Joanna Lawrence", she couldn’t bear it any longer. 
She raised her head abruptly, her eyes red and furious. "So all those rumors online are true. You really like this woman, don’t you?" 
"She’s just a minor actress, and she’s even had ambiguous relationships with so many men. What’s so special about her that you like her? Frank, even if you’re still in love with Rebecca Kelloway now, it’s better than liking that kind of woman. You..." 
There was a sudden "smack" sound. 
First, the sound of glass shattering on the ground, followed by a shrill scream: "Ah!" 
At Sunny’s feet, there was a broken wine glass. 
And the red wine in the glass had splashed all over her. 
The glass had just flown past her face, almost hitting her directly. 
Sunny looked at Frank in shock and fear. 
The man’s gaze was ice-cold, as if his whole body was filled with ice, giving off an extremely cold presence without even a trace of warmth. 
When he looked at her, his eyes were sharp and intimidating, like a knife. 
After just one glance, Sunny was so frightened that she turned her gaze away. 
Thinking about the wine glass that had nearly smashed into her face just now, she started to tremble in fear, tightly clinging to Lady Parker’s arm: "Madam White, I’m so scared, I want to go home."
###Chapter 1614: Chapter 1073: She is Mr. Ashton’s Girlfriend from the Heath Family
Lady Parker was also stunned by Frank’s recent behavior. 
She knew her son well enough. 
Even though he had a bad temper, he never lost his gentlemanly composure in front of girls. 
The Bridge family and the Parker family had even been friends for a long time. 
Considering this relationship, he should never have behaved like this towards Sunny. 
"Don’t be afraid, Sunny. I’m here, and he wouldn’t dare harm you." Lady Parker comforted Sunny a bit, then raised her head and glared at her son. "Frank, you’re acting completely out of character. I can’t believe you raised your hand to a girl. I’m very disappointed in your behavior today." 
"You need to apologize to Sunny right now." 
Frank sneered, "Were she not a girl, I would have done more than just give a verbal warning. And mom, for the last time, stop interfering in my affairs." 
After he finished speaking, Frank turned around and left the dining room. 
He left behind a shell-shocked Sunny and an infuriated Lady Parker without a backward glance. 
Once Frank was gone. 
Sunny seemed to return to her senses and suddenly began to cry. 
She was crying out of fear. 
Seeing her crying, Lady Parker rushed to comfort her. 
The more she comforted her, the harder Sunny cried. 
"Madam, Frank has fallen for that siren. He actually raised his hand at me for her. You must seek justice for me, Madam." Sunny threw herself onto Lady Parker, crying a complete mess. 
Lady Parker was taken aback and while using a handkerchief to wipe Sunny’s tears, she asked, "Sunny, you said that Frank has fallen for a siren? Who is this siren you’re talking about?" 
"Who else could it be if not that actress Joanna Lawrence?" 
Sunny was choking back sobs, and when she mentioned Joanna Lawrence, she gritted her teeth: "That siren not only hooked Frank, but also Gary White. I’ve heard that she has a rather intimate relationship with the male crew members. How could Frank fall for such a woman!" 
After listening to her, Lady Parker’s face had turned pretty sour. 
She frowned, "Frank has fallen for an actress? When did this happen? Why didn’t I know about it?" 
"You’re not interested in the entertainment industry, of course you wouldn’t know." Sunny looked at the expression on Lady Parker’s face, the tear-filled eyes gleaming a bit, and quickly took out her phone to show Lady Parker a picture of Joanna Lawrence. 
She pointed at the photo and said fiercely: "This is the siren!" 
Lady Parker lowered her gaze to look at the photo, finding her somewhat familiar at first glance. Then she looked at it a few more times, her expression changing. 
"Sunny, are you sure the woman Frank is in love with is her?" 
"I’m certain!" Sunny gritted her teeth, "I wasn’t very sure at first. But you saw it too, Frank was protecting her. If he weren’t infatuated with this siren, why would he be so protective of her?" 
Lady Parker frowned, "Sunny, are you sure you haven’t misunderstood? I’ve met this girl, she’s Mr. Ashton’s girlfriend. It’s impossible that she would be trying to entangle Frank. You should avoid making wild claims without evidence." 
"What?!" 
Sunny’s eyes widened in shock: "Madam, are you saying that this actress is Mr. Ashton’s girlfriend?" 
Lady Parker had attended the Heath family banquet for Jeremy Lawrence that night. 
She had seen Joanna Lawrence there. 
Although she had only met her once, Joanna Lawrence’s extraordinary looks left a deep impression on Lady Parker. 
She remembered exactly what she looked like.
###Chapter 1615: Chapter 1074: Didn’t Listen to Her Words
Sunny Bridge was utterly unwilling to believe it. 
That siren actually turned out to be the girlfriend of the Heath family’s second young master? 
How could that be possible? 
Wasn’t it said that the two young masters of the Heath family had no interest in women? Especially that second young master, who was rumored to have some sort of androphobia and couldn’t even touch a woman. 
That was the very reason why he had remained single all these years. 
It was also the reason why many women in their circle coveted him but wouldn’t entertain any extravagant ideas about him. 
Because it wasn’t realistic. 
What use would it be, no matter how good his conditions were if he didn’t like women? 
How could a man with androphobia possibly have a girlfriend? 
"Hmm, I saw her when Frank and I attended a banquet together," Lady Parker glanced thoughtfully at Sunny Bridge before continuing, "Sunny, our Parker family has always had a good relationship with the Heath family. Since Ashton brought her back to his home during the Heath family’s banquet, he must hold her in high regard. Now that the matter has been clarified, and it was nothing but a misunderstanding, you mustn’t dwell on wild thoughts anymore." 
Lady Parker was actually worried about Sunny Bridge causing trouble for Joanna Lawrence again. 
Just as she had said, the relationship between the Parker and Heath families had always been strong. 
If Sunny were to marry into the Parker family in the future, she could not offend the people of the Heath family. 
It would be too detrimental to the relationship between the two families. 
Lady Parker was essentially urging Sunny to make no further fuss about it. 
But Sunny didn’t take her words to heart. 
Even if she had, she wouldn’t have cared. 
In her eyes, even if Joanna was Ashton’s girlfriend and Ashton had brought her back home, so what? 
Such lowly actors could never hold a high status. 
How could the second young master of the Heath family ever truly marry her into the family? 
It must be simply because of her pretty face that she bewitched him for the moment. 
However, every man’s interest in a woman would eventually fade, and even the most beautiful of women would become no more than mediocre with time. 
Without a good family background, she was nothing more than a plaything for men. 
She was as lowly as favored pets, her status always remaining humble. 
The Heath family was the number one prestigious family in Closia, their family background unparalleled. How could they ever allow such a lowly actor to enter their family? 
Thinking of all this, Sunny felt even more dismissive towards Joanna. 
While paying lip service to Lady Parker, she secretly thought of finding a time to teach Joanna a good lesson. 
She didn’t believe it. 
She was just a little actor after all. What could happen if she did something to her?
"Madam White, I understand. Don’t worry, I won’t think about it anymore." Sunny put on her most obedient demeanor to please Lady Parker. 
Lady Parker was very satisfied with her attitude. 
She took Sunny’s hand, gently patted it twice, and whispered softly, "Sunny, I thought that no matter what, Frank wouldn’t do anything too indecent. But I didn’t expect him to do this today..." 
Lady Parker sighed, "You’ve suffered such a huge grievance, and it’s absolutely unbearable for me. I initially thought that our two families had known each other well and that you were such an outstanding child. It would be wonderful if you and Frank were together." 
"But Frank was too outrageous today, and even I don’t want to forgive him for what he did. If you’re disappointed in him and don’t want to be with him anymore, I can understand that." 
"Madam White, I don’t blame Frank," Sunny immediately chimed in upon hearing Lady Parker’s words.
###Chapter 1616: Chapter 1075: It Must Be Because of Joanna Lawrence
"Maybe Frank had encountered something upsetting today, and that’s why he’s in a bad mood and his temper got worse." 
"Or maybe he has some misunderstandings about me." 
"Anyway, I can understand. I won’t give up on him because of these things, Madam White, I, I still want to be with Frank, and I want to marry him and be his wife. I’m not afraid of anything, I’m just afraid that he falls in love with someone else and doesn’t want to be with me." 
As Sunny Bridge spoke, her eyes reddened. 
Lady Parker immediately comforted: "How could that be? Sunny, you are so good, as long as you are willing to persist, Frank will definitely feel your sincerity. Madam White will also help you and make him like you sooner." 
"You are the only one who is most suitable for our Frank. Madam White cannot see any other girls." 
Because of Lady Parker’s words, Sunny Bridge felt a little proud again. 
Yes, only she was the most suitable for Frank Parker. 
In terms of family background, appearance, and all other conditions, only she was the most suitable for Frank Parker. 
Therefore, the position of Mrs. Parker could only belong to her. 
"But, it seems that Frank doesn’t like me..." 
"It’s okay, child. Feelings can be cultivated. At the beginning, I didn’t have any feelings with your uncle, Damien, either. It was slowly cultivated later. Aren’t your uncle and I still very affectionate now?" 
"If you want to win Frank’s heart, you have to be patient. As I said, he has never lacked girls who like him, so he is a rather passive person emotionally and needs someone to take the initiative." 
"You pursue him more and persist for a while, and he can’t be indifferent to you all the time." 
Although Sunny Bridge had repeatedly been hit hard by Frank Parker, she never thought of giving up on him. 
She had liked Frank Parker for so many years. 
Of course, she could not give up on him because of these little things. 
Except for Frank Parker, she never thought of marrying another man. 
"Madam White, I will try my best." Sunny Bridge took a deep breath and clenched her fists, "I will definitely try my best to make Frank like me." 
* 
The hot search about Joanna Lawrence and Frank Parker went up very quickly and passed quickly as well. 
Originally, she thought that this matter had come to an end and did not care too much. 
However, when she opened her eyes the next day, she saw a piece of news. 
It is about the news of Mr. Green’s brokerage company. 
The news said that Mr. Green’s company was suddenly found to have problems with its taxes, and the company was temporarily closed for investigation. If it is determined that Mr. Green had engaged in tax evasion, he might even be sent to the police station. 
Because of this incident, Joanna Lawrence went on a hot search again. 
Blog netizens were discussing that Mr. Green’s company’s problem has been going on for a long time, but it happened just at this time. 
It must be because of Joanna Lawrence. 
That night, Joanna Lawrence was harassed and molested by Mr. Green at the karaoke bar, which was known to the netizens. 
After he was exposed for harassing Joanna Lawrence, his company’s tax problems came to light. 
This was too coincidental. 
Isn’t it clear that someone wants to avenge her? 
And the most likely person is Joanna Lawrence’s mysterious boyfriend. 
Netizens left messages on Ashton Heath’s blog. 
"@unknownMe, is this the start of the overbearing CEO wife-protecting mode? Mr. Green’s company has tax problems. Is it your doing?"
###Chapter 1617: Chapter 1076: Joanna Lawrence’s Wealthy Family Boyfriend
"Wow, that’s really spoiling her. Is it true that you’re getting back at Mr. Green’s company for Joanna?" 
"Hahaha, seeing Joanna’s boyfriend protecting her like this, Joanna’s Fans can be at ease." 
"Wow, I’m so envious of that real-name system. I felt like I was reading an overbearing boss novel. I really want a boyfriend who’s so domineering and spoils his girlfriend." 
"So what is unknownMe’s identity? Have you guys figured it out? I seriously suspect that the acquisition of Benington Group was also his doing. If he could easily acquire a company, he must be a pretty impressive person." 
"I’ll quietly reveal a secret to you all. Joanna’s boyfriend is indeed very remarkable. You all know the Heath family, right? He’s said to be from a side branch of the family, and his family is quite respected within the Heath family." 
"A side branch of the Heath family? I think this information is really accurate. If he’s part of the Heath family, it’s not hard to understand why Mr. Luther and Mr. Parker know him. Wow, I’m so envious of Joanna. Her boyfriend is handsome, rich, and from a noble family, and he spoils her so much. Did she save the Milky Way in her past life?" 
"I don’t know about anything else, but I do know that with someone like Joanna around, is there still anyone daring to take advantage of her?" 
"Mr. Green was just flirting, and the company was immediately investigated. Who would dare to break the rules now?" 
Soon, due to the enthusiastic discussion of netizens, Ashton Heath also became a trending topic. 
#unknownMe and the Heath Family’s Relationship# 
#Joanna’s Wealthy Boyfriend# 
#unknownMe Identity Reveal# 
In a flash, Ashton Heath occupied three hot search spots, even more than Joanna’s trending spots. 
All the discussions were about his identity. 
Netizens felt that the most reliable theory was that he was a side relative of the Heath family. 
No one considered that Ashton Heath might be the new young President of the Heath Group. 
After all, many people had heard that rumor. 
Young Master Ashton had some strange habits and was not interested in women. 
As a result, he never had any women around him. 
So, no one ever thought of Ashton Heath as the President of the Heath Group. 
In their eyes, a side relative of the Heath family was already an impressive identity. 
"Joanna, have you seen the hot search on Blog? They’re all guessing your boyfriend’s real identity." Nina loved gossip and was always scrolling through Blog. So she would know almost immediately about any new developments on Blog. 
Joanna had just been looking at the news and nodded, "Yeah, I saw it." 
She never imagined that netizens would be so curious about Ashton’s identity. 
So curious that they discussed his identity alone and made it into three trending posts. 
Nina was curious too, so she gossiped a bit: "Joanna, they say online that your boyfriend is from the Heath family. Is it true? Of course, I’m just casually asking. If you don’t feel comfortable answering, you don’t have to." 
"It’s not that inconvenient. I guess netizens got it right." Joanna said. 
"Did they get it right? So, your boyfriend is really from the Heath family?" Nina widened her eyes. 
Joanna thought for a moment and nodded. 
Ashton Heath was indeed from the Heath family. 
So that theory wasn’t wrong. 
Nina’s eyes showed her envy. 
The Heath family was indeed impressive. 
Rich, handsome, and from a noble family, the key point was that he valued and pampered Joanna so much. 
Who wouldn’t want a dozen boyfriends like that? 
However, Nina felt that some things couldn’t be earned by envy.
###Chapter 1618: Chapter 1077: Let Them Watch
First of all, she didn’t have the looks of Joanna Lawrence. 
As a woman, she thought Joanna looked too good, like a fairy. 
Of course, a fairy should be matched with a very excellent man. 
So, Joanna and her boyfriend are actually quite a good match. 
Moreover, Joanna’s boyfriend having a prominent identity is a good thing, so the men with ill intentions in their circle wouldn’t dare to covet her. 
This can prevent things like what happened with Mr. Green from happening again! 
* 
It was noon break time. 
Joanna finished her lunch and took a nap in the nanny car. 
Just a little while after lying down, she received a call from Ashton Heath. 
She answered, and heard the man say, "Where are you? I’m at the film crew." 
Joanna suddenly sat up, and all the sleepiness was gone. 
She rubbed her eyes and looked outside the window, "You’re in Frankfurt?" 
"Yep." 
"You are at our film crew right now?" 
"Yep." 
"...Where are you? I’ll come and find you." 
Ashton Heath gave her the address. 
After hanging up the phone, Joanna quickly got out of the car to find him. 
It wasn’t hard to find him. 
Because wherever Ashton Heath appears, he becomes the focus. 
Joanna followed the address he mentioned, and even from quite a distance, she saw a group of people gathered there. 
They were some female staff members of the TV series crew. 
Joanna quickened her pace and saw Ashton Heath leaning against a silver-grey Lamborghini when she approached. 
The man was dressed in a white shirt, black trousers, with the cuffs of his shirt rolled up, revealing a wrist adorned with a simple and elegant watch. 
The clothes and pants were very simple in style. 
But when worn on him, they looked absolutely fantastic. 
His straight, long legs were casually crossed, his stance casual, but his powerful and dignified aura was impossible to ignore. 
A group of female staff members from the TV series crew stood a few meters away, secretly sizing him up. 
Ashton Heath looked good, had a great body, and even better temperament. 
His presence alone could attract the opposite sex’s attention. 
As Joanna walked toward him, she heard several female staff members exclaiming in whispers, "He’s so handsome." 
The man’s face had always been expressionless, his eyes cold and distant, and an "unapproachable" air prevailed around him. 
But upon hearing the familiar footsteps and raising his head to see Joanna, that distant, cold air dissipated in an instant. 
The ice in his eyes melted just as quickly. 
The sudden transformation surprised the female staff members. 
Upon seeing Joanna, Ashton Heath stood up straight and walked toward her. 
Joanna had only just stepped in front of him when he reached out and pulled her into his embrace. 
He didn’t care that others were watching. 
Joanna, with her face buried in his chest and smelling his familiar scent, blushed and gently pushed him, "Ashton Heath, let go of me. People are watching." 
"Let them watch." 
"...Aren’t you embarrassed?" 
Ashton Heath was not at all bothered: "I’m holding my own woman. What’s there to be embarrassed about?" 
Joanna: "..." 
The female staff members who had been admiring Ashton Heath watched this scene play out and felt a pang of envy. 
They took the hint. 
The real deal had arrived, and the couple was being all lovey-dovey. They couldn’t keep standing there and gawking anymore.
###Chapter 1619: Chapter 1078: I Was Wrong, I Repent
After being envious and jealous for a while, everyone turned around and left. 
When there was no one else around, Ashton Heath became even more unrestrained. 
He pinched Joanna Lawrence’s chin and moved closer to her: "Baby, don’t you owe me an explanation?" 
Joanna blinked her eyes, looking puzzled: "I owe you an explanation? What explanation?" 
The man’s deep, dark eyes narrowed a bit, with a hint of dissatisfaction: "The incident that happened with you and your agent at the karaoke bar. Why didn’t you tell me that you were harassed that night? Do you think that since someone else could solve the problem for you, you don’t need me anymore?" 
Although he asked, Joanna could hear the many dissatisfactions and sourness in his words. 
She stared blankly for a few seconds and laughed: "Are you really angry about this? I didn’t tell you because I didn’t think it was necessary. There was someone harassing me at the time, but luckily Frank Parker appeared in time, so nothing bad happened." 
"Telling you would only make you worried about me, so what’s the point?" 
"Later on, since the problem had already been resolved, I didn’t think it was necessary to tell you either." 
As Joanna spoke, she watched his expression change. 
"Are you really mad about this?" 
Ashton’s eyes narrowed: "Do you remember what you promised me before?" 
Joanna had an idea of what he was going to say. 
She blinked her eyes, and her face looked a bit innocent: "I remember. I promised you that I would tell you everything that happens." 
"So, you do remember." 
Ashton pursed his lips and frowned: "Did you keep your promise?" 
Joanna: "...No." 
"I’m sorry, I was wrong, and I repent." She admitted her mistake with a good attitude, "I now realize my mistake. I will deeply reflect on myself and make sure not to repeat the same mistake in the future." 
"No matter what happens in the future, whether or not the problem is solved, I will tell you everything." 
Ashton Heath: "..." 
Seeing her apologize so actively and with such a proper attitude, he didn’t know what to say. 
If he blamed her again, he would seem petty. 
"Should I still trust you?" 
"Of course." Joanna hugged him and said softly, "I really mean it this time. Please trust me one more time. I won’t hide anything from you in the future. Besides, I didn’t tell you because I was afraid you would worry." 
"You were on a business trip, and I didn’t want you to be distracted." 
Seeing her like this, how could Ashton still be angry? 
He was never really mad at her to begin with. 
He just felt uncomfortable that she wouldn’t tell him about things that happened to her, making him feel like an outsider as her husband. 
How could he not know that she didn’t want to make him worry? 
He sighed softly, pinched her face helplessly, and said: "If there is a next time, I will tie you to my side and not allow you to go anywhere. So I don’t have to worry about you all the time." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Alright, let’s put an end to this matter. Have you eaten yet? Do you want me to go eat with you? Also, have you finished with your work? Why did you come here? Are you tired? Do you want to take a break? Are you going back to Closia today?" 
Hearing her ask so many questions in a row, Ashton Heath let out a low laugh: "Yes, I’ve eaten. My work is also temporarily done for now."
###Chapter 1620: Chapter 1079: Open It and See If You Like It
"I came as soon as I started missing you. I’m a bit tired, but all the fatigue disappears the moment I see my babybaby. I’m not going back today, I’ll stay here with you." 
The man patiently answered all of her questions. 
Upon hearing that he was going to stay, a soft smile formed on Joanna’s lips. 
The time they spent apart wasn’t that long. 
Although Joanna Lawrence was shooting a film elsewhere, Ashton Heath would often come and accompany her. 
This time, it was probably the longest they’d been apart, almost ten days. 
Being apart for this long for the first time, Joanna felt like it had been a very long time since she’d seen Ashton Heath. 
She was also hoping that he could stay today. 
"Really not going back?" 
"Hmm, not going back." 
"I can probably wrap up work early today." Joanna said with shining eyes, "After I finish work, I’ll take you around in the evening. I’m now very familiar with Frankfurt. I know where all the fun and good food spots are." 
Watching her prideful expression, Ashton Heath’s lips lightly curled up, indulgently saying, "Sure." 
"Let me treat you to dinner tonight." Joanna spoke enthusiastically, "There’s a cuisine restaurant that isn’t bad, can we have dinner there tonight?" 
"Hmm, whatever you arrange." 
"Then let’s have that cuisine. After eating, I’ll take you shopping. There’s an alley here that’s very antique and unique. It’s full of shops that hang various lanterns at night. Would you like to take a stroll there?" 
"Sure." 
"After strolling down that alley, we can also visit the adjacent snack street. Let me tell you, the street is chock-full of all kinds of snacks, they all taste really good. Also..." 
"Baby, hold on." Ashton Heath, listening to the excited description of the girl in his arms, cut her off, "We don’t have to rush these plans, we can discuss them later. Aren’t you going to ask if I brought you a gift from my business trip?" 
"A gift?" Joanna blinked. 
"Yes, a gift." Ashton pinched her face, his eyes full of indulgence, "When other women’s husbands go abroad on business trips, they’re asked to bring back gifts. Haven’t you ever thought of asking me to bring you a gift?" 
Joanna: "..." 
She really hadn’t thought of it. 
She didn’t know that when husbands go abroad on business trips, they need to bring back gifts. 
Joanna was stunned for a moment, suddenly realizing. 
She looked up and smiled, "Honey, did you bring me a gift?" 
"I did. But it seems like someone isn’t very excited about it. Should I give this gift to you or not?" 
"Give it to me give it to me." Joanna immediately shook his neck and said, "Who said that I’m not excited about it. I’m so excited. Let me see, what did you bring me." 
Ashton was only teasing her. He quickly took a box from his suit pocket. 
He handed the box to Joanna, "Open it and see if you like it." 
Just by looking at the box, you could tell it was jewelry. 
Joanna took it and opened it, finding a bracelet inside the box. 
It was a diamond-studded bracelet, simple and suitable for everyday wear. 
Joanna liked it the moment she saw it. 
Ashton had also bought her very expensive jewelry before. 
But those pieces of jewelry were all kept away by Joanna. 
Because they were too expensive, she was always afraid that she might accidentally lose them, so she simply kept them all.
Ashton probably knew why she didn’t wear those pieces of jewelry, so this time the bracelet he bought was suitable for everyday wear and didn’t seem to be something very expensive.
###Chapter 1621: Chapter 1080: Are You Kicking Me Out?
She didn’t know that actually, none of the jewelry Ashton Heath had bought for her was cheap. 
The so-called cheapness was just her own assumption. 
"Do you like it?" Ashton Heath gently curled his lips, taking the bracelet from her hand, "Let me put it on for you." 
Joanna Lawrence nodded and stretched out a hand. 
Ashton Heath put the diamond-studded platinum bracelet on her, and after putting it on, he twirled her wrist and said contently, "Mmm, I knew this bracelet would suit you." 
Joanna had small bones and fair skin, and the thin platinum chain looked good on her wrist. 
Ashton Heath had specifically picked the bracelet for her after attending an event. 
It wasn’t cheap. 
There were only a few of them in the world. 
And it was an unreleased design. 
However, Ashton Heath didn’t plan to tell Joanna the price of the bracelet, as she would definitely take it off and lock it away if she knew. 
"Thank you, husband. This bracelet is beautiful, and I really like it." Joanna knew to sweet-talk after receiving someone’s gift, causing Ashton Heath to have a smile on his eyes and brows. 
"As long as you like it." 
It was worth the effort he put in to buy the bracelet. 
Joanna lifted her wrist and turned it, looking at the sparkling diamonds on the bracelet, and asked, "How much did you buy this bracelet for?" 
"Not too much, seventy to eighty thousand dollars." 
Ashton Heath thought the price quoted was too low; Joanna wouldn’t believe it, so he didn’t mention a lower price. 
As expected, when he said it was seventy to eighty thousand dollars, Joanna didn’t have any doubts. 
A bracelet costing seventy to eighty thousand dollars was not considered cheap for ordinary people. 
But for Ashton Heath, it was indeed a relatively cheap price. 
Joanna felt reassured and accepted the bracelet. 
* 
The film crew’s lunch break was not long, and Joanna originally thought that Ashton would leave when she had to go for film shooting. 
However, the man didn’t seem to have any intention of leaving. 
Joanna couldn’t help but ask, "Ashton Heath, aren’t you leaving?" 
The man raised his eyebrows, "Are you trying to kick me out?" 
"No... I have to go film soon." 
"Mmm, I know." 
"Then you..." 
"I’ll go with you." 
Joanna’s shocked face: "" 
"You’re coming with me?" 
"Why, is it not allowed?" Ashton Heath’s eyes were filled with amusement, "I just thought that going back alone would be boring. It’s better to stay on the film crew with you and leave together when you’re done." 
Only then did Joanna realize that he was serious. 
Her feelings: "..." 
Thinking about Ashton Heath staying on the film crew to watch her film romantic scenes with another man made her feel weird. 
Moreover, she started to worry. 
She remembered that she and Kelvin Norman had two romantic scenes in the afternoon, both with physical contact and quite intimate contact. 
In one scene, Kelvin would hug her. 
In another scene, Kelvin would do a wall slam with her. 
There was nothing wrong with that initially. 
She and Kelvin were a pair of CP in the TV series who had mutual affection for each other, so some intimate scenes were inevitable. 
But with Ashton Heath’s presence in the scene. 
If he saw her and Kelvin doing a wall slam or something like that 
Joanna couldn’t even imagine that scene. 
Ashton Heath’s jealousy would probably get shattered. 
Even if she spoke a little more to any other man, he would be jealous. 
Let alone watching her film intimate scenes with another man. 
Thinking about it, Joanna didn’t want him to stay.
###Chapter 1622: Chapter 1081: Worrying He’ll Spill the Vinegar Jar
She tried to dissuade him, "But we are both filming, and you will be bored on your own. Also, I won’t have time to look after you. Why don’t you go back and rest first, and I’ll call you when I’m almost finished working." 
Ashton Heath shrugged, "You don’t need to worry about me. I’m not a child; I know how to kill time." 
"But..." Joanna Lawrence resisted desperately. 
"Baby, you don’t have to worry that I’ll be bored." Ashton hooked his lips, "You do your things, and you don’t need to attend to me." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
She wasn’t worried at all about him being bored. 
She was worried that he could throw a fit out of jealousy. 
"Why, you don’t want me to stay here that much?" Ashton Heath saw her struggling expression, his eyebrows knitted together, "Don’t you want the other members of the film crew to see us together?" 
"No." Joanna Lawrence promptly denied it, "Our relationship is public, and some people in the film crew know you are here today. I have nothing to hide". 
"Then why don’t you want me to stay?" 
Ashton Heath isn’t stupid. He noticed that Joanna was making all these excuses just not to let him stay. 
Joanna Lawrence pursed her lips and stayed silent for a while. 
After a while, she seemed to have compromised, sighed, and said, "Okay, it’s your own decision to stay. But don’t get angry later, no matter what I do, it’s just work demands." 
Ashton Heath listened while his eyebrows creased again: "What do you mean by this?" 
"Nothing." Joanna Lawrence blinked, "Alright, it’s almost time, let’s go." 
She didn’t plan on telling Ashton Heath now. 
She believed that if she told him now, he might make unreasonable demands on Gary White. 
Like changing scenes in the script. 
She believed that he was capable of doing things like that. 
* 
When Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath hand in hand appeared in front of the other members of the film crew, everyone was surprised to see them. 
Joanna Lawrence had announced on her blog that she had a boyfriend. 
People in the film crew also knew that she is not single anymore. 
And they also knew that she was dating a tall, rich, and handsome boyfriend. 
But Joanna Lawrence openly bringing her boyfriend surprised everyone. 
Some female entertainers’ eyes brightened when they saw Ashton Heath’s handsome and esteemed face. 
Ashton Heath’s photos had been taken and uploaded to the internet before. 
So, for the general public, Ashton Heath’s face was no stranger. 
But seeing his face in reality and viewing his photos online are two different experiences. 
If one could say that the Ashton in the photo was already very alluring. 
The real-life him was twice as charming. 
Not only a few female entertainers, but everyone of the opposite sex in the film crew shined their eyes when they saw Ashton Heath. 
Gary White was stunned momentarily when he saw his sister and brother-in-law so openly appear in front of the film crew. 
Joanna Lawrence took Ashton Heath to Gary White’s side. 
Gary White took a glance at the couple: "What’s this?" 
"Brother, he wants to stay on-set until I finish filming. Can you arrange it?" 
Joanna Lawrence thought it was good that the director was her own brother and that Ashton Heath and Gary White were in good terms. 
And thus this incident could be well arranged. 
Gary White paused for a while, turned his head to Ashton Heath: "You want to stay on-set?"
###Chapter 1623: Chapter 1082: What reason do I need to wait for my wife?
"Mhm." 
"If you don’t mind the boredom, you can stay. But when it gets busy later, no one will have time for you." 
"You do your thing, and I don’t need you to accompany me." 
"Alright." Gary White suddenly thought of something, his expression becoming a bit subtle. 
He also remembered that Joanna had two intimate scenes with Kelvin Norman in the afternoon. 
Being a long-time friend, he naturally knew what kind of person Ashton Heath was. 
But both Gary White and Joanna didn’t intend to tell him now. 
Joanna didn’t tell Ashton about her intimate scenes with Kelvin in the afternoon because she was afraid Ashton would get jealous. 
On the other hand, Gary White held a watchful attitude. 
What would be the reaction of a man like Ashton Heath, who had an abnormally strong possessive desire, to seeing Joanna’s intimate scenes with another man later on? 
As Gary White thought about it, he started to feel a little excited. 
"Joanna, we don’t have to worry about him now." Gary White checked the time, clapping his hands, "You go touch up your makeup, prepare and familiarize yourself with the next scene’s dialogues. It’s your turn after the current scene." 
Joanna nodded and let go of Ashton’s hand, "Then I’ll go touch up my makeup?" 
"Mhm, go ahead." 
Joanna didn’t dawdle during work hours, and after speaking, she turned around and headed to the Makeup Room. 
Gary White asked someone to bring a chair over, and Ashton Heath sat down next to him without any hesitation. 
"What made you suddenly want to stay and wait for her at the film crew? Have you got a sense of crisis after seeing those news online?" Gary White taunted as he organized his equipment, noticing Kelvin Norman walking by. 
Ashton Heath’s gaze unintentionally glanced at Kelvin before returning to Gary White, speaking indifferently, "Do I need a reason to wait for my wife? As for a sense of crisis, there’s no one in this film crew who can give me that." 
"Really?" Gary White smirked, "That’s for the best. As long as you’re confident, I won’t worry about you getting jealous when Joanna acts in intimate scenes with other men." 
After Gary White finished speaking, he saw Ashton’s indifferent expression suddenly change. 
His eyes narrowed, and his brows furrowed, "Intimate scenes with another man? Who? The male lead in the TV series?" 
Gary White found his sudden change in expression amusing, "You can’t not know that every Female Lead 1 won’t be able to avoid having intimate scenes with the male lead." 
Ashton’s brows tightened. 
He certainly knew this. 
It wouldn’t be normal if the male and female leads didn’t have some intimate scenes. 
When he accepted that Joanna would be an actress, he already mentally prepared himself. 
However, hearing Gary White mention it now, he started to feel uncomfortable.
Seeing his expression, Gary White continued, "You should know that this is Joanna’s job. If you can’t accept it, I suggest you not stay in the film crew; otherwise..." 
Later on, when he sees Joanna and Kelvin filming their intimate scenes, he might get angry enough to vomit blood. 
Ashton’s brows were tightly knitted, "Are there any intimate scenes in her scenes this afternoon?" 
"Let me think." Gary White pretended to ponder for a moment before saying, "It seems there are. In the next two scenes, there are quite a few intimate touches." 
Ashton’s face darkened a little. 
He pressed his lips together, remaining silent for a while, then extended his hand and coldly said, "Give me the script; let me have a look." 
"But this script is our film crew’s internal confidential document, you..."
###Chapter 1624: Chapter 1083: If you insist on causing trouble for yourself, then do as you please.
"No more nonsense, give me the script." 
"Alright, this is what you wanted to see. Don’t get mad at me later when you get angry after reading it." 
Gary White took out the script and passed it to him. 
Ashton Heath took it but didn’t open it, asking coldly, "What page is today’s scene on? What’s the plot?" 
Gary White directly took back the script, turned to that page, and handed it to him: "See for yourself." 
Ashton’s expression was still fine as he read. 
Although a bit cold, Gary White thought it was still within an acceptable range of coldness. 
However, in less than a minute. 
He saw the man next to him quickly turn gloomy, a cold aura emanating from him. Gary White was the closest to him and the cold made goosebumps rise on his arms. 
"You wanted to see it." He rubbed the goosebumps on his arms, "But you don’t have to worry too much. This is just normal for actors at work. And I’ve already been very considerate of your feelings. Actually, these two scenes today are nothing." 
"This is nothing?" 
Ashton closed the script, turned his head, his handsome face looking very gloomy: "You mean there are more intimate scenes than this?" 
"Of course." Gary White, acting as if he didn’t see Ashton’s increasingly gloomy face, said seriously, "Ashton, you may not be an actor, but you should know that intimate scenes are normal for actors. This is Joanna’s job, no matter what she’s filming, it’s just work." 
"You allowed her to stay in the entertainment industry, to continue acting and filming, so you should be prepared that she will have intimate scenes with other men." 
"The filming hasn’t started yet, you can choose to avoid it later. Out of sight, out of mind, if you don’t see it, it’s nothing." 
"And like I said, I’ve already been very considerate of your feelings, there was originally a bed scene in today’s two scenes. I made some changes to it." 
Even though Gary White had said all this, Ashton Heath still remained silent with a stern face.
Gary White patted his shoulder: "Ashton, lighten up. I know you care about Joanna, but this is her regular job, and you, as her husband, should support her." 
How could Ashton let go? 
He wished he could hide Joanna away from everyone else’s eyes. 
Watching his wife film intimate scenes with other men, how could he not care? 
Even though he knew it was part of Joanna’s job. 
As Gary White had said, he knew about it before. 
But he wasn’t on the scene, didn’t pay attention to it, so it was out of sight, out of mind. 
If he saw it with his own eyes... 
He felt he might not be able to bear it. 
"Alright, think about it yourself. My suggestion is that you can avoid it later, don’t watch it on the scene and frustrate yourself. And if you watch it here, Joanna will feel pressured and it will affect her performance." 
"Of course, if you want to frustrate yourself, it’s up to you." 
After saying that, Gary White ignored him and got up to greet other actors to get ready. 
Ashton held the script in his hand, his face still very gloomy. 
He looked up at the male lead of this TV series, Kelvin Norman, and when his gaze fell on Kelvin’s gentle and handsome face, his eyes became even colder. 
He remembered Joanna saying that Kelvin was her idol. 
Ashton had already investigated Kelvin’s background. 
He certainly knew what Kelvin looked like.
###Chapter 1625: Chapter 1084: Is Her Boyfriend That Stingy?
However, seeing Kelvin in person was even more impressive than in photos. Ashton Heath couldn’t help but feel envious. 
In the past, Maddox Allenson was merely a pretty boy. 
Although there was competition, Ashton’s sense of crisis wasn’t too heavy. 
But with Kelvin. 
No matter how much Ashton tried to hide his envy, he had to admit that Kelvin was indeed good looking. 
Unlike a naive pretty boy, he had the steadiness and restraint of a mature man, looking gentle and elegant. 
He resembled the elegant and refined young masters of aristocratic families in ancient times. 
Women tend to like Kelvin’s type. 
And Joanna Lawrence was one of his fans... 
The more Ashton thought about it, the worse he felt. 
Even though he knew that Joanna couldn’t possibly develop feelings for Kelvin, he still couldn’t ignore this man. 
While Ashton was secretly observing Kelvin, Kelvin had already noticed him as well. 
He was aware of Ashton Heath. 
But this was the first time they had met in real life. 
After observing for a while, Kelvin thought Joanna had a good taste in choosing a boyfriend. Setting aside other factors, his appearance alone was far superior to many people in their circle. 
His powerful aura was not something ordinary people could possess. 
It belonged to someone strong. 
A man like him, even if others didn’t know his identity, could never be treated as an ordinary person. 
He didn’t look like an ordinary person at all. 
However... 
While admiring Ashton, Kelvin noticed a hint of hostility in his eyes. 
With a puzzled frown, he looked into Ashton’s eyes for a few seconds before Ashton turned his gaze away and looked elsewhere. 
Kelvin pursed his lips and fell silent for a moment before asking Steve, the assistant next to him, "Did you see Joanna’s boyfriend?" 
Steve: "" 
Of course, he saw him. 
Such a huge presence, and with such strong energy, everyone in the film crew must have seen him. 
Although not sure about Kelvin’s intention in asking this, Steve still honestly replied, "Mr. Norman, I saw him." 
"Do you think her boyfriend seems to have hostility towards me?" Kelvin’s eyes were filled with doubt. "Or am I mistaken?" 
Steve was startled. 
He turned to look at Kelvin, thought carefully for a while, and then said, "Mr. Norman, you probably didn’t see it wrong. I felt it too just now." 
"You felt it too? So why do you think her boyfriend has hostility toward me?" 
Kelvin thought about it and couldn’t figure out a reason. 
He hadn’t bullied Joanna on the set, nor had any rumors with her. 
So why would her boyfriend be hostile towards him? 
Steve thought carefully again and said, "Probably because you are good-looking and the two of you are a couple in the TV series, which makes him feel uncomfortable?" 
Kelvin was speechless for a moment, not knowing how to respond. 
"Is her boyfriend so petty?" Having read the script in advance, Kelvin knew that there were two intimate scenes between him and Joanna this afternoon. 
He furrowed his brows and looked at Ashton again. 
For the first time in his life, he felt immense pressure to film a scene, and this pressure was not work-related. 
* 
Joanna, however, had no idea about all of this. 
She went to the Makeup Room to change her clothes and do her makeup. After leaving the Makeup Room, she headed to the film shooting location.
###Chapter 1626: Chapter 1085: Do you have to shoot that scene in the afternoon?
At a glance, she saw Ashton Heath sitting there. 
The man exuded an aloof aura that seemed to ward off strangers. His deep eyes were half-closed, as if he was lost in thought. 
Perhaps because he looked so unapproachable, even those walking past him kept a distance of several meters. 
Actors were still shooting scenes in the center of the theater. Joanna’s turn had not come yet, so she walked over to Ashton during the wait. 
As soon as she got close, the man seemed to sense her presence and turned his head to look at her. 
When his gaze fell on her, his aura changed instantly. 
His eyes and facial expression were different. 
Gone was the cold gaze and unapproachable appearance; in their place was a more gentle and doting look. 
"Aren’t you bored sitting here alone?" Joanna sighed. "I told you to go back and wait for me, but you didn’t want to. It’s really boring in the film crew. You should..." 
"I’m not bored." Before she could finish, he caught her soft little hand and held it gently. "With you here, how could I be bored?" 
"But..." 
Joanna squatted down beside him, looking up at his face: "I really think you’ll be bored. And, and..." 
"And what?" 
Joanna pursed her lips, her eyes flickering slightly. 
"Well, I think I might feel uncomfortable with you watching me shoot. There’s a resting room for the crew too. Why don’t you go to Brandon’s resting room and wait for me? I’ll come find you once I’m done." 
Joanna didn’t want Ashton to watch her shoot intimate scenes with Kelvin Norman. 
This jealous man would surely get upset when he saw it. 
What if he couldn’t control his jealousy and did something impulsive? 
A jealous Ashton Heath was not the most rational person. 
So Joanna thought such a situation was entirely possible. 
Before that happened, she needed to persuade him to leave. 
As soon as Joanna finished speaking, she felt Ashton’s hand tighten, his grip on her hand stronger than before. 
"Does my presence here make you uncomfortable?" 
Clearly, he was not happy with her explanation. 
With a furrowed brow and tight-lipped, the man looked unhappy. 
Joanna: "... Don’t misunderstand. I’m not disliking you. I just think having my husband watch me act out romantic scenes with someone else will make me feel uncomfortable." 
"Romantic scenes?" Ashton Heath couldn’t help but sarcastically say, "More like intimate scenes with others." 
Joanna: "... You knew? Who told you, my brother?" 
Ashton Heath looked unhappy: "Who told me doesn’t matter. Do you have to shoot that scene this afternoon?" 
Joanna pursed her lips, and after a moment, she finally said, "Yes, I have to." 
She knew Ashton would be unhappy. 
But this was her job. 
Ashton Heath also pursed his lips and didn’t speak. 
A while later, Joanna gently shook his arm: "Are you mad?" 
Ashton Heath looked down at her, but didn’t say anything. 
He wanted to say he wasn’t mad, but he clearly cared a great deal and didn’t want to deceive himself. 
"Are you really mad?" Joanna gently shook his arm again, coaxing in a soft voice, "Alright, don’t be mad anymore. You know it’s just acting. None of it is real. No matter how I am with others in the play, it’s not real."
###Chapter 1627: Chapter 1086: Don’t Want to Become the Person You Hate
"Didn’t you say you’d support me in my work?" 
"Yeah, I did say that." 
Of course he remembered what he had said. 
It’s just that at that time, he hadn’t considered too much.
Moreover, even if he was unwilling in his heart, he couldn’t deprive her of her preferences and prevent her from doing what she liked. 
If so, he would be too selfish. 
"Is it too late for me to regret it now?" 
There was a serious look in the man’s eyes, not like he was joking. 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Honey, I really like film shooting." 
Ashton Heath was silent for a few seconds, sighed softly, and touched her head helplessly: "Alright, I know." 
"So you mean you won’t anymore?" Joanna’s eyes brightened, and there was a smile in them. 
Ashton Heath looked at her, "If I , will you listen to me?" 
"Er..." 
"So there’s no use in me ing. Instead of ing and making you hate me, the best choice is to support you." 
"But..." Joanna looked at his face and said, "You actually don’t want me to continue acting, do you?" 
"Want the truth? The truth is that I really don’t like it, not that I don’t like you being an actor, but I don’t want to see you have any intimate contact with other men because of acting. I know it’s just your job and I shouldn’t be so bothered by it, but I can’t help but control my emotions." 
"Baby." 
Ashton Heath sighed again, his tone full of helplessness: "I don’t want to become the person you hate." 
So even if he didn’t like it, he had to endure it. 
Simply because it was something she enjoyed doing. 
Joanna still wanted to say something, but she heard Gary White calling her: "Joanna, get ready, it’s your turn." 
Joanna looked deeply into Ashton Heath’s eyes, hesitating: "Should I go?" 
Ashton Heath nodded, "Yeah, go ahead." 
Seeing that he had no intention of leaving, Joanna didn’t say anything else. When it was her turn, she didn’t waste any time and immediately went over to find her position and get ready. 
When she went over, Kelvin Norman also took his position. 
Joanna had thought that having Ashton Heath around would make her feel constrained and not perform well. 
But that wasn’t the case. 
Before the actual performance, she felt a little uncomfortable. 
When Gary White shouted for them to start, she and Kelvin Norman instantly entered their acting mode, completely focused on their roles and not caring about anything else. 
Kelvin Norman was also like Joanna. 
When it was time for the actual performance, he devoted himself entirely to the act, not letting anything else distract him. 
The performance went as smoothly as ever. 
The only thing that felt different for Kelvin Norman was that his back felt a bit chilly. 
He didn’t know where the cold air was coming from, but it kept blowing on his back. 
When it was time for the intimate scene. 
The male lead portrayed by Kelvin Norman and the Female Lead 1 portrayed by Joanna Lawrence had a quarrel due to a misunderstanding. Female Lead 1 tried to leave angrily, but the male lead chased after her, forcefully hugging her from behind and refusing to let her go. 
As Female Lead 1 struggled, the male lead’s embrace grew tighter and tighter. 
Ashton Heath had seen this part of the TV series before. 
So, when he saw Joanna Lawrence’s Female Lead 1 and Kelvin Norman’s male lead starting to argue, Joanna turning to leave, and Kelvin chasing her, he suddenly stood up. 
"Wait a moment, don’t shoot this yet."
###Chapter 1628: Chapter 1087: The Thing She Worried About Still Happened!!
He walked toward Gary White. 
He suddenly intervened, and everyone on the set looked at him in surprise. 
With his interference, neither Joanna Lawrence nor Kelvin Norman could continue filming. 
After a while, both of them returned from their roles to reality. Joanna, like everyone else, looked at Ashton Heath in surprise. 
They didn’t know what he was up to. 
Work was interrupted, and Gary White, obviously annoyed, frowned, lifted his head, and scolded, "Ashton Heath, what are you trying to do here?" 
Ashton Heath glanced in Kelvin’s direction, then withdrew his gaze and calmly replied, "For the next scene, I think we can use a stand-in." 
"Use a stand-in?" Gary White’s frown deepened. "Are you suggesting we find a stand-in for Joanna? Ashton Heath, are you deliberately trying to stir up trouble?" 
Ashton Heath: "I’m serious." 
Gary White: "..." 
He wanted to curse. 
He knew this man would do something. 
He had no idea why he was sticking around, seemingly delighting in causing mischief. 
"Are you kidding me? At this time, you want me to find a stand-in? Where am I supposed to find someone who resembles Joanna? I’ve told you before—if you can’t stand to watch, then don’t! Now you’ve disrupted the shoot. Are you sure you’re not here to make trouble?" 
The smooth workflow had been disrupted by someone’s jealousy, which Gary White couldn’t tolerate. 
"I didn’t say to find a stand-in for Joanna." Ashton Heath maintained his calm composure as he put his hands in his trouser pockets and looked down at Gary White. "What about me?" 
Gary White was taken aback and frowned: "You? What do you mean?" 
"The male lead and I have similar heights, and similar builds. I think I can be his stand-in." 
"Are you insane?!" Once Gary White finally understood what he meant, his eyes filled with disbelief. He found it utterly ridiculous. "You want to be Kelvin’s stand-in? Ashton Heath, can you even act? Are you playing a joke on me?" 
"I’m not given to joking. I’ll take care of the last scene." Ashton Heath was not negotiating with him; he was deciding. 
Gary White: "..." 
"It’s settled then. I’m going to change clothes with him." 
Without seeking Gary White’s consent, Ashton turned and walked over to Kelvin Norman. 
As a veteran in the industry and a young winner of several Best Actor awards, Kelvin had long since passed the stage of being nervous around certain people. 
However, standing in front of a strongly charismatic person like Ashton Heath—despite being a Best Actor himself—he couldn’t help but feel nervous. 
At this moment, being a Best Actor didn’t make him any less nervous than a student seeing his teacher. 
"Mr. Norman." 
Ashton walked over to Joanna, stopped, and with a possessive arm around the petite woman’s waist, he pulled her close. 
He looked at Kelvin Norman and said, "Mr. Norman, you don’t need to personally film the last scene. I’ll take over. You don’t mind, do you?" 
Confusion registered on Kelvin Norman’s face as he paused. 
Joanna looked up in surprise, "Ashton Heath, what are you doing? Don’t cause trouble..." 
"I’m not causing trouble." Ashton said, looking down at the woman beside him. "I’ve already discussed it with the director. I’ll be Mr. Norman’s stand-in for the last scene." 
Joanna: "..." 
Her worst fears were coming true!!
###Chapter 1629: Chapter 1088: Ashton Heath Gives More Emotion
She knew it. Ashton Heath couldn’t possibly have no reaction to her acting intimate scenes with Kelvin Norman. 
She didn’t expect him to make such a request. 
For him to be Kelvin Norman’s stand-in! 
Was he serious? 
Joanna Lawrence gaped at him, "Ashton, don’t joke around. You want to be Kelvin’s stand-in? But you don’t know how to act." 
"I’m not joking." 
The man looked down at her, serious, "I’ve seen those scenes. I think I can do it." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"But..." 
"Since Mr. Ashton is willing to be my stand-in, of course, I wouldn’t refuse." Kelvin suddenly interjected, "Let’s do what Mr. Ashton suggests. He can be my stand-in for the upcoming scenes. I have no problem with that. Joanna, what do you think?" 
From the beginning, Kelvin sensed the hostility from Ashton.
Now it’s confirmed that Ashton really is hostile towards him. 
He must know that the upcoming scenes are the intimate ones between him and Joanna. 
That’s why he made such a request. 
This man has a very strong possessiveness. 
But Kelvin can understand this. 
Ashton is not from their circle, it’s normal for him not to accept his girlfriend acting intimate scenes with other men. 
What if it were him? 
If it were someone he really liked, even if he knew it was for work, he might still mind it. 
So, for Ashton’s request, Kelvin was a bit surprised at first, but soon showed understanding. 
It’s Joanna who finds it embarrassing. 
She looked apologetically at Kelvin, "Mr. Norman..." 
Joanna didn’t want her problems to affect the progress of the entire film crew. 
But with Ashton making a fuss like this, it’s bound to affect it. 
Joanna became frustrated. 
She didn’t know what to do with such a jealous guy. 
If she confronts him, he will just get angry, and it’ll take even longer to appease him. 
"Joanna, it’s okay for me." Kelvin generously said, "I think we should go with Mr. Ashton’s idea. Since he said he can do it, there shouldn’t be any problem. Just let him try, it won’t waste much time." 
"Mr. Ashton." After speaking, Kelvin turned his head to Ashton, "Shall we go to change our clothes now?" 
Ashton stayed silent, only looking down at Joanna. 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
What else could she say? 
She knew Ashton too well. 
If she didn’t agree to it now, his mood would likely not improve for a month. 
Both Kelvin and Gary White had agreed, so if she was the only one against it, it would seem like she was eager to act those intimate scenes with Kelvin. 
"Then you go." Joanna finally had to compromise. 
Ashton nodded at Kelvin and followed him to the locker room to change. 
* 
A moment later, Ashton came out wearing Kelvin’s costume from the TV series. 
He and Kelvin’s height were similar, their body shapes were similar, even their hairstyles were similar. 
If you didn’t see their faces, their silhouettes would look very much alike. 
Gary White stared at Ashton in the changed outfit for a few seconds, then gave him a thumbs up. 
Because he didn’t want his wife acting intimate scenes with other male actors, he took matters into his own hands. 
Probably only Ashton would do this, no one else. 
Seeing how much Ashton cared for Joanna, Gary felt like he didn’t have much to worry about. 
Now it seemed that Ashton was obviously more invested in the relationship.
###Chapter 1630: Chapter 1089: Joanna Lawrence Really Doesn’t Know Him Anymore
He cared more about Joanna Lawrence. 
He didn’t have to worry about Joanna being wronged. 
As for the future, 
With the White family as Joanna’s support, if Ashton Heath dared not to treat her well, he would be the first one not to let him go as her brother. 
"I must shoot this scene well," Gary White said with emotion, "After all, this is Ashton Heath’s first cross-border performance. If it weren’t for Joanna’s sake, I wouldn’t have the chance to see it." 
What Gary White said was a joke, but it was also true. 
If it weren’t for Joanna Lawrence, Ashton Heath would never have come for a cross-border acting performance in his life. 
"Ashton, are you really sure about this?" Joanna pulled Ashton aside, lowered her voice, and whispered, "Acting is not as simple as you think." 
Ashton Heath pursed his lips: "Baby, don’t ever say a man can’t do this." 
Joanna Lawrence: "..." 
"I’ll try my best, there shouldn’t be any problems." 
Joanna was skeptical about this. 
He was a complete outsider with no experience whatsoever. 
She seriously doubted that he would encounter various problems when the time came. 
"Joanna, are you guys ready yet?" 
Gary White urged from the side: "Once you’re ready, get in your positions. We must finish these two scenes today. Don’t waste any more time." 
"Director, I’m OK." Joanna Lawrence no longer cared whether Ashton Heath could do it or not. After responding to Gary White, she turned around and walked towards the shooting location. 
Ashton Heath followed behind her and walked together. 
Ashton Heath indeed had no experience in acting." 
This was his first cross-border acting experience." 
But even though he had no experience, he knew the general idea of how it should be done. 
Moreover, the person acting the opposing scenes with him was his wife, so he had no pressure when acting the intimate scenes. 
Before the filming, Gary White explained the general performance method to him, and after a few minutes, the shooting officially started. 
Joanna originally thought that there would be at least five or six NGs, and maybe even more than a dozen. 
After all, Ashton Heath was a novice in the field of acting. 
But what she didn’t expect was that the shooting was unexpectedly smooth. 
There were NGs. 
But there were only three NGs before it passed. 
For a pure novice who had never acted before and had never learned any relevant knowledge, it was a very, very good performance." 
Even Joanna Lawrence was amazed by his performance." 
After Gary White said it was approved, Joanna Lawrence looked at Ashton Heath again and again." 
"What’s the matter, baby?" Ashton couldn’t help asking because of her intense gaze, "Why are you looking at me with such eyes? Don’t you recognize your husband?" 
Joanna Lawrence really didn’t recognize him anymore. 
She bit her lip: "Ashton Heath, have you never studied acting before?" 
Ashton Heath was shocked and then laughed softly: "Of course not, why would I study that?" 
Joanna Lawrence knew that he must not have." 
She was just curious." 
She wondered how someone who had never learned anything could perform better than some actors who had learned relevant knowledge." 
It’s not that she was boasting." 
Ashton Heath’s performance in those two scenes just now was really better than many young idols in the industry." 
Many of those young idols had the same expression from beginning to end when acting." 
Many of their lines were like counting one two three four." 
Not only were Ashton Heath’s lines solid, but he also remembered every word. 
In short, his performance exceeded Joanna Lawrence’s expectations and the expectations of Gary White and the others too.
###Chapter 1631: Chapter 1090: I Don’t Know How Long This Fondness Can Last
Kelvin Norman watched and then told Steve, his assistant, "It’s better than I thought." 
Steve nodded in agreement, "Yes, it’s not too bad. Although not as good as Mr. Norman’s acting, it’s not too shabby either. As long as it’s not terrible and doesn’t damage Mr. Norman’s reputation, it’s fine." 
Kelvin smiled. 
He looked at Ashton Heath not far away, and thought to himself that with Ashton’s attributes, he would definitely be a formidable competitor if he entered the entertainment industry. 
However, even as a side branch of the Heath family, it’s still part of a wealthy and noble family. 
Performers may seem glamorous and lucrative in the eyes of ordinary people. 
But in the eyes of the actual wealthy and noble families, they’re still not on par. 
Therefore, even as a side branch of the Heath family, it’s absolutely impossible to join the entertainment industry. 
Gary White is an exception. 
After all, Gary White is a director, not a performer. 
Thinking of this, Kelvin couldn’t help but worry a little for Joanna Lawrence. 
Could Joanna really marry into the Heath family with such a family status? 
Ashton Heath seems to like her a lot now, but it remains to be seen how long this affection will last. 
Hopefully, it’s not like those other wealthy playboys who lose interest once the novelty wears off. 
"How was my performance just now, wife?" Ashton Heath asked Joanna Lawrence. 
Joanna didn’t hold back her praises, nodding and saying, "Mhm, well done." 
Ashton immediately said, "If there are more scenes like this in the future, I can be the stand-in again." 
Joanna: "..." 
"Alrighty, you two lovebirds can leave the film crew and go on a date now. There’s nothing for you here," Gary White looked at the couple whispering affectionately to each other and decided to let Joanna leave early. 
Usually, even after completing her scenes, Joanna would wait for the film crew to finish before leaving. 
However, today, Gary doesn’t mind making an exception and letting his sister and brother-in-law leave early. 
The newlywed couple still need to spend time cultivating their relationship. 
As an older brother, it’s natural for him to create opportunities for them. 
Ashton Heath didn’t hesitate at all, took Joanna’s hand and said, "Alright, then I’ll take her away now." 
"Go, go, go," Gary waved his hand and shooed them away, pretending to be annoyed. "Hurry up and leave; your presence is messing up my actors. You scared them so much they can’t even remember their lines. Don’t come back unless you have business here." 
Joanna: "..." 
Ashton still wore a nonchalant expression, seemingly unaffected by Gary’s complaints. 
He nodded and said, "Then, we’ll go. Joanna, let’s go." 
Joanna was led away by him. 
After they left. 
A group of female actors and female staff gathered and began chattering. 
"Joanna’s boyfriend is so jealous! In order to prevent Joanna from filming intimate scenes with Kelvin, he actually went and became Kelvin’s stand-in, taking over that part of the scene. God, this is both sweet and heartbreaking!" 
"Where’s the sweetness? I think that man is too possessive. I don’t like men with such a strong possessive streak; they can be so suffocating and never leave you any freedom." 
"A person would only have a strong possessive streak if they really love someone. I, for one, find it sweet and look forward to having someone who can manage me." 
"My focus is completely different from yours. I think Joanna’s boyfriend is far too handsome. Even more handsome than Kelvin!" 
"Before, there were rumors that her boyfriend was a decrepit old man, but who would have thought that he would be so young and so handsome instead? Ah, I’m so envious."
###Chapter 1632: Chapter 1624: I’m worried something happened to Aria
"I heard she’s from a side branch of the Heath family. So, that’s a wealthy family, right? He’s so handsome, so rich, and treats her so well; she’s just too lucky, isn’t she?" 
"What luck? Since he’s from the Heath family, do you think she could marry into it? A noble family like the Heaths would never let a little entertainer like her join." 
"That’s true. A family like the Heaths would definitely find someone of matching social and economic status." The women who were envious of Joanna Lawrence just moments ago finally felt a bit relieved, as if they had found some balance. 
With Joanna being a small-time entertainer, she indeed could not marry into the prestigious Heath family. 
Even if her boyfriend treats her really well now, in the end, he will marry someone else. 
After all, Cinderella’s story is just a fairy tale. 
In real life, how many fairy tales could there be? 
However, even if Joanna couldn’t marry into the Heath family, she probably wouldn’t suffer any loss. 
Having a relationship with such an outstanding man is already a profitable thing in itself. 
And her boyfriend treats her very generously, so when it comes time to break up, she won’t be wronged in terms of the breakup fee. 
* 
Leaving the film crew. 
Ashton Heath had arranged the dinner date at a restaurant on halfway up the mountain early in the morning through Cody Aberton. 
The restaurant was quite far from the city and in a rather secluded location. 
However, the environment was elegant and quiet, and after dinner, they could stargaze from the restaurant’s Stargazing Platform. 
Ashton thought that Joanna would definitely like it. 
After Joanna got in the car, she remembered that Aria Rowlett hadn’t contacted her for several days and found it a bit strange, so she sent Aria a message on Twitter. 
Under normal circumstances, Aria would chat with her every day. 
Even if there was nothing to talk about, the two would chat about their daily lives casually. 
But this time, Aria hadn’t contacted her for a whole two days. 
Although it wasn’t a particularly strange thing, considering their usual interactions, Joanna still felt it was a bit out of the ordinary. 
After Joanna sent the Twitter message, she waited for more than ten minutes without receiving a reply from Aria. 
A growing unease welled up in Joanna’s heart. 
She then directly called Aria. 
A robotic female voice from the phone said, "Hello, the phone you are calling has been turned off." 
When Joanna heard that Aria’s phone was off, the unease in her heart intensified. 
Her face changed. 
Ashton, who was beside her, quickly noticed something was wrong. As they waited at a red light, he stopped the car and turned to look at her, "What’s wrong? Did something happen?" 
Joanna nodded and gripped her phone tightly, "I’m worried that something happened to Aria." 
"You mean Aria Rowlett?" Ashton was taken aback, "What happened to her?" 
Joanna bit her lip and said, "I sent her a Twitter message, but she didn’t reply. I called her, and her phone was off." 
"So it’s because of this." Ashton chuckled, "Isn’t this normal? Maybe her phone ran out of battery. Are you overreacting?" 
"No." Joanna’s voice was firm, "Aria hasn’t contacted me for two days. Normally, she talks to me every day. And her phone rarely runs out of battery. I just feel that something happened to her." 
"Ashton, I’m really worried that something has happened to Aria." 
"Don’t be anxious." Ashton gently pressed on her shoulder and reassured her, "I’ll call Brandon and ask him."
###Chapter 1633: Chapter 1625: They probably want her to help pay back that sum of money.
"Okay, why don’t you give Brandon a call, then." Joanna’s heart rate accelerated as she bit her lip, "I’m genuinely worried about Aria." 
Looking at her concern, Ashton Heath quickly took out his cell phone and dialed his brother’s number. 
After a while, Brandon finally answered the phone. 
Ashton wasted no time and asked directly: "Bro, have you met with Aria or had any contact with her these past two days?" 
"She went back to her hometown, so we haven’t met this week. We did reach out to each other this morning, why?" 
"Joanna called her earlier, but her phone is off. Joanna’s worried about her, so she asked me to contact you." 
"Phone’s off?" Brandon paused on the other end before suggesting, "Maybe her phone’s battery died." 
"Yeah, that’s what I told Joanna too. She mentioned that Aria rarely lets her phone die, which has her concerned something might have happened. But since you guys contacted each other this morning, everything should be fine." 
Ashton said a few more things and then hung up the phone. 
"Brandon had contact with her this morning, so don’t worry anymore. It’s probably just a dead phone." 
"Is it?" 
Nevertheless, Joanna didn’t feel entirely at peace. 
Whenever she had contacted Aria in the past, the latter’s phone had never run out of battery. 
But since Aria had been in contact with Brandon that very morning... 
There should... be nothing wrong. 
Maybe she was overthinking everything. 
Aria was a smart girl, capable of taking care of herself. 
She would try to make another call later, by which time Aria’s phone should be charged if it was indeed a battery issue. 
* 
On the other side. 
After hanging up, Brandon dialed Aria’s mobile number. 
The voice informing him that Aria’s number was switched off echoed from his phone. 
Brandon initially didn’t think much of her mobile being switched off since running out of battery playing on the phone was pretty commonplace. 
But then Joanna mentioned Aria hardly ever had her phone switched off. 
For a moment, he found it hard to concentrate on his work. 
He called his assistant, Luke, into his office. 
"Minister." Luke respectfully inquired, "May I help you with something?" 
Brandon contemplated for a moment, his eyebrows furrowing gently as he asked, "What is the schedule for the rest of my day?" 
Luke immediately reported: "Minister, you are scheduled to fly to Coburia tomorrow and will spend a week there on a business trip. After returning from Coburia, you will likely have a day off." 
Luke, assuming this had to do with arranging a date with Aria, thought a moment before adding, "Minister, if you are looking to cultivate your relationship with Ms. Aria, you can always make some adjustments. You could invite her over." 
"It’s not that." Brandon flung the pen in his hand onto the desk. 
"Not that?" Luke appeared puzzled. "Then, may I ask why the Minister is suddenly asking about his schedule?" 
Whenever Brandon had inquired about his schedule previously, it had always concerned Aria. 
"Immediately look into why Ms. Aria went back to her hometown." 
"Yes, Minister, I’ll check right now." 
Ten minutes later. 
After Luke had figured out the entire situation, he reported to Brandon: "Minister, I’ve learned that the reason Ms. Aria returned is due to an issue with her younger brother." 
Aria’s younger brother? 
Brandon was aware of him. 
He nodded, instructing, "Go on." 
"Yes." After contemplating a moment, Luke continued, "Ms. Aria’s brother owes a debt and has been imprisoned. Her parents called her back home, presumably to have her help pay off the debt."
###Chapter 1634: Chapter 1626: Book a Flight to Stornoway Immediately
"In debt? Why is she in debt?" 
"Gambling." 
"How much did she owe?" 
"Ten million dollars." 
Brandon Heath’s eyebrows furrowed: "Ten million? How did it become so much?" 
For him, this figure was naturally not a lot. 
But for the ordinary Rowlett family, it was undoubtedly a huge astronomical number. 
Long ago, he had someone investigate Aria Rowlett. 
It was that evening when he was framed by someone, after meeting Aria Rowlett when Luke, concerned about Aria’s safety started a detailed investigation fearing she might be an enemy plant. 
It was at that time that he learned that Aria had a younger brother named Issac Rowlett. 
Issac Rowlett usually liked gambling and had owed gambling debts before. 
But owing ten million dollars in gambling debt was definitely not normal. 
Considering the Rowlett family’s financial situation, no one would let Issac owe so much money because the Rowlett family simply couldn’t afford it. 
Brandon Heath realized that this matter was not simple; his face darkened, and he picked up his phone to call Aria Rowlett again. 
Still turned off. 
His expression suddenly became a bit serious. 
"Minister, I found out that someone lent Ms. Aria’s brother ten million dollars. After he got the money, he lost it all. Unable to repay, he was arrested and taken to the police station." 
"You mean someone actively lent him ten million dollars?" 
"Yes." 
"Do you think this is normal?" 
"Of course not." Luke thought for a moment, analyzing. "If it was one or two thousand, it would be normal. Given the Rowlett family’s financial situation, not even one million dollars would likely be repaid, let alone ten million."
"The person who lent the money to Ms. Aria’s brother must have inquired about the Rowlett family’s situation and knew they couldn’t pay back. So, I think their purpose in lending the money was to make it impossible for Aria’s brother to repay, and then use the unpaid debt as an excuse to arrest him." 
"Yes, your analysis is correct." Brandon Heath’s fingers, as slender as a work of art, gently tapped on the table. After a few seconds of contemplation, there was a touch of coldness in his eyes, "Just, what is their purpose in arresting Issac?" 
"I... I don’t know. Does the Rowlett family have a feud with someone, and this is their way of getting revenge?" 
"The Rowlett family is just an ordinary family; people who can come up with ten million dollars wouldn’t bother feuding with the Rowlett family. Besides, if they wanted to get revenge, there are many other ways, they don’t need to use this method." 
"Minister, you’re right. It’s not worth it for someone to go through so much trouble for a family like the Rowletts. But the person who lent the money did target the Rowletts." 
"So, it’s possible that it’s not targeting Issac, but someone else in the Rowlett family." As he said this, Brandon Heath’s face changed. 
As soon as Issac had an accident, the Rowlett family called Aria to come back. 
And Aria had been gone for several days now. 
Brandon Heath’s lips tightened, a hint of worry flickering in his eyes, and his grip on the phone tightened. 
Without hesitation, he stood up: "Book a flight to Stornoway immediately." 
Luke was stunned and looked at him in surprise: "Minister, you’re going to Stornoway now? But you have to go to Coburia tomorrow. The time won’t be enough if you go to find Ms. Aria now." 
"Minister, if you really miss Ms. Aria that much, I can bring her back." 
"It’s not because of this." Brandon Heath’s thick black eyebrows furrowed, and he said solemnly, "I’m worried Aria is in trouble."
###Chapter 1635: Chapter 1627: How Could It Be You
"Book your flight immediately and don’t waste any more time. This is settled; don’t say anything more." 
Luke: "..." 
Minister, isn’t this a bit stubborn? 
At this moment, Luke deeply felt the power of love. 
He should know that their Minister always valued work above all else. 
He had never let anything affect his work before. 
In his heart, work came first and then everything else. 
Even during his relationship with Aria Rowlett, he never let his personal feelings affect his work. 
This was his first time putting work aside. 
So for Luke, this was a surprising and unexpected event. 
He never thought Aria would hold such an important place in Brandon Heath’s heart. 
Luke knew that once Brandon made up his mind, he wouldn’t be able to persuade him otherwise. 
Though he didn’t agree with this decision, he could only comply and book the earliest available flight. 
At the same time, he started devising contingency plans in case Brandon’s schedule changed for tomorrow, so they could at least handle it. 
It wouldn’t be a last-minute scramble. 
* 
When Aria woke up from unconsciousness, she found herself lying in a strange bed. 
The room was also unfamiliar. 
Her head was still somewhat groggy, and she lay on the bed in a daze for nearly a minute before slowly regaining her senses. 
Her body was still weak, unable to muster much strength. 
She struggled to sit up from the bed. 
It took another minute before she recalled what had happened before she had passed out. 
Her father, Mr. Rowlett, called her downstairs for dinner. 
Mrs. Rowlett, for the first time ever, cooked a feast, serving Aria and pouring water for her, even apologizing to her. 
Then, Aria drank the water Mrs. Rowlett poured for her... 
Aria’s face turned pale, her heart seemingly slashed by a sharp blade. 
She never expected that her own mother would do such a thing to her. 
She thought that even if Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett were biased, she was still their daughter. 
They wouldn’t do anything too excessive. 
But now... 
Looking at the unfamiliar furnishings in the room and the tightly closed door, Aria gave a sarcastic smile. Her heart felt as if immersed in ice water, cold through and through. 
She had overestimated her parents, 
And her place in their hearts. 
With a creak, the door opened. 
Aria clenched the bedsheets beneath her, her eyes filled with caution and resentment as she looked at the door. 
After the door opened, a man entered from outside. 
The room was dark, so Aria couldn’t see what the man looked like, only vaguely discerning his silhouette. 
From the figure, he appeared to be a tall, imposing man. 
She bit her lip, eyeing a vase on a bedside table nearby. Slowly, she reached out one hand to grab it. 
"Click." 
The room suddenly lit up. 
The man turned on the light. 
When Aria saw the man’s face clearly, she widened her eyes in surprise. "Gage, why is it you?" 
Gage Maurice stood still, looking at her from a distance of five or six meters. 
His gaze was complex as he looked at Aria. After a few seconds, he finally spoke, "Aria, don’t you know what happened?" 
Aria shook her head. 
"Gage, where is this place?" Seeing Gage enter the room, Aria relaxed considerably and was not as fearful.
###Chapter 1636: Chapter 1628: Let’s Get Married
Gage Maurice was a childhood friend who grew up with her in the same neighborhood. 
From elementary school to junior high, they were both in the same school. 
Later, when she went to senior high school in the city, she and Gage were no longer in the same school. 
Aria was quite at ease with Gage. 
Having grown up together with their neighbor, Aria had a good understanding of what kind of person Gage was. 
She just didn’t know why Gage was here. 
After she passed out, where exactly did Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett send her? 
Gage looked at her hesitation for a few seconds before saying, "Aria, your parents have handed you over to me and asked me to take you away. This is Norwich, a beautiful and livable city. I..." 
"Gage," Aria interrupted, frowning, "My parents asked you to take me away, and you agreed? And why did you bring me here? What exactly did they ask you to do?" 
Gage’s eyes flickered for a moment, and he was silent for a while before whispering, "Aria, your parents told me that someone wants to harm you. That person has great power and is not something the Rowlett family can handle. If I don’t take you away, they won’t leave you alone." 
"They said that if we get married, they will not trouble you anymore," Gage reluctantly continued, glancing at Aria with an uneasy expression. 
Aria’s face changed at once, "Marriage?" 
"Yes, indeed," Gage looked up at her again, clenching his fist nervously, "Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett meant for us to get married and settle in this city." 
"That’s why they asked me to take you away."
"From now on, this will be our new home. Aria, I may not be able to provide you with a life of luxury, but I will do my best to take care of you," 
At this, Aria’s face turned pale. 
She took a deep breath and got out of bed. 
Her legs were still a bit weak, making it hard for her to stand steadily as she got out of bed. 
Seeing this, Gage quickly walked over to help her. 
Aria dodged his hand and leaned against the wall with one hand. 
"Gage, are you joking? How can we possibly get married?" Aria looked at him with a mix of shock, anger, and disbelief, "I don’t know what my parents told you, but I never planned to marry you." 
"I’m still in school, and I’m not even thinking about getting married." 
"If you had to agree to such an absurd request because of some pressure, then I..." 
"No, no one is forcing me!" Gage clenched his fists, and his fair, delicate face suddenly flushed. He glanced at Aria again before lowering his eyes, "Aria, actually, when our parents mentioned this to me, I was quite surprised." 
"I never thought that such a good thing would happen to me." 
Aria widened her eyes, "Gage, you..." 
"Aria, actually, I...I’ve liked you since we were kids," Gage said nervously, but with courage, "Being able to marry you and be your husband has always been my dream." 
"So, I...I’m doing this willingly." 
"I’ve heard from our parents that the person demanding your departure is very powerful.
###Chapter 1637: Chapter 1629: The Thing She Worried About Didn’t Happen
Aria, we’re just ordinary common people, we can’t fight them. Can you please listen to Uncle and Auntie? I swear I will treat you well." 
"Even if you don’t like me and don’t want to marry me, it’s alright. We can first get a marriage certificate, and I promise to respect your wishes and not do anything to force you until you fully accept me." 
"I’m really afraid that you’ll get hurt."
Aria Rowlett now fully understood what was going on. 
All of this, including the trap set to catch her brother Issac in debt, was targeted at her. 
And she already knew very clearly who was behind all of this. 
She wanted to sneer. 
Lady Octavia had gone to great lengths to get her away from Brandon Heath. 
Only by marrying someone else would Lady Octavia truly be at ease. 
"Gage, I’m sorry, but I still cannot agree to such an absurd request." Aria’s eyes showed not the slightest hesitation as she firmly said, "No matter what I face in the future, I will be in charge of my own life." 
"Not to mention something as big as marriage, I won’t get married for some ridiculous reason." 
Gage Maurice was stunned, and a hint of hurt flashed in his eyes. 
He wasn’t surprised by Aria’s rejection. 
It’s just that, even though he knew her agreeing was highly unlikely, he still held a glimmer of hope, thinking what if she did agree. 
Even if she didn’t love him, as long as she was willing to marry him, he would treat her well for the rest of his life. 
Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett let him take Aria away because they knew how he felt about her. 
Seeing Gage silent and not speaking, Aria hesitated for a moment and slowly walked in front of him. 
"Gage, I’m sorry. It’s not that you’re not good, it’s just..." 
"Aria, you don’t have to say anything." Gage raised his head with a bitter smile, "Actually, this was just my wishful thinking from the start. I knew that you would probably reject me, but until I heard you reject me in person, I couldn’t give up." 
"Now that I know what you’re thinking, don’t worry, I won’t force you to do anything you don’t want to do." 
Hearing him say this, Aria breathed a sigh of relief. 
Although she thought she knew Gage well, people do change after all. 
She was still scared that Gage would use force on her. Fortunately, her worries did not come true. 
"Gage, you’re really great, it’s just that I’ve always seen you as a brother since childhood." Aria thought for a moment and said tactfully, "You’re so good, you’ll definitely meet someone who’s better suited for you." 
Gage looked at her with a hint of bitterness in his heart. 
He wanted to tell her that he had loved her for over a decade. 
This feeling had grown very deep over time. 
Apart from her, he had never thought about marrying any other woman. 
From childhood until now, she was the only one he ever liked. 
In fact, there wasn’t anyone more suitable for him than her; she was the best for him. 
If he missed her, everything that came after would just be settling for less. 
But in the end, he didn’t say these words. 
He could see that Aria had absolutely no romantic feelings for him. 
So why bother telling her these meaningless words? Saying them would only make both of them feel awkward. 
"Hmm, I hope so." He squeezed a smile from the corner of his lips and said with a worried glint in his eyes, recalling Mr. and Mrs. Rowlett’s words, "Aria, what are you planning to do in the future? That person will probably still try to cause trouble for you."
###Chapter 1638: Chapter 1630: Brandon Heath actually came to find her.
Aria Rowlett thought for a moment and said, "Gage, can I borrow your phone?" 
Originally, there were some things she didn’t want to tell Brandon Heath. 
She wouldn’t let her relationship affect the bond between Lady Octavia and her son, Brandon. 
But now, she felt she had nothing to worry about. 
Her concerns had only led her to be bullied like this. 
"Of course," Gage Maurice immediately took out his phone and handed it to her. 
"Thank you." 
Aria took the phone and dialed Brandon Heath’s number. 
Unexpectedly, his phone was turned off. 
Aria’s brow furrowed, and then she dialed Luke’s number, but surprisingly, his phone was also off. 
She guessed that maybe they were in some important meeting, or on a plane. 
It was quite normal for Brandon to fly overseas at this time. 
She then dialed the phone number of Brandon’s residence. 
After being connected, Ria’s voice came through. 
"Ria," Aria called out. 
On the other end, Ria seemed to pause for a moment, then happily said, "Ms. Aria?" 
"Yes, it’s me," Aria asked, "Ria, is Brandon on a business trip abroad? I just called him and Luke, but both were unreachable, saying their phones were off." 
"Oh, Ms. Aria, finally you have turned on your phone," Ria said with joy. "Mr. Brandon is not on a business trip today. He went to find you, and Luke is with him. Mr. Brandon called you earlier, but your phone was off, so he’s been worried about you." 
"He was afraid that something might have happened to you in your hometown, and since he couldn’t contact you, he had to go find you himself." 
"If you count the time, Mr. Brandon should be getting off the plane soon. If you call him back later, you should be able to get through." 
Aria was surprised, "He came to my hometown to find me?" 
"Yes." 
"It’s a relief that you’re okay, Ms. Aria. Mr. Brandon is so kind to you. I’ve never seen him care so much about anyone. He dropped a lot of things just to find you. There’s nothing more important to him than his work," Ria said. 
"But now, in Mr. Brandon’s heart, you are more important than his work." 
She hung up the phone, and for a while, Aria still couldn’t believe it. 
Brandon had actually come to find her. 
Just because she didn’t answer her phone, he was worried about her. 
Not only Ria, even Aria herself didn’t think Brandon would go to such lengths for her. 
Meanwhile, 
With a shocked expression, Gage Maurice stared incredulously at Aria. 
His face filled with amazement, "Aria, does the Brandon Heath you just mentioned have anything to do with the Minister of Public Security? Their names seem to be the same." 
It was normal for not many people to know about Ashton Heath. 
But Brandon Heath often appeared in the public eye, and many knew of him. 
Aria was stunned for a moment, then turned her head to meet his gaze. 
A trace of hesitation flickered in her eyes, but in the end, she decided to tell the truth, "He is National Security Director Brandon." 
Gage Maurice’s face showed shock once again, "You know him?" 
"Yes, I know him," she replied. 
"What’s the relationship between you and him?" Gage Maurice had a vague guess in his heart, but he didn’t want to believe it. 
He also thought it was impossible. 
Aria Rowlett was just an ordinary student. 
However, listening to her conversation just now, she knew even Brandon Heath’s phone number, and their relationship seemed unusual.
###Chapter 1639: Chapter 1631: He is My Boyfriend
Aria Rowlett was silent for a moment, then said, "He’s my boyfriend." 
If she didn’t know about Gage Maurice’s feelings for her, she might have chosen to keep it a secret. 
But now, she felt that it’s better to tell him about it. 
This way, he shouldn’t have any more thoughts about her, and he wouldn’t waste his time on her anymore. 
Gage Maurice had guessed that the relationship between Brandon Heath and Aria Rowlett was unusual. 
But when he found out that Brandon Heath was actually Aria’s boyfriend, he was still shocked. 
An incredulous expression crossed his face. 
"Brandon Heath is your boyfriend? Aria, are you joking with me?" 
It’s not that he didn’t believe her, but someone at Brandon’s social standing and Aria simply belonged to two different worlds. 
People from their social class could never even come into contact with someone from Brandon’s class in their entire lives. 
It’s like one person lives in the heavens. 
And the other lives among the lower class. 
So how could Brandon Heath possibly be Aria Rowlett’s boyfriend? This was just too unbelievable. 
How did the two of them end up together? 
Aria looked straight at him and said, "Gage, I’m not joking with you. He really is my boyfriend. I know that many people won’t believe it. I can’t tell you the specific details of how we met, but I wouldn’t joke about something like this." 
But how could Gage not know this already? 
He also knew that Aria would never joke about things like this. 
He just didn’t want to believe it. 
If Aria’s boyfriend were just an ordinary person, he would still have a chance to compete. 
But Brandon Heath...
Gage knew very well how outstanding the man was. 
This was someone he could never surpass no matter how hard he tried in this lifetime. 
If Aria’s boyfriend was Brandon Heath, then he wouldn’t have any chance at all. 
"Aria, have you ever thought about this," Gage was silent for a moment, then looked up and continued, "your difference in status and identity with him is too great. You two... you won’t have any future together. Do you think he will marry you? This time, maybe it was his parents who arranged to have this done." 
"He is, after all, Brandon Heath, one of the possible candidates for the next president." 
"His wife must be a woman who is a matching match for him in social and economic status. By being with him... aren’t you afraid of getting hurt in the end?" 
Aria smiled, "What if there’s no result? It’s enough to have had a relationship with the person I love. Even for ordinary people, not every relationship will end up with a happy ending, right?" 
"There are many relationships that don’t have results too." 
"So, I think there’s no need to think too much about it. Just be happy and enjoy the moment. Gage, what do you think?" 
Gage looked at her, unable to say a word. 
Because he found that when Aria talked about Brandon Heath, her eyes lit up. 
She really liked Brandon Heath. 
Since she didn’t care about whether there would be any results in the end, what else could he say? 
"Aria, since you’ve made up your mind. Then... I wish you happiness." 
"Gage, thank you." 
Gage was silent for a few seconds, then asked, "Has Brandon Heath come looking for you?" 
"Yeah." 
"So, are you going to wait here for him?" 
"Yeah." 
"Alright, then you... you wait for him here. You’ve been asleep for so long, you must be hungry. I’ll go out and get you something to eat." 
"If you need anything, just call me. I’ll be right outside."
###Chapter 1640: Chapter 1632: Aria, are you crying?
After Gage Maurice finished talking, he turned and left. 
Not long after he left the bedroom, Aria Rowlett’s mobile phone rang. 
She looked down and saw Brandon Heath’s number on the screen, so she immediately picked up. 
"Aria, is that you?" 
As soon as the cold and familiar voice of the man came through, Aria’s nose tingled, and she suddenly felt like crying. 
The grievance she had been holding back all this time suddenly overwhelmed her upon hearing Brandon Heath’s voice. 
The man, who was usually calm and composed, sounded steady on the phone, but his voice carried a hint of anxiety. 
Aria could tell that he was worried about her. 
"Brandon Heath." She bit her lip, softly called out his name, and then her tears flowed with a "plop." 
"Aria, are you crying?" Brandon Heath’s voice sounded even more anxious than before. "Where are you now? Did you encounter any danger? Don’t be afraid, wherever you are, I will bring you back." 
"I have already gone to your hometown and just got off the plane. I will be able to bring you back soon." 
Aria’s tears simply could not be stopped. 
She didn’t know why her tears were uncontrollable the moment she heard Brandon Heath’s voice. 
Even though she felt exceptionally wronged and sad, she had managed not to cry. 
She thought she could be strong. 
But perhaps, her strength was meant only for certain people? 
"Brandon Heath." She wiped the tears off her face, choking back sobs as she said, "You made a wasted trip. I am not at my hometown anymore." 
"Not at your hometown? Then where are you?" 
"I am in another city, and I am very safe now, so you do not have to worry about me." 
"Then why are you crying? Where exactly are you?" 
Aria choked out the address to him through her sobs. 
"Alright, wait for me. I will come to you right away." 
* 
On the other end, Stornoway Airport. 
Brandon Heath hasn’t even left the VIP channel when he instructed Luke, his assistant, to rebook a plane ticket. 
Luke hesitated for a moment before trying to persuade him, "Mr. Brandon, your schedule tomorrow cannot be changed. Since Ms. Aria has said she is not in danger, there’s actually no need for you to go there in person. I can bring Ms. Aria back. Rest assured, I guarantee she will return to your side safe and sound." 
Brandon Heath shook his head: "I will pick her up personally." 
Earlier on the phone he heard Aria crying. 
It was his first time hearing Aria cry. 
In front of him, she always appeared carefree and unconcerned. Brandon Heath had never seen her cry before. 
That’s why, even though she said she was fine, he was certain that she must have been terrified. 
Otherwise, a girl like her who was always optimistic would not cry so easily. 
He said he would go get her, and he would. 
As for tomorrow’s work schedule, it was no longer the most important thing in his heart. 
"Sir, you..." Luke wanted to try persuading him again. 
With a cold glance from Brandon Heath, Luke immediately closed his mouth, not daring to say anything else. 
Who would have thought, the Minister deep in love would become a completely different person. 
Oh, how melancholic, 
Before, he had wished for the Minister to fall in love and worried that not having a romantic relationship or women around him for a long time would lead to issues with his sexual orientation. 
Also, fearing that paying too much attention to work would leave him lonely in the future. 
But now...
###Chapter 1641: Chapter 1633: Ah, it really is a calamity caused by a beauty
Minister finally got his wish and started dating, but Luke didn’t feel relieved at all. 
On the contrary, he began to worry anew. 
He worried that Brandon, now in love, would become preoccupied with his relationship and neglect his work. 
No, not later on. 
There were already signs of this happening with Brandon now. 
If he and Aria Rowlett were truly in the honeymoon phase, Luke didn’t dare think about what Brandon would become. 
Ah, indeed, a beauty brings disaster. 
Since ancient times, heroes have always fallen for beauties. Even a man like Brandon Heath, who had been chaste for so many years, could lose himself once he meets a woman. 
Luke silently complained to himself for a while before obediently booking the flight tickets. 
* 
Two hours later, Brandon Heath arrived in the city where Aria was staying. 
About an hour later, he arrived at the neighborhood Aria mentioned by car. 
Being a handsome man, his height and temperament were already enough to draw attention. 
Although he wore large sunglasses that almost covered half of his face, he couldn’t hide from the gazes of the opposite sex passing by him. 
"Wow, that man looks so stylish." 
"What a great figure—he’s my type, with long legs like a Korean heartthrob." 
"He looks familiar, like I’ve seen him somewhere before." 
"Yeah, I think I recognize him too." 
"Do you think...he looks like Brandon Heath?" 
"Brandon Heath? National Security Director Brandon Heath? He does look similar, but he can’t be. There’s no way Brandon Heath would come to our neighborhood." 
"Right, so maybe a passerby just looks like him. He does resemble Brandon Heath, but who knows if he still does without those sunglasses." 
At that moment, Brandon Heath, who was being discussed by a group of women, found the building where Aria Rowlett lived. After getting into the elevator, he pressed the floor button.
A minute later, he exited the elevator and arrived at Room 1801. 
Luke stepped forward, knocking on the door. 
After a moment, someone opened it. 
Gage Maurice, wearing an apron, opened the door and saw Luke and Brandon Heath standing outside. His body froze, and his fists clenched. 
He recognized him at a glance. 
The man with the imposing presence standing behind Luke was none other than Brandon Heath. 
He had seen him many times on TV, but seeing him in person had an even more profound impact. 
Because the Brandon Heath standing in front of him was even more striking in person. The man didn’t say a word, but his aura was incredibly powerful; Gage only had to glance at him to feel its immense pressure. 
He immediately looked away. 
"Is Ms. Aria here?" Luke’s expression turned slightly stern as he sized up Gage with a raised eyebrow. 
He looked at the door number again, making sure he hadn’t gotten it wrong. 
When he confirmed that he hadn’t, his brow furrowed even more. 
Who was this man? 
How did he end up in the same room as Aria? 
Normally, this wouldn’t be a big deal. 
But Aria was now the Minister’s girlfriend. 
Her sharing a room with another man was definitely cause for concern. 
Luke didn’t want his Minister to be crowned with an open Hulunbuir Prairie on his head—it would be a disgrace to his good name. 
Besides, this was the first time the Minister had ever been in a relationship.
###Chapter 1642: Chapter 1634: I’ll take you away now, let’s go home
What if this incident leaves a lasting shadow on her? 
So when Luke looked at Gage Maurice, there was hostility in his eyes. 
"Aria is here," Gage breathed deeply and mustered the courage to look at Brandon Heath again, hesitated for a moment, and then asked quietly, "Excuse me, is the gentleman in the back, Mr. Brandon Heath?" 
Brandon Heath looked at him and nodded gently. He was eager to see Aria Rowlett and asked directly, "Sir, are you a friend of Aria? I’m very worried about her. Can I go in and see her?" 
Even though Brandon Heath held a high position. 
But in front of Gage Maurice, he didn’t show any sense of superiority. 
Before Gage allowed him, he still stood outside the door. 
Gage naturally felt this too. 
Brandon’s various performances made him feel increasingly upset. 
Because he had to admit that this was indeed an outstanding man, a man he could never compare to. 
If he were Aria, who would he choose? 
The answer was obvious. 
In front of a man like Brandon, can a woman’s eyes still see other men? 
At this moment, Gage finally gave up. 
He stood aside with a bitter heart and made way: "Of course, Aria is inside. Please come in, Mr. Brandon." 
With his permission, Brandon didn’t waste a second. He nodded and immediately entered the room. 
As soon as he went in, he saw Aria Rowlett coming out of a bedroom. 
Their eyes met. 
Aria stared at him for a few seconds and then jogged over to him. 
"Brandon." 
She called out to him with a somewhat wronged voice and plunged into his arms, holding him tightly. 
Usually, if there were other people around, Brandon would push her away. 
Deep down, he was a rather conservative person who felt that public displays of affection were not good behavior. 
But at this moment, Brandon held the girl who had jumped into his arms, allowing her to hold him tightly as well. 
Aria’s head rested on his chest, her heartbeat, originally steady and strong, gradually quickening. 
She smelled the familiar scent of the man, her sense of security returned in an instant, and the unease in her heart disappeared entirely. 
Brandon actually came to find her. 
At this moment, Aria leaned into this man’s arms and felt extremely at ease. 
Because she knew that as long as Brandon was by her side, no one could harm her in the slightest. 
He would definitely protect her and not let her suffer any harm. 
Even though they hadn’t been together for a long time, and even though she didn’t know him very well. 
She had that kind of trust in him. 
"Aria, don’t be afraid," Brandon held the girl in his arms, feeling at ease as well. 
On the plane, he had thought of countless possibilities. 
Each possibility frightened him. 
Although he would never leave her no matter what happened, it would be hard to make up for any harm done to her. 
Luckily. 
The things he was worried about didn? happen. 
She still seemed fine, nestling safely in his arms at this moment. 
"Aria, don’t be afraid, I’m already by your side. With me here, no one can hurt you." Brandon gently touched her head, his voice softer than ever before, "I’ll take you away now, let’s go home."
###Chapter 1643: Chapter 1635: His Tenderness is Deadly
"Mhm." Aria Rowlett nodded, not willing to let go of her arms around his waist, still holding him tightly. "Brandon Heath, why did you come? You shouldn’t be off work today, right?" 
Brandon Heath smiled: "Well, there are some things. But they’re not that important." 
Luke, who followed him in, said: "..." 
Minister, can you say that again?! 
Not that important? 
Are you sure? 
They are all very important matters, okay. 
"Am I not holding you back from work?" Aria leaned against his chest for a while, slowly lifted her head, and said with a hint of apology in her eyes, "Actually, you didn’t have to come. I didn’t encounter any danger, and you didn’t need to make this trip." 
"If I held you back from work because of me, I would feel guilty." 
After all, Aria knew what kind of boyfriend she was dating. 
Brandon Heath being held back from work had a different impact compared to ordinary people. 
"It’s not holding me back." Brandon Heath’s voice was gentle to death, "If I don’t come here in person, I won’t feel at ease. Even if I hadn’t come, I wouldn’t have been able to concentrate on work." 
Aria’s heart trembled slightly. 
Looking at the gentle man in front of her, that feeling of heart pounding suddenly surged up. 
At this moment, she was thinking that even if there was no result between her and Brandon Heath in the future, it was worth having this love affair with him. 
She didn’t know if she would regret it if they separated later. 
But if they separated now, she would definitely regret it! 
So she decided to follow her heart. 
She didn’t want to think about the future. 
Gage Maurice entered with Luke. 
But he stopped at the door. 
He looked at the scene of Aria Rowlett and Brandon Heath embracing each other, and his heart was indescribable. 
The two of them seemed well suited together. 
And the way Brandon Heath treated Aria was not what he had imagined. 
He thought... 
The relationship between Brandon Heath and Aria was definitely not equal. 
In this relationship, Aria must have paid more, and because of the identity difference, Aria must have been humble in this relationship. 
But what he saw was not the case. 
Brandon Heath seemed to care a lot about Aria. 
Aria didn’t seem humble in front of him. 
The two were on an equal footing. 
In front of Aria, Brandon Heath was just an ordinary man who cared about his girlfriend. 
Gage Maurice felt his heart getting more and more sour. 
He hoped that Aria would be happy. 
But seeing her so happy, he felt sad. 
Because the man who made her happy was not him. 
Luke was very good at observing people’s expressions, and Gage Maurice’s abnormal reaction was naturally seen by him. 
He turned around and patted Gage Maurice on the shoulder, lowering his voice: "This guy, you better stop thinking about it. Aria Rowlett is Mr. Brandon’s woman, and you can’t compete with him." 
"Give up. After becoming Mr. Brandon’s woman, her vision has improved, and she will never look at any other man besides him." 
Gage Maurice: "..." 
He knew all this. 
This man was really annoying, he had to stab him in the heart again. 
"You shouldn’t be too sad either. After all, losing to Mr. Brandon is not a disgrace."
###Chapter 1644: Chapter 1636: Tell Them She’s My Girlfriend
After thinking about it, Luke felt that his previous words might have been a bit too much, so he tried to console Gage, "Ms. Aria’s choice of going with Mr. Brandon is because the gap between your abilities is too wide. It’s not that you’re not good enough, it’s just that compared to Mr. Brandon, you really can’t compete." 
Gage Maurice: "..." 
I beg you, please shut up. 
"Ah, I can see that you really like Ms. Aria. But don’t think about her anymore, you and Ms. Aria are destined to be apart in this life. If there’s a next life...never mind, even in another life, Ms. Aria would still be with Mr. Brandon. She can only be our master’s woman." 
"Anyway, just stop thinking about her." 
Gage Maurice: "..." 
This guy is so annoying, I really want to hit him. 
Before, I often saw him on TV with Brandon Heath, he always appeared to be a very serious and solemn person.
But in private, is he really such a gossip? 
You really can’t judge a book by its cover. 
* 
It was already late when Brandon Heath flew to several places and finally arrived in the city where Aria Rowlett lived. 
There was no time to bring Aria back to Closia. 
For the first time, Brandon Heath felt a sense of crisis about Aria’s situation, and he was unwilling to let her go back alone. 
He immediately told Luke to give Aria a week’s vacation. 
Aria was already close to the end of her internship and had been going to school less and less. With Brandon Heath’s intention to help her take a leave, not to mention a week’s vacation, even a year’s vacation would be a piece of cake. 
Luke arranged the leave and informed Ashton Heath. 
After speaking, he hesitated and asked, "Minister, since you’ve given Ms. Aria a week’s vacation, are you planning to take her on your business trip?" 
In the hotel’s study room, Brandon Heath was reviewing a document. Upon hearing this, he looked up at Luke and nodded, "Yes, that’s my plan. So, you should arrange it and change my itinerary to accommodate two people." 
Luke: "..." 
Brandon Heath really decided on that. 
For a moment, the expression on his face was somewhat embarrassing. 
He realized that his worries were gradually coming true. 
His family’s wise and talented, pure-hearted and desire-free Minister who never cared much for women was truly blinded by love. 
From leaving everything behind to come and find Aria, to deciding to take her along on his overseas business trip, all of this was unusual behavior for him. 
These were things he never would have done before now! 
Aria, that woman, is truly amazing. 
She’s only been with their Minister for a short period, and she’s already enchanted him. 
"Minister, are you sure you want to bring Ms. Aria along? This might inconvenience your upcoming plans. Furthermore, there are a few private banquets in your itinerary. Will you be bringing Ms. Aria along on those as well?" 
"If someone asks about your relationship with Ms. Aria, you..." 
Without hesitation, Brandon Heath said, "I’ll introduce her to them generously and tell them she’s my girlfriend." 
Luke: "..." 
Forget it, he didn’t ask the question. 
Since he had already decided to take her along, he obviously wouldn’t be hiding anything. 
Those private banquets, though called private, were actually attended by very important and special people. 
Even female companions were not allowed to attend these banquets.
###Chapter 1645: Chapter 1637: With this flattery, the whole person becomes greasy.
Family members excluded. 
If Brandon Heath wanted to bring Aria Rowlett along, it would mean that he acknowledged her as his family member. 
Was this...his plan to marry Aria Rowlett? 
When Luke thought of the possibility that Aria might become the Minister’s Wife, he felt that he should treat her with more respect in the future. 
Otherwise. 
What if she blew some sweet nothings in the Minister’s ear? Would he, a small assistant, have any good days ahead? 
"Understood, Minister, I will arrange the itinerary immediately." 
After Luke left the study, he saw Aria walking over with a cup of coffee in her hand. 
"Ms. Aria." 
After realizing Aria’s importance in Brandon’s heart more clearly, Luke’s attitude towards her was even more polite than before, even with a touch of reverence. 
Subconsciously, he had already regarded Aria as the future Minister’s Wife. 
Given the Minister’s personality, as long as Aria didn’t do anything to jeopardize their relationship, the chances of her marrying the Minister were pretty high. 
Even if her family background was not a match for the Minister. 
But as long as the Minister was determined about her, even if his parents disagreed, it would be useless. 
Just like how Mr. Ashton had married a common girl back then without their parents’ consent. 
These two brothers were both people with their own opinions. 
They would not separate from the one they determined just because of their family’s opposition. 
After all, the Heath family’s growing strength now relied on the brothers, not the other way around. 
They were not like those playboys who lived a privileged life by relying on their families and couldn’t even support themselves once they left. 
"Luke, is Brandon Heath still busy right now?" Aria had just brewed a cup of coffee and wanted to bring it in to him. 
Although Brandon had neglected his busy work to come and find her, after confirming her safety, he had gone back to his official business. 
Knowing that he had a lot on his plate, Aria didn’t want to disturb him, so she handed the freshly brewed coffee to Luke, "Please bring the coffee to him." 
"Ms. Aria, you should bring it in yourself." Luke didn’t reach out to take it. 
"I better not disturb him." 
"Not at all." Luke immediately said, "Ms. Aria, the Minister will only be happy to see you. When he is happy, his work will be more motivated, and his efficiency will be much higher. So, Ms. Aria, you will not only not disturb him, but you will also improve his work efficiency. You don’t need to send him any coffee; you are his energy booster." 
"..." 
Aria’s lips twitched. 
Why did she feel like Luke had suddenly become more obsequious? 
Was it her illusion? 
Although after she and Brandon officially started dating, Luke’s attitude towards her was quite good. 
But it was never as obsequious as now. 
"Come on, Ms. Aria, please go in; the Minister needs your cup of coffee right now." 
Luke also kindly opened the door to the study. 
Aria: "..." 
It wasn’t her illusion, was it? 
Luke really had become much more obsequious. 
With this obsequiousness, he had become rather greasy. 
Aria looked at him, her mouth twitching twice, and after thinking for a moment, she still carried the coffee in. 
After she went in, Luke gently closed the door and left the presidential suite.
###Chapter 1646: Chapter 1638: Of course, it’s for you to learn
* 
Upon entering the study, Aria Rowlett saw Brandon Heath intently dealing with official business. 
Even as she approached the desk, he didn’t look up. 
Aria didn’t want to disturb him. 
For her sake, Brandon had already spent a lot of time. 
She gently placed the coffee on the desk, intending to leave. 
As she turned around, she heard Brandon’s clear voice from behind her: "You made coffee for me?" 
Aria turned back and saw him put down the file in his hand and took a sip of the coffee she had prepared. 
"Yes, I made it. How’s the taste?" 
Back at his residence, it was always Ria who made the coffee. 
Aria learned from Ria. 
Although the taste might not be exactly like Ria’s, she thought it should be close enough. 
She knew nothing about his work. 
Even if she wanted to help share the workload, she couldn’t. 
So all she could do was make coffee for him and cook some late-night snacks. 
Brandon took a sip, and the corners of his eyes and mouth showed a hint of a smile as he said, "It’s quite good. How did you know I like black coffee?" 
"Ria told me." 
"So, was it Ria who taught you how to make it? This cup of coffee tastes quite similar to the one she makes."
Aria nodded: "Yes, Ria taught me." 
Brandon lifted his lips, took another sip, and then looked at her: "Why did you think of learning to make coffee from Ria?" 
"Of course it’s for you," Aria replied honestly. 
Brandon was taken aback, and his handsome face suddenly felt a little hot. Lowering his head, he coughed to cover his embarrassment: "Is that so?" 
Aria hadn’t noticed his discomfort and nodded: "Yes, of course, I learned for you. I don’t even like this bitter coffee. Ria said you like it, so I learned from her when I had nothing else to do. That way, even if she’s not here, I can still make coffee for you." 
The man’s face, already slightly flushed, grew even warmer upon hearing her words. 
It wasn’t that he had never encountered women confessing their feelings to him face to face. 
But when other women confessed, his heart remained unmoved. 
However, every word Aria said had a profound effect on his emotions. 
This wasn’t even a confession, but he was already incapable of maintaining his composure. 
"Do you really think the taste is not bad?" 
"Yes, it’s very good." 
Aria was delighted and smiled: "In that case, I can make coffee for you from now on. Alright, you can get back to work, I won’t disturb you any longer. I’ll go out first. Don’t work too late; although work is important, your health is even more important." 
"If you get hungry, just let me know. I saw some ingredients in the refrigerator earlier that could be used for late-night snacks." 
With his eyes downcast, Brandon nodded: "Okay." 
He thought for a moment before asking, "Can you cook too?" 
"Of course." Aria raised her chin, "That’s a life skill everyone should learn. I could already cook when I was in junior high. Although I haven’t been cooking much lately, so my culinary skills have become a bit rusty. But I can still manage basic home-cooked meals." 
Brandon laughed: "Indeed, that is the most basic life skill. However, there aren’t many girls who can cook nowadays." 
"Are you happy about that?"
###Chapter 1647: Chapter 1639: How Can He Not Make Women Fall for Him?
Brandon Heath paused, looking up in confusion: "Huh?" 
Aria Rowlett looked at him with a smile. She chuckled and said, "Because you found such a virtuous girlfriend like me. Not only can I make coffee for you, but I can also cook for you in the future. Aren’t you happy about that?" 
Brandon Heath hesitated for a few seconds, his Adam’s apple moved, and he let out a deep, pleasant laugh: "Mhm, I’m happy." 
Seeing him laugh, Aria Rowlett’s lips couldn’t help but curve upwards. 
"Alright, I won’t disturb you anymore. Go ahead and get back to work." 
"Aria," Brandon Heath looked up from the files in his hands. 
Aria blinked, looking at him, "Do you need anything?" 
"You just said... you could make me a late-night snack?" Brandon Heath’s eyes showed a hint of expectation. 
Aria was stunned for a second, then nodded, "Yeah. Are you hungry now? I can go make it for you right away. But if it’s too complicated, I wouldn’t know how to make it. I know how to make just some noodles or something like that, so if you don’t like that..." 
"I like it." Before she could finish, Brandon Heath gently interrupted, "No matter what you make, I’ll like it." 
Upon hearing those words, Aria felt extremely delighted. 
She smiled sweetly, "Alright, then wait for me. I’ll go make it now. There are seafood in the fridge, can I make Paella?" 
"Yes," Brandon Heath gazed at her softly, "Whatever you make, I’ll eat." 
Their eyes met, and Aria sighed at the sight of his gentle and seemingly shimmering deep eyes, making her heartbeat quicken even more. 
How could a man like Brandon Heath not make girls’ hearts throb? 
He has all the qualities that make women easily fall for him. 
With such a handsome face, and smiling so tenderly at her, even his tone while speaking was incredibly gentle and soft. 
How could she resist such a man? 
He was simply her ideal type! 
She wondered if she had saved the universe in her past life. 
That must be the reason why God is treating her so well, arranging such a good man like Brandon Heath to be by her side. 
* 
Aria left the study, a smile still on her lips. 
She was in a particularly good mood. 
Even after all the terrible things that had happened earlier, it didn’t affect her. 
However, that changed when she received a call from Mrs. Rowlett. 
"Aria, what’s going on? I entrusted you to Gage for your own good, and yet you let him come back alone? Don’t you know that the person you’ve provoked is someone the Rowlett family cannot afford to offend? Are you deliberately trying to bring bad luck to our family?" 
Aria didn’t expect Mrs. Rowlett to take the initiative to call her even though Aria hadn’t called her first. 
Moreover, as soon as Mrs. Rowlett started speaking, she began accusing Aria. 
"I’ve just found out that your brother’s situation is also because of you. What kind of trouble have you gotten into that would bring such misfortune to our family? You should let them come after you, not your brother." 
"Let me tell you, if Issac gets hurt again because of you, I will never forgive you in this lifetime." 
"Now you come back home immediately and get the marriage certificate with Gage, do you hear me?" 
Aria’s face went cold and she didn’t make a sound, waiting for Mrs. Rowlett to finish. 
"Aria, did you hear what I just said?" Mrs. Rowlett became even angrier upon not hearing Aria’s response, "Don’t pretend to be dead, hurry up and come home, do you hear me?" 
"Mrs. Rose Lawrence, are you done?"
###Chapter 1648: Chapter 1640: Do you want to wash your hands of it now?
Aria Rowlett’s voice was surprisingly calm, yet colder and more indifferent than ever: "I heard every word you said. And I’m telling you right now, I’m not going back to that so-called family." 
"What did you say?" Mrs. Rowlett sounded like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, her voice exploding, "Say that again, what did you mean just now?" 
"What do you mean ’you’re not coming back,’ you’re leaving your family?" 
Aria sneered, her eyes full of mockery: "When you made your choice, you never considered me as your daughter, did you? In your eyes, only Issac is your child. As for me..." 
"I’m just disposable." 
"Since I’m dispensable in your hearts, what’s the point of me returning to that so-called family?" 
"The only thing I should be grateful for now is that you gave me to Gage instead of some other man. Otherwise, who knows what would have happened by now." 
Mrs. Rowlett seemed unprepared for these words. 
It took her a long time to respond angrily, "What’s wrong with Gage? Our families have known each other for many years, you two grew up together, and he’s such an outstanding child. How is he not good enough for you? Do you really think that just because you went to Film Academy, you’re a famous star?" 
"I trusted him because he’s reliable, and our families know each other well. How can you say that I don’t consider you my daughter? Aria, do you have any conscience left? I went through ten months of pregnancy and raised you with great difficulty, is this how you repay me?" 
"If it weren’t for you, would our Rowlett family have gotten into this trouble?" 
"Are you trying to wash your hands of it?! Do you have a conscience?!" 
Aria’s voice remained cold, "I will handle this matter. If there’s nothing else, I’ll hang up now."
Having said that, before Mrs. Rowlett could make any more response, Aria hung up the phone. 
Then, she blocked her mother’s number. 
After doing all this, her eyes suddenly began to sting, and so did her nose. 
She couldn’t help but care, after all. 
Facing her parents’ favoritism, she was still hurt. 
Even though they had been this biased for over ten years. 
But she had lived in the Rowlett house for so many years. 
Even if she appeared not to care on the surface, how could she truly not care at all? 
Aria felt terrible, and she wanted to find someone to talk to. 
She dialed Joanna’s number. 
* 
By the time Aria’s call came in, it was already late. 
Joanna was asleep, but the vibration from her phone woke her up. 
She picked up the phone, saw an unfamiliar number on the screen, and was about to hang up when her finger accidentally pressed the answer button. 
A familiar voice, tinged with tears, came through, "Baby, it’s me." 
"Aria?" Joanna looked at the time; it was already past one in the morning. 
She looked at the man sleeping beside her, not wanting to disturb him. So, she tiptoed out of bed and walked to the balcony to answer the phone. 
"Aria, what happened? Are you crying?" 
In the afternoon, she got in touch with Aria and found out that Brandon had already found her, so she was relieved. 
But now, hearing Aria cry on the phone, Joanna grew worried again.
###Chapter 1649: Chapter 1641: I’m Afraid Her Next Move Will Be Even More Ruthless
"Baby, are you already asleep? Did I wake you up?" 
Since she had to go to the film shooting early, Joanna Lawrence went to bed early. When Aria Rowlett called her, she was in a deep sleep. 
But she lied: "I just lay down for a while and haven’t fallen asleep yet." 
"How about heartthrob, is he with you?"
"Mm, he’s asleep. So I came to the balcony to answer the phone." The temperature in the early morning was a bit chilly, and the wind blew on Joanna’s face, driving away her only trace of sleepiness. 
"Aria, why aren’t you sleeping at this late hour?" Joanna sounded worried, "Did something happen? Is Brandon Heath with you?" 
"I can’t sleep." Aria went silent for a moment, then said, "He is with me, but he spent a lot of time looking for me, and now he’s busy in the study. Baby, are you sleepy now?" 
Joanna realized Aria had something to say, so she replied, "Not sleepy, I slept early today. Aria, do you have something to tell me?" 
"Mhm. I don’t know if I should tell you, but now, besides you, I don’t know who else to talk to about these things. Baby, I want to tell you something and ask for your advice." 
Aria paused for a few seconds before continuing: "Baby, you know that Issac was arrested because he owed someone money. But do you know who set him up? Although I don’t have complete evidence yet, I’m sure it was her." 
Confusion floated in Joanna’s eyes: "Who?" 
"Lady Octavia." 
Lady Octavia?! 
Joanna was surprised for a few seconds, and her face showed astonishment: "She set him up? So she got Issac arrested, and the actual target is you? She wants to use Issac to force you to leave Brandon?" 
"Pretty much, but her methods are even more powerful than you think. She didn’t directly use Issac to force me away from Brandon, because she knows her son is capable of repaying those ten million dollars. She threatened my parents to get them to help her solve the problem." 
"If I just agreed to leave Brandon, maybe I would change my mind at some point." 
"But if I married another man, she wouldn’t have anything to worry about." 
Joanna was shocked again: "You mean she forced you to marry someone else?" 
"She talked to my parents. I don’t know what they discussed, but my parents want me to marry another man for Issac’s sake. Thankfully, that person is a neighbor I’ve known since childhood, otherwise, I wouldn’t know who I’d face when I open my eyes." 
"Joanna, do you think I should tell Brandon about this?" 
"If I tell him, will he stand by my side or support his mother?" 
"If he supports his mother, do you think we can break up?" 
Brandon treats her very well. 
But Aria didn’t have absolute confidence that he would stand by her side. 
After all, Lady Octavia is his biological mother. 
Brandon must be a dutiful son. 
Aria never expected that he would quarrel with Lady Octavia for her sake. 
Joanna seriously thought for a while before saying, "Aria, if you are asking for my opinion, I think you can tell him. This time, Lady Octavia didn’t succeed, but there’s no guarantee she won’t try again. You can’t fight her alone." 
"I’m afraid she’ll be even more ruthless next time." 
"Only by letting Brandon know about this and letting him handle it can you possibly solve it well. Even if it’s not resolved properly, with his ability, he can protect you." 
"I believe he’s not a blindly obedient person and will definitely stand by your side." 
"When I first started dating Ashton Heath, I was also worried about the same thing as you are. But his performance did not disappoint me. I believe that Brandon is also the same, he won’t be confused by what’s right and wrong just because Lady Octavia is his mother."
###Chapter 1650: Chapter 1642: Well, consider this a test.
"If he really can’t tell right from wrong and is biased towards Lady Octavia, then you can indeed reconsider your relationship with him." 
It was an unequal relationship to begin with. 
With such a significant disparity between their social statuses, if Brandon Heath does not stand by Aria, then their relationship will be hard to continue. 
And there won’t be a good outcome. 
If Brandon cannot give Aria happiness, Joanna naturally would not want them to continue being together. 
Because this incident would definitely not be the last. 
If Lady Octavia doesn’t succeed this time, she will continue trying again and again. 
If Brandon doesn’t protect Aria, her situation will be very dangerous. 
After a moment of silence on Aria’s side, she spoke up. "Mm, Baby, I know what I should do now. Actually, when I first got together with Brandon, I knew we would face some problems in the future. I didn’t expect it to come so early." 
"That’s good in a way, take it as a test." 
"If we can get through it, we’ll continue together. If we can’t, it’s better to break up early anyway. After all, our feelings for each other are not that deep yet. If we break up... it shouldn’t be too hard, right?" 
Aria sounded very carefree. 
But how could Joanna not know? Aria was not as carefree as she appeared. 
Brandon Heath was Aria’s ideal type. 
If they really break up, Aria will definitely be sad. 
Moreover, this was Aria’s first romantic relationship, which held a very different significance. 
So Joanna still hoped that they could have a good outcome. 
"Aria, have a good talk with Brandon." 
"Yeah, I will. Baby, you have film shooting tomorrow, right? You should go to sleep now." 
"What about you? Aren’t you going to sleep now?" 
"I’m not sleepy. I’m going to the kitchen to make some late night snacks for Brandon. Baby, I’ll hang up now. Good night, sweet dreams." 
"Okay, good night. Call me if there’s anything else." 
"Mm." 
Joanna hung up the phone and stood thinking for a while. She was just about to turn around and head back inside when she saw Ashton standing behind her. 
She jumped in surprise. 
Reaching out, she lightly tapped Ashton’s chest. "You’re awake? When did you wake up? How come I didn’t notice you at all? You scared me." 
Ashton caught her soft little hand and laughed. "I’ve been awake for a little while. It’s not that I didn’t make any sound, you were just too absorbed in your conversation and didn’t notice me. Who called you this late at night? Aria Rowlett?" 
"Mm."
"What did she want at this hour?" 
Joanna hesitated for a moment, then looked up at him. "Brandon Heath, do you know why Aria’s brother owes money to others and got taken to the police station?" 
Brandon knew she wouldn’t just ask this casually. "Did Aria say something to you?" 
"Yeah, Aria called to tell me something." 
"What’s the matter?" 
Knowing Ashton was not one to be blindly loyal, Joanna didn’t hide it from him. She directly told him, "Aria told me that her brother was set up. And the person who set him up... might be Mom." 
Ashton was stunned, his eyes narrowing. "Mom set it up?" 
"Yeah. She did this to try to break up Aria and Brandon. She was initially unhappy with my family background, but you took the initiative and we got married before she could stop us. But Aria and Brandon aren’t married yet, and she definitely doesn’t want Aria to marry Brandon."
###Chapter 1651: Chapter 1643: If it were me, I would naturally stand by you.
In fact, even if she and Ashton Heath had already obtained their marriage certificate, Lady Octavia still hadn’t given up. 
Post-marriage, she still tried every method to force her and Ashton Heath apart. 
And this goes even more for Aria Rowlett. 
Lady Octavia takes family status so seriously that she would never want Aria Rowlett to marry Brandon Heath. 
Ashton Heath’s eyes half-closed in silence for a few seconds, and then his arm encircled her as they walked inside. In the meanwhile, he said, "Does Brandon know about this?" 
Joanna shook her head: "Aria hasn’t told him yet. She called me because she wanted to ask my opinion. She’s wondering whether she should tell Brandon about this." 
"What did you suggest?" 
"I advised her to tell him." Joanna didn’t beat around the bush, telling it as it is, "Aria definitely can’t outwit Mom. Mom is determined to separate her and Brandon. Even if she didn’t succeed this round, she definitely wouldn’t give up." 
"Only if Brandon knew about this, could he protect Aria well" 
"And in retrospect, this matter arose because of him, he ought to know, right?" 
"Do you think my suggestion is right?" 
The two entered the bedroom. 
Ashton Heath guided Joanna to sit by the bed, he stood by the bedhead looking down at her: "Your suggestion is not wrong, Brandon must know about this matter. You’re right, Aria is not a match for Mom. Only if Brandon knew about this matter can she be well-protected."
"Wouldn’t you think that I have selfish motives?" Joanna lifted her face to look at him. 
"Selfish motives?" Ashton Heath slightly curved his lips. "What kind of selfish motives?" 
"I mean, I intentionally let Aria to tell Brandon this issue, causing discord between Brandon and Mom." 
Ashton Heath was taken aback, laughed and pinched her face: "Don’t I know what kind of person my wife is? I know you are worried about Aria’s safety." 
His complete trust made Joanna feel incredibly warm. 
Her lips curved up slightly: "So in your opinion, does Brandon side with Aria or with Mom?" 
"What do you think?" 
Ashton Heath sat down beside her, stretched out his hand to stroke her head, and said in a gentle tone: "Brandon and I have similar temperaments. All I know is, if it were me, I would naturally take your side." 
"If it’s about people I care about, I always side with the one who’s right, not with the relative." 
"Also, Mom was clearly wrong this time." 
"Then I can rest assured." Joanna sighed softly, "This is the first love relationship for both Brandon and Aria. I really hope that they end up well. It would be such a shame if they broke up due to certain reasons." 
"They’ll have a good ending." 
Ashton Heath enclosed her into his arms, bent down and lightly kissed her forehead, softly saying, "The only reason for Brandon to break up with Aria is when she no longer wishes to be with him. As long as she still wants to be with Brandon, they’ll not part." 
"So you don’t need to worry about her." 
"It’s not early anymore, you need to rise early tomorrow, go to sleep." 
Joanna checked the time, indeed it wasn’t early anymore. 
She nodded, "Alright." 
* 
The following morning, Joanna rose early to go to the film crew. 
Ashton Heath also got up at the same time, accompanying her to the film crew. 
This was the last day of the shoot. 
After today’s shoot, the TV series Joanna had been working on would be officially wrapped up. 
Everyone was in high spirits that day, so naturally the efficiency was high as well.
###Chapter 1652: Chapter 1644: I Really Didn’t Choose the Wrong Person
The scene, which was originally scheduled to take a full day to shoot, was completed in just half a day. 
The last scene was a sweet and happy ending. 
In it, male lead played by Kelvin Norman took a stab for Joanna Lawrence’s Female Lead 1, and was severely injured and rushed to the hospital. 
Female Lead 1 cried outside the operating room, nearly fainting several times. 
Fortunately, in the end, the doctor came out and informed her that the male lead was out of danger. 
Afterward, the male lead recuperated in the hospital. 
On the day he was discharged, with the help and witness of a group of friends, he proposed to Female Lead 1. 
Naturally, she agreed. 
Then, the male and female leads embraced happily together, and the camera zoomed out, signaling the grand finale. 
When Gary White shouted, "OK, that’s a wrap," Joanna slowly stepped out of Kelvin’s arms. 
"Mr. Norman, thank you for your guidance and support these past few months. You’ve taught me a lot, and it’s been an honor to work with you." 
Wrapping up meant that the film crew, who had become close over a few months, would soon part ways. 
After spending several months together, Joanna had developed good relationships with many in the crew, making it hard to say goodbye, especially to Kelvin Norman. 
To her, Kelvin was a senior and teacher. 
Over the past few months, as a senior, he had taken great care of her, and she really didn’t want to part ways with such a good mentor. 
After spending several months together, they had developed some feelings for each other. 
"It’s not about guidance or support," Kelvin smiled and said. "Out of all the female actresses I’ve worked with, you’re the one I find most relaxing to work with. If there’s a chance in the future, I’d love to partner with you again in a TV series." 
"That’s what I should be saying," Joanna replied quickly. "I wish I could work with you again in the future." 
"You will," said Kelvin, looking at her confidently. "Just keep working hard." 
"Yeah, I’ll try my best," she replied. 
After chatting for a bit longer, Joanna walked over to Gary White. 
"Brother, I’d like to watch the playback of this last scene." 
Gary White nodded and gestured for her to sit down beside him. 
As Joanna sat down and watched for a while, she couldn’t help but sigh, "I kept looking forward to wrapping up before, but now that it’s actually over, I feel reluctant." 
"That’s always the case," Gary White laughed and said. "This wrap-up came much faster than I expected. Normally, it would’ve taken another half a month. You all performed so well that we saved so much time." 
"Especially you, Joanna." 
Gary White didn’t hesitate to praise his sister: "Your performance every day surprises me, and I can feel your progress. You’ve done so well this time; I knew I made the right choice." 
"Brother, do you really think I did well, or are you just saying that because I’m your sister?" 
"Of course, it’s because you really did well," Gary White said earnestly. "Even if you’re my sister, I would still criticize you if you didn’t do well. But good performance deserves praise." 
Joanna laughed, "So, I really did do well." 
"Yes, this is your first TV series, and you’ve performed exceptionally well. In you, I see the shadow of someone else." 
"Who?" 
"Star Pope," Gary White said. "In her early years, Star Pope was also very talented in acting, which is why she won several Best Actress Awards early on.
###Chapter 1653: Chapter 1645: For the sake of gaining fame, Annie Lawrence dares to confront even Peter Wiggins.
"In my opinion, your performance is even a little bit better than Star Pope back in her days." 
This kind of praise made Joanna feel a little flattered. 
"Brother, stop praising me." She stretched her hand to cover her slightly burning face. "I would feel embarrassed if you keep praising me like this. I dare not compare myself to Ms. Lister." 
"Why not?" 
Gary White stroked her head with affection, "My sister, after all, has the qualification to compete with anyone." 
"After wrapping up this time, you can give yourself a break and not take on more work right away. You and Ashton are newly married, and you two still need more time to cultivate your relationship. It wouldn’t be good if you were filming all year round." 
Although her career is important, Gary White still hopes that his sister can have a harmonious family life. 
"Yeah, Bro, I know." Joanna nodded, looking adorable and obedient. 
Seeing her like this, Gary White’s heart softened, and he couldn’t help but gently touch her forehead again: "Mom has been talking about you all the time. When you go back, find a time to go home." 
"Yeah." 
Recently, Madam White was too busy to stay in Frankfurt. 
However, she kept in touch with Joanna through phone and video calls. 
Joanna would have a video call with her for more than an hour every day, and Madam White would call her at least twice a day. 
"By the way, your sister..." Gary White’s brow furrowed slightly. "Did she change her target again?" 
"Huh?" 
"I heard she was with Mr. Green before, but last night I saw her with another man at the entertainment venue." Gary White showed disdain when mentioning Annie Lawrence. 
It was a good thing that Joanna hadn’t been influenced by such a woman. 
Joanna was stunned for a moment but quickly regained her composure. 
Annie was the kind of person who would do anything to achieve her goals. 
At first, she wanted to compete with Joanna for David Benington and hoped that David could help promote her career. 
Later, the Benington Group was acquired, and David was reassigned to another place. 
So she went after Mr. Green. 
Now that Mr. Green had fallen from power, it was quite normal for her to change her target. 
However, Joanna didn’t know what kind of man she had switched to this time. 
Just as she was thinking about it, she heard Gary White say, "She picked the wrong man this time. That guy is notoriously abnormal and not someone to mess with. She’s really got some nerve. I’m sure she’ll suffer a lot in the future." 
"Who is she with?" Joanna couldn’t help but ask when she heard him say this. 
"Peter Wiggins. He’s known for having psychological problems and being abnormal. Several female artists have been with him before, and they all ended up in the hospital." 
Peter Wiggins? 
Being in the entertainment industry, Joanna was no stranger to this name. 
Peter Wiggins was a very influential figure in the industry and was excellent at promoting others. 
As long as he was willing to support someone, he could definitely make them famous. 
But as Gary White pointed out, the man was an outright pervert. 
Joanna had heard of several female artists who were tortured to the point of near death by Peter Wiggins. Although they later gained some good resources, they paid a huge price for it. 
Annie was actually daring enough to follow Peter Wiggins just to become famous.
She really didn’t care about her own life at all. 
* 
After wrapping up, the film crew held a wrap-up banquet and posted a group photo of the actors on the official Blog. 
Each actor also posted that group photo. 
Joanna also posted it. 
JoannaV: Finally wrapped up. (victory gesture) After spending a few months together, we became like a family, and I really can’t bear to part with everyone. I would like to give a special thanks to Kelvin Norman here. Thank you for everything, words cannot express my gratitude.
###Chapter 1654: Chapter 1646: This is definitely pulling strings!
After posting her blog post, Kelvin Norman quickly shared it on his own Blog as well. 
KelvinV: You’re welcome, it’s your excellent performance. I just helped to make things even better. I’m sure any one of us who comes across a promising talent will feel the need to help them shine. I hope your future path continues to prosper. Keep going. 
Kelvin’s fan base is huge, 
and most of them are ardent supporters. 
So once he posted on his blog, expressing his admiration and support for Joanna, his fans also shared Joanna’s post, 
showing their support for their idol. 
The person admired by Mr. Norman, must definitely be someone outstanding. 
If Mr. Norman supports, they also support. 
Therefore, many of Kelvin’s fans started to play a role in bringing attention to Joanna by promoting her new TV series, saying things like "the life of a newcomer is tough, let’s all support Joanna." 
Not long after Joanna’s TV series "Phoenix Flying" started trending due to production wrap, the official blog of the movie, produced by the UrbanPinnacle Global Media Consortium, was also updated with a new post. 
The Blog post confirmed the list of actors. 
Female Lead 1, Faye Lister. 
Male Lead 1, Owen Jocelyn. 
Female Lead 2, Joanna Lawrence. 
Female Lead 3, a rising starlet. 
Male Lead 2 and Male Lead 3, both are popular young actors in the industry. 
Even the guest actors in this movie are all mid-level. 
Among a bunch of first and second-tier artists, Joanna, a complete newcomer, stood out. 
To make matters worse, she was cast as female lead number 2. 
Once the blog post confirming the "Phoenix Flying" cast was released, a heated conversation about Joanna broke loose in the comment section. 
Almost all the comments were discussing Joanna. 
"Joanna Lawrence as Female Lead 2? Must be a mistake. She’s a newbie, why was such an important role given to her? First, she’s cast alongside Best Actor Kelvin Norman as the female lead, and now again she’s playing Female Lead 2 in such an important movie? Oh my god, her backing is too strong, is she trying to use all these big shots as her stepping-stone?" 
"After reading through the list of actors, even the worst among them is a third-tier actor. And that’s just for a background character role. I’m certain now that Joanna definitely used nepotism to get this role. Otherwise, a newbie like her wouldn’t stand a chance at getting a Female Lead 2 role." 
"Yeah, Female Lead 3 is a top-tier artist, so what does that make her?" 
"Definitely nepotism, do you even need to ask? It must be nice having a wealthy, powerful boyfriend. She gets whatever resources she wants. I’m lucky my idol Faye Lister is still Female Lead 1. Her role hasn’t been taken by Joanna." 
"You think Joanna doesn’t want to steal Faye’s role? She just doesn’t dare to. The female lead in this kind of movie has to be a well-known and talented actress. If a newbie like her tried to take that role, she would be criticized mercilessly. Faye’s Fans are not to be trifled with. No matter how powerful her boyfriend could be in this industry, Faye is number one." 
"If she didn’t steal Faye’s role, then she must have stolen someone else’s. I can’t stand these nepotistic relationships. We had one of these types parachuted into a key position at our company, despite having no skills. Really disgusting." 
#Joanna’sNepotism trended on the hot search list swiftly. 
Because Joanna, a newbie, stood out starkly among the major stars of the cast, no one believed she gained the role merely based on her capabilities.
###Chapter 1655: Chapter 1647: This kind of behavior instantly provoked public outrage.
Everyone thought she had taken the back door. 
Most people were disgusted by this kind of behavior of using relationships to get a role. 
For a while, Joanna Lawrence became the target of public criticism and was cursed like a dog. 
At this critical moment, it was discovered that Annie Lawrence had also updated her Blog. 
Moreover, the update was related to Joanna Lawrence’s trending post. 
Annie Lawrence V: I saw someone’s hot search, and I cannot confirm whether she got the role through connections. All I can say is that I was there that day, and there were a lot of people lining up for the audition. She came later, but the staff directly let her audition first. What’s more, she auditioned with Faye Lister, but I don’t know what happened after that. 
Not every actor who auditioned that day got a part. 
After Annie Lawrence posted this, some actors who didn’t get selected also posted on their Blogs to discuss the matter. 
Although they didn’t explicitly say it, their insinuating statements were similar to Annie Lawrence’s, suggesting that Joanna Lawrence indeed used connections. 
As a result, the netizens cursed her even more viciously. 
Some netizens even jointly demanded the "Phoenix Flying" film crew to have Joanna Lawrence quit, saying that with her fame and status, she is simply not qualified to play such an important role as Female Lead 2. 
The first-line female artist, Holly Saxby, plays Female Lead 3. 
Initially, when Holly Saxby found out about Joanna Lawrence getting the role of Female Lead 2, she was quite dissatisfied. 
It’s because she got the role of Female Lead 3. 
If it weren’t for Joanna Lawrence, the role of Female Lead 2 would undoubtedly have been hers. 
Although both are supporting roles, the screen time for Female Lead 2 and Female Lead 3 is completely different. 
Feeling disgruntled, Holly saw Joanna Lawrence’s trending post and other artists’ complaints, so she couldn’t help but make a sarcastic post as well. 
Holly Saxby V: I prepared a lot for the role I love, but in the end, I couldn’t compete with others who have backers. Well, power really is quite useful. 
Holly Saxby did not point out the specific matter directly. 
However, after Joanna Lawrence’s backdoor controversy trended, Holly’s post made people think that Joanna might have stolen Holly’s role. 
Because according to Holly’s status, she could completely take on the role of Female Lead 2. 
But she played Female Lead 3 instead.
Female Lead 2 was given to a newcomer like Joanna Lawrence. 
Obviously, her role was stolen by Joanna Lawrence. 
Not only did she use connections to get the role, but she also stole someone else’s part. 
This behavior immediately provoked public outrage. 
Holly Saxby’s fans were indignant for their idol. 
"Joanna Lawrence is disgusting for stealing our Holly’s role." 
"This kind of woman who relies on sleeping around to steal others’ resources is just too repulsive. Is no one going to do something about it?" 
"What’s there to do? Even Kelvin Norman keeps praising her on Blog. Do you think he really appreciates her? It’s all because of the power behind her." 
"Ah, I feel sorry for Kelvin Norman and for Holly, whose role was taken away this time. Joanna’s backstage is too strong, and Holly is just a small artist who can’t compete with the forces behind her." 
"She first took away Sophie’s endorsement, then snatched Lisha Alcock’s Female Lead 1, and now she’s after Holly’s role. How can this woman be so cheap, always liking to steal other people’s things?" 
In the comment section, Holly Saxby’s fans cursed Joanna Lawrence like a dog. 
Some passersby followed the lead and also commented to criticize Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 1656: Chapter 1648: Joanna, how do you plan to respond?
In a moment, Joanna felt as if she had been transported back to the time when she was plagued by scandals, with people cursing her all over the internet. 
Joanna knew she was back on the hot search list, and it was because she had landed the role of Female Lead 2 in a movie. At the time, she was in a car on her way to a party. 
After finishing the TV series, Gary White invited the entire film crew out for dinner to celebrate that evening. 
She shared a car with Gary White. 
Nina was the first to see Joanna’s hot search. After watching for a while, she angrily handed Joanna her phone. 
"Joanna, your stepsister is badmouthing you again online." Nina said angrily, "It’s clear she’s saying you got the role only through your connections." 
As Joanna’s assistant, Nina knew that Joanna got the role of Female Lead 2 in the movie, not through connections. 
But as soon as Annie posted that tweet, it solidified the notion that Joanna had gained the role through back channels. 
On top of that, Holly Saxby posted a similar tweet at this time, adding another accusation to Joanna’s list. 
"And what’s with Holly Saxby? Is she implying you stole her role?" 
"It’s like she and Annie are harmonizing together, as if they had planned to target you from the start." 
Joanna looked at the phone for a while, her expression still calm. 
It wasn’t surprising that Annie would do such a thing. 
As for Holly Saxby... 
Joanna didn’t think there was anything to be angry about. 
The fact that she, as a newcomer, could get the role of Female Lead 2 was hard to believe even for her at the time.
Holly probably really thought Joanna stole her role. 
"Joanna, how are you going to respond?" Nina asked, looking at Joanna’s calm expression and worried for her, "Now it seems like everyone believes their words, thinking you went through the backdoor and stole Holly’s role." 
"Public opinion is really unfavorable for you." 
Joanna’s TV series had just wrapped up. 
In a while, it would be broadcast on television. 
The fact that she, the Female Lead 1, had made bad press during this period would undoubtedly affect the show’s ratings. 
Even if Kelvin Norman, the male lead, was involved. 
If a majority of people find Female Lead 1 irritating, audiences won’t buy it even with Kelvin Norman involved. 
Joanna knew the stakes, so she had to handle this situation. 
But for the moment, she hadn’t figured out the right way to deal with it. 
As she was about to send a message to Linda, she heard Nina exclaim in surprise, "Oh!" 
"Joanna, Faye Lister is speaking up for you." 
Nina stared at her phone screen, surprised. 
Joanna was puzzled: "Faye Lister is speaking up for me?" 
"Yeah, I just saw that Faye Lister posted a blog in your defense." Nina followed Faye Lister on her blog, so she saw Faye’s posts right away. 
"Take a look. Isn’t Faye speaking up for you? Joanna, are you and Faye good friends? She rarely speaks up for others." 
Joanna looked down at the phone screen. 
Then she saw the blog post Faye Lister had just posted. 
Faye Lister wrote: I have seen some comments and did not want to meddle, but now the rumors have gotten out of hand. As someone who knows the truth, I just can’t help myself. There is no so-called backdoor, and no so-called stealing of roles. Joanna got the role of Female Lead 2 entirely through her own ability. I auditioned with her, so I know best how she performed at the time.
###Chapter 1657: Chapter 1649: Faye Lister Speaks for Her
The director carefully considers each role, and the roles that are chosen are the ones that suit the actors best. Stealing roles might happen in other film crews, but not in ours, unless the director really likes the actor, no amount of connections would help. 
Faye Lister has a very unique personality, she is quite independent. 
She is different from other artists in the circle, as she dares to say whatever she wants. 
However, she rarely speaks up for others. 
Unless they are her closest friends. 
This is the first time she has spoken up for a newcomer. 
Because Faye never likes to meddle in other people’s affairs, after she spoke for Joanna Lawrence, the situation began to turn around quickly. 
Compared to Annie Lawrence, most people are more willing to believe Faye. 
"I choose to believe Faye. Everyone says that Joanna got the role through connections, but maybe she just got it with her own ability. Just because she is a newcomer, does that mean she can’t play Female Lead 2? I’ve seen the trailer of her previous TV series, and her acting is really good." 
"Faye rarely speaks up for anyone, and she really hates nepotism. I choose to believe Faye." 
"I also support Faye. Why can’t a newcomer get the role of Female Lead 2 based on their abilities? In the past, many blockbuster Female Lead 1 roles were played by newcomers. Why doesn’t anyone say they all relied on connections? When it comes to Joanna, it becomes stealing roles?" 
"Maybe they are just jealous that Joanna has a wealthy, powerful, and super-handsome boyfriend. I don’t believe what other people say, but if Faye says it, it must be true." 
"Not much to say, I support Faye." 
"Support Faye +1." 
Faye is an absolutely seasoned actress, and her acting reputation is exceptionally good. 
The combined fan base of Holly Saxby and Annie Lawrence is still no match for Faye’s. 
Once Faye posted on her blog, Holly began to feel a little guilty. 
Not long after, some netizens found out that Holly had deleted her complaint post. 
Only Annie continued to hold on. 
Many netizens went to her blog to ask her how she felt about Faye’s comments. 
Annie replied to a netizen: It just shows how powerful influence can be. Even a Best Actress has to take sides to please someone. 
Before replying, Annie forgot one thing. 
That is, Faye’s fans are not to be messed with. 
Originally, she just talked about Joanna, which wasn’t a big deal. 
But by involving Faye, Faye’s fans quickly went to her comment section to tear her apart. 
"My Faye is different from you, she doesn’t need to kneel down to make her way in the circle. With Faye’s current status, she doesn’t need to kiss up to anyone." 
"Where did this shameless mistress get the courage to spread rumors about my Faye? Faye said there are no connections, then there are none. What ’Faye has to please others’? Do you think Faye is as spineless as you are?" 
"Originally it was just about you and your sister, tear each other as you wish, we were happy to watch the show. What the hell were you thinking involving my Faye? Believe it or not, us fans can drown you with a spit." 
"Is this the mistress who cheated on her sister’s man? So shameless, stole her sister’s boyfriend and now smearing her sister online. Does that mean you also went to audition that day? I checked the cast list, and you didn’t make it to the audition, did you? You got jealous when you saw your sister succeeded at the audition, and now you want to badmouth Joanna online?"
###Chapter 1658: Chapter 1650: Public Opinion Reversal
In an instant, Annie Lawrence was cursed and insulted by Faye’s Fans. 
Annie was a typical example of being submissive to the strong and bullying the weak. 
She dared not provoke Faye’s Fans. 
So even if the words said by Faye’s Fans were extremely unpleasant, Annie wouldn’t dare to refute them in the comments section. 
Her fans who were trying to counter the arguments weren’t as strong as Faye’s Fans, and soon the comment section was occupied by Faye’s Fans for the most part. 
Not long after Faye posted on her blog, the movie screenwriter also released a blog post. 
The screenwriter, whose blog is called ’鱼鱼今天也要努力,’ wrote: Choosing Joanna Lawrence for the role of Female Lead 2 was my idea. At that time, the director arranged another role for her, but I felt that her appearance and acting were more suitable for Female Lead 2, so I strongly advocated for her to get that role. Since I wrote the script, no one understands the characters better than I do. If you must say Joanna passed through back channels, then it must be mine, as I took a fancy to her at first sight. 
Once the movie screenwriter’s blog post came out, it slapped the faces of those who claimed that Joanna relied on her connections to obtain the role. 
This was a role that the screenwriter personally chose; what else could anyone say? 
Soon, the negative public opinion about Joanna began to gradually turn in her favor. 
Having the support of both Faye and the screenwriter was far more effective than any PR efforts from Joanna’s side. 
Joanna watched as her situation was resolved in just over ten minutes. 
She canceled the Twitter message she had sent to Linda. 
Joanna was quite surprised and caught off-guard that both Faye and the screenwriter stepped up to speak on her behalf. 
Although Faye knew Kelvin Norman, Joanna didn’t think Faye would help her because of him. 
Joanna wasn’t anyone important to him. 
She only met Faye and the screenwriter for the first time during that audition. 
So their willingness to help her was indeed very unexpected for Joanna. 
But no matter what, since they helped her out of the trouble, Joanna was grateful. 
She quickly logged in to her Blog and reposted Faye and the screenwriter’s posts. 
JoannaV: Thank you both for your help and for the screenwriter’s recognition. I will definitely perform well. 
Faye replied to her in the comment section. 
Faye Lister: I appreciate your performance that day. Keep it up and prove yourself with your abilities in due time. 
The screenwriter also replied to her. 
鱼鱼今天也要努力: The singer role was tailor-made for you. I trust my judgement, and I believe you won’t disappoint me. 
Having gained the approval and recognition of the two, Joanna was overjoyed. 
Her mood, which had been affected by the previous hot search, quickly recovered. 
Her fans also encouraged her on the Blog, sending her private messages. 
"Wow, Joanna, you’re amazing for getting such a great role with your own strength. Joanna’s Fans are proud and happy for you." 
"Keep it up, Joanna, looking forward to your new work." 
"Joanna looks good, has a great personality, and an outstanding acting ability!" 
"Keep it up, Joanna, Joanna’s Fans will always support you. The more anti-fans there are, the faster you’ll become popular, doesn’t that make you feel happier?" 
Joanna read the private messages from her fans one by one. Seeing so many lovely fans cheering her on warmed her heart. 
Even if 80% of people didn’t like her. 
Considering the remaining 20% who liked her, she still thought the world was a beautiful place. 
* 
On the other hand. 
Annie was furious to see the public opinion gradually turning in Joanna’s favor on the Blog, smashing her phone on the table in frustration.
###Chapter 1659: Chapter 1651: She Doesn’t Want to Become Such a Pitiful Person
How could this be? 
Why does that little bitch have such good luck? 
Faye Lister actually stood up for her, and that movie screenwriter even said Joanna Lawrence was her chosen Female Lead 2 at first glance. 
The public opinion was already very unfavorable for that little bitch. 
But as soon as Faye Lister and the screenwriter stepped forward, the situation was reversed instantly. 
All the negative comments about that little bitch vanished. 
Seeing this change, how could Annie Lawrence be satisfied? 
She didn’t understand why that little bitch had such good luck.
Faye Lister was someone Annie knew well, and this matter had nothing to do with her. She could choose to step forward or not. 
There was no so-called pressure from power or anything like that. 
And there was no tendency to please Joanna at all. 
With Faye’s character and her current position in the entertainment industry, she didn’t need to please anyone. 
That movie screenwriter was even more famously aloof and unsociable, but because her scripts were always hits, both for movies and TV series, she never lacked people willing to pay a big price for her work, even with her bad temper. 
She didn’t lack money or fame. 
Just like Faye, they didn’t need to please others to obtain resources. 
So, the only explanation for them helping Joanna was that they were truly willing to help. 
But why? 
Why would Faye Lister be willing to help a newcomer? 
She didn’t have any connection with Joanna either. 
Thinking it over and over again, it could only be that the little bitch, Joanna, was just lucky. 
Annie Lawrence didn’t know that Joanna had successfully auditioned. 
It was only today when she saw the cast list posted on the official blog that she learned of it. 
While she failed to make it through auditions, that little bitch Joanna could get the role of Female Lead 2. 
Annie knew very well what it meant to play the second female lead in that movie. 
Once she took that role, Joanna’s value would completely change. 
But what about her? 
Joanna’s resources were getting better and better, while hers were getting worse and worse. 
Even getting a mid-level advertisement was becoming difficult now. 
Most of the scripts sent to her were for online dramas with naive innocent protagonists, not even a single TV series that could make it to satellite. 
If this continued... 
Her already barely maintained first-line status would quickly drop to mid-level, third-tier... 
And then, she would be forgotten by the audience. 
Thinking about this, Annie felt terrified. 
She didn’t want to be forgotten. 
She didn’t want to become such a pitiful creature. 
As long as it could make her famous, she was willing to pay any price for it. 
She had already lost to that little bitch in other matters. 
She couldn’t lose to her in her career as well. 
Annie bit her lip, her eyes blazing with ambition. 
With a "click," the bathroom door was opened. 
A skinny man of about 1.8 meters tall, walked out from inside. 
Wrapped in a towel, he wasn’t particularly handsome but still looked very manly. 
Especially the scar from his forehead to the corner of his eye added a touch of fierceness, making it clear that he wasn’t someone to mess with. 
Seeing the man come out, Annie immediately readjusted her facial expression, wearing an alluring smile as she approached him. 
"Peter," she called out in a coquettish tone as she walked over to him. 
Peter Wiggins grabbed her and pulled her into his arms, pinching her jaw and tugging the corner of her lip, "Can’t wait?"
###Chapter 1660: Chapter 1652: Several business partners have taken a liking to you
"Oh, Peter, you’re so bad." Annie Lawrence playfully hit the man’s chest with a soft punch, her face full of coquetry, "I didn’t mean that." 
Annie was fair-skinned and delicate, giving off the vibes of the girl-next-door. 
She looked quite charming with her coy, head-down demeanor. 
A man with less experience would’ve been captivated by her mannerisms. 
But Peter Wiggins was quite experienced already. 
Witnessing the woman in his arms feigning shyness and purity, he sneered before picking her up horizontally, his eyes void of emotion. 
* 
Two hours later. 
Peter, half-squinting, leaned against the head of the bed, smoking. 
"Peter, ’The Meaning of Travel,’ a popular variety show, is currently selecting its next guests, and I’m not working on anything right now. Can you arrange my presence in the next episode?" Annie asked, kneeling beside Peter and massaging his leg. 
Peter took a drag of his cigarette and, with a detached look, asked, "Which show is that?" 
"’The Meaning of Travel," Annie immediately replied and continued to vigorously rub Peter’s leg, "There are five spots per episode, and they’ve already chosen three men and three women. There are two spots left for female guests." 
"The show is really popular, featuring first and second-tier celebrities only. Many newcomers have also become famous by appearing on it. In short, participating in this show would greatly boost one’s image." 
"Peter, I want to be on this show." Annie looked up with a pitiful and appealing expression, practically begging, "Can you arrange for me to go? I really want to." 
Peter held more power than Mr. Green. 
He was a big shot in the entertainment circle. 
That’s why even though people knew Peter could be quite wicked and dangerous to work with, there were still those who would follow him, hoping to become famous quickly. 
Annie was one of them. 
For her, any price was worth paying for fame. 
"You want to go?" Peter took another drag and lowered his head, exhaling the smoke directly into Annie’s face. 
Annie coughed violently. 
Her eyes reddened, but she nodded resolutely: "Yes, I want to go." 
"It’s not impossible for you to go." Peter squinted his eyes. 
Annie’s eyes gleamed with excitement, "Peter, are you promising me?" 
Peter smirked, "Some of my business partners have taken an interest in you. If you could serve as their receptionist and get them to sign contracts, I’ll arrange for you to go on the show." 
Annie froze, her face turning pale in an instant. 
Disbelief filled her eyes, "Peter, what are you saying? You want me to accompany others?" 
Looking at her shocked expression, Peter smirked again and replied indifferently, "Opportunity is right in front of you. Whether you want to take it or not is your choice. I won’t force you." 
"I don’t like to force people. If you don’t want to do this, I’ll find someone else." 
Annie’s face was deathly pale. 
She knew Peter wasn’t a good guy. 
Compared to Mr. Green, Peter was even more dangerous and ruthless. 
Mr. Green was merely perverse in some aspects. Being with him, at least no life-threatening danger would ensue.
###Chapter 1661: Chapter 1653: The Man Who Truly Moved Her Heart
And Peter Wiggins was undoubtedly a ruthless character. 
If it weren’t for Mr. Green’s accident, Annie Lawrence wouldn’t have considered following Peter. 
She had no choice now.
Peter had plenty of good resources at hand, as long as she was willing to go for it, she wouldn’t have to worry about getting them. 
But now... 
The opportunity was in front of her, but she hesitated. 
Of course, she knew the real meaning behind Peter’s words. 
His so-called "reception" was definitely not what it seemed on the surface. 
Even if Annie was willing to go all out, faced with such a request, she still hesitated. 
Accompanying one person and accompanying several people at once were quite different in nature. 
However, she realized that if she didn’t agree to Peter’s terms, she wouldn’t be able to join the variety show. 
There must be many artists who wanted to be on that show, and if Peter were to find someone else... 
Thinking of her recent situation, even though Annie was extremely reluctant, she could not bear to refuse. 
If she missed this opportunity, she may not have such a good chance in front of her again. 
As long as she could be on the variety show, she could have a chance to make a comeback and even take her career to the next level. 
Once she became famous, she wouldn’t have trouble getting good resources. 
At that time, she wouldn’t have to follow someone as twisted as Peter anymore. 
A momentary sacrifice could lead to a promising future. 
After weighing the pros and cons in her heart, she finally gritted her teeth and said, "Let’s go, Peter, I... I’ll go! As long as I go, will I be able to join "The Meaning of Travel" variety show?" 
"Of course." Seeing her nod, Peter finally showed a smile on his face, lifting her chin with his hand as if looking at an obedient dog, and said, "It’s just a spot on a variety show. As long as you behave, there will be plenty of good resources for you in the future." 
"Just follow me obediently, and I will make you famous." 
Seeing the smile on the man’s face, Annie felt chills running down her spine. 
It was at this moment that she truly realized how ruthless Peter was. 
To him, she was just a plaything. 
That’s why he could casually give her away. 
Even Mr. Green before wouldn’t have given her away so easily. 
Annie had never planned to stay with someone like Peter, who would give anything away for his own interests, for long. 
She looked down at the mottled bruises on her exposed skin and made up her mind that she must leave Peter as soon as possible. 
At this moment, her jealousy and hatred for Joanna Lawrence deepened further. 
Why could that bitch Joanna find such a good man, while she had to stay with a scumbag like Peter? 
One day. 
She would get everything she wanted. 
Ashton Heath. 
Annie silently repeated his name in her heart over and over again. 
She still remembered quite vividly the astonishment and thumping in her heart when she first saw Ashton. 
In the following days, she had dreamt about him. 
This was a man who truly made her heart race. 
Following David Benington was mostly due to his good conditions and ability to give her what she wanted. 
Another reason was that she liked to take away Joanna’s things. 
No matter if it was an or a person. 
As long as it was taken from Joanna, she felt particularly satisfied. 
Actually, she didn’t have many feelings for David himself.
###Chapter 1662: Chapter 1654: How did she get so drunk?
But Ashton Heath was different. 
This man, who had made her heart flutter and her dreams obsess over countless times, was not like any other man she had ever been with. 
She truly liked him. 
She was really envious of Joanna Lawrence. 
Even if she could be with Ashton Heath for just one day, she would be so happy. 
Why could Joanna easily get everything she could only dream of having? 
She really couldn’t accept it. 
Joanna, you wait. Your luck won’t last forever. 
One day, I’ll step on your head and take away all of the halos you have. 
And that man beside you will be mine sooner or later! 
* 
It was after ten o’clock at night. 
Joanna, who had been celebrating the wrapping up of the TV series with the film crew, drank heavily and slumped on a corner of the couch. 
A few minutes later, the door of the private room opened. 
A tall and straight black figure walked in. 
The man entered the private room, looked around, and after seeing Joanna asleep in the corner, he frowned and walked quickly towards her. 
"Joanna?" 
Ashton Heath squatted down in the corner and called out to the sleeping Joanna. 
The girl did not respond in her sleep. 
Ashton Heath smelled the faint trace of alcohol on her breath and frowned even more. 
He turned his head and coldly looked at Gary White standing nearby. 
"You’re still here, why did you let her get this drunk?" 
"I didn’t realize her alcohol tolerance was so poor." Frank White pursed his lips, also feeling a bit regretful, "She said she could have two drinks without a problem, and I thought it would be fine for her to drink a little on a special day like this. I didn’t expect her to get drunk after one drink." 
"If I had known her alcohol tolerance was so bad, I wouldn’t have let her drink at all." 
Ashton Heath rushed over after receiving Frank White’s call. 
After listening to Frank’s explanation, his face remained stern, and he silently turned around, picked up Joanna, and held her in his arms. 
The girl’s body was delicate and soft, like holding a bundle of soft jade. 
"I’ll settle this score with you later." 
After leaving this sentence, Ashton took Joanna and left. 
There weren’t many people in the private room. 
Only Frank White, Kelvin Norman, and several important staff members from the film crew were there. 
Seeing Ashton leave, Frank scratched his nose and sighed softly. 
His brother-in-law was a bit too protective of his wife. 
Kelvin thought for a moment and then asked with a smile, "Are Director White and Mr. Ashton close friends?" 
"You could say that." Frank and Kelvin had a good relationship, so there were some things he was willing to share, "We’ve known each other for six or seven years." 
Kelvin was surprised: "So, Director White and Mr. Ashton already knew each other. Did you introduce Joanna to him?" 
"Not really, they met on their own." 
"I heard that Mr. Ashton is a side relative of the Heath family?" Kelvin asked curiously, "Is that true?" 
"A side relative?" 
Frank White was startled and then burst into laughter. 
"Isn’t that the case?" Kelvin asked again, seeing Frank laugh. 
"Of course not." Frank thought for a moment, then smiled and said, "If you have to call it a relative, it would be a direct one." 
"A direct one?" Kelvin was stunned, and then a look of shock appeared in his eyes. 
A direct relative of the Heath family... 
It was well known that Sir Damien of the Heath family had no descendants. 
So, the direct relative Frank was talking about must come from Sir Darren of the Heath family. 
Sir Darren had two sons.
###Chapter 1663: Chapter 1655: Never Expected Him to Have Such an Identity
Eldest son, Brandon Heath, the next presidential candidate. 
Second son, Ashton Heath, the youngest president in the history of Heath Group. 
Brandon often appears on TV news, so Kelvin knew what he looked like. 
However, many people still don’t know what the relatively low-profile Mr. Ashton looks like. 
After Kelvin figured out the relationship and guessed Ashton’s identity, the shock in his eyes was even greater than before. 
"He is the Heath’s..." 
"Yes." Before Kelvin could finish speaking, Gary White gave him a look and nodded, "Exactly as you guessed." 
Kelvin understood from Gary’s look that some things should not be said here. 
But Gary should have guessed what he was thinking. 
This proved that his guess was correct. 
Media speculation suggested that Ashton might be a side relative of the Heath family. 
However, this side relative turned out to be the president of Heath Group. 
No one could have imagined that. 
No wonder Mr. Green’s company was seized when they said so. 
No wonder Benington Group was suddenly acquired by Heath Group before. 
No wonder Joanna’s previous scandals were quickly suppressed. 
If he was the president of Heath Group, he indeed had enough power to easily handle these matters. 
"I really didn’t expect it," Kelvin said in surprise, "that he would have such an identity." 
But Kelvin felt that he shouldn’t be so surprised. 
With such poise and demeanor, he should have figured out his real identity earlier. 
In that case, Joanna didn’t really get her resources through connections. 
Her boyfriend is Ashton Heath. 
What resources could she not get? 
Even if she wanted to be the lead actress in a movie, it was not impossible. 
After learning about this, although Kelvin was surprised, he was no longer so worried about Joanna. 
With Ashton as her backer, her future in the entertainment industry seemed to be set as well. 
If there were any issues, Ashton could help her sort them out. 
* 
Ashton left the entertainment venue with Joanna. 
At the parking lot, he placed Joanna in the back seat, and fearing that the air conditioning might be too cold, he covered her with a thin blanket. 
They drove all the way back to the apartment. 
When they got out of the car, Joanna was still sound asleep, showing no signs of waking up. 
Ashton got out first, then went around to the back seat to carry her out. 
She still smelled of alcohol from the car. 
Ashton frowned as he looked at the girl sound asleep in his arms, feeling dissatisfied with Gary. 
He actually got his wife so drunk. 
His brother really wasn’t doing a good job. 
Ashton carried Joanna back to their residence and, because she hadn’t woken up, took her into their bedroom and helped her change her clothes before putting her gently onto the bed. 
He then went to the bathroom to fill it with hot water, wet a towel, and brought it to the bedroom to wipe her face and hands. 
Yet, Joanna didn’t feel any of this, as she slept through the night because of the two glasses of red wine. 
* 
When Joanna woke up, she saw that the space beside her was empty. 
But it still retained some warmth. 
After sleeping off her hangover, she had a slight headache, rubbing her forehead as she slowly sat up in bed. 
She couldn’t remember how she came back last night, nor could she remember when Ashton had changed her clothes. 
Those two glasses of red wine were too powerful. 
Joanna rubbed her aching head, swearing never to drink so much again.
###Chapter 1664: Chapter 1656: Thank you, hubby!
She rubbed her forehead and sat in bed for a while before slowly rolling over, getting out of bed, and then going to wash up. 
After washing up, she went out of the bedroom to look for Ashton Heath.
As soon as she walked out of her bedroom, she smelled a delicious aroma coming from the kitchen. 
The kitchen door was half-open. 
Joanna tiptoed over, stopping at the doorway and peering into the kitchen. 
There, she saw Ashton Heath with his sleeves rolled up, wearing an apron, and actually cooking in the kitchen. 
Joanna’s eyes widened in surprise, as if she couldn’t believe what she was seeing. 
In the kitchen, the man was wearing a white shirt, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, a pink apron around his waist, and holding a cooking spatula in his hand while stirring something in a pan. 
There was also another pot on the stove. 
Steam was bubbling out from the pot. 
Joanna stood dumbfounded at the door for a while before she snapped back to reality and walked into the kitchen. 
"Ashton, are you... making breakfast?" Joanna entered and saw another pot of porridge simmering. 
Ashton was currently frying an egg. 
It was clear that he had very little experience in the kitchen. 
The fried egg in the pan was slightly burnt. 
But considering this was someone who rarely cooked, it was already pretty impressive. 
"You’re awake." Ashton heard her voice, turned his head to look at her, and gently pinched her cheek with one hand. "I made porridge, fried some eggs, and also heated up some milk. Wait a few more minutes, and everything will be ready." 
Joanna looked at him, puzzled. "You can cook?" 
"Not really." Ashton admitted honestly, "I just learned recently. I can handle some simple dishes, but more complex ones might take more time to learn." 
"What made you decide to cook breakfast?" 
"You were drunk last night." Ashton’s deep, black eyes gazed at her softly. "Getting up early to have some porridge is better for your stomach." 
"So, you made this breakfast especially for me?" 
"Yes." 
Joanna’s heart warmed, thinking of how this pampered man who used to keep his hands clean was willing to do these things for her, she couldn’t help but rush over and hug him. 
She said gratefully, "Thank you, husband!" 
Ashton smiled, gently pushing her away, "Don’t hug me. I smell like kitchen grease. Why are you thanking your own husband? As your husband, isn’t looking after you the right thing to do?" 
"There isn’t much I can do for you now, but whatever I can do, I will do it for you." 
"Husband..." 
Joanna’s eyes welled up with tears. 
Ashton gently smiled, his eyes full of indulgence and tenderness as he looked at her, "Mhm, if you’re moved, call me husband more often. I like hearing it." 
"Why are you so good to me?" Joanna bit her lip lightly, "I don’t know what I did to deserve this." 
"Silly girl." Ashton gently pinched her cheek again, chuckling, "You’re my wife. If I’m not good to you, who should I be good to? Everything that I do for you is because you’re worth it." 
"As for deserving, what did I do to deserve such a wonderful wife like you?" 
Upon hearing this, Joanna was even more touched. 
Ashton was really... 
What woman wouldn’t fall for a man like him?
###Chapter 1665: Chapter 1657: Pamper to the End
Gentle, rich, and considerate, not to mention being able to spoil and pamper people. 
Joanna Lawrence couldn’t find a single flaw in Ashton Heath. 
Nor could she find any dissatisfaction. 
She thought that all her good fortune in this lifetime was probably concentrated on finding a husband like him. 
"Alright, Baby, you go out and wait patiently." Ashton looked at her obedient appearance, his heart moved, and he couldn’t help but lower his head to gently kiss her soft little face, "I put the milk on the table. Drink it first to warm your stomach." 
"If you still feel uncomfortable, I will make you some hangover remedy." 
"Let me help serve the food." Joanna felt that it wasn’t right for her to do nothing. 
Although Ashton pampered her, she didn’t take it for granted. 
"No need." he pampered her wholeheartedly, not allowing her to do anything. Pressing her shoulder, he pushed her out of the kitchen, "You don’t need to do anything, just wait outside." 
Joanna: "..."
"I can at least serve the food..." 
It’s not a troublesome thing to do. 
She wasn’t the type of well-bred lady who had been waited on by others since childhood. If she didn’t need to do anything, she would feel unaccustomed. 
"Let me do it." Ashton didn’t give her a chance, "You were so drunk last night, you must be feeling uncomfortable now. Listen to me, go out and wait, hmm?" 
Joanna: "..." 
Seeing him so insistent, she had to nod her head, "Alright then. If you need help, just call for me." 
Joanna hadn’t been waiting in the dining room for long before Ashton brought the breakfast out. 
He had made porridge, fried some eggs, and also stir-fried a plate of Verdant Veggie Stir. 
The eggs were slightly burnt, and the color of the Verdant Veggie Stir was not very good-looking. 
"Just eat it." Ashton also felt that the appearance of these dishes wasn’t great. After putting them on the table, he pursed his lips and said, "Though it doesn’t look good, I tasted them just now, and the taste isn’t too bad." 
"It should be edible." 
"It’s already very good." Joanna picked up her fork, took a bite of the Verdant Veggie Stir and praised it, "The taste is actually very good." 
As Ashton sat down beside her, he looked at her with doubt, "Do you really think it tastes good?" 
"Yes, really." Joanna nodded, turned her head to face him, and said, "Considering if this is your first time cooking, I think it’s already very good. When I first cooked, I almost burned down the kitchen." 
"That’s good then." Ashton felt extremely satisfied, "I will learn a few more dishes in the future, and I can probably do better next time." 
"Actually, you don’t need to cook yourself; there are many chefs at home. It would be the same if they did it." Joanna wasn’t the kind of person who insisted that Ashton had to cook personally to prove how much he liked her. 
She thought that Ashton had been raised in luxury since childhood and had rarely done such things. There was no need to deliberately make him do these things just to show her importance. 
There was no shortage of chefs in the Heath family. 
To her, it didn’t matter whether he cooked or not. 
Of course, Joanna was still delighted when he decided to cook for her personally. 
"How can it be the same? If a chef cooks, it’s their dish. If I cook, it’s mine." Ashton placed a fried egg on her plate, "I am not the chef." 
"But don’t you think it’s a hassle?" 
As the man’s deep black eyes affectionately gazed at her, his voice was gentle and comforting, "Of course not.
###Chapter 1666: Chapter 1658: You’re my baby for a lifetime
"I’m willing to take care of you, and I enjoy taking care of you. It’s not a troublesome thing for me." 
Joanna was touched again. 
She still couldn’t believe her luck. 
Her husband was just too good. 
In this life, she was really fortunate to meet Ashton Heath. 
She was also truly blessed to become his wife. 
"Ashton, I’m afraid..." Joanna looked up into the man’s tender gaze, biting her lip and speaking softly. 
Ashton was slightly taken aback: "What are you afraid of?" 
Joanna’s dark eyes locked onto his: "I’m afraid that you’re treating me so well now, and I’ll get used to your kindness, then I’ll be too spoiled."
"Then just let yourself be spoiled." 
"But if I become spoiled, my temper might not be so good, and you might not like me as much. Then you won’t be as good to me as you are now, and I’ll feel lost and sad." 
If she had never tasted his love, she would not care about the difference. 
But now that he’s treating her so well, if one day he becomes even slightly cold, she’d probably feel unable to accept it. 
It would make her sad. 
"There won’t be such a day." Ashton Heath reached out and gently stroked her head, his voice soft, "You will never change in my eyes. I want to spoil you, you can be as moody as you want in front of me. Whether it’s your good side or your bad side, as long as it’s you, I like it." 
"I know that even if I promise you now, you may not feel at ease. But Joanna, you are really special to me. This specialness is something that no other woman can have." 
"For the rest of my life, you are my baby." 
"Ashton..." 
Joanna’s eyes were welling up with tears again. 
"Okay, baby, stop thinking nonsense." Ashton moved closer to her, pressing her hand against his cheek, "If you’re worried that I’ll change my mind in the future, you can consider doing something to keep my heart." 
Joanna paused, "What is it?" 
"Give me a baby." Half of Ashton’s gaze was serious, the other half joking, "With a baby, you certainly wouldn’t think nonsense." 
Joanna: "..." 
She realized that Ashton really wanted a child. 
He mentioned it once before. 
And now he brought it up again in a joking manner. 
If her career was stable now and her age wasn’t a concern, she would be willing to give him a baby. 
But... 
Joanna liked Ashton Heath and was willing to have a baby that belonged to them. 
But not right now. 
She knew that Ashton was testing her, and knew that her refusal would disappoint him, but she still hardened her heart and said, "I’m still young and not fully prepared. Let’s talk about having a baby later." 
Ashton’s face did not show any disappointment, and his expression was still like before. He smiled and nodded, "You’ve told me before, I was just joking with you. Okay, let’s eat." 
"Mm." Joanna did not say anything more about the matter. 
Of course, she knew that Ashton Heath did not mention it casually. 
But since she couldn’t give him a baby now, it was best to talk about it as little as possible. 
* 
After wrapping up the TV series, Joanna temporarily had nothing to do. 
Linda didn’t arrange any work for her either. 
According to Linda, many advertisers and several TV stations approached her during this time. 
But Linda turned them all down. 
Because those advertisements were all small brands.
###Chapter 1667: Chapter 1659 Joanna, I know what to do now
TV station invitations were mostly for programs with average ratings. 
These couldn’t help much in raising Joanna Lawrence’s fame. 
On the contrary, they could even lower her status. 
It wasn’t necessary for her to accept them just for some small benefit. 
So, Joanna Lawrence was free for the time being. 
She decided to take a break as well and spend some quality time with Ashton Heath. 
The couple had been separated shortly after their wedding. 
She wasn’t exactly a qualified wife. 
The moment she accepted a job, they would be separated for months again. 
So, during this free time, she needed to work on their husband-wife relationship. 
After eating and tidying up, Joanna followed Ashton back to Closia. 
When they arrived in Closia, she called Jeremy Lawrence, inviting him to dinner that night. 
After discussing this, Joanna was about to hang up. 
Jeremy, however, stopped her: "Joanna." 
"Hmm, Jeremy, what is it?" 
Jeremy hesitated for a moment before speaking: "Joanna, there’s something I don’t know how to handle, and I want to ask for your advice." 
Joanna took out a set of pajamas from the wardrobe, planning to take a shower later. 
She walked toward the bathroom: "Go ahead." 
"Joanna," Jeremy paused for a moment, as if there was something difficult to say. It took him almost a minute to speak up, "If someone important to you is about to leave, but you really want her to stay, what would you do?" 
Joanna stopped in her tracks: "Someone important to me?" 
"Yeah. Would you just watch her leave or try to hold her back?" 
Who was important to Jeremy? 
Joanna always thought that the most important person to Jeremy was herself. 
But clearly, Jeremy wasn’t talking about her. 
With a sudden flashback to when she went to pick up Jeremy last time, she almost immediately guessed who Jeremy was referring to. 
After some thought, Joanna said: "It depends on how important that person is to you. If she’s very important and her departure would make you very sad, I think you can try to hold her back." 
"If you only care about her, and her departure won’t make you too sad, then there’s no need to hold her back." 
Jeremy fell silent again, as if in deep thought. 
After a while, he said: "Now, when I think about her leaving, it makes me sad. Does that count as important?" 
"Of course." 
Joanna had already noticed that Jeremy liked Regina Kelloway. 
But hearing Jeremy saying this, it was clear that his affection for Regina was deeper than she had imagined. 
Joanna didn’t like Rebecca Kelloway. 
But her impression of Regina Kelloway was quite good. 
She wasn’t the type of person to dislike someone just because she didn’t like their sister. 
No matter what Rebecca had done, Regina was innocent. 
So she wasn’t biased against Regina because of her issues with Rebecca, and she wouldn’t stop Jeremy from interacting with Regina. 
"Jeremy, if you really think she’s important to you, my advice is to try holding her back. No matter the outcome, at least you won’t have any regrets in the future." 
"If you just let her leave like this, you will definitely regret it later." 
It took Jeremy another minute of silence before he said with a slightly hoarse voice: "Joanna, I now know what to do." 
After hanging up, Joanna heard a voice behind her: "Who called you, Jeremy?"
###Chapter 1668: Chapter 1660: So, you don’t ?
"Mhm." 
Seeing Ashton Heath walking towards her, Joanna Lawrence thought for a moment and looked at him, saying, "Ashton Heath, I want to ask you a question." 
"What question?" Ashton moved to her side, gently embraced her, and noticed the pajamas in her hand. He raised an eyebrow and smirked, "Going to take a bath?" 
"Mhm." 
"Together?" 
Joanna Lawrence: "...Be serious, I still have a question to ask you." 
Ashton hooked the corner of his mouth again, stopped teasing her, and restrained the laughter in his eyes. With a serious expression, he said, "Alright, I’m serious now. What do you want to ask me?" 
"I think Jeremy has fallen for a girl." 
"Mhm?" 
"I think that girl should be Regina Kelloway." Joanna paused before lifting her head to look at him. "Ashton Heath, would you if Jeremy and Regina started dating?" 
Ashton Heath was stunned: "Jeremy and Regina dating?" 
"Mhm." 
Ashton didn’t answer immediately but pondered for a moment before replying, "What’s there for me to to? It’s his freedom." 
When Jeremy had pleaded for the Kelloway family last time, Ashton had already guessed that Jeremy liked Regina. 
"So, you don’t to it?" 
"Mhm, I don’t ." Ashton smiled, "I know what you really want to ask. But Rebecca Kelloway is Rebecca Kelloway, Regina Kelloway is Regina Kelloway. In fact, Regina is a nice girl; before, there were gaps in their identities, but those gaps no longer exist." 
"We should say that now there is a gap between her and Jeremy’s identity." 
"What you should be worried about is not our opposition but others’ ions." 
"Other people?" Joanna blinked, "You mean...the other people in the Kelloway family?" 
"Mhm." Ashton nodded, "According to my understanding of Rebecca, she holds a deep grudge against you. Her parents probably hold a lot of resentment towards the Heath family as well. Even if Jeremy is willing and we don’t , it’s hard to say about the Kelloway family." 
Joanna fell silent for a moment. 
Rebecca indeed hated her to the bone, and Jeremy was her brother. 
As for the Kelloway family, they must have had grievances against the Heath family since they didn’t help them out. 
As Ashton said, what she should be worried about was the Kelloway family’s opposition. 
Thinking of her brother’s love life possibly not going smoothly, Joanna felt a little heartache. 
Jeremy had already sacrificed his dream and done something he didn’t like. 
If he had to give up the person he liked as well... 
The more she thought about it, the more heartache she felt. 
"Don’t think too much." Ashton stroked her head, "I believe Jeremy will make his own choices, and I also believe Regina is a strong-willed girl who won’t completely obey her family. As long as they are both firm, there is still a chance." 
"Now, Jeremy has the ability to protect Regina." 
Upon hearing his words, Joanna was greatly relieved. 
Yes, as long as Jeremy and Regina were resolute enough, everything was possible. 
Just like how Lady Octavia didn’t approve of her and Aria Rowlett either. 
However, she and Ashton still got married. 
Brandon Heath didn’t break up with Aria Rowlett because of Lady Octavia’s disapproval either. 
"Jeremy is not a child anymore, let him handle some matters on his own." 
"Mhm, alright." 
* 
Jeremy’s birthday quickly arrived. 
It was a very meaningful birthday for Jeremy this year. 
Because it was his eighteenth birthday—a Sweet Sixteen celebration. 
In addition to the Sweet Sixteen and Jeremy’s recent return to the Heath family, Damien Heath felt that he owed him a lot and wanted to make it up to him. Therefore, Damien planned to hold a grand birthday banquet for Jeremy this time.
###Chapter 1669: Chapter 1661: I Heard Regina Kelloway is Transferring Schools
The Heath family hosted many significant figures in Closia, and Jeremy Lawrence invited many of his friends, all of whom he had good relationships with. 
When they received the invitation that day, his schoolmates discovered that Jeremy Lawrence was indeed the youngest master of the Heath family. 
But he has the surname Lawrence. 
Furthermore, the way Jeremy behaves doesn’t resemble that of a wealthy young master at all, so much so that he was disdained by many of his male classmates because of his popularity among the female students. 
"Jeremy, are you really the youngest master of the Heath family?" a particularly good friend of Jeremy’s asked in utter astonishment, his face showing complete disbelief. 
He had been classmates with Jeremy for several years and they got along well. However, he never felt that Jeremy acted like a wealthy young master. 
It must be said that Jeremy is handsome and has a good demeanor. He has a clean, fair complexion, and looks youthful and delicate. 
Just based on his looks, he certainly does seem like a well-bred young man from a wealthy family. 
However, Jeremy is just good-looking. 
Based on his behavior over the years, it seems that his family doesn’t have much wealth. 
If he were indeed a descendant of a wealthy family, he wouldn’t dress as casually as he does. 
Nevertheless, the party is being hosted at the Heath residence. 
If he is not the youngest master of the Heath family, he wouldn’t dare to lay claim to that identity. 
To his classmate’s question, Jeremy Lawrence replied with a smile, "Yes." 
"But you... before..." 
Jeremy smiled again: "I only found out recently." 
The classmate was stunned: "You only just..." 
He quickly thought of something and swallowed back the words he was about to speak. 
What other situation could lead to only him finding out recently that he is indeed a master from the Heath family?
The only possible answer is that he is indeed a wealthy young master who, for some reason, did not grow up in the Heath family. 
Now, it seems, he has been brought back by the Heath family. 
"I can’t believe it," the classmate looked at him and murmered, "My classmate and good friend is actually the young master of the Heath family. We have a Ms. Rebecca in our class, and now we have another young master from the Heath family." 
Mentioning Regina Kelloway, the classmate looked up at Jeremy, a hint of hesitation in his eyes. 
"Jeremy, there’s something you should know." After a few seconds of silence, the classmate still decided to speak. 
Jeremy looked at him: "What is it?" 
"It’s about Regina Kelloway." Knowing that Jeremy doesn’t particularly like Regina, he hesitated briefly before continuing, "I heard she is transferring schools. You’ll finally be free from her pestering you." 
In fact, the classmate doesn’t dislike Regina. 
On the contrary, he thinks she’s a nice girl. 
As the well-bred lady of the Kelloway family, she is not haughty and domineering like other daughters of wealthy families, which makes her easy to get along with. 
In front of them, Regina doesn’t put on airs, she’s just like any other classmate. 
Moreover, Regina does well in school, she is beautiful, and her family background is excellent. 
Such a girl, in their eyes, is goddess-level. 
When they knew Regina was pursuing Jeremy, they all thought Jeremy would definitely accept. 
After all, with a girl who is as good as Regina taking the initiative to pursue him, which boy could resist? 
But Jeremy surprisingly rejected Regina. 
And even more surprisingly, Regina persisted in pursuing Jeremy for three whole years. 
Jeremy has always seemed disinterested in Regina. 
Who knows how he’ll feel now that Regina is about to leave.
###Chapter 1670: Chapter 1662: Fallen Princess
He should be happy about it, after all, he seemed quite bothered by Regina Kelloway. 
The expression on Jeremy Lawrence’s face froze for a few seconds. He paused while flipping through his book, his face impassive: "Hmm, I heard." 
This was something Regina Kelloway had told him herself. 
The classmate beside him glanced at Jeremy’s current expression, noticing that his face still held that aloof demeanor. He couldn’t help but sigh, then said: "Actually, I think Regina’s not bad. Despite being the daughter of the Kelloway family, she’s not arrogant at all." 
"She’s not really an unpleasant person." 
"In fact, it’s quite pitiful. She was once a noble well-bred lady with a great future ahead, but now the Kelloway Group is almost bankrupt, putting them on par with insolvency. She’s not the enviable daughter of the Kelloway family anymore." 
"You see those classmates who used to be all around her, they’re not hanging out with her anymore. They even look down on her." 
"Those who put in all the effort pursuing her, who treated her as a goddess, all stopped pursuing her." 
"She probably feels like she’s fallen from heaven. The contrast must be tremendous." 
"If she’s not strong-willed, she might get depressed. I guess her transfer is also related to her family’s downfall." 
After saying this, the classmate noticed Jeremy’s lack of response. He thought for a moment, then said: "Don’t get me wrong Jeremy, I’m not speaking for Regina. I know you don’t like her and get annoyed at her constantly bothering you. I just feel that Regina is quite pitiable these days." 
Jeremy Lawrence bit his lip, about to respond, when he saw a familiar petite figure approaching. 
"Miss... Miss Kelloway." The male classmate saw it was Regina Kelloway, blushed, and nervously greeted her. 
Even though the Kelloway family was now in decline. 
Even though Regina Kelloway had become what others referred to as a fallen princess. 
However, a fallen phoenix was still a phoenix. 
These male classmates, who had always treated Regina as a goddess, still felt nervous and shy around her. 
Regina nodded slightly at him, then turned her head to Jeremy and asked, "Jeremy, today is your birthday, right?" 
Jeremy looked at the girl in front of him, his dark eyes flickering slightly: "Hmm." 
"I heard that you’re having a birthday party tonight, is that true?" 
"Hmm." 
"I came to ask, am I invited to your birthday party?" Regina asked as if jokingly, her tone was relaxed, but one of her hands by her side was clenched into a fist. She didn’t seem quite as composed as she appeared to be. 
Jeremy moved his lips slightly, only responding after a few seconds: "Of course, you’re welcome if you want to come." 
"Of course I will come. As long as you allow me to, I will definitely be there." Regina started laughing, looking much more relaxed, "Jeremy, let me wish you a happy 18th birthday in advance, because there will be so many people celebrating your birthday at the party, I’m afraid I might not get a chance to say these words then." 
"I hope you can always be happy and blessed. May your life proceed smoothly. May you face no more obstacles in your future, and after I stop bothering you, I hope a girl you fully approve of will appear in your life." 
"Jeremy, I just want you to be happy."
###Chapter 1671: Chapter 1663: It Seems Like He’s Gotten Used to Being Bothered by Her
Jeremy’s eyes narrowed and his brows furrowed, "Regina, you..." 
"Alright, don’t worry about me. I was just feeling sentimental. There will be a lot of people tonight, so I’ll give you the gift in advance." Regina took out a box from her bag and handed it to him, "I made this birthday gift myself. It’s not anything very valuable, I hope you don’t mind." 
She paused and then jokingly said, "If you really don’t want it, you can throw it away. But please don’t do it in front of me, okay? We’ve been classmates for a few years, at least give me some face." 
Jeremy’s expression tightened, staring at her intently. 
Regardless of whether he wanted to accept it or not, Regina shoved the box into his hands and turned to leave. 
She walked away quickly, leaving the classroom in no time. 
After she left, some onlooking classmates began to gossip, "Regina really has thick skin. Even when the Kelloway family is in such a state, she still clings to Jeremy." 
"Of course she would cling to him, Jeremy is now the youngest master of the Heath family. The Kelloway family is on the verge of bankruptcy, she must be looking for a sugar daddy. What better support can there be than the youngest master of the Heath family?" 
"I can’t believe that Jeremy is actually the youngest master of the Heath family. Wasn’t it said that his family doesn’t have much money?" 
"There must be even more girls who like Jeremy now. He’s so handsome, and also the youngest master of the Heath family. He used to be very aloof and look down on everyone, his standards must be even higher now. With his status, he must be looking for someone matching in social and economic status. If the Kelloway family hadn’t declined, Regina and Jeremy would have been well-matched in terms of family background. But now, Regina is not good enough for Jeremy." 
"Jeremy is actually the youngest master of the Heath family? Wuu wuu wuu, I can’t afford to love him anymore." 
Jeremy listened to the crowd discussing Regina, all saying unkind words. 
His face didn’t look too good.
"Oh," a classmate beside him sighed, "I’ve always said that Regina is quite pitiful now. You see, they’re all scolding Regina. Before, they used to praise her. Can’t stand their two-facedness." 
"I can understand now why Regina chose to transfer schools. If I were in this school, I wouldn’t be able to stay either." 
"Hey, I think Regina truly likes you. I know you don’t like her, but you shouldn’t throw away the gift she gave you. It’s her heartfelt intention. If you don’t like it, you can give it to me." 
Jeremy glared at the person next to him, "I didn’t say I was going to throw it away. Also, I never said I hated Regina." 
Why did everyone think that he hated Regina? 
Regina had also said the same thing before. 
But, he had never hated her. 
In the beginning, he had found her a bit annoying, but it was only because she had caused him some trouble in his life. 
Later on, it seemed he had grown accustomed to being troubled by her. 
He kept rejecting her, not because he hated her. 
He just never thought about dating at this age. 
He was also well aware of the difference in status between him and Regina. 
If there was no hope in a relationship from the start, he didn’t want to invest time and energy into it. 
That’s why he purposely acted aloof towards her. 
He hoped that by doing so, he could drive her away. 
What he didn’t expect was that his actions would be interpreted by others as him hating Regina.
###Chapter 1672: Chapter 1664: Isn’t this TV series plot too melodramatic?
Because of this, many people said that Regina Kelloway sticks around bothering others with no shame. 
"So, you mean that you don’t dislike Regina Kelloway?" The person beside him widened their eyes in surprise, "Weren’t you always disliking her mother? You can’t be feeling pity for her now and stop hating her because of that?" 
"It has nothing to do with the present situation." Jeremy Lawrence gripped the box in his hand, "I never disliked her from the start. I have never said that I hated her; it’s just how you all perceive it." 
"..." 
"If you don’t dislike her, why do you treat her so coldly? You misled us into thinking that you hated her." 
"Coldly?" Jeremy looked down at the white wooden box in his hand, "I just don’t want to give her false hope. Is it wrong to reject someone like that?" 
Because of him, Regina Kelloway is now being talked about so disgracefully. 
He never knew that his rejection would one day hurt her so much. 
So Regina Kelloway wanted to transfer schools because she couldn’t stand people talking about her like this? 
Thinking of this, Jeremy couldn’t help feeling guilty. 
"Of course, there’s nothing wrong with that. If you don’t like someone, it’s best not to give them any hope. It’s just..." 
"Just what?" 
"It’s just that you’ve been too cold to Regina. Jeremy, honestly, with your attitude towards her, it’s normal for others to think you dislike her." 
After hearing this, Jeremy remained silent. 
"But Regina will be transferring schools soon anyway. Whether you dislike her or not, it’ll probably be difficult to see her again." After finishing their sentence, the classmate beside him sighed softly, speaking with some regret, "Ah, after so many years as classmates, it’s hard to let go." 
Jeremy still pressed his lips together and remained silent. 
Hard to let go? 
It seems... he too found it hard to let go. 
If he were to say something to retain her, would she stay? 
She had been harassing him for several years, and he was used to having her around. If she just left like that... 
Afterward, it might be really hard to see her again, right? 
Jeremy’s heart seemed to be pricked by something, causing a faint pain. 
* 
"Mr. Jeremy." 
As Jeremy Lawrence exited the school, he saw a chauffeur waiting for him by a parked Rolls-Royce. 
As soon as the chauffeur saw him, he walked over quickly. 
Coming to his side, the chauffeur bowed respectfully: "Mr. Jeremy." 
Jeremy nodded slightly: "Didn’t I say that you didn’t need to pick me up from school today?" 
"It was Sir Darren’s idea." The chauffeur promptly explained, "Sir Darren said it’s safer for us to accompany you due to your special status now." 
Jeremy pursed his lips, not saying anything more. 
The chauffeur turned to the back seat and opened the car door: "Please get in, Mr. Jeremy." 
"Wow, look, that’s Jeremy Lawrence!" 
"Is that a chauffeur picking him up? And driving a Rolls-Royce too! I heard that Jeremy Lawrence is now a young master of the Heath family, and it looks like it’s true." 
"I also heard that, Jeremy Lawrence is the young master of the second branch of the Heath family. He was said to have been separated from the Heath family for some reasons since he was a child, and then was taken in by a person surnamed Joanna. Now, the Heath family has found him and acknowledged him as part of the family." 
"This plotline is so melodramatic." 
In the car. 
The car window slowly rolled up, blocking out everything outside. 
Jeremy looked at the gift Regina had given him, and after a while, he slowly opened the box. 
Inside was a black bracelet. 
There was a pendant on the bracelet – a black gold ring.
###Chapter 1673: Chapter 1665: You Must Be Very Happy, Very Happy
He picked up the ring and looked at it, noticing a line of engraved words inside. 
It read: Jeremy Lawrence, may you be happy and joyful forever. 
Inside the box, besides the leather bracelet, there was also a note. 
The note, written in elegant handwriting, said: I made the leather bracelet myself, and I designed the collar as well. I prepared this gift for over a month, not hoping you would like it, but wishing you could accept it. Jeremy, I know you don’t like me, but I still want to say that I do like you. From the beginning until now, I have liked you so, so much. Don’t be scared by my confession. I really am leaving this time, and I won’t bother you anymore. No matter what happens in the future, I want to say, Jeremy, you must be happy, very happy. Only then can I be at ease. 
Jeremy read every single word on the note carefully. 
After reading it, he felt a slight sting in his heart. 
He clenched the leather bracelet that Regina Kelloway had given him. Moments later, he put the bracelet on his wrist. 
* 
Two hours before the birthday dinner. 
Joanna Lawrence had chosen the gift a day earlier. 
She picked a watch for Jeremy, not cheap, a watch worth over one million dollars. 
After the coming of age ceremony, it meant that Jeremy had truly matured. 
He could own some valuable things now. 
Furthermore, Jeremy, as the youngest master of the Heath family, would not lack valuable items even if she didn’t give it to him. 
Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath, as family members, went back to help with the preparations early. 
When they arrived at Heath Villa, Tedd came out to greet them. 
"Mr. Ashton, Ms. Joanna," Tedd said with a warm smile upon seeing Joanna. "Madam Heath was just talking about you, Ms. Joanna, and now you have already arrived." 
"Is that so?" 
Joanna smiled and said, "Then, Grandma and I must be connected." 
"Definitely." Tedd looked Joanna up and down and then said, "Filming must be hard work, Ms. Joanna. You seem to be a little tanned." 
The weather in Frankfurt wasn’t as hot as in Closia, but the ultraviolet rays were strong. 
After staying there for several months, Joanna had indeed tanned a little. 
But among the group of actors, her situation was still good. The other actresses were even more tanned. 
"Yes, the UV rays there were quite strong. Our entire film crew got tanned." 
"Filming is hard work, Ms. Joanna. You must take care of your body." 
* 
Entering the hall, Madam Heath was sitting in the living room, waiting for them. 
Hearing footsteps, Madam Heath looked up and saw Joanna Lawrence and Ashton Heath entering, and a smile immediately appeared on her face. 
She signaled for a maid beside her to help her stand up. 
Seeing this, Joanna hurriedly quickened her pace. 
"Grandma, don’t stand up. Please sit down." 
Madam Heath had leg problems and would feel pain if she stood for long. Joanna was aware of this. 
She let go of Ashton’s hand and quickly walked to Madam Heath’s side, helping her sit back down. 
Madam Heath held Joanna’s hand and looked at it repeatedly, frowning slightly, "It seems Joanna has gotten thinner and significantly more tanned. Is filming really hard work?" 
"Grandma, I haven’t lost weight. Every time I see you, you say I’ve lost weight." Joanna laughed softly, covering her mouth. "I’ve just got a little tanned." 
"How can you not have lost weight?" Madam Heath’s eyes showed concern. "I can see your face has gotten smaller, and your chin is much sharper. I have told you before that after marrying into the Heath family, you don’t have to work so hard. Just treat filming as a hobby. Take it easy. Don’t wear yourself out doing it."
###Chapter 1674: Chapter 1666: Jeremy Lawrence seems to have changed a bit
"Anyway, the most important thing is our health! Our Heath family is not short of money, so you don’t need to sacrifice your health to make money, understand? Besides, you are a child of the White family. Even without the Heath family, the White family can still make you rich and successful for the rest of your life." 
"Yes, Grandma, I understand." 
No matter what Madam Heath said, Joanna would obediently agree. 
Because she knew that Madam Heath genuinely cared for her and had her best interests at heart. 
"Mr. Jeremy." 
Just as they were conversing, Jeremy came downstairs. 
As he passed by the maid, she respectfully greeted him. 
Joanna turned her head and saw Jeremy walking towards them, looking a bit stunned. 
Come to think of it, she and Jeremy hadn’t seen each other for a while. 
Jeremy was going to take the College Entrance Examination soon and was usually very busy. 
Joanna, being caught up in filming, was also very busy. 
The two of them had been busy lately, only occasionally chatting on Twitter or via phone call, and rarely meeting up in person. 
She didn’t know if it was just her impression. 
Joanna felt that after being apart for some time, Jeremy seemed to have changed a bit. 
But she couldn’t quite put her finger on where he had changed. 
He seemed to have become much more mature, maybe. 
Not like before, when he always had a smile on his face. 
Now, the Jeremy she saw had little laughter in his face and eyes. 
Although he appeared to have matured, this Jeremy made Joanna feel a little heartache. 
She felt that he wasn’t as happy as he used to be. 
"Joanna, Ashton, you’re back," Jeremy walked over and smiled when he saw Joanna. 
"Yeah, Jeremy, happy birthday." Joanna took out the carefully selected birthday gift and handed it to him. "This birthday is also your Sweet Sixteen, Joanna hopes you’ll always be happy and joyful." 
"Thank you, Joanna." Jeremy took the gift box and opened it right in front of her. When he saw the expensive watch inside, he was stunned, "Joanna, you’re giving me such an expensive gift?" 
Joanna nodded with a smile, "Yeah, this year’s celebration is very special. So it’s right for me to give you a more valuable gift. After much thought, I still felt that buying you a watch would be better. Do you like it?" 
This brand was one that Jeremy had mentioned before. 
For the previous Jeremy and Joanna, watches of this brand were luxury items they couldn’t afford. 
Now, for the two of them, it was something they could easily afford. 
"Yeah, I like it." Jeremy took out the watch and looked at it with genuine fondness in his eyes. He immediately put it on. 
"Joanna, I really like this watch." 
"Jeremy, now that Joanna has expressed her wishes, it’s my turn." Ashton casually took out an envelope and handed it to Jeremy under the curious gazes of the others, "Happy 18th birthday, this is my birthday gift to you. I think you’ll like it." 
Jeremy, with a hint of doubt in his eyes, looked at the envelope and slowly reached out to take it. 
"Thank you, Ashton." 
"Ashton, can I open it and take a look now?" Jeremy asked, looking at the envelope in his hand. 
He was really curious about what was inside the envelope. 
Ashton’s lips curled up, "Of course." 
Jeremy then tore open the envelope and took out a letter-like piece of paper from it. 
He held the letter and looked down at it for a while. 
After a few seconds, he raised his head, his eyes filled with surprise, "Ashton, is this really my birthday gift?"
###Chapter 1675: Chapter 1667: The Madam Didn’t Return Alone
"Hmm." Ashton Heath nodded, "I still have the final say in this matter. So, do you like this birthday gift?" 
Jeremy’s fingers gripping the envelope seemed to tremble slightly. 
After a few seconds, he lifted his head with joy in his eyes, his voice full of excitement, "I like it, I like it very much. Ashton, I especially like this birthday gift. Thank you for your thoughtfulness." 
Obviously, Jeremy liked the birthday gift from Ashton Heath more than the watch from Joanna. 
Joanna was very curious about what Ashton Heath gave Jeremy? 
Seeing Jeremy so happy. 
It was evident that Jeremy was genuinely happy, his face showing a sunny smile that Joanna hadn’t seen in a long time. 
At this moment, Jeremy was like the carefree, happy, and innocent young man he once was. 
"As long as you like it." 
Jeremy put the letter away and then tightly gripped the envelope in his hand, cherishing it dearly. 
This made Joanna even more curious. 
She gently nudged Ashton Heath with her elbow and raised her head to ask him, "What did you give Jeremy that made him so happy?" 
"Do you want to know?" 
"Of course I want to know." Joanna pursed her lips, a little upset. "When I gave him a birthday gift, he was not this happy. What kind of surprise did you, as his brother-in-law, prepare for him?" 
"I’ll tell you later." 
Madam Heath was truly happy to see the harmony between the younger generation. 
For her, a united family was the best. 
However, the thought of Lady Octavia, who still hadn’t returned, somewhat affected her mood. 
At that moment, a maid came over. 
The maid looked at the people in the hall, her expression somewhat unusual as she said, "Madam Heath, the Lady has returned." 
The pleasant atmosphere was instantly frozen for a few seconds, the conversation stopped, and Madam Heath furrowed her brow, looking displeased as she turned to the maid and said, "The Lady is back?" 
"Yes." 
Madam Heath couldn’t help but snort, "She still knows to come back."
"Madam Heath." The maid hesitated for a moment, then continued. "The Lady did not come back alone." 
"Not alone?" Madam Heath was stunned, "Did she bring someone back with her?" 
"There was also a young lady with her." 
"What young lady? Is it someone we know?" 
"The young lady looks unfamiliar, and she has never been here before." 
Madam Heath furrowed her brow again. 
As soon as the maid finished reporting, Joanna saw Lady Octavia walk out from around the corner of the hall. 
Indeed, she didn’t come back alone; someone else was with her. 
It was a young woman who looked about twenty-four or five years old, not particularly beautiful, but with an excellent temperament and dressing style. 
She looked like a wealthy young lady. 
Lady Octavia was chatting with the woman as they walked. 
They seemed to get along very well, and Lady Octavia had a smile on her face the whole time. 
As they got closer, Lady Octavia saw Madam Heath sitting on the sofa, and then looked at Joanna and her brother. The smile on her face faded considerably. 
She stopped and called to Madam Heath, "Mom." 
The woman beside her also stopped. 
Madam Heath looked at Lady Octavia, who had been absent for a while, and then at the woman standing beside her. Although she was annoyed inside, she thought of Jeremy’s birthday today and held back her anger.
###Chapter 1676: Chapter 1668: If You Think It Is, Then It Is
She pursed her lips, saying indifferently, "You finally decided to come back." 
"Joanna told me that today is Jeremy Heath’s coming-of-age birthday feast, and she invited me to attend the banquet, so I came back." Madam Heath’s voice was flat, and Lady Octavia, holding a grudge in her heart, replied with an even flatter tone. 
Madam Heath really didn’t want to lose her temper on such a happy day. 
And even if she had been dissatisfied with Lady Octavia before, by this time, her anger had long since dissipated. 
Originally, she thought that since Lady Octavia had returned, there was no need for the family to be at odds, and it would be better to give her a way out. 
But she never expected that as soon as Lady Octavia opened her mouth, Madam Heath would be choked with anger. 
So, according to her, if it weren’t for Lady Delilah calling her back, she wouldn’t have come back at all? 
Madam Heath held back and held back but didn’t lose her temper after all. 
However, her face didn’t look very good. 
Lady Octavia seemed completely oblivious, and after speaking with Madam Heath, she glanced at Jeremy Lawrence and Joanna Lawrence standing next to her, and then taunted, "Oh, everyone’s here, quite a gathering today." 
"I saw you two chatting just now, and I didn’t interrupt you, did I?" 
Joanna looked at her expressionless face and called out indifferently, "Mom." 
This greeting was given for the sake of Ashton Heath. 
If not for Ashton Heath, Joanna would not even have greeted Lady Octavia. 
No matter how much she disliked Lady Octavia, she was still Ashton Heath’s biological mother. 
She didn’t want to make things difficult for Ashton Heath by getting stuck in the middle. 
Jeremy Lawrence, on the other hand, didn’t have as many reservations. He didn’t like Lady Octavia, so he didn’t even bother to greet her.
He wouldn’t like anyone who disliked his sister. 
As far as Jeremy Lawrence was concerned, Joanna was the most important person in his heart. 
After Joanna greeted her, Lady Octavia’s reaction was quite cold, without even a single response. 
Her face expressed her dislike for Joanna. 
Joanna didn’t care. 
As long as she did what she was supposed to do, she wouldn’t force anything else. 
She didn’t care what attitude Lady Octavia had towards her now. 
"Winnie, let me introduce you," Lady Octavia directly ignored Joanna, pulling the girl beside her and saying affectionately, "This is my son Ashton, whom I’ve told you about. He’s the same age as you, and your birthdays are only a month apart." 
After Lady Octavia finished her introduction, Diana Kinsman, who was standing beside her, looked up at Ashton Heath, extended a hand, and said with a generous smile, "Mr. Ashton, nice to meet you. My name is Diana Kinsman." 
Ashton Heath looked at the hand Diana Kinsman offered, his face cold and distant. 
He made no move, leaving Diana Kinsman’s hand hanging in midair. 
Diana Kinsman hesitated for a few seconds, her face stiffening. 
Seeing this, Lady Octavia grabbed Diana Kinsman’s hand and said to Ashton Heath with an unhappy face, "Ashton, Winnie took the initiative to greet you, and this is your attitude? How will others think about the Heath family’s hospitality?" 
Ashton Heath’s face remained cold and indifferent, "Mom, she is someone you know, not someone I know. I have always been like this with strangers I don’t know. What was your attitude when Joanna greeted you earlier?" 
Lady Octavia was taken aback, and then anger floated in her eyes, "So you’re doing this on purpose?" 
Ashton Heath’s face was expressionless, "If that’s what you think, then so be it."
###Chapter 1677: Chapter 1669: She Has No Status in This Family at All
"You..." Lady Octavia was on the brink of exploding. 
"My Lady, I’m alright." Diana Kinsman gently tugged at her. Other than a split second of rigid expression, she soon regained her composure and said, smiling gracefully, "Mr. Ashton is right, we are strangers to each other." 
"There’s nothing wrong with how Mr. Ashton treats strangers." 
"How can you say he’s done nothing wrong? He didn’t show a bit of gentlemanly demeanor!" Lady Octavia, fearing that Diana might get upset, quickly held her hand and tried to comfort her, "Winnie, don’t be upset, please. Ashton is just hot-tempered, but it’s not targeted at you. He’s like this to everyone." 
Diana smiled, appearing gracious, "Lady, I understand. I won’t get angry over something like this." 
"Winnie, you’re indeed well-mannered." Praise filled Lady Octavia’s eyes, "Your parents have taught you well, you’re outstanding." 
Lady Octavia visibly snubbed Joanna Lawrence in front of Ashton Heath. 
She even spoke gently and politely to a stranger in front of him.
Ashton Heath was protective of his loved ones. He pampered Joanna Lawrence so much that he couldn’t bear to see her suffer even the smallest injustice, even if it came from his own mother. 
His face darkened slightly, and he held Joanna Lawrence’s hand firmly, not giving Lady Octavia another glance, "Joanna, let’s go upstairs. We still have two hours until the banquet starts. If you’re tired, take a rest first." 
Having said that, he led Joanna Lawrence and headed upstairs. 
Jeremy Lawrence’s face also turned grim. He glanced frostily at Diana Kinsman, then said to Madam Heath, "Grandma, I will go upstairs to change my clothes and prepare in advance." 
"Go ahead, go ahead." Madam Heath, fully aware that Lady Octavia had again stirred up dissatisfaction, waved her hand, "Prepare well, tonight, it’s your stage." 
"I am also tired." Madam Heath was annoyed with Lady Octavia. She was unwilling to stay with her any longer, so she called for Tedd, "Escort me back, I want to take a nap." 
Tedd came over immediately and delicately helped Madam Heath up. 
Before leaving, Madam Heath casted a deep look at Lady Octavia, "Octavia, is this the situation you hoped to see? I thought you would have thought it through during this period and understood how to get along with these children from now on." 
"Seems like I overestimated you." Having said that, Madam Heath shook her head, let Tedd assist her and left. 
For a moment. 
The previously lively hall instantly quieted down. 
Apart from the maids, the only people left were Lady Octavia and Diana Kinsman. 
Lady Octavia looked terrible. 
She lost face in front of Diana Kinsman. 
Even her own son was so indifferent to her. 
She allowed Diana to see that she had no standing in this family. 
Lady Octavia grumbled resentfully and angrily, "I won’t return to this house ever again." 
"Lady, don’t be sad," Diana’s eyes flickered with an unfamiliar look. She had been watching Ashton Heath and Joanna Lawrence ascend the stairs all this time. Only when the two completely disappeared did she withdraw her gaze from the spiral staircase. 
"I believe they must have misunderstood you. Once the misunderstanding is cleared up, things won’t be like this." 
"What misunderstanding!" Lady Octavia was so furious that her face turned green, "Isn’t it all because of that scheming daughter-in-law of mine! Before, everything was fine at home, and there has never been any discord. But ever since she married Ashton..."
###Chapter 1678: Chapter 1670: Just Waiting for You to Join the Game
"This family has never had a peaceful day!" 
"She stirs up trouble in front of Madam Heath and Ashton, turning them both against me. I’ve become the villain in this family, whom everyone dislikes." 
"In Ashton’s eyes, I’m the evil mother-in-law who treats his wife poorly. In Madam Heath’s eyes, I’m the evil mother-in-law who can’t get along with her daughter-in-law." 
"What kind of sin did I commit for my son to marry such a scapegoat? Because of her, our home is in chaos." 
As Lady Octavia continued, she felt extremely wronged, and her eyes began to redden. 
Grasping Diana Kinsman’s hand, she tearfully complained, "Winnie, you were the one who constantly urged me to come back. Now you see, there’s no place for me in this family anymore. I shouldn’t have returned!" 
Diana’s eyes flickered slightly, "My lady, they’re still misunderstanding you. From what I saw earlier, your daughter-in-law doesn’t seem like a scheming person." 
"If she’s evidently scheming, then she’s not truly scheming," Lady Octavia gnashed her teeth as she mentioned Joanna Lawrence, "She’s great at acting and pretending, appearing to be innocent and simple. That’s why Ashton and Madam Heath were deceived by her." 
"She’s turned our home into a chaotic mess, and now I’m the one who’s been wronged. She’s the one with the darkest intentions." 
"Anyway, I can’t stay in this house anymore," Lady Octavia spoke, agitated and wronged, "Not only am I wronged, but now you’re wronged too. I really cannot bear it." 
"My lady, don’t say that. I really don’t feel wronged," Diana hurried to say. 
"The more you say that, the worse I feel about it," Lady Octavia became angrier as she thought about it. She wiped the corner of her eyes and said, "Let’s go. I will never come back to this place again." 
"My lady, since you’ve already come back, at least wait until the dinner party is over before leaving," Diana handed her a handkerchief and gently persuaded, "If you leave like this, they’ll think you’re feeling guilty." 
"My lady, you haven’t done anything wrong. This is your home, so why should you leave?" 
"As you said, your daughter-in-law is deliberately creating discord. If you leave, wouldn’t that just be playing into her hands?" 
Lady Octavia hesitated, then gritted her teeth and sneered, "You’re right, there’s no mistake in your words. I can’t just leave like this. This place is my home. I won’t let that scapegoat have her way!" 
"She must be eager for me to leave, but I’ll stay out of spite." 
"Right," Diana lowered her eyes slightly, "My lady, don’t be caught in her trap. Think about it, first, she tried to drive a wedge between you and Mr. Ashton, then between you and Madam Heath, and finally, you were so angry that you left home." 
"Doesn’t it seem like a strategic setup, just waiting for you to fall into it?" 
After hearing Diana’s words, Lady Octavia thought about the previous events and her face suddenly changed. 
Noticing the look on her face, Diana paused for a few seconds before continuing softly, "My lady, because of your genuine temperament, you fell into her schemes. Now that things have come to this point with Mr. Ashton and Madam Heath, it’s a losing game for you." 
"The more you fight like this, the more it will affect your relationship with Mr. Ashton and Madam Heath." 
"What do you suggest I do?" Lady Octavia anxiously asked, "Now Ashton doesn’t even want to deal with me, neither does Madam Heath. I never knew she was so treacherous."
###Chapter 1679: Chapter 1671: Unfortunately, Ashton doesn’t have this kind of good fortune anymore.
"Lady Octavia, don’t worry." Diana Kinsman patiently comforted her, "Since her original plan was to alienate you and Madam Heath, you should not fall for her scheme. What you should do now is to mend your relationship with Madam Heath." 
"Don’t quarrel with them anymore." 
"The more discord you have with them, the more it fulfills that person’s intentions." 
Lady Octavia looked at her, lost in thought for a while. 
"Winnie, you’re right." After a moment, Lady Octavia pursed her lips and nodded, "I can’t let my relationship with Ashton become so strained because of a woman like her. I was foolish to fall for her scheme, but I won’t let her succeed in the future." 
"It’s good that you understand, my lady." 
"Winnie, I really owe it all to you." Lady Octavia held Diana’s hand, her face full of gratitude, "If you hadn’t talked to me about this, I’d still be clueless, not knowing that I’ve fallen for someone’s scheme." 
"You’re too kind, my lady," Diana smiled, "We were fated to meet and become close friends. This is just a small matter and not worth mentioning. After all, I’ve encountered similar situations in the past." 
"Since we’ve had similar experiences, I naturally don’t want you to fall into someone else’s trap like I did." 
"However, I still think that your daughter-in-law seems quite kind and na?ve. Maybe we’re overthinking, and she’s not that cunning and scheming." 
"Heh." Lady Octavia scoffed with disdain, "Kind and na?ve? If she were really like that, she wouldn’t have schemed to make Ashton marry her without consulting me first. Ever since she married into the Heath family, there’s been no peace in the house."
"Anyway, I’ll find a way to make her leave Ashton." 
"She’s a problem. If she stays in the Heath family, she’ll only bring trouble." 
Diana looked at Lady Octavian’s indignant expression and pressed her lips together, remaining silent. 
"Ah, Winnie, if only I had met you sooner," said Lady Octavia regretfully, "You’re so good and sensible. Whoever’s child marries you in the future will be very fortunate." 
"It’s a pity Ashton isn’t that lucky." 
At this moment, Lady Octavia had completely forgotten that she once said the same thing to Rebecca Kelloway. 
Now, Rebecca was a forgotten person to her. 
Her past affection for Rebecca was genuine. 
At that time, she genuinely wanted Rebecca to marry Ashton Heath. 
However, now the Kelloway family was no longer worthy of the Heath family’s social status. Even though Lady Octavia still had some feelings for Rebecca, those feelings didn’t matter when compared to her interests. 
Her fondness for Rebecca was built on many conditions. 
If Rebecca wasn’t the daughter of the Kelloway family, no matter how capable and sensible she was, Lady Octavia would never consider her as a wife for Ashton Heath. 
For Lady Octavia, the most important criterion for her future daughter-in-law was her family background. 
Without a good family background, she wouldn’t consider anyone, no matter how outstanding they were in other aspects. 
Technically, Joanna Lawrence’s family background now met her requirements. 
In fact, the White family was the most compatible match for the Heath family in terms of social status. 
Looking at the entire city of Closia, there was no unmarried woman more suitable for her son than the daughter of the White family.
###Chapter 1680: Chapter 1672: I’m Sorry, I Wronged You Just Now
The Parker family, the Luther family, and the Lancaster family - these families are also pretty good options. 
However, the Parker family has only one son, Frank Parker, and likewise, the Luther family only has several sons. 
Even though the Lancaster family has a daughter, she’s already married and has children. 
Still, Lady Octavia is extremely displeased right now. 
Moreover, her dissatisfaction with Joanna Lawrence is increasing and deepening. 
This woman deliberately creates a rift between her son and herself; she cannot allow Joanna to stay by Ashton’s side. 
This kind of woman will only bring harm to her son. 
Even if she now is the daughter of the White family, so what? 
She’s not someone who grew up in the White family, apart from her status; what difference does she have from the poor lasses from small households? 
The current status of the Heath family doesn’t need the White family to stabilize it. 
She cannot keep such a scapegoat at the Heath’s family. 
Lady Octavia has taken a liking to Diana Kinsman now. 
She’s calculating in her heart that she has another son who isn’t married yet. 
She’s confident that once Diana meets Brandon Heath, Diana will surely be fond of him. 
Lady Octavia has complete confidence in her sons and has no worries about their appeal in front of the opposite sex. 
As she calculated, Lady Octavia couldn’t help but think of Aria Rowlett. 
Her brows knitted together and her face slightly darkened. 
She initially thought it would be simple to deal with Aria. 
Who would have expected that the well-planned matter would take an unexpected turn, and now Aria has become a tough nut to crack. 
No matter what, she can’t let that poor lass continue being with her son. 
She absolutely will not let the situation of acting first and reporting afterward happen again! 
She aims to nip all risks in the bud! 
She called a maid and asked, "Has Mr. Brandon returned home today?" 
The maid immediately replied, "Mr. Brandon called early and said he’s on a business trip abroad and couldn’t attend Mr. Jeremy’s birthday party." 
Lady Octavia felt somewhat disappointed. 
This time, she brought Diana back to Heath Villa, hoping that Diana might meet Brandon. 
But it’s not a big deal. 
When Brandon returns from his business trip, she can find a reason to arrange a meeting in time. 
"Diana, I have an elder son whose personality is very much like yours, and you share many similar interests and hobbies. I believe that once you meet, you will definitely have a lot in common to talk about. He’s on a business trip today, so you won’t meet him. When he comes back next time, I will definitely introduce you to him." 
"Oh, yes." Diana nodded with a smile, "Your sons must certainly be extraordinary, madam. I am looking forward to meeting him next time." 
"It’s still early, and the banquet hasn’t started yet, let me show you around the house?" 
"That would be very kind of you, madam." 
* 
They went upstairs to the bedroom. 
After the door was closed, 
Ashton Heath took Joanna Lawrence into his arms, looked down at her with an apologetic gaze, and said, "Baby, I’m sorry for making you uncomfortable just now." 
Joanna smiled and said, "You don’t need to apologize to me, you didn’t do anything wrong." 
"Besides, I didn’t feel wronged." 
If this had happened before, she might have felt wronged. 
Now, she doesn’t care about Lady Octavia anymore, so naturally, she wouldn’t feel wronged for being slighted by Lady Octavia. 
Whether Lady Octavia treats her well or not, she truly doesn’t care anymore. 
What she cares about is only Ashton’s attitude. 
Her husband isn’t a mama’s boy or a fool who is overly filial. He isn’t one to side with his mother no matter what, and that’s enough for Joanna Lawrence.
###Chapter 1681: Chapter 1673: Do You Trust Me Like This?
"But, Mom shouldn’t have treated you like that." Ashton Heath frowned slightly as he mentioned Lady Octavia, "You’re my wife, and she’s my mother. You’re both the closest people to me. I also bear an inescapable responsibility for the situation turning out like this." 
"It has nothing to do with you." Joanna Lawrence wasn’t an unreasonable person, "You’ve tried to mediate before, but Mom is unhappy with me and doesn’t like me. No matter how hard you try, it won’t work." 
"From the beginning, she felt we weren’t compatible. At first, she was unhappy with my family background, and now perhaps she feels I’m affecting your relationship with her, so she’s still unhappy with me." 
"I know you’ve had a major falling out with Mom for my sake, Ashton. I’m really grateful for everything you’ve done for me. I’m already very content and happy, you really don’t need to feel guilty about me." 
The man’s deep dark eyes looked at her, his thin lips pressed together, "Even if you suffer a little grievance, I can’t bear to see it. Let alone the grievance given by my mom. Even if you don’t mind, I do." 
"But, I feel very happy." Joanna curved her lips into a smile, "I have a husband who loves me so much, Grandma is very good to me, I have a younger brother who’s good to me, now I have another older brother, and my birth parents ..." 
"Ashton, I really feel fulfilled now." As Joanna spoke, her eyes sparkled, "Life can’t be perfect, and I can’t force everyone to like me. For me, as long as the people I care about care about me too, that’s enough." 
Ashton could see that Joanna truly didn’t feel wronged. 
She wasn’t upset about Lady Octavia’s neglect either. 
So he felt a little more at ease. 
Looking into her dark bright eyes, a soft spot inside his heart completely melted. He reached out and rubbed her head, speaking softly, "As long as you don’t feel wronged, that’s good. Right, there’s something else I need to explain to you?" 
"What is it?" 
"The woman Mom brought back, I don’t know her." Ashton thought for a moment, then added, "It was the first time I saw her." 
Joanna: "..." 
Why was he explaining this to her? 
Could it be that he thought she’d misunderstand something? 
Ashton paused for a moment before continuing, "So, don’t misunderstand." 
Joanna: "..." 
She was right on the money. 
It was slightly amusing to her as she said, "What can I misunderstand? Don’t I know what kind of person my husband is? I have complete trust in you." 
Moreover, she wasn’t like him. 
Being a jealous type. 
Even if she got jealous, she wouldn’t do so indiscriminately. He didn’t have to explain it to her; she could tell that he and the woman weren’t acquainted at all. 
"I didn’t misunderstand." Joanna laughed, "I knew you weren’t close to her. You treated her so coldly; how could I not see that?" 
Ashton nodded, and he was happy that she believed him. 
However, there was still a little bit of unease in his heart when she didn’t seem to mind at all. 
"Do you trust me that much?" 
"Of course." 
"Why?" 
Joanna hadn’t sensed the slight displeasure in the man beside her. She looked up with a smiling face and said cheerfully, "Because you’re my husband. I know you wouldn’t do anything to betray me." 
As Ashton looked at the girl in his arms with her cheerful smile, a certain part of his heart softened and melted once again.
###Chapter 1682: Chapter 1674: You Are the Best of the Best
"Because you’re my husband," that phrase was filled with absolute trust. 
The discomfort in his heart instantly vanished cleanly. 
He thought, why does he have to prove that she cares about him by her willingness to get jealous? 
If one day, 
she becomes easily jealous and doesn’t trust him at all, would that really be a good thing? 
At that time, it would only prove that he didn’t provide enough sense of security. 
"By the way, you haven’t told me what the birthday gift you sent to Jeremy is?" Joanna Lawrence remembered this and asked curiously. 
Ashton Heath smiled, let her go, and led her in: "It’s an admission notice." 
"Admission notice?" Joanna became even more curious and confused, "What admission notice?" 
Jeremy hadn’t taken the College Entrance Examination yet. 
And even if he had taken the College Entrance Examination, it wouldn’t be Ashton Heath who sent him the admission notice, right? 
"Gaming Team’s." 
"Gaming Team?" Joanna Lawrence was stunned, "But Jeremy told me that he would work in Uncle Damien’s company after graduation. Where would he find the time to join the Gaming Team?" 
"He doesn’t need to be in the team all the time." 
Ashton Heath patiently explained to her: "He is considered a specially hired member of the gaming team. He can join the team whenever he has time. You told me that being a professional gamer is Jeremy’s dream, and what I can do is try to fulfill his dream." 
"Even if Jeremy can’t participate in professional competitions like regular team members, I think he’d be happy just to be in the team occasionally." 
"Yes, you’re right." 
Joanna finally knew why Jeremy was so happy. 
This birthday gift was indeed very significant to Jeremy. 
From Jeremy’s reaction, it was obvious that he was surprised and happy. 
Joanna didn’t expect that Ashton Heath would be so thoughtful. 
This gift might not be very valuable, but it was definitely Jeremy’s favorite birthday gift. 
Not only was this man attentive to her, he also cared about Jeremy. 
Joanna knew that Ashton Heath was being affectionate to everyone. 
He knew how important Jeremy was to her, so he treated Jeremy as his own brother. 
She was a little touched and couldn’t help but bury herself in his arms, hugging his neck and softly saying, "Husband, you’re so good. You’re so good to me and Jeremy. How lucky I am to have a husband as good as you." 
"I’m really so happy." 
These sweet compliments brought satisfaction to Ashton Heath’s heart. 
He lowered his head, pinched the chin of his cute little wife in his arms, leaned down to kiss her lips, and laughed softly, "Is your husband good to you?" 
"Yes!" Joanna nodded vigorously, continuing to shower him with compliments, "You’re the best husband ever." 
The laughter in the captivating eyes of the man deepened. 
"How good?" 
"The best, best husband in the whole world." 
For Joanna, flattering someone was effortless. 
And it didn’t cost anything either. 
So, if Ashton liked to hear it, she would keep flattering him. 
After all, flattering her own husband wasn’t something to be ashamed of. 
"Say it again." 
"You’re the best, best husband." 
* 
Aria Rowlett went abroad with Brandon, so naturally, she couldn’t attend Jeremy’s birthday party. 
She called Joanna.
###Chapter 1683: Chapter 1975: What Should She Do if She Feels Fed with Puppy Love
Joanna Lawrence picked up the phone, and Aria Rowlett’s laughing voice came through shortly after, "Baby, are you with Jeremy now? I just tried to call him, but he didn’t answer. Tell him I’m out of the country, so I won’t be able to attend his birthday party. I’ll give him his birthday gift when I return." 
Just as Joanna was about to speak, another voice rang out from the phone. 
It was a man’s voice. 
"Watch out, look where you’re going." 
Upon hearing this voice, Joanna hesitated for a moment and then exclaimed in surprise, "Aria, was that...Brandon?" 
Aria had not told Joanna that she was going abroad with Brandon Heath. 
So Joanna had no idea. 
"Yep, it’s him," Aria giggled. "I’m with him right now." 
"Isn’t Brandon on a business trip abroad?" 
Joanna had seen the news about Brandon Heath the night before. 
So, did Brandon Heath really bring Aria along with him on his business interview trip? 
"Yes, he’s on a business trip abroad, and I’m with him this time." 
Joanna couldn’t help but feel surprised, "He took you on the business trip with him?" 
Aria’s tone seemed a bit helpless, "Yeah. I didn’t think it was a good idea at first and told him not to take me with him, but he insisted. So I had no choice but to accompany him." 
Joanna: "..." 
How was she supposed to react to this puppy love? 
Even she felt caught off guard by Brandon Heath’s actions. 
As someone known for his meticulous work ethic, it was unbelievable that Brandon would bring his girlfriend on a business visit abroad. 
She had once worried about Brandon’s feelings for Aria. 
Now, there was nothing to worry about. 
Since he was willing to go to such lengths for Aria, it was clear that he really liked her. 
At the very least, Aria occupied a significant place in his heart. 
Joanna couldn’t help but tease her, "Aria, your charm is incredible. To make Brandon do such things for you, it’s no small feat. He must really love you, and I think it won’t be long before I get to taste your wedding candies." 
"Should I practice calling you ’sister-in-law’ now, just to get used to it? So it won’t feel strange when the time comes." 
As expected, Aria blushed a little. 
"Baby, what are you talking about? It’s still too early for me and him." 
Joanna chuckled, "I think as long as you say ’yes,’ Brandon would be more than happy to go get a marriage license with you." 
On the other side. 
Brandon Heath, who was beside Aria, heard Joanna’s teasing words, and he glanced at the girl beside him. If she were to propose marriage now, he indeed would immediately go with her to get a marriage license. 
Although they hadn’t known each other for very long. 
Getting married now might be a bit too soon. 
But he was prepared to enter married life at any moment. 
Aria didn’t seem to want to get married this soon, so Brandon listened as she replied to Joanna, "I haven’t thought about those things yet, let’s talk about it later." 
After a while, Aria hung up the phone. 
She put away her phone and turned her head to look at the man beside her, "Brandon Heath, can I ask you a question?" 
In a mansion in Coburia. 
Brandon Heath had some free time to stroll around the mansion with Aria Rowlett. 
The two were slowly walking along a small creek in the mansion’s grounds. Since Brandon was much taller than Aria, he slowed down his pace considerably so the girl by his side could keep up.
###Chapter 1684: Chapter 1976: Has She Secretly Approached You?
"Alright, ask away." He stopped walking, turned his head to look at the girl beside him. 
Aria Rowlett also looked at him, thought for a moment, and said, "How would you feel if I said let’s get married now?" 
"Get married now?" 
"Yes, right now." 
Brandon Heath didn’t respond immediately, but seriously considered it before saying, "Now might not be possible." 
Aria hesitated, her gaze seeming a bit surprised. 
Although she didn’t plan to marry so young and didn’t have any thoughts of marriage now, Brandon’s refusal still left her feeling somewhat uncomfortable. 
After pausing for a few seconds, her lips moved and she slowly asked, "Why? Is it because you don’t want to get married yet?" 
"No, if you want to get married, I don’t have a problem with it." 
"Then why did you say it’s not possible..." 
"I said it’s not possible because I can’t get a marriage certificate with you right now. At the earliest, we’ll have to wait until after my business trip." Brandon Heath answered her question very seriously, paused, and continued, "But if you’re really in a hurry, there is a way." 
Aria: "..." 
So that’s what he meant by not possible! 
She had misunderstood him just now, thinking he was unwilling! 
Her heart instantly felt less stifled. 
Whether she wanted to get married now or not, at least Brandon’s attitude was very satisfying to her. 
"I’m not in a hurry." She pursed her lips, a hint of a smile appearing in the corners of her mouth, "I just wanted to ask casually." 
Brandon Heath was taken aback, raising an eyebrow: "Just asking casually?" 
"Yes." Aria nodded, "I’m not planning to get married so soon. We haven’t been together for that long, and talking about marriage now seems a bit too early. Besides..." 
She glanced at him, her expression hesitant to speak. 
"What else?" asked Brandon Heath. 
Aria hesitated again and, after a while, finally said, "Also, I’m sure your mom wouldn’t agree to let me marry you. She would definitely oppose our wedding." 
"My mom?" Brandon Heath was silent for a few seconds, "Aria, I’m not a child anymore, I’ve been an adult for a long time. I make my own decisions, even my mom can’t control who I want to marry in the future." 
"Whether she agrees or not, it won’t affect my decision." 
In other words, if he wants to marry her, no one can stop him. 
"What if..." Aria hesitated, wondering whether or not to tell Brandon about what Lady Octavia had done to her. She hesitated for a few seconds, then looked straight into his cold, black eyes and asked, "If I tell you that your mom has done things to hurt me to stop us from being together, would you believe me?" 
Brandon Heath was taken aback, and his expression became a bit solemn. 
"Did my mom have anything to do with that incident before?" Brandon had investigated the issue of Issac Rowlett owing people money and knew it had been a setup. 
Now, hearing Aria say this, he immediately thought of Lady Octavia. 
After all, Lady Octavia had been against him and Aria from the start. 
Aria remained silent. 
Brandon knew the answer. 
His eyes narrowed, and his face darkened: "What exactly happened, and what did my mom do to you? Did she meet with you in private?" 
Aria looked at him, her eyes flickering slightly: "Yes, she approached me before. She gave me ten million dollars to leave you."
###Chapter 1685: Chapter 1977: Will Never Allow Her to Hurt You Again
"However..." her lips curved into a soft smile before she continued, "I told her that ten million dollars was too little. Considering your high personal worth, it should be at least two zeros more. She seemed very angry at the time, thinking I was greedy, so the matter ended there." 
"Later, probably finding negotiation futile, she turned her attention to my family. She had Issac taken into the police station, at fortuitous time when my parents were most anxious. She called them to say that she could help get Issac out of the station." 
"The condition for her help was that my parents find a man and marry me off as soon as possible." 
Seeing Brandon Heath’s increasingly somber expression, Aria Rowlett laughed, her eyes filled with mockery. "The man you saw earlier was my neighbor’s elder brother, we have known each other since childhood. My parents drugged my food and handed me over to him." 
"Gage is a good man, so he didn’t harm me. I’m really grateful to him." 
Her words hid a deeper implication. 
That is, if her parents hadn’t given her to Gage Maurice, who knows what would’ve happened. 
Such luck does not occur every time. 
If Lady Octavia were to do something to her again... 
She might not be so lucky. 
If Lady Octavia didn’t succeed this time, next time her methods will certainly be even more ruthless. 
Being a smart man, Brandon Heath naturally understood the hidden meaning.
His face showed a hint of coldness, "Why are you telling me about this now?" 
Aria Rowlett looked at him, "I’ve been hesitating whether to tell you or not. Regardless, she is your mother, and I didn’t want to strain the relationship between you two. But I’m really afraid of what she might do to drive me away from you." 
"As the respected Lady Octavia, with her wealth and power, it would be easy for her to deal with a girl like me. Brandon Heath, I’m really scared, I just want a calm and peaceful life. I can’t stand living fearfully every day." 
"I understand." As soon as she finished speaking, she felt warmth in her palm. Looking down, Brandon Heath had held her hand. 
The man’s dark eyes stared at her, "I won’t let anything that worries you happen. From now on, I will arrange for someone to protect you. As for my mother ..." 
He frowned, and in a low voice, said: "I’ll have a proper talk with her, I absolutely will not let her hurt you again." 
His words brought Aria a lot of comfort. 
He believed her, he never doubted her. 
He wasn’t biased towards Lady Octavia just because she was his biological mother. 
"What will you talk to her about?" 
"Of course, about you. I won’t let her interfere in my love life anymore." 
Aria Rowlett fell silent, moistening her lips, "What if she simply refuses to agree to our relationship?" 
Brandon, will you break up with me because of this? 
Without any hesitation, Brandon Heath quickly replied, "Then we don’t need to care about her thoughts and opinions. If I can’t even decide who my wife will be, and still have to listen to my parents, then I’m not worthy of being with you." 
My choice of a wife... 
When Aria heard Brandon Heath utter these words, her heart rate suddenly skyrocketed. 
Did she, in his heart, become his choice for a wife?
###Chapter 1686: Chapter 1978: I Seem to Like You More and More
"Aria, I’m sorry." Brandon Heath firmly looked at Aria Rowlett, "You were wronged." 
Aria was taken aback: "Why are you apologizing to me?" 
"I didn’t handle things well. If I had managed the relationship between you and Mom better, those unpleasant things wouldn’t have happened. I never thought she would secretly ask you to leave me, let alone do something so excessive to make you leave." 
Aria looked at the man in front of her, who now had such a humble posture, and her heart felt warm and sweet. 
In others’ eyes, Brandon Heath was an aloof man, high and unreachable. 
He was like a god to ordinary people. 
Once upon a time, Aria thought the same. 
She felt that Brandon was a man she could never touch in her whole life. 
He could only exist in her dreams. 
Before all this, she never even dreamed that she and Brandon would become a couple one day. 
The once unattainable man had now become her boyfriend. 
It felt like a dream to her. 
This dream was too beautiful, too wonderful, and she never wanted to wake up. 
At this moment, Aria even felt that if this man was Brandon, she wouldn’t mind getting married early. 
Because she knew very well. 
She could never find a better man than Brandon Heath. 
"Brandon." Aria was moved, and under his slightly astonished gaze, stretched her arms and hugged him. 
When her slender arms wrapped around his waist, she could feel Brandon’s body stiffen for a few seconds. 
Aria buried her head in his chest and laughed quietly. 
This thirty-year-old innocent man. 
Just hugging him made him react like this. 
It was really hard to believe how he could have the courage to make a move on her that night. 
No wonder he performed so poorly that night; it turned out he was inexperienced. 
Aria found it very incredible. 
How could such an outstanding man like Brandon not have been with a girl before her? 
She didn’t believe it at first. 
It was only through their dating process that she came to believe he hadn’t been in love before. 
Although he seemed cold on the surface, he was actually quite innocent. 
Often blushing when she teased him. 
Aria particularly liked teasing him, especially seeing him blush and shy. 
So she held him tighter, her voice even softer, smiling and saying, "Brandon, I just discovered something." 
The soft and fragrant girl’s body pressed tightly against his chest. 
Her voice tender and gentle. 
As Brandon lowered his head, he caught a whiff of a faint floral scent from her hair, the fragrance lingering at his nostrils, and his heart suddenly started beating faster, his voice slightly cracking: "What?" 
Aria raised her face, deepening the smile on her lips, looking at him, and said word for word, "I found that I seem to like you more and more." 
Brandon was stunned, and a few seconds later, a slight blush appeared on his handsome and fair face. 
His dark eyes flickered: "Aria, you..." 
"What about you?" 
Aria blinked, looking straight at him: "Do you like me more and more?" 
"Aria, I..." In any situation, Brandon Heath was always calm and collected, never flustered, but the girl in his arms made him feel flustered and helpless. 
For a moment, he couldn’t find words to answer.
###Chapter 1687: Chapter 1979: Your Silence Means Consent
Watching her chuckling mischievously and acting all sprightly, his heartbeat quickened further. 
Her laughter was beautiful to behold. 
It created a warm and wonderful feeling. 
Every time she laughed, his heart rate would uncontrollably quicken. 
"Alright, no need to say anything. I know already." Aria Rowlett watched as the man was left speechless by her teasing. His nervous demeanor brought a smile to her face. Her eyes curved as she said, "You must be falling for me more and more, correct? After all, I’m so pretty and adorable. It’s only normal that you can’t resist liking me." 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
"If you don’t respond, I’ll take it as a yes." 
"..." 
Brandon Heath remained silent. 
Because he thought, Aria was indeed quite attractive, and very adorable. 
He indeed couldn’t control it; he was falling for her. 
At first, he proposed to date her mostly out of a sense of responsibility. 
But now, his desire to be with her wasn’t much about responsibility anymore. 
"You indeed are deeply in love with me." Aria touched her own face, her expression saying that she was smitten with herself, "I knew it. With my head-turning beauty that every person and flower can’t resist, you can’t ward off my charm." 
Brandon Heath: "..." 
Charming all people, causing flowers to bloom at sight? 
She must be quite thick-skinned to say something like that. 
However, he doesn’t desire her to be admired by lots of people. 
His liking for her was more than enough. 
"Brandon Heath, why aren’t you saying anything?" Aria pouted in displeasure and glared at him, "Do you think I’m infatuated with myself and that’s why you’re ignoring me? Do you not like me at all?" 
Brandon Heath hurriedly said: "No." 
"No? So that means you like me then?" 
"..." 
"Speak up, do you like me or not?" Aria insisted on questioning him. 
It wasn’t easy to force a confession of love from a man like Brandon. 
She had been dating Brandon for a while now. 
He treated her really well and was willing to give her many things. It was not an understatement to say he spoiled her. 
Yet, Aria had not heard a single word of confession from him. 
Brandon, cornered with her relentless questioning, felt a little helpless. His face reddening, he pursed his thin lips and uncomfortably uttered the two words: "I do." 
Suddenly, Aria’s heart was coated in honey, filled with sweetness. 
She reached out and curled her arms around his neck, got on her tiptoes, and before he could react, swiftly pecked him on the lips. 
"Hmm, I like you too." 
Brandon was taken aback for a moment. 
Aria blinked her innocent eyes, "What’s wrong, didn’t you like it?" 
"...No." 
"So you liked the way I treated you just now?" 
"...Aria." 
Brandon felt his face heat up as the woman in his arms continued to tease him, somewhat at a loss about how to react. 
After all, she was his girlfriend. 
It was only normal for her to act intimately towards him. 
He couldn’t possibly forbid his own girlfriend from getting close to him. 
However, this was the first time he’d encountered a girl like Aria. 
The first time he’d been teased by a girl. 
Usually, it should be him doing these things to her. 
"Speak up," Aria laughed, her voice muffled against his chest, "do you like it or not?" 
Left with no choice, Brandon could only answer, "Yes."
###Chapter 1688: Chapter 1980: I Will Treat You Twice as Well
"So that means you like it." Aria laughed again and said, "I knew you would like it for sure. Brandon Heath, you’re not allowed to let any other woman treat you like this, do you understand?" 
Aria was a very possessive person as well. 
If she decided that Brandon was her man, she wouldn’t allow any other woman to covet him. 
She knew how good Brandon was. 
Any man she set her sights on would undoubtedly be attractive to other women. Even if Brandon wasn’t the kind of man to flirt around, he couldn’t help it if women approached him on their own initiative. 
Faced with her dominance, Brandon looked at her with infinite indulgence and smiled back, "Okay." 
Aria: "..." 
Damn it, her heart was beating fast again. 
Could this man, Brandon Heath, please stop smiling at her so seductively? 
Did he even know how heart-fluttering his smile was? 
As his girlfriend, she couldn’t resist either. 
She swallowed hard, trying her best to restrain herself, telling herself time and again that as his girlfriend, she shouldn’t act like a love-struck fool in front of her boyfriend. 
"Brandon, will you agree to anything I say to you?" From the beginning of their relationship until now, this man had always been submissive to her and never refused any of her requests. 
Aria felt that if this goes on, she might be spoiled by Brandon. 
"Mm." Brandon nodded, "As long as it’s something I can do for you." 
He would agree to her. 
Since they were already together, he would do his best to treat her well. 
He was willing to do anything he could for her. 
Aria’s heart filled with sweetness, and her eyes sparkled with laughter. 
"Brandon Heath, I just realized that I like you a little more than I did just moments ago." Aria hooked her arm around his neck, smiling at him and said, "Keep treating me this well, and if I ever fall in love with you, you won’t be able to shake me off." 
"Really?" Brandon also smiled, gazing at her tenderly, "So if I treat you even better, you’ll fall in love with me even sooner?" 
Aria was stunned. 
Brandon curved his lips and said, "If that’s the case, I’ll double my efforts to treat you even better so that you’ll fall in love with me sooner." 
Aria: "..." 
Why did she feel like she was the one being seduced? 
* 
At the Heath family banquet. 
Jeremy Lawrence, the host of the banquet, was led by Damien Heath to meet various elder family members. 
Damien intended to groom Jeremy to be his successor, so he began helping him expand his network from now on. 
He introduced Jeremy to many business partners and purposely emphasized Jeremy’s importance in front of others. 
After leading Jeremy around for a while, noticing that Jeremy kept glancing towards the entrance, Damien patted Jeremy on the shoulder and asked, "Jeremy, what are you looking at? Are there still guests who haven’t arrived yet?" 
Damien had noticed that Jeremy was out of sorts tonight. 
Jeremy had been acting perfunctorily throughout the event. 
His mind was clearly not on the banquet. 
Seeing that he seemed to be waiting for someone, Damien asked the question directly.
Jeremy was startled and slowly turned his gaze away from the entrance. After a moment of silence, he said, "It’s nothing. Dad, have we finished greeting everyone? I want to make a phone call if that’s okay."
###Chapter 1689: Chapter 1981: She Must Be Sick
After dialing, after several rings, the other side finally picked up. 
There was a soft, sweet voice of a girl coming through, somewhat surprised, "Jeremy Lawrence, is that you?"
"Hmm, it’s me." Jeremy Lawrence lifted his wrist and glanced at the time, then at the darkened sky, his brow furrowing slightly. 
He was silent for a while, then asked softly, "Regina Kelloway, you didn’t... come tonight, right?" 
There was silence on Regina’s end for a while before she replied, "Today is your 18th birthday, and I was definitely going to attend your birthday banquet. But something came up here, I probably won’t make it." 
"I’m sorry, Jeremy Lawrence." Regina finished, then coughed a few times. 
Her voice sounded a bit hoarse, different from usual. 
Jeremy Lawrence pursed his lips, and an overwhelming feeling of loss suddenly filled his heart. 
However, when he spoke, his tone did not reveal any abnormality: "Is that so? I just felt like I hadn’t seen you tonight, so I called to check. Since you are busy, go ahead, I’ll hang up." 
"Yes. Jeremy Lawrence, happy birthday." Regina spoke, then coughed several times, her voice somewhat hoarse. 
Jeremy Lawrence finally realized that something was wrong. 
He frowned and asked, "Regina Kelloway, are you sick?" 
Regina was silent for a moment before brushing it off, "I might have caught a cold, but I’ll be alright after taking some medicine. Jeremy Lawrence, is this you showing concern for me?" 
Jeremy Lawrence frowned again, pursing his lips, and only after a few seconds did he say, "Don’t think too much, I just casually asked." 
"Ha." Regina chuckled, "I knew it must be me deluding myself. There must be so many people you need to deal with at the party, you must be very busy. I won’t bother you then." 
"I’m going to hang up now." 
Jeremy Lawrence didn’t want to hang up just like that. 
He still had so many things to say. 
For example, he wanted to ask her when she would be transferring schools. 
He also wanted to ask her where she had decided to move to. 
What he wanted to ask even more was whether she could stay. 
But many words had already reached the tip of his tongue, and after much hesitation, he didn’t say them. 
He wondered, on what basis could he have her stay? 
He had hurt her for three whole years. 
Now, if he asked her to stay, how would she view him? 
Moreover, if she had already decided to leave, would a word of persuasion from him make her stay? 
Jeremy Lawrence thought a lot. 
Before he could figure out what to do, he heard Regina softly say to him, "Jeremy Lawrence, goodbye. From now on, you must take care of yourself and, you must be very happy." 
Jeremy Lawrence realized that Regina was about to hang up. In his anxiety, he was just about to speak when he heard another female voice through the phone, "Ms. Kelloway, you should play with your phone less. You are seriously injured now, and you should rest." 
"I’m sorry, head nurse, I took a call from a friend. I’ll hang up now." 
"Wait." Jeremy Lawrence’s face changed, and just before Regina could hang up, he stopped her. His brow furrowed, "Regina Kelloway, what’s going on? Are you in the hospital now?" 
A regular cold would not need a hospital visit. 
Moreover, that head nurse mentioned "serious injury," so it couldn’t just be a regular cold. 
Jeremy Lawrence felt that Regina was hiding something from him. 
She must be sick.
###Chapter 1690: Chapter 1982: Jeremy Lawrence, you’re making me misunderstand
But her illness was definitely not just a common cold. 
Regina Kelloway seemed to be stunned for a moment, and a few seconds later, she spoke again with a relaxed tone: "Didn’t I say, I just caught a cold. So I went to the hospital to see a doctor." 
"But, you are admitted to the hospital." 
"Well, I have a slight fever, so I’m getting a fever shot at the hospital." 
Her tone was too casual. 
It sounded as if she really just had a cold. 
But Jeremy Lawrence didn’t believe her anymore. 
He clenched his fists tightly, and when he spoke again, his tone was slightly forceful and cold: "Regina, you are lying to me. You definitely didn’t go to the hospital for a cold. Tell me, what the hell happened?" 
She must have encountered some problems, so she couldn’t make it to his party. 
After years of interaction, despite Jeremy Lawrence’s repeated efforts to maintain a distance from her, he found that he knew Regina quite well. 
Regina liked him a lot, and she was even obsessed with him. 
That’s why she persisted in pursuing him for three years, even though he was so cold to her. 
A girl like Regina would not miss his birthday party just because of a minor cold. 
Even if she caught a severe cold, she would definitely try to find a way to come. 
The only possibility for her not being able to come was that her illness was so serious that she couldn’t get out of bed. 
At this thought, Jeremy Lawrence’s heart suddenly accelerated, and he suddenly became afraid. 
"Jeremy, I’m really okay." Regina apparently didn’t want to tell him the truth, "I really just caught a cold. The head nurse just told me to use my phone less, so I have to hang up now. You..." 
"Hospital address, room number." 
"Jeremy?" 
"I don’t want to repeat myself a second time, Regina, tell me your current address." 
"I..." 
"If you don’t say it, I will search every hospital." 
"But your party hasn’t finished yet." 
"Not important, birthdays happen every year." 
Regina was silent for a while: "Jeremy, you’re going to give me the wrong impression." 
Jeremy Lawrence was startled: "What misunderstanding?" 
Regina: "I might think that you like me a little bit and care about me." 
Jeremy Lawrence’s face slightly changed, and he fell silent. 
"I’m really fine, Jeremy. Enjoy your birthday. I really have to hang up now." After Regina finished speaking, she hung up the phone. 
Jeremy Lawrence’s face tightened, and he stood in place for a while before turning around and walking back to the hall. 
He found Ashton Heath. 
"Ashton, can you do me a favor?" 
It was rare for his brother-in-law to take the initiative to ask him for help, so Ashton Heath would definitely respond to his request. 
He hooked his lips and took a glass of red wine from Joanna Lawrence’s hand, then warned her with his eyes not to drink any more alcohol.
"What’s the matter?" 
Jeremy Lawrence pursed his lips, hesitated for a few seconds, and then slowly said: "A friend of mine is sick and in the hospital. I want to visit her at the hospital. However, I don’t know which hospital she is in." 
"A friend? What kind of friend?" Ashton Heath had a hint of deep meaning in his eyes, "Do you mean you want me to help you find her? In that case, you have to tell me if your friend is male or female, and what their name is." 
Jeremy Lawrence’s facial expression changed, and after a long silence, he finally said the name with some difficulty: "It’s, it’s Regina Kelloway." 
After saying it, he felt his face heating up. 
"Regina Kelloway?" Ashton Heath’s eyes were full of amusement. He turned his head and exchanged a tacit glance with Joanna Lawrence, "Regina is sick? You want to visit her right now?"
###Chapter 1691: Chapter 1983: She Had a Car Accident
At first, Jeremy felt embarrassed. 
However, after speaking up about his concerns, he no longer felt embarrassed. 
More importantly, he was now very worried about Regina Kelloway. 
He wanted to see her as soon as possible and find out what had happened to her. 
Jeremy knew that Ashton Heath was aware of his feelings for Regina. 
So, in front of Ashton, he didn’t hide his feelings much. 
"Yes, Ashton, I need to go out now. Can you help me find out which hospital Regina is in?" 
"Don’t you have her phone number?" 
Jeremy: "...She wouldn’t tell me." 
The more Regina refused to tell him, the more worried Jeremy felt. 
If he didn’t go see her now, he probably wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight. 
Ashton nodded, indicating he understood the situation: "This is a simple matter. Just wait a moment, and I’ll have someone look for her." 
Indeed, finding out which hospital Regina was in was a simple task for Ashton. 
In less than five minutes, he had Cody Aberton gather all the information about her hospital room, including why she had been admitted. 
Ashton then relayed the information to Jeremy. 
Upon hearing it, Jeremy turned pale and his voice trembled: "She...she had a car accident?" 
"Yes." Ashton noticed Jeremy’s reaction and quickly reassured him, "But there is no danger to her life. She was just hit in the leg and suffered a fracture. She’ll be fine after staying in the hospital for some time." 
"Fractured..." Jeremy felt a pang in his heart, unable to describe the feeling of heartache. 
No wonder she couldn’t attend his birthday party. 
How could she possibly come with a fractured leg? 
However, she had told him she only had a cold. 
Was she hiding the truth from him to keep him from worrying, or did she feel it was unnecessary to share the truth with him? 
Had she already given up on him and didn’t want to involve him in any way, thus hiding the truth from him? 
She had even said goodbye to him before. 
Now, thinking back, Jeremy felt that her "goodbye" meant she had given up on him completely. 
He had been cold and distant to her, not wanting to give her any hope. 
But now... 
As he thought about her possibly giving up on him for real, he didn’t feel relieved at all. Instead, his heart felt empty, as if something important was lost. 
"Regina had a fracture? I didn’t know it was so serious," Joanna exclaimed in surprise. Glancing at Jeremy, she continued, "Jeremy, you and Regina are classmates. Her being in the hospital due to an accident, it is right for you as a classmate to pay her a visit." 
Joanna said this because she knew Jeremy wanted to go see Regina. 
She was just giving him a more appropriate excuse. 
When Jeremy found out about Regina’s accident, his heart was no longer with his birthday party. 
Although Ashton tried to downplay Regina’s condition, Jeremy still worried a lot. 
Unless he saw with his own eyes that Regina was alright... 
He wouldn’t believe anyone who said her injuries were not severe. 
"You’re right. Joanna, Ashton, I’m going to visit her at the hospital. If my dad asks, just tell him that I went to see a friend in the hospital. I probably won’t return tonight..." 
"Go ahead," Ashton nodded. "I’ll take care of everything else. You don’t need to worry." 
"Thank you, Ashton!" 
* 
Hanging up the phone. 
Regina held onto her mobile phone, lying on the hospital bed lost in thought.
###Chapter 1692: Chapter 1984: You Definitely Won’t Be That Unlucky
She was still thinking about the words Jeremy Lawrence had just said to her. 
She didn’t want to dwell on it, not wanting to appear overly sentimental. 
But she felt that it wasn’t just her imagination just now. 
Jerry Lawrence’s words seemed to reveal that he cared about her a lot. 
Even if it wasn’t that much, at least he cared a little. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t keep asking her which hospital she was in. 
If he didn’t care, whether she was dead or alive had nothing to do with him. 
However, Regina Kelloway felt that she was being overly sentimental again. 
She had been pursuing Jeremy Lawrence for three whole years. 
Even back when the Kelloway family was still respectable, he didn’t fall for her. 
How could he fall for her now, when he had become the glamorous young master of the Heath family and she had turned into a destitute heiress? 
It was probably just out of concern for a classmate. 
If it were any other classmate, he might have said those words too. 
She was about to leave Closia, so why bother thinking about such unrealistic things? 
After mocking herself, Regina put her phone aside. 
As she was about to lie down and sleep, she heard the voices of her sister, Rebecca Kelloway, and Lady Patrice outside her room. 
The door to the hospital room was pushed open. 
Lady Patrice entered the room with an anxious and worried expression, and after approaching the bed, her eyes reddened when she saw Regina’s leg in a cast and hanging up. 
"Regina." Lady Patrice sat down by the bed, grabbing Regina’s hand and choking out the words. 
She cried with heartache, "How did you have a car accident? My poor child, you’ve never suffered like this before, it must be so painful." 
Seeing Lady Patrice crying like this, Regina held her hand back and gently comforted her, "Mom, don’t cry, I’m fine. I consider myself lucky. It’s just a fracture, and the doctor said I’ll be fine after some time." 
Lady Patrice’s eyes were still red from crying, "Your leg is broken, and you still say it’s fine. I just asked the doctor, and he said that even if your leg heals, it might still have some hidden problems. You are still young, not married yet, what if there’s something wrong with your leg..." 
Regina pursed her lips, and her hand at her side clenched tight as well. 
The doctor had indeed said that. 
Although the probability was extremely small, even a 1% chance was dangerous. 
Regina had been trying to ignore this issue. 
But now that Lady Patrice had brought it up, she couldn’t ignore it any longer. 
Due to the car accident and blood loss, Regina looked pale, and Lady Patrice’s words made her already haggard face even paler. 
After Lady Patrice had finished speaking and realized Regina’s face had changed, she suddenly realized that she had said something she shouldn’t. 
"Regina, don’t be sad." Lady Patrice tried to make up for it, "The doctor also said that there’s a 90% chance that your leg will fully recover. The possibility of that hidden problem is extremely small, so don’t think about the bad things." 
"Mom, I know all of this." Regina lowered her head in silence for a while, and when she lifted her head, there was a hint of a smile on her face. "I’m not sad, and I believe I won’t be that unlucky." 
"Yes, yes." Lady Patrice nodded hurriedly, "You definitely won’t be that unlucky." 
"Regina, does your leg still hurt?" Lady Patrice really doted on her youngest daughter. 
Even more so than her older daughter, Rebecca Kelloway.

