###Chapter 1
I've always known my destiny. Some search for years trying to find their place in the world, others never truly find their calling. But not me. I knew from the moment I was born to two Guardians, the most powerful warriors in my pack, that I was meant to be a warrior. A Guardian.
My parents were fated mates, short for soulmates. Two halves of the same soul. Most werewolves strive to find their mate, the one that completes them. While there are some that see the mate bond as a weakness and instantly reject their mates when they find them, most only get stronger. That's how it was with my parents. The mate bond made them stronger, and they were a powerful couple.
As Guardians and the strongest, most powerful fighters in our pack, my parents were responsible for ensuring the safety of our Alpha, Alpha Anders; his mate, Luna Calista, and their young son, our future Alpha, Rik. It was during an attack from a neighboring pack that thought they could defeat our Alpha and take over, that I lost my mother. She died protecting our Luna and their son. I was only 5 years old at the time.
During that same battle, my father, while protecting our Alpha, took on five of the eight wolves that attacked our Alpha. They both held their own until other warriors came to assist. However, at the moment my mother died and he felt the tether of his link to her break, my father faltered. One of the wolves jumped onto his back trying to bring him down. When he couldn't, he bit down on my father’s back, snapping his spine. Werewolves can heal from many things — cuts, bruises, even small breaks, but not paralyzing spinal injuries.
From that day on, my father became a shell of his old self. While most wolves would have died at the loss of their mate, my father survived solely to care for me. He has done his best and he loves me, but he lost so much that day. He not only lost his mate, he lost his ability to walk, and his status as a warrior. He lost himself. 
###Chapter 2
As I walk through the halls of my high school in between classes, my fellow warriors call out to me. I wave and acknowledge them in response. Jason, my best friend, jogs to catch up to me. “Hey Little Badass, what are you doing after school?”
“Jason, don’t call me that. I hate that name.”
“Well, I've got news for you, the whole squad is calling you little badass after that stunt you pulled yesterday, so you better get used to it.”
I stop in my tracks and look at Jason. “Tell me you're joking!” By the look on his face, I see he’s not joking. Well shit! “Anyway,” he continues, “after school?” “Oh right. I’m doing my usual, hanging out with dad.”
“And by ‘hanging out’ you mean training? That's your secret right, you get to train with the biggest badass that this pack has ever known?”
I stop and look at my long-time friend. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Alpha Rik with his entourage of females. “I see the harem continues to grow,” I nod my chin in Alpha Rik’s direction, ignoring Jason’s question about training with my dad.
He’s right, I do train with my father. Every day. I know my path, it’s been set for me since the day I was born. My job is to be the strongest, fastest, most powerful warrior in the pack, better even than my mom and dad. My legacy is to one day protect the Alpha, just as my father did.
My only problem with that is our future alpha doesn’t even know who I am. What kind of alpha doesn’t know the daughter of the man and woman that are the sole reason that he and his family are alive? My parents’ sacrifices are the reason he is able to be the man whore he chooses to be. And lucky me, one day I get to protect that piece of....an alpha.
Don’t get me wrong, I understand the alpha’s desire to show off how great he is. It’s what alphas do. And if I’m being honest, Alpha Rik has it all. Midnight black hair that he wears nearly to his shoulders. His full beard and mustache trimmed in a long stubble. And those eyes, a startling color of blue, like a glacier, that stand out in his tanned skin. His broad, muscular arms and shoulders sit well on his 6’4’ frame which slides into a sharp V at his waist, sliding into narrow hips, rounded out by strong, muscular legs that pants and jeans can’t hide. Every unmated female of age in our pack and every other nearby pack hopes that they have a chance to be our future Luna. And if not the future Luna, at least to have the possibility of becoming the gorgeous alpha’s girlfriend and maybe being taken as a chosen mate, hence the harem.
I watch as he stands among his members, showing nothing but arrogance and strength. Even his name means brave. Strong and brave. It’s a thing with our alpha family. The men are all named based on origins meaning courageous or brave. And, so far, it's true. Our pack is strong, one of the largest and definitely the strongest in the country. Our Alpha is a powerful force, leading by example. But he’s also kind and fair, exactly what you want in the leader of your pack. Our future alpha, however, well, let's just say the jury is still out on that one. He’s definitely strong. I’ve watched him train, he’s a beast. Alpha genes will do that for you. Unlike me, I have to be smarter and work harder than any alpha if I’m going to be his protector. Not only that, but I'ma relatively small female in my slight, fit 5’°4” frame. But that just means that my opponents tend to underestimate me. My fellow warriors have learned that I’m not an easy target. I’ve defeated all of them at one time or another. I’ve earned their respect, along with Alpha Anders’. He provides our training in the morning before school, which is when I attend. The afternoons, when the other warriors train with Alpha Rik, I train with my father.
I, however, refuse to be one of Rik’s crowd of admirers. Maybe it's my own arrogance, but I will most likely be his guardian someday. I have no wish to be just another mark on his bedpost. And really, have some respect, if not for yourself, at least for your future mate. We all have a mate out there. And I have no intention of offending my future mate by being in a long line of short relationships or worse a long-term, serious relationship with someone else. I’ve chosen my fated mate before I’ve even met him.
‘It's a good thing we're in agreement on this one’ my wolf Artemis says, ‘I wouldn't forgive you if you offended our mate. I can’t wait to turn 18 so we can find him.’ My wolf is much more excited about finding our mate than I am.
Once I turn 18 and step up as guardian, I will have to spend an inordinate amount of time in Rik’s presence. Unless, and this is key, I meet my mate and he is from another pack. Then my allegiance moves to that alpha. It’s because of this, that I know Alpha Anders really hopes that my mate is from our pack. My father and I are the biggest reason that our pack is the strongest in the country. However, I’ve been flirting with the Alpha of the Shadow Falls pack, Alpha Liam, for nearly a year now. He is a bit older than I am, at 24. He hasn't met his mate yet and he knows that I’m waiting for mine. He’s been respectful of my decision, but persistent in his attention.
I realize I’ve zoned out and Jason is still talking to me while I’ve been staring at Alpha Rik. Suddenly, he must feel my eyes on him as he looks right at me, his ice blue eyes staring holes into my soul. It’s like a buzz of electricity. What the...what was that?
I feel Artemis purring in my head. ‘Artemis What the hell?’ ‘I honestly don’t know, maybe it’s because he’s an alpha?’ ‘Seriously? Not you too?!’
‘It's instinct, I can’t help it.’
I shut her out and drag my eyes away from the magnetic pull that is Alpha Rik to turn my attention back to Jason, ‘I’m sorry, what was that?”
“Cara, are you even paying attention to me I said, yes, the harem continues to increase in size as Alpha Rik gets closer to his 18th birthday, you know they are all hoping they will be his mate.”
“Yes, but ‘there can be only one” I say, giving him my best highlander impression. Jason is a sucker for old school Highlander movies.
“Good one”, he says, wrapping his arm around my neck and dragging me off to my next class, which is also his class. We pass a couple other pack mates who all call me little badass. Great, Jason wasn’t kidding. “Just accept it Cara. If the nickname fits...”
“Yeah, fine, not like I have much of a choice anyway.”
“That’s the spirit. So, anyway, back to my original question.” “Which was...” I ask, dragging out the ‘was’. “Seriously Car? I asked what you are doing after school.”
“Oh right, sorry. Well, it's Thursday. You know Alpha Anders always comes and has dinner with my dad and I on Thursdays. So, after training, I'll be making dinner, then homework.”
Ever since I can remember, Alpha Anders comes to have dinner with my father on Thursdays. I think it’s his way of showing his appreciation for my father’s sacrifice. Honestly, it’s gone a long way to helping my father stay connected to the pack. After my mother died and dad lost the use of his legs, he asked Alpha Anders if we could leave the pack. I think he wanted to try to live among humans. Instead of agreeing to let us leave, Alpha Anders had a house built on the edge of the pack territory. That way, we're still pack members, but dad doesn’t have to be involved in all of the pack activities, see the warriors training or wolves running in the woods surrounding our pack lands. We are still under the protection of the pack and we help to monitor our portion of the northern boundary. It gives my dad a sense of purpose within the pack, or at least I think it does.
“I forgot it was Thursday” Jason replies. “Well, are we still set for clubbing tomorrow night?” “Yep, always ready to blow off some steam.” “Excellent!”
I sigh as we walk into class. 
###Chapter 3
Only a few months left of school and I’m done. I'll turn 18 in a couple of weeks and if all goes well, I’ll meet my mate, and then dad can hand over the title of Alpha to me after I graduate.
I meet up with Chase, my best friend and my future Beta when I walk into the kitchen of the pack house. “Hey man, what's up?”
“Morning Alpha, how’s it hanging?” he asks me with a smirk. Bastard must have seen Sheila sneaking out earlier. I smirk back as I sip my coffee, “no blue balls here.”
He laughs outright. “Yeah, you know if your mom catches you...”. He doesn’t have to finish his sentence, we both know my mother would skin me alive. She wants me to wait for my mate. “She won't,” I reply. “What were you doing up so early anyway?”
He takes a sip of his coffee looking sheepish before answering. “No blue balls on me either my friend. But, at least I'll walk the girl to her car.”
I smile at my best friend before grabbing my keys, ignoring his jab. “You riding with me today?” “Yep”, he answers as he follows me out.
The ride to school is short. It’s on the border between our pack lands and the Shadow Falls pack. It’s about a 15 minute drive from the packhouse where Chase and I live. He lives on the 3rd floor with his family, the Beta’s floor. I live on the 4th floor with my parents, the space allotted for the alpha family. Our Gamma family lives on the 2nd floor. The floors for the ranked wolves are all on the left side of the pack house. The right side also has rooms on the second through fourth floors for guests and unmated warriors that choose to live here rather than in a separate home. The first floor has a large kitchen and dining room along with a rec room, living room and conference rooms for when we have large gatherings in the pack. Omegas who choose to live in the pack house are provided housing on the first floor as well.
Our pack, the Canyon Ridge Pack, is the 2nd largest in the country with well over 500 pack members. And, even though we're not the largest, we are by far, the strongest. My father is a powerful alpha, I am a strong and powerful alpha heir, and technically, we have two guardians, although I've never met the daughter of the man and woman that saved my family’s life. I've heard the stories my entire life. My mother created a memorial for Lily Nelson, the Guardian that gave her life to save both my mother and me. She visits the memorial at least once a week to leave fresh flowers and, as she says, to let Lily know that her sacrifice is not forgotten and was not in vain. I say my own silent thank you to Mrs. Nelson and I promise to look after Cara for her.
My father has dinner with Clint Nelson every week. I’ve attempted to join my father, but he says this is his time with Clint. Even my mother does not join them. Dad has been trying to get Clint to become more active in the pack for years, even offering him a position as lead trainer for our warriors, but he won’t budge. Somewhere along the line he was labeled as ‘The Broken Warrior’. While my father threatened to punish anyone that called Mr. Nelson by that name, it didn’t matter, the name stuck. I can understand why. He was the best warrior in our pack and now he’s a paraplegic. He’s been in a wheelchair for nearly 13 years. He and his daughter live right on the edge of our packlands and the entire pack has been ordered to give them space. The daughter is around my age, according to my mother. I guess she spends all her time taking care of her father.
We pull into the school parking lot and head into school. Chase and I are immediately surrounded by females. They are all hoping to be the next Luna or Beta female. Most would just be happy to say they slept with one or both of us and we’re happy to oblige. However, I would never take any of them as my Luna, unless she was my fated mate. But I'd be hard pressed to take a mate that had happily slept with me and/or my Beta and who knows how many other men.
Is it a double standard? Yep. Do I care? Nope.
“Hey Rik. Got any plans for the weekend,” a red-head asks. I think her name is Jessica and I’m pretty sure she has slept with both Chase and I. One look at Chase and I know I’m right. “Not yet, why?”
“Well, my friends and I are going to Dark Moon on Friday and we were hoping you and Chase would like to join us. It'll be a lot of fun.” She tries to give me a seductive look and I know what kind of ‘fun’ she’s referencing. I look at Chase again and I can see we're in sync. “Yeah, I think we can make it.”
Her face lights up like I just gave her the best present ever. “Excellent!” Her friend leans into me, “You won't regret it” she whispers to me. I look at her friend, “I’m sure I won't.”
They turn down one of the side hallways, Jessica walking backward, “See you later Alpha, Beta”. I wink at her, “Later”. As Chase and I head to class, he looks over at me, “Well that sounds promising.” I smile at him, “Definitely”.
After lunch, Chase and I are surrounded by a group of friends and even more females. The girls are all chatting away about going dancing tomorrow night. Now it looks like half of my pack and half of the Shadow Falls Pack, our neighboring pack, lead by Alpha Liam, are all going to the club tomorrow night.
I feel like someone is watching me and I look up and I’m locked in to the most beautiful green eyes. My breath catches and I forget how to breathe for a minute. She’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Beautiful brown hair with big thick curls, eyes like emeralds and a mouth made for kissing. My wolf, Kai, sits up and tries to push forward.
‘Kai, what's going on?’
‘I don’t know, I like her,’ he responds, and I swear he’s wagging his damn tail. Since Kai has never shown an interest in ANY female, this is surprising.
I turn to my future Beta, “Chase, who’s that girl?”. A nod my head in her direction as I see a guy wrap his arm around her neck and the two of them walk off together. I have to clamp my mouth shut as Kai tries to growl.
‘Seriously Kai, what the fuck?’
‘I want to meet her, go introduce yourself. That boy is no match for us, we’re alphas.’
‘Dude, calm down! We're in the middle of school.’ I push him into the back of my mind when Chase responds, “You mean the brunette? No idea but she’s definitely your type. She’s got that curly hair you go for.’ He’s right, I love it when a girl has their hair in those loose curls. And hers looks like silk.
He looks back at me. "Want me to find out?” he asks.
“Nah, I'll just ask her myself when I see her again.” I give him a grin that says that I'll have her eating out of my hand by the end of the day as the bell rings and we all head to our next class. 
###Chapter 4
I finish out my school day and head for my locker. Jason is my ride today, as we take turns driving to school. This is his week. I’m rearranging my books to take home what I need for my homework when a shadow falls over my locker. I look up into the glacial blue eyes of Alpha Rik. Great! What does my future alpha want?
I reign in my impatience and aggravation. No use pissing off the one I'll most likely be bound to for my entire life.
I take a deep breath, “Alpha, how can I help you?” Personally, I think I did a great job of acting uninterested while still being polite.
“Hey there beautiful, I don’t believe I've seen you around before.” Seriously? This is his opening line? Like we haven’t gone to the same schools our ENTIRE lives?
I put on my best fake smile, “I guess you haven't. It’s a bit hard to see past all of your adoring fans.” I close my locker and lean my shoulder against it, facing him. I decide to have a little fun and bat my eyes. “You ARE an alpha right?” I ask, making sure to give him my best wide-eyed, star-struck look.
“lam sweetheart, but don’t let my aura intimidate you. I hear it can be a bit overwhelming.” Wow! This guy certainly thinks highly of himself. Even Artemis snorts in my head. The joke’s on him. Guardians are completely immune to the Alpha aura or command. My father says it’s because, in the past, alphas started to care too much for their guardians so they would command them to stand down in a fight allowing their Alpha to be injured or even killed. Over time, the Alpha command no longer worked on us. I guess I won't ever have to worry about that with this alpha, not like he even knows who I am or appreciates my family’s sacrifice.
And while I can feel Rik’s aura, it washes right over me. But I have no intention of letting this douchebag know who or what I am. “Oh wow’, I bring my hand up to my heart as if I’m trying to hold my palpitations at bay, “It’s really nice to meet you.” Artemis snickers in my head, ‘Laying it on a bit thick aren’t you?’
Maybe I am but, honestly, an alpha should know his pack members. It would be insulting that he doesn’t recognize me under normal circumstances, but the fact that my family has given so much for his and he doesn’t even know who I am? Well, it just grinds my gears.
He puts his hand out to shake mine, “I’m Rik, Alpha heir of the Canyon Ridge Pack, maybe you've heard of me?” I move my mouth into the most convincing ‘Oh’ I can muster and attempt to look even more flustered. “Oh, oh wow, nice to meet you”, and I shake his hand.
What I didn’t expect was to feel a jolt, like an electric current going through my hand, making the hair raise up and down my arms. It wasn’t unpleasant, but very much unexpected. Rik looks startled for a moment and I wonder if he felt it too. Weird. Maybe it’s static electricity from the locker.
He’s holding my hand and looking at me expectantly. I’m wondering what he’s waiting for and why he’s not letting go of my hand when he finally speaks. “It’s customary where I’m from to introduce yourself after someone introduces themselves to you”. He gives me a charming smile, as if making females speechless is an everyday occurrence for him. And possibly it is. He is surrounded by dimwit followers all day every day, it can’t be that hard to make them speechless. However, I am not one of his merry menagerie, so I’m about to introduce myself when I’m saved by Jason.
“Hey Ca-”, I cut him off before he can say my name. “Hey Jason, do you know Alpha Rik?” I ask and give him a glare that I hope he interprets correctly. Jason gives me a ‘what the hell?’ look before turning to Rik. “Of course. Alpha Rik is from my pack and is my future alpha.” I’m SO thankful for Jason right now. He may not know why I am acting stupid, but he’s going along for the ride. “Alpha” he acknowledges Rik as he inclines his head showing his neck in submission.
“Jason”, Rik nods his head to Jason. “I was just introducing myself to your friend here.” He turns back to me. “So, sweetheart, what's your name and what pack are you from?”
Ok, so now I’m getting pissed. He really doesn’t have a clue as to who I am. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Jason flinch. Time for me to move this along. “What makes you think I’m not from your pack?” I raise an eyebrow at him, moving past innocent toward snarky.
He looks at me with a typical condescending alpha air, arching his own eyebrow in return. “Well sweetheart, I know every member of my pack, and I don’t know you.” And now it’s time for me to knock that arrogant asshole down a peg or two.
I lean into him, putting my hand on his chest. His very chisled and warm chest. Geez, are alphas made of granite? I force myself not to slide my hand over more of his body to see if it’s all this hard and sculpted. Head in the game Car.
I get up on my tip toes and bring my mouth up toward his ear. Luckily, he takes the hint and leans into me as well so I can whisper in his ear, “Well, obviously you don’t know EVERY member. And my name isn’t Sweetheart.”
I'm pretty sure I heard his quick intake of breath as I turn on my heel and start to walk away. “Let’s go Jay, I need to get home’.
Once we're in the car, Jason looks at me, “Ok, so you want to tell me what that was all about? Why are you letting Alpha Rik think you're from some other pack?”
“I'm not’, I insist. I mean really, Rik started that conversation. He obviously has no idea who I am and then he’s going to stand there and try to tell me he knows every member of his pack? “I’m not just going to let that go Jay. Why should I? He’s the future Alpha of our pack. If he’s going to be arrogant, he should at least be able to back it up. You heard him. He didn’t even know I was from his pack.”
“So why not just tell him?”
I look at my bestie with my mouth hanging on the floor. “Are you kidding me right now?” “I'm just saying, be careful Car,” he looks at me pleadingly.
“Of what Jay? That he might actually realize who I am and be angry at me? It’s not like I’m wrong here. And let’s be honest, I’m pretty sure if there was a battle, I could take him. Not that Alpha Anders would ever let me fight him.”
My friend looks at me as he turns down the long, winding road to my house, “I’m just saying, you will most likely be attached to his hip at some point, best not to make him public enemy #1 before that. He will find a way to make your life miserable.” He has a point. When Rik becomes Alpha, if I haven’t found my mate, my role as his guardian will officially begin. Then I could be stuck with the Playboy Alpha and all of his entourage for who knows how long. I don’t even want to think about what I might have to see or hear to spend that kind of time with him. UGH!
“Ok, Jason, you're right. If he approaches me again, I'll be nice.” My best friend gives me a look that says he doesn’t believe me. “What? I can play nice in the sandbox.”
Jason snorts and says, “Yeah, but only if it’s your sandbox and you have all the toys.” I shrug. “What's your point?”
He just shakes his head as he pulls up and drops me at my house. “See you tomorrow.” I wave goodbye and head inside to get ready for afternoon training with my dad. 
###Chapter 5
I don’t know every member of my pack? Meaning she’s part of my pack? No way! My father has drilled it into my head since I was a pup. ‘Know every member of your pack by name. They are what makes the pack strong. Show them how much you value them as a pack member and they will always be loyal to you.’
My head is full of these thoughts as I turn and head out to my car. Who the hell could she be? And I didn’t realize it at the time, but she never submitted to me. If she’s a pack member, she should have submitted to me like Jason did. So why didn’t that she- wolf submit to me? And, fuck, I didn’t even get her name. I’m so absorbed in my thoughts that I almost run into Chase.
“Hey Rik, did you catch her?” I look at him and frown.
“Huh?”
He looks at me quizzically, “The brunette from earlier? Did you get her name and what pack she belongs to?” I look at my friend over the top of my car, ignoring his question. “Did you recognize her?”
He frowns at me as he slides into the passenger seat of the car, “No, I only saw her from the back, why?”
I start the car as I reply, “She implied that she’s part of our pack”, I answer as I look at him.
“So, what's the problem?” he asks me.
“The problem” I reply through gritted teeth, “is that I didn’t recognize her. How can she be part of our pack if I didn’t recognize her?” I look at him as I roll to a stop at a red light.
I see the surprise and frustration I’m feeling mirrored in my future Beta’s face. “What do you mean you didn’t recognize her? You know everyone in the pack. Hell, I know everyone in the pack. You’ve made sure of it.”
The light turns green and I return my attention to the road as I pull through the intersection, “Exactly! How is this possible?” “I know it’s a long shot, but do you think she was lying?” Chase asks. I look at him like he’s lost his mind.
“I know it sounds crazy, but there are she-wolves out there that are saving themselves for their mate and maybe she was worried about offending you, so she lied.” It’s a thought, until I factor Jason into the equation.
“She's friends with Jason.” “Jason Elcove?” “Yep. They are apparently friends.”
“But she’s obviously never been to training”, he states it as a fact. He and I run afternoon training sessions, so we would know if she attended training.
I drum my fingers on the wheel as I contemplate that I may possibly not know everyone in my pack. Impossible. I’ve been to every event, every gathering, I provide afternoon training to the pack warriors, hell, I make sure to have at least one meal a day in the packhouse dining room . And I have never, not once, not ever, seen that girl.
I wouldn't have forgotten her, not with that hair and definitely not with those eyes. Those piercing eyes that were almost as startling as that electric shock I got when our hands touched. What was that? I'd say it was the mate bond, but I’m not old enough to feel that yet, and by my estimation, neither is she. So what was it?
“So, ask Jason who she is this afternoon during training.” Chase suggests.
I give him my ‘are you fucking kidding me’ look. “First and foremost, I’m an alpha. I don’t chase pussy, it comes to me. Second, I don’t need to ask a warrior about a she-wolf. I'll figure it out myself.”
Chase shrugs, “Ok, but I’ll keep a lookout. And If you get a chance tomorrow, point her out again so I can see her face. Maybe I'll recognize her.”
I look at my lifelong friend, “Thanks man, I appreciate it.” I reach out my fist and we fist bump.
“Hey, I got your back. Always. Now let's go kick some warrior ass.”
After training, I head back up to my room to shower before heading back down to the dining room. On my way back down, I run into my mother.
“Rik, how was your day honey?”
I lean down to give my mother a kiss, as she’s only 5’6”. “Good mom. I’m headed down to dinner.” She places her hand on my cheek to hold me in place as I move to walk past her.
“I'm going to Lily’s memorial to lay fresh flowers tonight. Will you be joining me again since your dad will be having dinner with Mr. Nelson?”
She asks as if it’s a question. As if I haven't joined her every week for the past 13 years to lay fresh flowers on Mrs. Nelson’s memorial. It’s our thing, since my father refuses to let me go with him to see Mr. Nelson, saying that it’s “their time”. I get it, but I'd still like to show my respect to the man that gave so much for my family. I’d also like to meet his daughter. I realize she takes care of him, and is most likely his primary caretaker since Mrs. Nelson passed on and they only had the one child. But she will be one of my pack members when I take over as Alpha and I want her to know that the respect that has been shown by my mother and father is also mirrored in me, that she will always have whatever she needs from the pack. I will make sure of it. It’s a debt that can never be repaid but I plan to make sure that the Nelsons never lack for anything.
I look at my mother, “You ask that as if it’s really a question and I might say no.” I raise my eyebrow at her. She laughs and pats my arm, “You are so much like your father. Go eat and then we'll head out.” I wrap my arms around her and give her a proper hug. “Ok mom, see you in a bit.”
I head down to the dining room. A huge buffet of food is lined up on one wall. I grab a plate and look around, trying to see if the little brunette is here. I’m not surprised, but I am disappointed when I don’t see her. I see some of our warriors having dinner and I head over to join them. 
###Chapter 6
When I arrive home, my father is ready for me. I think when I’m at school, he sets up the training for the evening. He has a variety of training sprints that he puts me through. He mixes it up every day and I never know what it will be. Sometimes, it’s focusing on balance in case I lose the use of a leg or arm in battle and have to fight with a broken or injured limb; sometimes it’s sensory deprivation, in case I have to rely on my sight or sound only. He’s even taken both of those away and had me fight with only my sense of touch, taste and instincts. That was miserable. I got knocked down more that day than any other. Bult, it’s all good training and makes me the best and strongest fighter that I can be.
“Hey dad.” I state as I walk over to the table and drop off my backpack before leaning over and kissing his cheek. “Hi honey, how was your day?”
“Good. Classes are getting harder as we head into the end of the year, but it’s all good.”
“Still getting straight A's?” he asks. My studies are just as important as my fighting skills.
“You can’t just rely on the muscles in your arms and legs Cara, you have to use the muscle that’s in your head as well.’ He’s made sure that I focus my studies on anatomy, physiology and chemistry. The latter is so, if I’m ever poisoned, I can identify the poison and find what I need to heal myself.
Some of my training over the years has been to have my father give me poison so I can see what happens to my body and how I react. He is always very careful to ensure that he has the correct antidote and the pack doctor on alert and ready on speed dial in case something goes wrong.
While I don’t love those training days, and usually feel like crap the rest of the evening, sometimes longer, it is helpful and my father is always very careful. I’ve also been developing an immunity to wolfsbane for years. My tolerance is pretty high, I’m nearly immune now and dad continues to give me doses every day. My werewolf healing burns it out of my system more quickly the more I become used to it.
Today’s training session is agility. He’s got me set up in an indoor course to complete in my human form. There is another one outside to complete in my human or wolf form. I have to find ways around the obstacles and “mines” that he lays for me. It’s not just a test of my agility but also of my concentration and use of all of my senses to ensure that I’m quick but also cognizant of my surroundings at all times.
Today’s training includes flying logs to knock me off my feet and attempt to incapacitate me, slippery and sharp hand and foot holds that are meant to make me fall so I have to ensure that I can find alternate ways to move forward even if I’m injured. For my wolf form, there are spaces that could trap me, flying knives that I have to dodge or push through the pain if I don’t dodge fast enough and traps that drop from no where to try and capture me.
Dad and his wolf, Donovan, give both Artemis and I pointers and tricks as we go through our training. Artemis and I are worn out after training, as usual.
“Head up and shower before Alpha Anders gets here, and I'll get started on dinner.” Dad finally releases us from training and I head up to shower. I stand under the hot water letting it work on my sore muscles.
‘We're getting stronger every day,’ Artemis says to me.
I smile, ‘Yeah we are, as evidenced by what happened yesterday.’ If a wolf could smile, Artemis would definitely be smiling right now. I know it’s our legacy to be a Guardian, and my mom and dad gave me great genetics to get where I am today, but yeah, we totally kicked ass.
I hear the doorbell ring as I finish getting ready, putting on jeans and a comfy sweatshirt, pulling my hair up into a messy ponytail. Alpha Anders is like an uncle to me. Our dinners together became casual a long time ago.
I skip down the stairs of our house and go to open the door. “Hi Anders.” He told me years ago that when he is here for dinner, that I don’t need to use his title. After several reminders and getting my father’s approval, I finally acquiesced.
I step back and let him in. “Dad’s out back getting the grill going. Can I get you a beer?” “Thanks Little Badass, I'd love one.” I roll my eyes, “Not you too!” I whine to my Alpha. He just smiles saying, “If the name fits...” Yeah, yeah.
“I'll go join your dad and see if he needs any help.” He smirks at me when he says this. We both know my dad won't let him do any of the work, but this is part of their weekly banter.
I grab a beer from the fridge, check to see if my dad needs one too and grab a second one for him. I pop the tops and take them out to our deck. Dad and Alpha Anders are discussing my training over the past week, Dad giving him the updates that he made for my training today. Alpha Anders looks at me and then asks my dad, “Did Cara tell you she has a new nickname?”
My dad looks at me and I roll my eyes so far back in my head that I’m pretty sure I see my brain. “Well?” my dad looks at me expectantly. “Apparently, my new nickname is Little Badass.”
My dad’s beer stops on its way to his mouth and he looks at Alpha Anders. “Is that so?” he asks. He turns his gaze back to me. “And what exactly did you do to get that name?”
“Weeeeeeell,” I drag out the word giving Alpha Anders a side eye glance.
“She pinned me in 15 minutes,” Alpha Anders answers for me. A smile larger than any I’ve ever seen on my father’s face spreads wide and he looks at me with pride in his eyes.
“Apparently, the apple didn’t fall too far from the tree.” Alpha Anders continues. My dad takes a swig of his beer. “That’s my girl,” he says quietly.
Alpha Anders looks at my father seriously. “Clint, I’ll say it again, we really need you at warrior training. I’m willing to beg if that’s what it takes.”
Dad huffs out a breath, “Anders, you know I can’t.” I smile and head back inside. This is a battle that has been going on for years. Alpha Anders wants dad back on the training field and dad feels he won’t bring enough to the pack.
For dinner, I am in charge of the vegetables. Dad put potatoes in the oven while I was showering, so I check those and start on my roasted brussel sprouts with bacon and a maple glaze. I’m pulling the potatoes out of the oven and putting the vegetables into a serving bowl when Dad and Anders come back in. I finish putting everything on the table, getting another beer for both men and we all sit down to eat.
Conversation is easy between Dad and Alpha Anders. They reminisce about old days, talk about pack issues, current warriors and techniques to teach and train younger members. Dad always asks about Luna Calista and Rik, and Anders always makes a point to ask me about my day, my life and what is going on with me. I don’t mention my recent interactions with his son, better that he doesn’t know that I’m not Rik’s biggest fan.
When dinner is over, I pull out the dessert that Anders brought. “Cali made her famous brownies for us today,” Anders tells us. I set them on the table and moan softly as the taste of chocolate fills my mouth. Luna Calista makes a mean brownie! The table gets quiet as we all enjoy the dessert and Dad asks Anders to thank Luna Calista for us.
When we're done, I clear the dishes and wash up before excusing myself. Before I can give dad a kiss, Alpha Anders hands me an envelope. “This, I believe, is an invitation from my wife for you to attend Rik’s 18th birthday party next weekend. To say that she will be disappointed if you don’t attend would be an understatement.” Ugh.
I look at the envelope and open it. Yep, it’s an invitation for one week from this Saturday to attend the big event. I plaster a fake smile on my face and look at my alpha, “I’d love to attend.” He smirks at me while dad laughs outright. “Don't look so glum honey, I’m sure you will have a good time.”
Alpha Anders looks at my dad and smiles. “I’m so glad to hear you say that Clint, because I have a special invitation for you to my son’s party. And I will take it personally if you do not attend.”
My father’s laughter dies out instantly and he glares at Alpha Anders. I snicker and look at my dad, “Well, I guess you get to be my plus one dad.”
I say goodnight to Dad and Alpha Anders and head up to start on my homework. They talk late into the evening, and I’m already in bed when I hear them saying goodbye and Anders telling Dad that he’ll see him next week. 
###Chapter 7
Mom and I arrive at the memorial for Lily Nelson. It’s not the only one here, we memorialize all of our warriors and pack members that give their lives for the pack. However, Lily’s is the largest. Mom had them create a stone statue of a woman with angel wings keeping watch over her wolfpack.
Each week, we bring several different types of flowers and plants to the memorial site. This week we have some poinsettias, winter jasmine, winter aconite and snowdrops. As always, mom walks up to the statue and places her hand on the joined hands of the statue and quietly says, “Thank you Lily for your sacrifice. I told you I’d never forget and I never will.”
We begin quietly working around the area, removing snow, pulling out the plants that are dead or dying and replacing them with the new ones that we’ve brought.
“Mom, have you ever met the Nelson’s daughter?” I ask. “Cara? Sure honey, haven't you?” I look over at her and shake my head, “I don’t think so. I know I’ve never been introduced to her. What's she like?”
My mom continues her work as she answers my question. “She’s a sweet girl, quiet, and smart.” She stops and looks up at the statue, “She looks like her mother, but has her father’s eyes. Lily was a strong and beautiful woman.” A soft smile plays on her lips, her eyes seeing a distant memory. “She didn’t take crap from anyone, including your father.”
I stop and look at her, “What” This was news to me.
Mom chuckles as she resumes her work. “I remember this one day, your father needed some warriors to go with him to another pack that was making threats to ours. He planned to give the pack one last chance to change their mind about going to war by reminding them of the strength of our warriors. Lily was pregnant with Cara at the time and so your father thought it best if she remained behind.” She starts laughing and presses her hand to her stomach as she continues, “She told your father that being pregnant didn’t make her any less of a Guardian and if he thought that he would be leaving her behind when they were giving a show of strength, then he had another thing coming. He tried to give her his alpha command which didn’t work, so she challenged your father to a battle, saying that if he won, she’d stay but if she won, he’d stop this and let her go.”
My mom had started staring off into space again, lost in the memory. I interrupted her silence, “So, I’m guessing that he didn’t win?”
My mom started laughing again, “Didn’t win? Lily had your dad pinned in under 15 minutes. I’d never seen anything like it, before or since. Your father was so strong and sure of himself that he couldn’t believe it. Clint just sat back proudly and watched his wife take your father down like it was nothing. So, they went to the other pack, Lily included, showing that we not only had a strong alpha, but also two Guardians at full strength, and the other pack’s alpha backed down.
When they got back, your father assigned her to me and later to me and you as our Guardians.” “What happened to the other pack?,” I asked.
“The alpha was greedy but not smart and definitely not as strong as he thought he was. Soon thereafter, he challenged Alpha Leander knowing that the pack didn’t have any Guardians and thought that made them weak. Alpha Leander won, the othr Alpha was killed and the pack and lands were absorbed by the Shadow Falls Pack.”
I look at my mother. How had I never heard this story before? “Wait, Alpha Liam’s father defeated the alpha of the pack that wanted to attack us? Why didn’t dad just fight him and take over the pack?”
“You're father didn’t want a war, as I was pregnant with you at the time. He was afraid that something might happen to me, you, or both of us and it was not a risk that he was willing to take, and he didn’t need to. At the time, our pack was the largest and strongest in the country. That war with the Shadow Falls pack and the subsequent absorption of the warring pack is what allowed Shadow Falls to become the largest in the country, but we’ve remained the strongest. They paid a heavy price though. That was when they lost Leander’s mate and Liam's mother, Luna Estella. He was only 6 years old at the time. Leander was never the same after he lost his mate. He held on as long as he could, but when Liam turned 16, he finally gave up and let the Goddess take him.”
“Liam has had a hard road and took over as Alpha at a very young age. It’s a lot for a young man to take on, but he has handled himself and his pack very well. Your father offered to mentor him and he was and is agreeable. It’s why we have such a strong alliance with them even today.”
I couldn't imagine being the Alpha of my pack for two years already. My life has been relatively easy compared to Alpha Liam’s. I'd never given much thought to when he became alpha. I remember hearing of his father’s passing and him taking over as alpha, but I was only 10 years old then and didn’t think much of it. Now, I couldn’t imagine taking over my pack while mourning the loss of my father, having already lost my mother.
I mull all this over while we walk back to the packhouse. When we return, mom asks me to join her in her office. This is not good, since that is where I get all my ‘talks’.
We enter her office and she goes to the side board and pours us both a glass of wine. “Have a seat son.” I take a sip of wine and look at my mother. “Have I done something to upset you mother?” I ask.
Instead of sitting, she stands at her window overlooking the back of the packhouse and the surrounding forest. “I know about the girls Rik,” she states but still doesn’t look at me.
Shit! I thought I was being careful, how did she know?
Before I can come up with a response, she turns to look at me. “Surprised? I am the Luna of this pack. What kind of Luna would I be if I didn’t even know what was going on right under my nose?”
Asmile briefly touches her lips before it’s gone again. “Honey, you're going to be the Alpha of this pack soon. Hopefully, on your birthday, you'll find your mate and you can finally settle down. But, as a woman, I can tell you that you are setting yourself and your mate up for a rough road if you continue to have a rotating door of females from this pack in your bed. Take it from me, the role of Luna is hard enough without having to deal with jealous, spiteful females in your pack trying to find ways to make you look or feel inadequate. I understand you are a young alpha male, but if you’re going to continue with this, at least consider females from outside the pack, so your future Luna doesn’t have to see your previous lovers daily or worse, hear all about your time with them.”
This had to be the most uncomfortable conversation I’ve ever had. I look at my mom, a woman who is kind, loving, gracious and fiercely protective and loyal to her pack. She is everything a Luna should be and exactly what I hope my mate is.
I reply the only way I can. “I hear you mother, and I understand what you are saying. You are right, as always. I want my mate to be happy here and I certainly do not want us starting our life together with any misunderstandings or concern for my previous behavior.”
She smiles at me as she walks over to give me a hug. “I love you, my sweet boy. And yes, you will always be my sweet boy.” I smile and hug her back. “I love you too mom.”
Before she lets me go, she has one more parting comment for me. “And please, as much as I want grandbabies, I want them when the time is right, not with some passing fling. Keep it wrapped up.”
“Mom,” I reply, letting all my uncomfortable irritation from this conversation enter my tone, “you didn’t raise me to be a dummy. And might I remind you that I’m almost an adult, I know how to wear a condom and do, every time.”
Mom pulls back slightly and looks at me, “Ok honey. Sleep well.”
“You too mom.” I make my escape before she can say anything else to make me uncomfortable. 
###Chapter 8
The next morning at training, Alpha Anders put me up against three of his warriors. I wasn’t concerned, Dad has been training me for multiple attackers most of my life. Two of them will be easy to take down. Trevor, however, will take some work. Next to me and the ranked wolves, he’s their best warrior. He’s smart in his fighting, not just relying on his strength which is the mistake that most warriors make with me. Trevor watches his opponent and learns their weaknesses. He’s still trying to find mine, but that hasn't slowed him down one bit.
I wait until they are in position, putting me in the middle of a triangle between them. I face Trevor, my biggest threat, while keeping the other two in my peripheral vision. Trevor comes in first swinging to punch me in the gut. I quickly duck under his right arm, sliding down to my knees and skidding over to Richard, or The Dick, as I call him. I swing my arm as hard as I can up between his legs and crush his family jewels, bringing him down and taking him out. I hear and feel the air whooshing near my head and I lay back flat on my back, bent at the knees so my feet are still planted on the ground. I see Kent's leg flying over where my head just was. As his body turns with the momentum, I swing my feet up, catching the leg he has planted. I twist my body, pulling Kent down and dislocating his knee in the process. He howls in pain, rolling around on the ground.
I swing myself back up, ready for Trevor. He’s watching me, calculating. I give him a smirk, waving him forward with my fingers. He fakes like he’s going to hit me and then slides, trying to take out my legs. I leap over him, swinging back around to give him a roundhouse to the head, but he ducks, using the move that I just did with Kent. Clever bastard.
We go back and forth, both getting in jabs but not able to take the other one down until I was finally able to throw a punch to his throat. In his moment of shock, I was able to grab his arm and twist it, just to the point before dislocation, bringing him to his knees and forcing him to tap out or have me dislocate his shoulder. The rest of the squad is watching, clapping for my win. I give Trevor my hand and pull him up. “Nice job little badass, but I’m coming for you.” he smirks before helping to get the other two to the infirmary. I smile back, “I look forward to a real challenge one day Trevor.” He barks out a laugh before helping to carry Kent. I look at Alpha Anders and he gives me a nod of approval.
The school day goes by in a blur. I caught Rik looking at me several times throughout the day, but was able to avoid running into him. Of course, his ever present entourage helped out with that as well.
On our way home, Jason starts chatting about our night at the Club. Friday nights are our night. The end of the week we go toa local club, Dark Moon. It’s in between the packlands for Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls, therefore, it’s werewolves only. I’ve been going since I turned 17 almost a year ago. It’s a great way to blow off the steam of the week. It’s also become the place that I meet up with Alpha Liam.
We haven't put a name to what we are. We're definitely friends, but more than that. He knows that I am waiting for my mate, so we're not exactly friends with benefits, but he respects my choice and doesn’t pressure me for a sexual relationship. He’s older than I am by quite a few years, him being 24 and me only 17. But, unlike a certain future alpha of my pack, Liam knows who and what I am. He appreciates me for who I am and has left no question that he would be more than willing to take me as his chosen mate. He is also aware that at my age, I haven't been able to potentially find my fated mate, so he is being patient and I think he’s secretly hoping that we're fated mates. In truth, I am too. I like Liam a lot. He’s everything an alpha should be. Besides being one of the sexiest men I’ve ever met, he is intelligent, caring, and he’s a strong alpha that takes good care of his pack. It doesn’t hurt that he’s got the sexiest smolder that I've ever seen, and I’d be lying if I didn’t say my lady parts get all hot and bothered when he turns that look on me.
After training with Dad, I quickly grab a bite to eat then head upstairs to shower and get ready. A friend of mine from warrior training, Lacey, calls to make sure I’m going tonight and to see if she can hitch a ride. I tell her it’s Jason's turn to drive and she agrees to text him.
I dress in a pink criss cross top that wraps around my rib cage and ties in the back. I pair that with low rise black jeans and a matching pink scarf that I use as a belt. I finish the outfit with pink and black colorblock cutout suede stiletto heels. I leave my hair down and accentuate my natural curls. I go light on makeup since I plan to work up a sweat, but I do put on a smokey eye to make my green eyes pop.
I head downstairs as I get a text from Jason that he’s out front. I say goodnight to my father and head out. Jason has already picked up Lacey and another warrior from training, Dean. I climb in the back with Lacey. “Hey guys,” I acknowledge all of them at once.
“Hey little badass. Take down any more alphas in the last 24 hours?” Dean asks with a stupid smirk on his face. “Not in the last 24 hours, but the night is young Dean,” I reply.
“So,” Lacey looks at me, “expecting to see a super hot alpha tonight?” I shrug. While, yes, I do expect him, he is an alpha and he has things that are more important than coming to a club on a Friday night and dancing with me. Although, lately, he’s also started driving me home, but again, he’s a busy man, so I don’t count on him being there, although I do hope I see him.
“I never know for sure,” I tell her, “but, if I was to put money on it, I'd say yes, I expect to see him.” I smile at her.
“Girl, that man is fine. You need to tap that and tell me all about it.” I just laugh. I see Jason looking at me in the rearview mirror. I'm not really close to anyone except for Jason, so most people don’t know that I’m saving myself for my mate.
We arrive at the club and see a long line of people waiting. Jason and I are regulars so we walk up to the front of the line and the bouncer lets us in, much to the grumbles and complaints of the others who are waiting. “Looking good little badass,” the bouncer says as I walk past him. I stop and turn to him. “Seriously? You too?” He just shrugs and gives me a smile. I sigh and walk into the club.
In werewolf clubs, there is no drinking age. We are different from humans. Our metabolism is much faster, so we burn alcohol quickly and it takes a lot for us to get drunk. We head straight for the bar and order a round of shots. I’m not a beer drinker and I'm here to dance so a shot will get me going.
We get our shots and I pay for the first round. Jason orders another round while I look around. It’s crowded here tonight and I see a bunch of wolves from both local packs and some I don’t recognize. I see several girls from school and I’m just about to turn around for my second shot when I lock eyes with Alpha Rik.
“Son of a bitch,” I swear as I turn around, pick up my shot and clink my glass to Jason’s, Lacey's and Dean’s before downing the drink. The burning warmth slides down my throat to my stomach.
Jason looks at me, “What? Who's here that you don’t want to see?” He’s looking over my shoulder trying to figure out who I’m not happy about seeing here tonight.
“You're seven o'clock.” He twists his head to his left looking in the direction I’ve given and whistles low and looks back at me. “You think he’ll come over here?” I shrug and take the shot that Lacey just got for us, “Don’t care, I’m about to head out to the dance floor.” I lean over to shout above the music so Lacey and Dean can hear. “I’m going to dance, anyone coming?” Jason says he'll join us in a minute and Lacey grabs my hand and pulls us into the center of the dance floor. I can feel ice blue eyes on me as I begin to dance.
I close my eyes and let the music wash over me, as my body starts moving to the beat. Most of the people around me are warriors from my pack, so I know they won't try to hit on me. I can lose myself and not have to worry about anything. Plus, every one who spends any time in this club on Friday nights knows that eventually, Liam will be here looking for me.
Lacey leans over to talk above the music, “Alpha Rik hasn’t taken his eyes off of you since we walked out here, what’s up with that?” she asks. I shrug, because I honestly don’t know. I lean over to her to reply, “He sort of hit on me yesterday at school.” She leans back and looks at me, her eyes wide but I motion for her to lean back in. “He has no idea who I am.” She stops dancing and looks at me. “No. Fucking. Way.” I shrug and lean in again, “He asked me what my name is and what pack I belong to.” Her mouth drops almost to the floor. “How is that possible?” Her head is doing a swivel going back and forth between him and I. “EVERYONE knows who you are.” I shrug again. “I guess I’m just not important enough for the future alpha to know.” She looks back at Rik once more then at me, “Well, now I'm Team Liam all the way.” I smile back at her. “That makes two of us.”
For the next several songs we just move and dance, no more talking. Periodically, we dance with other warriors, sometimes. breaking off in twos sometimes dancing as a large group. As the first slow song of the night starts, I motion to Lacey that I’m going for another shot. She nods and follows me to the bar. 
###Chapter 9
All day at school I watched her. I attempted to approach her several times, but each time, I was either waylaid by one of the girls going dancing tonight or when I got to where she had been, she was gone. I’ve never been so aggravated about having girls hanging on me before. I wanted to know who my mystery girl was and it was really starting to piss me off that I couldn’t get to her.
By the time I got home, I was in a piss-poor mood and I took it out on the guys in training. They were all limping and grumbling when training was done. I didn’t care, I was still ina bad mood. I didn’t have any interest in going to a club tonight, but Chase was adamant that we were going. I guess he’d found some red-head that he was hoping to bring home tonight. I really wasn’t interested. I couldn’t seem to get a green-eyed brunette out of my mind. Kai had been quiet in my head, but he was just as irritated that I wasn’t able to talk to her.
I got ready in a pair of jeans and a tight fitting black shirt, and Chase and I headed out. We got to the club and the bouncer let us in ahead of the line that was already forming. Walking in, the music was thumping. The place was already packed. Chase and I headed to the bar. Before we even got there, we were surrounded by girls. Chase bought a round of drinks and we moved to a place on the wall where I could watch the dance floor and pretend to be interested in whatever the girls were saying to me.
Chase was flirting with the girl he planned to take home tonight and some other girl, I think her name was Natasha, was rubbing herself on me like a dog in heat. Another girl had one hand rubbing my ass while the other was stroking Natasha’s arm. I guess this was my invitation to a menage. It wouldn’t be my first, but I wasn’t interested tonight. I was about to push them off me and head back to the packhouse when I saw her. She was here. She was hanging out with three of my warriors, Jason included. It didn’t look like they were together, but I couldn’t be sure.
I watched as her eyes traveled the room, taking it in, until they landed on me and stopped. That electrical frisson was there again. She averted her gaze and grabbed a shot before talking to Jason.
Kai stood up in my head and grumbled watching their interaction. ‘Easy Kai, they are acting like friends, not lovers.’ He continued grumbling stating, ‘I don’t like it.’ It was then that Jason turned his head and looked at me. So, they were talking about me. I smiled. I liked that she was talking about me, it meant, at some level, I was in her head.
Natasha took my smile as approval for her hand running down my chest and she proceeded to attempt to slide it under my shirt. I grabbed it before she could and without looking at her, pushed her hand back to her side. She didn’t seem phased and just leaned into me more. While I’d normally be all in, tonight it just feels desperate.
I watched as my mystery girl went out to the dance floor with Lacey. She immediately began swaying her hips to the music. Damn, that girl is hot. I felt my dick getting hard watching her and Kai started pacing in my head. He didn’t like her surrounded by guys while she was wearing that hot as fuck outfit and swinging her hips for everyone to see.
As I watched, Lacey leaned in and said something to her. She replied and Lacey looked shocked before looking at me. What the fuck? What was that look? Lacey looked...disappointed. In me. Now I’m seriously getting pissed and I’m about to head out to the dance floor when I see her head off in the direction of the bar where Jason and Dean are still standing.
“Excuse me ladies,” I say as I push my way through the throng of females. Chase sees me and pushes himself to my side. “Everything ok?”
I look at my friend, “I don’t know, but I intend to find out.” Chase smiles at me, “Need a wingman?” I start walking away, “I’m good,” I toss over my shoulder as I move toward her.
I'm stopped every couple of steps by girls that want my attention. I smile and gently push them out of my way, but it’s taking me too long and the slow song ends before I can get to the bar where she is doing another shot. She starts walking back out to the dance floor when the DJ announces, “This is for Canyon Ridge’s own Little Badass.” My pack members go crazy, my warriors in particular. I see my girl stop, shake her head and look at the DJ as Who Runs the World by Beyonce starts playing. She smiles and blows a kiss at the DJ before lifting her hands above her head and joining a bunch of other girls in the center of the dance floor.
She obviously knows the song, along with every other girl on the dance floor. They are singing the song to each other, sassing the guys out there watching them, following some of the moves from the video. I lean back against the bar, ordering another beer. As I’m watching, Alpha Liam comes to stand next to me, ordering his own beer. “She’s something, isn’t she?”
The fuck?! Even Liam knows her?
“Yeah, she is,” I answer because I don’t want anyone to know that I have no clue who she is while everyone else seems to know exactly who she is. When the tempo picks up and the staccato starts, she starts shaking her ass back and forth so fast it makes my dick instantly stand at attention. I'd love to have her riding my cock like that. Fuck, I need to get myself back under control.
Liam gets his beer and takes a swig, still watching my girl. My girl? When did I even start thinking of her that way? But Kai purrs his agreement in my head.
The girls have taken over the dance floor, lip syncing to the guys surrounding them. When the song ends, the girls howl their dominance as the guys blend back in. As I’m watching, my mystery girl sees me. Wait, no. She sees Liam, and WINKS at him.
What. The. Actual. Fuck?
“You're a lucky man to have someone like her in your pack.” Liam says to me without taking his eyes off of her. “But, if I’m being honest, I have every intention of stealing her away as soon as I can.” He looks at me as he says the last part. He’s dead serious.
Kai snarls in my head, telling me that I need to stake my claim on her.
‘Kai, chill out. She’s not ours, and he hasn’t convinced her to leave. We don’t even know if she’s our mate.’ I force him farther back into my head so I can focus on my conversation with Liam. Liam is an intelligent alpha. If he wants her there is a reason beyond her being beautiful. Maybe I can get more information from him to figure out who she is.
“Good luck with that. I haven't lost a warrior to another pack yet,” I say, hoping that I will get something more from him. He stops with his beer bottle on his way to his mouth and turns his full attention to me. “You have no idea who she is, do you?” Shit! Fake it ‘til you make it. “Of course I do. She’s a warrior in my pack.” I say, shrugging as if it’s obvious.
Asmile that promises nothing good for me spreads across his face. “Right. Well, maybe there is hope for me afterall.” He puts his beer bottle on the counter and turns back to the dance floor as a slow song starts. “And that’s my queue. See you around.”
I watch as he moves out to the dance floor. My brunette locks eyes with him, and the smile she gives me takes my breath away. I want her to smile at me that way. I want her to look at me the way she’s looking at Liam, like he’s the only man in the room.
I watch as she slides her arms around his neck and he puts his hands on her waist, sliding them over her ass, pulling her closer to him as he nuzzles her neck with his nose. Kai is prowling and snarling in my head, giving me a headache. Chase walks up with his arm around his girl du jour, and follows my line of sight.
“That her? With Alpha Liam?” He asks.
“Yeah, apparently, she and Liam are close.” I snarl in return. Chase gives me a questioning look and I just shake my head. I’m in no mood to talk about it, especially since I really have no idea what is going on with me and Kai.
They dance for several songs but continue slow dancing even when the music goes back to a faster pace. I can see them talking and flirting with each other, her hands in his hair, his nose sliding up and down her neck and it’s everything I can do not to growl so loud that I shake the foundation of this club. Eventually, he takes her hand and leads her off the dance floor.
I watch as he starts to lead her out of the club. She’s leaving with him.
I start to follow after them, having no idea what I plan to do, when several of my warriors come up to me.
Trevor, one of my best warriors, gets in my personal space. I am so NOT in the mood for this shit right now. Kai comes forward and I know my eyes have darkened to sapphires.
“What the fuck Alpha?” Trevor says, and the others are nodding their heads. Chase pushes his girl away and steps up beside me, ready to take on a fight if that’s what this is.
“What the fuck Trevor. You want to explain yourself before I remind you of your place?” Chase says to him.
Dean, one of the guys I saw with my girl earlier steps up. “You really don’t know who Cara Nelson is?” he asks.
I look at him as if he’s lost his mind. “Of course I know who Cara Nelson is. EVERYONE knows who Cara Nelson is.” I say taking a step forward and getting in his personal space.
Another warrior speaks up, “Then why did she tell Lacey that you have no idea who she is?” and they all look at me expectantly. “I have no idea.” “So you didn’t ask her what her name was and what pack she’s from while hitting on her?” Trevor pushes.
I stare at them. No. No, no, no. This can’t be happening. “I’ve never actually met Cara Nelson, what does she look like?” I ask with a really bad feeling in my gut.
Trevor looks at me, “She’s the one that just left with Alpha Liam.”
I feel my world tilt on its axis. Please tell me this isn’t happening. My mystery girl, the one that didn’t submit to me, the one that I completely insulted by not knowing who she was.
She’s the Broken Warrior’s daughter. My Guardian. 
###Chapter 10
When I saw Alpha Rik heading toward the bar where I was standing, I immediately moved to go back to the dance floor. Right about that time, the DJ announced the dedication of Who Runs the World to me. All the warriors in my pack begin to cheer. Bastards! I know they did this on purpose to try and embarrass me. Joke’s on them, I’m totally going to own it along with all the other female warriors. Lacey and I take the lead and rock the song. More and more girls join us and it’s total attitude until the song is done. Then, like the rock stars we are, we howl our dominance to our male counterparts.
When I look up, I see Liam smiling at me. Oh Goddess help me, that smolder. Good thing these jeans are dark because a line of heat just went straight south and now there’s most definitely a wet spot giving away my desire for that sexy man.
I dance through another couple of fast songs, knowing Liam is waiting for the next slow song. As soon as it starts, he heads my way. The dancers make a path for him and it’s like no one else is in the room. I’m locked onto those sage green eyes. His are a much lighter shade than my own, but there is so much intensity in them, that my heart starts to beat faster and there’s a flutter in my stomach.
As he walks up to me, I slide my arms around his neck as he slides his down to my ass, pulling me closer and sniffing my neck. His mouth slides up to my ear and he whispers, “Hello beautiful, still saving yourself for me?” I can’t help the purr that escapes before I reel it in and give him my standard response. “You know I’m saving myself for my mate.”
He pulls back enough to look me in the eye. “Right, saving yourself for me, as I said.” I can’t help but laugh. Cocky Alpha.
He pulls me close again and I close my eyes and just enjoy the feel of being in his arms. His smell, his strength, his witty humor, his undeniable sex appeal, everything about him attracts me to him.
As we dance, he continues talking softly in my ear, “You look hot as fuck baby, did you wear this for me?” I lean back to look him in the eye, giving him my best smirk. “Maybe.”
Asoft growl rumbles in his chest and damn, my little thong can’t keep up with the river of warm wetness this man is causing to flow. He smiles and I know he can feel my nipples harden against the vibration in his chest. Leaning in, he rubs his nose against mine, “Someone seems to like the sound of my growl.”
“Perhaps.” I reply as I slide my fingers into the back of his sandy blond hair, hair that is also a few shades lighter than my own. He keeps it short because it’s curly and becomes unruly when he lets it grow long. I love the thickness of his hair, even short, and I gently scratch my nails on his scalp.
We're still swaying back and forth, not paying attention to the music at all, just lost in each other. I can feel his hard length pressed against me as we dance. “I love the way you smell, but if you keep perfuming the air with your arousal, baby, I’m going to have to get you out of here. No one but me gets to smell that.” I chuckle as I lean up to whisper in his ear, “Well then, perhaps you should stop doing things that turn me on Alpha.” I intentionally call him Alpha instead of Liam because I know it will get another growl out of him and I’m not disappointed. This one is stronger and much more possessive.
It's a tight rope that I walk with Liam. I don’t want to tease him into thinking he'll get something from me that I’m not willing to give, but I also feel fairly confident that he will be my mate. And, he knows how I feel about waiting for my mate. Is he waiting for me? I don’t ask and we don’t discuss it. But, he’s a 24 year old Alpha male. I’d be foolish to think that he is waiting to make sure that I'm his mate. But I also know that if I asked him to, he would. But that’s not fair. So basically, all this teasing is just a really long bout of foreplay.
The possessive growl has really got me turned on and the heady scent of my arousal gets even stronger. Liam pulls my hands off his neck and gives me a smile. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He says and he leads me off the dance floor and to the entrance of the club. I smile and wave goodbye to my friends as we head out.
Once outside, Liam puts his arm around me. “Are you cold baby?” Normally, werewolves can handle the cold, but in my human form, I can only take so much and it’s the dead of winter. “I am, a bit, but I’m ok until we get to the car.”
We get to his Ford Raptor and he opens the door and lifts me up into the passenger seat. He leans over the seat and I nuzzle my nose against his neck. His growl of pleasure vibrates against my nose and cheek and he pulls a jacket from the back and lays it over top of me. “Keep that up love and mate or no, you'll be in my bed tonight.” He looks at me for a minute to see if I’m willing to keep going, which I’m not, so he gives me a quick kiss on the lips and closes my door.
He jumps into the driver’s seat, turning the car on and the heat to max. He looks over at me, “Interested in getting a coffee? There’s an all night cafe not far from here.” I look at him and smile, “Absolutely!”
We get to the cafe and there are only a few other people here at this time of night. We get a booth by a window and Liam sits across from me. We order our coffee and Liam orders a steak and potatoes. I order a slice of apple pie, knowing Liam will help me eat that too.
When the waitress is gone, he reaches out and takes my hands in his, looking at me intently. “Tell me about your hopes and dreams Cara.”
Whoa! That got intense fast. I look at him and smile, feeling the need to deflect this conversation, I give a smart ass response. “Well Liam, I like romantic dinners and walks on the beach.” He rolls his eyes at me but I continue. “I also love a man that knows how to dance and appreciates a strong, intelligent woman.”
His answering smile could brighten a cloudy day. “Then apparently, I’m the man for you.” Our waitress returns with our coffee and he releases my hands. When she leaves us again, he is looking down at his hands, folded together as he softly beats them against the table. He nods his head as if he’s decided something, then looks up at me. “Look Cara, I know where you stand waiting for your mate, and I respect that. I want you to find your mate, and I hope to hell it’s me. But, I need you to know that if it isn’t me, I want to take you as my chosen mate.”
I reach back out to take his hands but before I can reply, he continues. “I know I’ve told you this before. But I need you to know that I’m serious. If I’m not your fated mate, and if you don’t find your fated mate, I really want you to consider taking me as your chosen mate. Hell, even if you find your fated mate and you can’t stand him, I’m here and I’m willing.
I can make you happy Cara. You can have everything you want. And unlike most women who want the prestige of being a Luna, I know you want respect, to continue your warrior training, and to be treated as an equal by the Alpha in the pack. I am not intimidated by your strength and ferocity. I find it incredibly sexy. I’m not saying I wouldn't want to protect you and our pups when we had them, but I also know that as a Guardian and a powerful warrior, I wouldn’t have to, that you could and would protect yourself and our pups. I would love you, put you first in my life, there would be no one for me but you. I know it’s a lot and you're still a couple months away from your birthday, but I need you to know that my feelings for you are real. That I want you in my life, for the rest of my life.”
I was overwhelmed by his declaration. “Liam I....” I didn’t know what to say. “I don’t expect you to say anything. I just want to lay it out there so you know how I feel.”
The waitress returns with Liam's food and my dessert. I watch as he starts cutting into his steak. “Liam, I care for you, very deeply. I hope, with all my heart, that you are my fated mate. But, if you are not, I will take what you have said tonight into consideration, I promise.”
His smile lights up the room once again. “That's all I ask Cara.”
I smile back, and take a bite of my apple pie. It’s delicious and without realizing what I'm doing, my eyes have closed, my head has tilted back slightly and I’m moaning softly as I chew the delicious taste of apples, cinnamon and pastry dough. When I open my eyes, I see that Liam is staring at me, his food stopped halfway to his mouth. His eyes have gone nearly black and I see his adam’s apple bob before he says, “Cara, I seriously hope that one day, I am the one causing you to make those sounds. And if I get that chance, I promise, that will just be the beginning. I won't stop until your throat is raw from screaming my name in pleasure and your body is sore from me taking you over and over until both of us are satisfied.”
I blush as he gives me a smirk and puts the steak into his mouth, watching me blush even more as I can only imagine what thoughts are causing that possessive, hungry look in his eyes.
After we finish eating, he drives me home. He gets out of the car and comes around to open my door. As I step out, his head whips toward the forest. I follow his line of sight but don’t see anything. “What is it?”
He shakes his head, squinting. “Nothing.”
He walks me to my door. I turn to look at him and he wraps his arms around me pulling me into his warmth. “Remember what I said tonight Cara. I meant every word.” He puts his hands on either side of my face and brings his lips to mine. It starts out as a gentle kiss, a promise of what could be. But it quickly turns into something much more passionate and before I know it, Aretmis has pushed forward and I’m drowning in him. His mouth is everywhere, claiming mine. His warm tongue skillfully slides into my mouth, tangling with mine, fighting for dominance. When he wins the battle, he takes his time exploring the rest of my mouth before finally letting me come up for air.
I'm panting and holding on to him as if he is my lifeline. And he is, because my knees are weak and I’d fall if his strong arms weren't holding me up. I look up into his eyes, that have gone dark again, showing that his wolf is forward. I know mine are also glowing gold from Artemis pushing forward.
Artemis purrs to Liam’s wolf, “Hello Cyran.” He growls in response. “Artemis.” Cyran’s voice is deeper and more gravelly than Liam's. ‘He has a sexy Alpha voice,’ Artemis says to me.
I pull her back and regain control, seeing that Liam is doing the same with Cyran. He leans his forehead against mine. “Baby, one day soon, I hope that we can continue this until both of us are satisfied. Until then, sweet dreams, and I hope they are of
me.
He pulls away from me and winks as he walks backward to his car. When he gets to the driver’s side, I blow him a kiss. He makes a catching grab with his hand and pulls it to his heart. Damn, talk about a man that can make a girl swoon. I wave and head inside as he pulls away.
In the distance, I hear a wolf howling into the night. 
###Chapter 11
I leave the club and head back to the packhouse. The entire way home, I try to think of a way to fix this. It never occurred to me that Cara Nelson was my mystery girl. In my mind, Cara was a shy, reclusive girl that spent all her time. looking after her father. Why hadn’t I put two and two together and realized that as a Guardian and a daughter of not one but two Guardians she would be one hell of a badass?! 
And how had I never noticed her before? She and I are the same age. We must have been in the same class our entire life and I’d only just noticed her a few days ago. Of course, she wasn’t one of the flock that was constantly surrounding me, seeking my favor, trying to get in my bed. No, she’d obviously saved her favors for Liam. And he’d happily accepted what she was willing to give him. 
Kai snarled in my head. ‘She ours, not his.‘ I was in total agreement. 
When we reached the packhouse, I didn’t even go inside. Instead I ran to the tree line and without waiting to strip, shifted into my wolf form. I let Kai take over and we headed to the Nelson’s home. I opened my mind–link and listened to my patrols. They only patrolled the periphery around Cara’s home, so I was clear. No one would see me. 
Their house was about 5 miles from the packhouse. I slow as I approach. I can smell her scent around the house. It looks like they have their own obstacle course, weird jungle gym looking thing and weight training area set up in the back of their house. There was another structure not far from the house and I wondered if that was an indoor training area. Well, this would explain why I’d never seen her at training. Her father was apparently training her. 
Kai stayed on the edge of the forest as I looked at the dark house. I listened in and only heard one heartbeat in the house. Cara wasn’t home yet. 
Kai began pacing, a low growl erupting from him periodically. ‘Kai, let’s not alert her father to our presence. Keep quiet or I’m going to shift back.‘ He grumbled at me, but kept quiet and laid down to wait. 
After a couple hours passed and she hadn’t returned, I began to wonder if she’d stayed the night with Liam at his pack. Would Mr. Nelson allow his underage daughter to stay with the Alpha of a neighboring pack? 
I started to settle in, ready to wait it out. I needed to see her. I needed to confirm that I had made the biggest mistake of my life, and then start planning how to fix it. Up ahead, we saw lights flash through the woods, coming down their long 
I watched as Liam’s truck pulled up in front of the house. Liam gets out of the car and walks around to open the passenger door. As soon as the door opens, I catch her scent, vanilla with a hint of lavender. It’s mouth watering and Kai stands up, growling softly. 
Liam’s head snaps in our direction and I force Kai to cut it off. ‘Dammit Kai, you almost gave us away.‘ He’s snarling in my head, much louder than usual because we are in our wolf form and he has more control in this form. 
I watch as Liam wraps his arms around her and tells her he meant every word he said to her. What did he tell her? That he loved her? He had to know she wasn’t 18 yet. He would know that she can’t identify her m?te. Does he plan to have her commit to him as soon as she turns 18, rather than giving her time to find her mate? Does he only want her because she’s a Guardian? 
It would be a strategic move on Liam’s part. He already has the largest pack in the country. He is a very strong alpha and ensures that his warriors are well trained, making his pack also one of the strongest. If he were to take Cara as his mate and Luna, it could tip the scales for the Shadow Falls pack making them the strongest pack in the country as well. 
All of this is going through my mind until I see him kiss her. She is responding to his advances, and when he pulls back, I realize it’s not just her, but also both of their wolves. They have a bond. There is something more here than just strategy in order for their wolves to be taking part. There are feelings there as well. On both sides. 
###Chapter 12
Kai is almost uncontrollable as he snarls, ‘I don’t care. I will kill him! She is ours! I will have her even if I have to kill Cyran to do it.‘ It's all I can do to maintain control of Kai before he acts on his statement. The last thing we need is a war between our packs.
I force the shift and take over in my human form, running back to the packhouse. Kai is fighting me and snarling in my head. ‘Kail” I yell at my wolf and stop running to focus on him. ‘We are not starting a war because you have suddenly decided you want her. If you think she’s our mate, then we need to be smart about this. He has a head start in gaining her affection, but if the mate bond is there, it will pull her to us. If we anger her, or worse, hurt her, it could drive her away from us forever.’ That finally gets through to him and he calms down.
The packhouse comes into view and I find one of the many trees with hidden clothes, grabbing a pair of shorts before walking in through the back door.
The packhouse is never locked because people come and go at all hours. Those on patrol come in during breaks to eat or get something to drink, warriors train at all hours of the day and omegas work around everyone else’s schedule. When I walk into the kitchen to get a bottle of water, I run into my mother. She’s in one of my dad’s shirts with a robe over it and I don’t want to think about why her hair is messy or why she’s making two sandwiches.
“Hey mom.’ I state, hoping this awkward moment won't last too long. “Hey honey! Did you have a good night?” I lied, “It was great and then Kai and I went for a run, so I’m heading to bed.
“Okay sweetheart. Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention to you when we were at the memorial Thursday night and you asked about Cara. I invited her to your party next weekend. I know we invite all of the pack members, but you mentioned that you’ve never met her and I realized that she doesn’t really attend pack events, you wouldn't have ever really had the chance to unless you knew her at school. I made sure your father told her that it was a bit more than a request so she'll definitely be there. And your father also made sure to invite her father with a strong emphasis on the request versus invite.” She smiled at me.
so
An idea began forming in my mind about how I could start making an impression on my girl. “Thanks Mom!” I replied enthusiastically. “I really appreciate it. I don’t like not knowing our pack members. Dad has made sure to drill the importance of knowing all our pack members into my head. And with her being
+15 BONOS
her.
We said goodnight and I walked up the stairs to my room thinking about my plan. I have one week until my birthday party. When I get to the third floor, Chase is kissing his red—head goodnight. As I walk by, I mind—link him to find me tomorrow so we can talk. He pulls away from the girl and looks at me, Everything okay Alpha?”
I smile at him. “It will be, just come find me when you're up, no rush.”
The next day after breakfast in the packhouse, I find my father in his office. I confirm that Cara has been in his training classes every morning, even on the weekends, and that he gave permission for her to be trained in the afternoons by her father rather than attending my training classes.
Afterward, I find my mother and give her my request for my party. She’s so excited that I’m showing an interest in not only my party but also possibly finding my mate that she’s willing to do anything I ask, although this is an easy request to complete.
Finally, I meet up with Chase and give him my plan for the week leading up to my party including the request of my mother. “Dude, are you sure? You will basically be staking a claim once everyone figures. it out.”
I look at my friend. “I’m absolutely sure. So let's figure out the logistics.”
“You got it. You know I’m always here for you, no matter what you need.”
I do. That’s why he’s my best friend and future Beta. He will always have my back.
Cooper Author
What do you think Rik is up to? Leave me a comment and let me know your thoughts. 71
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 13
After I said goodbye to Liam, I was definitely needing a release. The man is sex on wheels. Thankfully my dad was asleep already. I went to my room and undressed, deciding to sleep naked since I planned to give myself a much needed release before bed and I only had a few hours to sleep before training anyway.
I laid in bed my hand sliding over my breasts, pinching my nipples, thinking of how they had tightened when Liam growled earlier. I slid one hand between my legs, rubbing my clit, thinking of how hard he had been while we were dancing. A soft moan escaped my lips before thinking of how Liam had dominated my mouth with his. I started thinking of how that mouth would feel between my legs. I started to move my hand faster, thinking of what it would be like to look down and see Rik looking up at me from between my legs.
Wait! WHAT? Rik How the hell did he end up in this fantasy? No, no, no! This is all about Liam. I gave my head a slight shake, refocused on the kiss with Liam. Yes, that’s it, that’s the tongue that could bring me to the brink.
I slide a finger inside, still thinking about how it would feel if Rik had his fingers inside of me and his mouth bringing me pleasure.
My eyes flew open again! What the hell!! Why is Rik featuring in my fantasies? I try to refocus on Liam’s green eyes but all I can see are those ice blue eyes of Rik’s, the thick black hair that he wears long. Watching those eyes looking up at me as he uses one hand to hold my thigh down as I begin to push against his face. The minute I think about him growling against my pussy, my body erupts in the strongest orgasm I’ve ever had. I have to press my free hand to my mouth to keep from waking my father. My body is jolting with the aftershocks of my orgasm. What the fuck just happened?
I wake to my alarm a few hours later, utterly exhausted. I drag myself to warrior training and make it through. Thankfully most of the warriors were out last night too, so none of us is at the top of our game.
Weekends with my dad mean endurance training and toxic plant education. Learning the components of plants that are deadly to werewolves, vampires, and other supernaturals is key to knowing how to save yourself or defeat your enemy. Witches are real too and can be helpful if you find the right one. However, there aren’t too many Glenda, the Good Witches out there. Mostly they are all Wicked Witches of whatever direction they decide to live. So it’s better to know plant composition and understand it on my own.
To say I’m already exhausted would be an understatement, but I know saying +15 BONOS are tired Cara. They will take any advantage they can get.”
So, I jump in the pool that is in our indoor training area. Dad throws me the 250 pound dummy that I must keep afloat while I tread water. If I let the dummy go, he sinks to the bottom. It is meant to represent an unconscious person, specifically an Alpha. I used to wonder why I had to train this way, but over time, I realize that it's good to be prepared for any possibility. Also, the different styles of training that my dad has me do ensure that every muscle in my body is strong. So, I relax my mind, begin my tread and hold the dummy ensuring that his head remains above water.
For the next two hours, I tread water while dad asks me questions about plant biology, toxic elements of different plants, giving me symptoms and asking what plant was ingested. When we’re done, I’m totally wiped out. We go inside and. have lunch and then I’m free for the rest of the afternoon and I take a long soaking bath to relieve my aching muscles. 
###Chapter 14
Sunday is much the same as Saturday, only instead of treading water, it’s running Sunday is ‘marathon’ day, so I run my 26.2 miles in two and a half hours. I finish my homework Sunday night and get ready for another week at school.
Monday starts like any other day. It’s my turn to drive so I pick Jason up on my way. We go our separate ways for our first class. I see Rik from the corner of my eye. He’s watching me but I don’t make eye contact and he doesn’t try to follow me today. I’m relieved because I don’t think I could look him in the eye after my Saturday early morning orgasm, courtesy of him. I can feel my blush just thinking about it. Ugh!
My day goes well, and I meet up with Jason and Lacey for lunch. We grab a table and Jason heads to the line to get food. I always bring leftovers on Mondays, so I begin eating. The room around me starts to go quiet and I look up to see at delivery man carrying what looks like a dozen white roses. Nice! Wonder who the lucky girl is.
The delivery guy is looking around and stops to ask someone for help in finding the person he’s looking for. I see the student looking around and then makes eye contact with me and stops. What the fuck? He points the delivery guy in my direction and he heads my way.
“Cara Nelson?” He asks, looking at me. I look at the flowers with a frown on my face. Is this a joke? “Yes?” It comes out as more of a question than a statement.
“These are for you.”
“Who are they from?”
“There’s a card. Enjoy.”
I stare at the flowers for a minute before Jason nudges me. “Well, read the card.”
I open the card:
Cara,
Roses are white.
Guardians are true.
Can you guess who I am?
Or will I have to tell you?
+15 BONOS
Your Secret Admirer
Jason is reading over my shoulder. “Whoa! You have a secret admirer?”
I look from the card back to the flowers, as if they have the answer to Jason’s question. “I guess so.” I’m still frowning when Lacey “ahhhhs’” from her seat. “That is so sweet! I wonder who it is.” “I have no idea. I mean, seriously, who could it be?” I look at both of them.
“Don’t look at us. Not a clue.” Jason states, holding his hands up in surrender. I look at Lacey and she is shaking her head, she has no idea either.
Now what? I have to carry these flowers around for my last two classes of the day. As if I hadn't attracted enough attention already. Everyone is already looking at me and whispering about my flowers. This type of attention will spread like wildfire through both packs. If this wasn’t sent by Liam, he'll hear about it.
Could it be Liam? He had basically professed his love for me on Friday night. Is this his way of showing he meant what he said? But it just didn’t seem like something he would do. The flowers, yes, but not the secret admirer note. So that left.....everyone.
I glance around the room and see all eyes are on me. As I scan the room, hoping to see someone looking sheepish, I lock eyes with the blue glaciers that haunted my fantasies over the weekend. He’s wearing a smirk, of course. I refrain from rolling my eyes and grab my books and flowers and head out to my next class.
As I'm about to walk out of the cafeteria, I shout over my shoulder, “If you’re here, thank you, and I'll figure it out.” As the door closed behind me, I swear I heard a deep chuckle.
Cooper Author Comment and let me know what +15 BONOS
###Chapter 15
All day Sunday I spent planning. Chase is all in and even found a way to get some information for me. I’m feeling pretty good about the coming week. It will all culminate on my birthday and I can only hope it’s enough time to give me an in with Cara. L
Monday morning I wake up early. I've never seen Cara train and I’m really interested now that I've put a name to a face. At the risk of seeming like a stalker, I find a spot on the second floor of the pack house that overlooks the back where my father trains the warriors. I leave the light in this guest room off and quietly open the window. I see warriors slowly coming out and starting to warm up. She's not here yet and just as I’m about to sit back and wait, I see movement from the forest line. As I watch, I see a large, gorgeous brown wolf running along the tree line with a bag in her mouth. It must be Cara’s wolf. She must run here from her home every morning. It makes sense, she'll be more warmed up than anyone after a 5—mile run.
I watch as she goes behind a tree to change and comes out with leggings, an oversized sweatshirt and sneakers on. Her hair is up in a cute ponytail. It’s short and her curls are twisting in every direction. My breath catches. She is so beautiful. I catch her scent as she walks over and joins the warriors that have already arrived and I immediately feel more relaxed.
She walks up and fist bumps each of them as I hear, “Hey Little Badass.” from Trevor.
Yup. If I
“Trevor, if you don’t want to this morning, knock it off.”
see your 200 first t my little badass replies. All of the warriors chuckle and continue warming hadn't figured it out on Friday when several of my warriors were ready to take me on because of her, it would be obvious now. They have the utmost respect for her. She's one of them, and I’m anxious to see how good she really is.
Over the next two hours, I watch as my girl takes down every warrior in training, like bowling pins. Rack ‘em up and she knocks “em back down again.
I can’t help the smile that feels permanently etched on my face. She’s incredible! She’s fast, agile, and a smart fighter. Her biggest opponent is Trevor. He’s a really good fighter. He’s smart and doesn’t rely on his brawn to win. He’s calculating and constantly looking for ways to extort his opponent’s weaknesses, only he doesn’t seem to be able to find any in Cara.
I watch as they taunt each other. This must be their thing, smack talking. I know it is with Trevor, but I didn’t see Cara bantering with many other warriors. In
1/2 +15 BONOS learn ways to improve and then she had them try again.
When training ends, I wait to see if she'll shift back so Kai and I can see her wolf again. What I didn’t expect was for my father to walk with her over to the edge of the forest. He has his arm around her, as if she were his daughter, and maybe that is how he sees her. It’s odd as the only other person my father shows affection to is my mother. They finish their conversation and my father kisses the top of her head before heading back to the packhouse while she changes. When her wolf leaves the tree line, I hear her woof at my dad. He turns and waves before heading inside and she takes off in a loping run in the direction of her house.
I'm running late now and I rush to shower and get ready for school. I run down the stairs, into the kitchen to grab something to eat quickly, pulling my phone out as I go. I nearly run Chase over as I round the corner at the bottom of the stairs.
“Whoa Rik! Slow down. I saw you weren't down here yet so I grabbed you a couple of breakfast sandwiches to go.”
“You're the best friend a guy could ask for Chase!” “I know. So, everything set for today?” he asks, as we head out. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 16
“Calling now to double check and confirm delivery will be during lunch.” I smile as I pull the phone up to my ear. “I'll drive and you can make sure all the arrangements are made.”
note.
1 confirm my flowers will be delivered during lunch today along with my I’m hoping the secret admirer thing isn’t too cliche, but I also want to make sure that she knows it’s not from Alpha Liam.
The day goes by slowly approaching lunch time. When the bell rings for lunch, I bolt to the lunchroom. I want a front row seat. I need to know how she reacts in order to make sure the plans I have for the rest of the week will work. Otherwise, Ill have to rethink thi
week. I don’t currently have any back up plans, so I’d have to rework and come up with something new if she hates this and throws my flowers away.
Chase goes to grab lunch for both of us as I sit at my usual spot. I watch as she comes in and sits with Lacey and Jason. My stomach has gone queasy waiting to see how this will go. I’ve never done anything like this before and I really want it to work. I’m barely paying attention to the conversation around me and thankfully, Chase is carrying the conversation for both of us, when a hush falls in the cafeteria. I look up to see the delivery guy looking around at the large number of individuals in the cafeteria. I gave a description of her, but there must be 200 shifters in this room right now.
I look back at Cara and see a soft smile grace her face. BINGO!
I watch as the delivery guy approaches her and after ensuring she is Cara Nelson, he hands her the vase filled with flowers. I watch as her smile turns to a frown of confusion. She asks the guy who it’s from and he says exactly what I told him to say, that there’s a card. I paid extra to make sure everything was exactly as I requested. I’ll call the florist, who is a friend of my mom’s, and let her know it was perfect.
I see Jason nudge her to open the card. As she does, the confusion on her face remains, and I can’t help the smile that starts pulling at my face.
Completely unexpected? Check
Making your girl feel special? Check.
Letting everyone in the room know that someone is actively and intently pursuing her? Double check! +15 BONOS
Lacey gives the expected female swoon. I see her asking if they know who it is. Of course they don’t. Only Chase and I know that I sent them. Chase nudges me with his elbow discreetly and gives me a thumbs up under the table so no one else can
see.
I watch as she looks around the cafeteria trying to figure out who it is until her eyes meet mine. ‘Oh baby, you ain’t seen nothin‘ yet‘ I think as I watch a slight pink tinge rise on her cheeks. It sends a direct line of fire to my cock which goes rock hard. I wonder what other ways I could make her cheeks go pink.
I shift in my seat uncomfortably, trying to ease the ache in my jeans which suddenly feel much too tight.
I follow her as she gathers her belongings, including the flowers and heads to the door. I’m about to go back to eating, when I hear her parting comment. Game on baby!
After school, I head over to the finest restaurant in three towns where I meet with the owner and set up my next request. When all those arrangements are made. and I have ensured that it will be done exactly as I have requested, I head home.
Chase is picking up the slack this week for training, but I run upstairs to my room and change quickly before joining in the last hour. I'll need to increase my workouts since I'll be missing training a lot this week, but I'll figure it out. I only have one week to make my intentions known so I’m going to take full advantage.
After checking in with mom that she will fulfill her part tomorrow, I head to bed. I fall asleep late at night, thinking of the smile I put on my girl's face today.
Cooper Author
I would love to know if your impression of Rik is changing or if it's staying the same. Leave a comment and let me know!
50
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 17
After school, I drop Jason off and finally arrive at home after lugging my flowers around the rest of the afternoon. I have to admit they made me smile often. No one has ever done something like that for me. I’ve been wracking my brain to figure out who it could be, but honestly, the opportunities are nearly endless. I just have no idea, but I haven’t given up, not by a long shot..
As I walk in the door, I hear dad from the other room, “Welcome home sweetheart, how was your....well, well, well, what have we here?” He asks, eyeing my flowers.
“Oh? This ol’ thing?” I give him my best fake surprised look, then smile. “They are flowers. Apparently, I have a secret admirer.” I look at the flowers again.
“White, huh?” He asks. “You know what white roses mean, don’t you?” I look at him confused. “The color of the rose means something?” “Yep and white means something like loyalty and purity.”
“Well, my admirer knows I’m a Guardian, so the loyalty fits. Not sure how many people know I'm ‘pure‘ but maybe this person is hoping?” I wiggle my eyebrows at my dad and we both laugh.
“Go get dressed for training, Car. I'll meet you outside.” That night, I looked at my beautiful roses, wondering who my mystery man could 1. be. My phone beeps and I see a text from Liam. Liam: So, I hear I have some competition. Me: If by competition you mean that you owe me flowers, then sure. Liam: Mmhmm. You realize this is someone staking a claim, right Cara? Me: It was flowers, not a romantic dinner. And did you know the color of flowers means something? Liam: The color of roses means something. White meaning purity and innocence. Me: Dad said it means loyalty and purity. And the person obviously knows I’m a Guardian, so the loyalty definitely fits. Liam: If you need some help removing the purity, you know where to find me. Damn, the thought of Liam removing my purity has me getting wet. I’m going to +15 BONOS Me: Believe me, if you’re my mate, my purity, innocence and virginity are all yours. It's a few minutes before I get a response. Liam: Now I need a cold shower. Go to bed Cara. Talk soon. Sleep well. Dream of 1.me. Me: Goodnight Liam
I take quite a ribbing at training the next morning. All the guys are asking who gave me flowers and offering to run them off if need be. I eliminated most of the guys from training after these conversations. These guys are more like my brothers, or brother’s—in—arms when we have to fight. The only one that I can’t scratch off the list is Trevor.
At school, I’m on a mission. I’m watching everyone. I don’t see anyone that stands out and I’m frustrated when I get to the cafeteria for lunch. Jason walks in with me and we're walking up to get food when a woman dressed in a three piece suit and heels steps up to me.
“Cara Nelson?”
I frown at her. What is this?
“Yes.”
“Excellent.” She turns and grabs a rolling cart with a plate covered with a silver dome and some other paraphernalia. “Go ahead, I'll follow you to your table.” She says as she stops to wait for me. Erm, what is this?” I ask because, seriously, what IS this?
“Your lunch.” She states as if it’s obvious.
“I didn’t order a special lunch.”
“It was ordered for you.” She smiles at me again.
“By whom?”
“There’s a card, but I was instructed not to give it to you until
with your food.”
Uh-huh. Okay. you were seated
I turn and head to my usual table. Jason is looking at me wide-eyed. Lacey sidles up to me and hooks her arm through mine. “What's going on?”
+15 BONOS
I look at the waitress over my shoulder. “Apparently, I had lunch ordered for me.
She raises an eyebrow at me, “By whom?”
I give her a fake smile, “I don’t know. I apparently don’t get my card until after I have my meal in front of me.”
We
Ito the table and I turn to the waitress. “What's your name?”
“Tamara.”
“Tamara, this is the table I usually sit at.” I point to the table and pull my bag off my shoulder and begin to set it on the table. “Just one moment.” She says and I pull my bag back.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 18
She takes out a black tablecloth that looks like something out of a fine dining restaurant and spreads it on the table. Then she sets the table for one with a linen. napkin and utensils. I sit and she puts the plate with the dome covering it in front
of me. “You have your choice of coffee, tea or soda to drink.” “Uh, soda, please Tamara.”
She smiles, pours a glass of soda for me and then sets another, smaller plate on the table. Pointing to the smaller plate, she says, “This is dessert*.
“Is there anything else I can get you?” “Was there a card?”
She reaches into her pocket and hands me the card. “When you are done, just leave it all here and I'll come back and collect it.” She nods at me and heads out of the cafeteria.
“Thank you.”
I realize that no one is saying anything. The entire cafeteria is quiet, watching me. No one is even going through the line to get their food for lunch. From somewhere in the back, someone hollers, “Well, let’s see what you got for lunch.”
I pull the cover off the plate and my mouth instantly starts to water. It’s filet. mignon and lobster tail, mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. My mouth drops open and every shifter in the room groans, almost simultaneously as they catch the scent of my delicious lunch. There’s a small dish inside with melted butter and a separate pat of butter for the potato or asparagus, not sure.
What's
I hear Jason’s voice, much more airy and distracted than normal, asking the card say?” while Lacey, never taking her eyes off my food, uses her finger to close my gaping mouth.
I snap my mouth closed and open the card.
Cara,
One day soon I hope you will let me take you on a real date, To wine and dine you to your stomach and heart's content.
It is the way of wolves to provide for the ones we care about. +15 BONOS
Therefore, I present you with this offering,
So you will know that my intentions are honest and honorable. Humbly, Your Secret Admirer
I read the note several times. Artemis has come forward as this is a powerful. message not just to me, but to her as well. The most important thing to a male wolf is to show his mate that he can protect and care for her. This message means that my admirer wants Artemis and I to know that he is willing and capable of taking care for us.
Holy shit, Liam was right. This man, whoever he is, is staking his claim.
Jason whistles softly, reading over my shoulder. “Damn.” He lengths the word, making it extend for a few seconds as I continue to stare at the card.
“Girl, if you aren't going to eat that, I definitely will! And if you are, for all that’s good and holy, please eat it before it gets cold.” Lacey is drooling over my food. a
“You can’t eat it, Lace,” Jason says quietly, still looking at the card in my hand.
“What? Why?” She asks as she snatches the card out of my hand. Her eyes go wide as she reads the card. “Damn girl! That's so hot. Even DeeDee is purring right now.” DeeDee is Lacey's wolf. I look up at her. “I know right?”
She cocks an eyebrow, “Artemis, what do you think?”
I can tell she’s still forward so my eyes must be glowing. Artemis smirks, “I’m going to eat my offering and enjoy every moment of it.”
I pick up my fork and knife and dive in. My eyes close involuntarily and I moan. “Rub it in, why don’t you!” I hear from across the cafeteria.
“Sorry, but it’s too damn good to stay quiet about, so get over it” I shout back. “You gonna share?” I hear from somewhere else.
“Not a chance and before any one of you thinks to take me on to get MY delicious lunch,” Artemis pushes forward and my voice deepens a bit, “remember I’m a Guardian.”
There’s a lot of grumbling and lots of shifters come closer to my table than is necessary to get a whiff of my food. “Oh my goddess, is that from Ethereal? It looks like it's from Ethereal.”
I look at the girl staring at my food. “I honestly don’t know, I’ve never been there, but I can tell you this. The food is delicious.” +15 BONOS
Therefore, I present you with this offering,
So you will know that my intentions are honest and honorable.
-Humbly, Your Secret Admirer
I read the note several times. Artemis has come forward as this is a powerful message not just to me, but to her as well. The most important thing to a male wolf is to show his mate that he can protect and care for her. This message means that my admirer wants Artemis and I to know that he is willing and capable of taking care for us.
Holy shit, Liam was right. This man, whoever he is, is staking his claim.
Jason whistles softly, reading over my shoulder. “Damn.” He lengths the word, making it extend for a few seconds as I continue to stare at the card.
“Girl, if you aren't going to eat that, I definitely will! And if you are, for all that’s good and holy, please eat it before it gets cold.” Lacey is drooling over my food.
“You can’t eat it, Lace,” Jason says quietly, still looking at the card in my hand.
“What? Why?” She asks as she snatches the card out of my hand. Her eyes go wide as she reads the card. “Damn girl! That's so hot. Even DeeDee is purring right now.” DeeDee is Lacey's wolf. I look up at her. “I know right?”
She cocks an eyebrow, “Artemis, what do you think?”
I can tell she’s still forward so my eyes must be glowing. Artemis smirks, “I’m going to eat my offering and enjoy every moment of it.”
I pick-up my fork and knife and dive in. My eyes close involuntarily and I moan. “Rub it in, why don’t you!” I hear from across the cafeteria.
“Sorry, but it’s too damn good to stay quiet about, so get over it” I shout back. “You gonna share?” I hear from somewhere else.
“Not a chance and before any one of you thinks to take me on to get MY delicious lunch,” Artemis pushes forward and my voice deepens a bit, “remember I’m a Guardian.”
There’s a lot of grumbling and lots of shifters come closer to my table than is necessary to get a whiff of my food. “Oh my goddess, is that from Ethereal? It looks like it's from Ethereal.”
I look at the girl staring at my food. “I honestly don’t know, I’ve never been there, but I can tell you this. The food is delicious.” +15 BONOS
Aguy I don’t know comes to stand next to her, “Definitely Ethereal. Damn, whoever bought you lunch, spent a lot of money to impress you. And if I’m not mistaken, the woman who served you was the owner of
a restaurant” GET IT NOW +15 BONOS
###Chapter 19
I don’t even know what to say. The OWNER Who can pull that off? While I’m amazed, it does begin to narrow down the possible options. Someone of rank, someone related to the owner, or someone owed a favor. Ok, the last one opens up the playing field again, since I would have no way of knowing who the owner would owe a favor to.
I finish my food and reach for the smaller plate. I lift the cover and my nose is immediately bombarded with the scent of chocolate. And not just any chocolate, it’s Luna Calista’s renowned brownies my very favorite dessert on the planet! This person either got lucky or they know me and my weakness for our Luna’s brownies.
I eat every bite and I’m stuffed to a level of being uncomfortable. The bell announcing lunch is over sounds and I collect my things, trying to decide what to do with everything sitting on the table. I’ve put it in as much of an order as I can, but I don’t know where to put it. Right then, Tamara steps in to start cleaning up.
I smile at her. “Thank you Tamara, my compliments to the chef. I hear you are the owner, is that correct?” She turns to me and smiles, “That's correct Ms. Nelson, my mate and I own Ethereal.”
My heart rate kicks up. “So, you know who ordered this for me?”
She gives me another smile, “I most certainly do. And before you ask, the answer is no. I won't tell you.” My smile fades, but I push through. “What if I ask you something other than at name?”
“Like what?”
“Could you tell me if it's a family member?”
“It was not a person that I’m related to.”
“Was it someone that you owed a favor to?
“Nope. I did it because I appreciate romance.”
“Can you tell me which pack the person belongs to?”
Sorry, I was told I could not provide you any pack information, rank or status or anything else that would give you any indication of who bought your lunch.
13 +15 BONOS
I sighed, “Well, thank you for the information you did share and again, the food was amazing. Truly, please give my compliments to the chef.”
“I'll tell my mate you like his cooking.” She chuckled as she finished collecting everything.
I walked out of the cafeteria and straight into a brick wall. Or what felt like a brick wall. Turns out it was just Rik’s hard chest. I took a step back and looked up into those distracting eyes.
“Ethereal, huh? To what do you owe the pleasure?”
Ugh! I was not in the mood for my alpha today. “Not that it’s any of your business, but someone thought it would be nice to order me lunch.”
“Flowers yesterday, Ethereal today. One might think someone was staking a claim one of my pack members.” “Your future pack.” I clarify as I push past him and start to walk away, but he keeps pace beside me easily. “So, who is the lucky guy?”
“No idea.”
“No idea? Come on, you must have some idea?”
“None.”
“And you're ok with that?
you're ok not knowing who it. Buy is making a very public claim on you and
I shrug. “I'll figure it out eventually. It’s not like he’s going to keep it a secret for years or even months. But I plan to figure it out long before he tells me who he is.”
“Maybe it’s Alpha Liam. I saw you two at the club the other night.”
“Nope, not him.”
“How do you know? It could be.”
I stopped and looked at him. “First, he wouldn’t say he’s my secret admirer. Second, he texted me last night after hearing about the flowers and asked me about it. So, no, it’s not him.”
“Hmmm, it’s like we have our very own mystery here at high school.”
+15 BONOS
I arrive at my class and turn to him once more. “I will figure out who he is.”
I turn and walk into my class just as the bell rings. I swear I hear ‘Good luck with that.” as the door closes. Cooper Author
I hope you enjoyed this extra long chapter. What do you think of Artemis accepting Rik’s offering?
) 35
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 20
The next morning I’m up early again. I’m not ready to join in the morning. training sessions just yet, but I still want to take whatever opportunity I can to watch my girl.
I sneak back into the guest room and open the window just as I see her wolf running along the tree line. I watch as she goes behind the trees and a few minutes later emerges in her work out clothes. She heads over to the training ground and immediately the guys start to give her crap for the flowers. She handles their ribbing well and brushes them off when they ask about getting rid of me. Kai growls in my head over that one. ‘As if any of those pups could take us.
Today is similar to yesterday as I watch her take down every warrior, this time in wolf form. Her wolf is smaller than mine but she’s as fast and agile in her wolf form as she is in her human form. Her wolf is beautiful and graceful and Kai is purring in my head, wanting desperately to meet her.
After training, I watch her wolf head back home and then I rush to get ready for school again. I meet Chase downstairs and he again has my breakfast to go.
“Thanks man. I really owe you for helping me out this week.” He punches my shoulder. “No problem. Yesterday was fun. I’m hoping today goes just as well. Are you nervous? It’s a big move.”
Yeah, I’m fucking nervous. I’m clearly staking my claim and it can go one of two ways. She and her wolf can accept it, or they can reject it, in essence, rejecting us. Kai howls in my head at the thought of them rejecting us.
“They won't. Her wolf will feel honored by our offering. It’s the most precious gift that we can give her to show her what she means to us.’
‘And you're sure about this Kai? We don’t want to give her false hope if you just like her. This is a big deal, you can’t back out once it’s done.’
‘I want her. She’s mine. They are ours. I will do whatever it takes to make sure she knows that.’ ‘Ok big guy. Let’s see how today goes then.‘ on
I make it through the morning, feeling progressively more nauseous as the day goes on. By the time the bell rings for lunch, I feel like ’'m ready to hurl. Kai is unusually quiet as I walk into the lunchroom. I’m early again, making sure that Tamara can see me. I have given her Cara’s description, but after yesterday, I
+15 BONOS
She gives the barest nod of her head to acknowledge me as I look in her direction, letting me know she sees me. Then her eyes are back to the doors. I watch for Cara’s entrance and as soon as I see her, I make eye contact with Tamara and she’s ready.
I watch as Tamara confirms that she’s here for Cara and follows her to her table. Cara seems shocked again at how it’s all set up. I would feel stalkerish, but the entire cafeteria has stopped again to watch what is happening. She doesn’t even seem to notice as she’s totally engrossed in the set up for her lunch.
When Tamara asks her if she needs anything and Cara only asks for the card, my hands start sweating. This is it. I'll know soon enough if it’s a go or if it's a no.
I watch her shock as she uncovers the food. The entire room groans and even my stomach growls loudly at the smell coming from her plate. Chase comes to stand next to me, giving me his moral support. He doesn’t say a word, just stands beside me.
Then she reads the card. At first, nothing happens and she just stares at it. Then, it’s like the sun begins to shine behind her emerald eyes and I know that her wolf has come forward. It’s the Guardian’s golden glow. Only their wolves have eyes that shine like that. This is it, she'll either love it or hate it.
I see them talking quietly to each other. Jason seems to understand the weight of the words in the card. I watch Lacey grab it from Cara and then her eyes darken ast her wolf comes forward reading my words as well. I hear DeeDee as she asks Artemis what she thinks. Artemis. Now, I finally know Cara’s wolf’s name.
I hold my breath as I wait. Then Kai howls in triumph in my head at her response. She accepted our offering!
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 21
Chapter 0021 “High five Alpha! You're golden!” Chase mind links me so as not to give it away that the gift is from me.
I can’t help the smile that spreads across my face. I feel high, exuberant, on top. of the world. Nothing in my life has ever felt so momentous as this moment.
I watch as she takes the first bite and her moan of pleasure has my cock stiffening in my jeans. Shit. But it’s her next words
that make me go rock hard as she and Artemis both threaten anyone that wants to try to take her offering. My heart settles and Kai is practically rolling over to show his belly he’s so happy.
I watch as people walk by to see what she’s eating and smelling the food. It really does smell good and makes whatever Chase grabbed for us taste like cardboard. When she finishes eating, she reaches for the brownies. Dad had let it slip that he frequently takes mom’s brownies to his dinners with Mr. Nelson because he’s realized that they are Cara’s favorite. So, I asked mom to make me some and I dropped them off to Tamara earlier this morning.
I watch as her eyes nearly roll back into her head when she takes a bite of the brownie and I get an image of her making that same face while she’s riding on my cock, her pussy gripping me as she cums, making that moaning sound before. screaming my name.
And now I’m so close to blowing my load in my jeans that I need a serious distraction. I tune into the conversation around the
table to hear some of the she -wolves who are trying their best to not sound too bitchy while also implying that Cara isn’t worth this level of effort. It has the desired effect and I go from turned on to pissed in seconds. She's more than worth it and not just
because she’s a Guardian, although that would be reason enough as far as I’m concerned. She’s beautiful, intelligent, strong,
the best warrior on my squad and a loving daughter.
I'm about to respond when I hear her asking Tamara questions about who ordered the lunch. My attention shifts back to Cara’s conversation. Tamara responds perfectly, just as I asked. It gives me an idea and I rush to leave the cafeteria before Cara does.
She's distracted when she comes out the door and it takes no effort to put myself in her way so she runs right into me. And now I'm hard again.
She looks up at me with those beautiful emerald eyes, no longer glowing with Artemis’s gold. My cock gets so hard it feels like I have a steel rod in my pants. I
12 +15 BONOS
I want to know if she truly understands that this is me staking my claim on her. So I guide the conversation in that direction until I can ask. She doesn’t answer me so I ask the other question that’s really been bothering me. I need to know if she realizes that it's not Liam doing this for her. Her response, while snarky, makes me happy. It’s a side benefit that he’s heard about what happened yesterday. As an Alpha, he’ll know exactly what this means. He has competition. When she confidently tells me she'll figure out who I am as she walks into class, I can’t help but murmur, “Good luck with that” under my breath as I turn making my way to the bathroom to relieve this pressure in my jeans. Not ideal to jack off in the bathroom at school, but desperate times.....
After school, I confirm my surprise for tomorrow. I’m trying to hit all the bases, things she will like, things that are romantic, and like today, things that make a
statement. I make it home in time to attend warrior training and I get in a good workout. I decided to attempt to take down each of my
warriors during training, to see what level of endurance it takes for Cara to do this on a daily basis. I nearly lose my last match, and I’m exhausted at the end of training.
As I'm walking back to the packhouse, I hear one of my warriors grumbling about how it’s not enough to get their ass kicked by Cara in the morning, now they have to get their ass kicked by me in the afternoon. The happiness of the day stays with me through dinner and I drift off to sleep thinking of Cara’s beautiful green eyes, overlaid with Artemis’s gold.
Cooper Author
What do you think of Rik staking his claim? Anthon 
###Chapter 22
Chapter 0022 After school, I drop Jason off and head home. When I walk in, Dad looks at me and gives me a side smile, “What? No flowers?” The look on my face must have been more serious than I anticipated because his smile drops. “Honey?”
I walk over to the living room and sit on the couch. I take a deep breath and tell dad about the lunch that was ordered for me. He whistles low, looking at me intently. “That could be taken a couple of different ways Cara.”
I silently hand him the card. He reads it and then stares at it for a second like I did. “Okay, only one way to take that. What does Artemis say? I’m assuming she was pleased?”
“Oh yeah, she was thrilled to be given the adoration she thinks she deserves.” I say laughing.
I see Donovan push forward as Dad’s green eyes go brighter. “She’s a Guardian and my pup. Of course she deserves it. Any male would be lucky to have her as a mate. This is the type of homage that is due a Guardian and my daughter.” Donovan’s gravelly voice states.
Dad forces Donovan back and we give each other a look. Sometimes our wolves act a bit....arrogant. “So, have you figured out who it is yet?” Dad changes the subject.
“No clue dad. Not one. I did rule out most of the guys in training this morning, mostly because they were giving me such a hard time about the flowers.”
“Could it be Alpha Liam?” he asks. He knows that Liam and I have been flirting. and spending some time together but I hadn’t mentioned Friday night's chat. with him. I still wasn’t completely sure how I felt about it.
“I don’t think so. Plus he texted me last night after hearing about the flowers. I’m pretty confident it’s not him.”
“Oh! And, it was the owner of Ethereal that brought in my food today.” Dad whistles again. He looks thoughtful for a moment, then looks back at me. “It could be Alpha Rik.
I laugh out loud, bending over and holding my stomach. “Dad, I hate to break it to you, but Alpha Rik has no clue who I am.” He cocks an eyebrow at me in question.
+15 BONOS
“He literally came up to me last week and asked me what my name was and. which pack I’m from.”
Dad, or maybe Donovan, growled about that. I quickly jumped in with damage control. I didn’t want Dad saying anything to Alpha Anders. “It's fine Dad. He'll figure it out eventually.
After training and dinner, I was up in my room finishing my homework when my phone rang. I saw it was Liam and sighed. I knew this was coming.
“Good evening Liam. To what do I owe the pleasure of a call?” “I think you know very well Cara. Yesterday it was, and I quote only flowers, not a romantic dinner’.” “Well, it wasn’t dinner.” I reply awkwardly. What do I even say here? I have no idea who is doing this.
“Do I need to come have lunch with you tomorrow Cara?” Even through the phone I could feel his need to show his dominance to the other wolf that he feels is threatening his claim on me. He’s been patient. But now he has, what he would consider, competition.
“That’s not necessary, Liam. I’m sure you have more important things to do than have lunch at the local high school.” “Artemis accepted the offering.” It was a statement, not a question, but I answered anyway. “Yes.”
I swear I could hear him grinding his teeth through the phone. It was quiet for so long that I began to wonder if he was still on the line or if he smashed the phone and disconnected the call.
“Liam?” “I'll see you soon Cara.” he stated abruptly and hung up.
After that, I decided to call it a night. The air was warming up and I went to my window and opened it to let in fresh air while I slept. I laid in bed thinking of what all this could possibly mean. Artemis basically had two wolves staking their claim on her, which also meant they were staking their claim on me. Artemis was purring in my head, thinking of two wolves fighting over her.
‘What is wrong with you? One of those wolves is an Alpha and would kick the other wolf’s ass.”
‘Only if the other wolf isn’t Alpha.’ The thought of two Alphas fighting over her has her purring so loud I feel like my bed should be vibrating. For me though, it’s
+15 BONOS
is Alpha Rik. Since he doesn’t even know who I am, it can’t be him. Unless someone told him. Unless he’s figured it out. But even if he knows who I am, why do this? It’s likely that I'll be his Guardian even if he doesn’t go to all this effort. Unless.....unless he’s worried about Liam. He did mention that he saw Liam and I Friday night. So, maybe this is a way to ensure that I remain in our pack?
Oh holy hell! Two Alphas in a fight over having me as their Luna? Wars start because of things like this. This could be terrible. It could cause so many problems. And what if neither of them is my fated mate? Will there be three of them fighting over me?
‘We could call it “The Alphas’ Rumble” or “Battle for a Luna‘. Or...what about ” The Guardian’s Battleground?” my very unhelpful wolf states. ‘Oh for crying out loud Artemis! We're supposed to protect the packs, not cause chaos and war!”
“Those are human emotions. For wolves, only the strongest male can mate with the female. So it makes perfect sense that they would fight over me. she replies, completely unphased.
I roll my eyes and give t
admirer is and fast.
on my wolf. I really need to figure out who my secret Cooper
Author
What do you think? Is Artemis right? Should Rik and Liam battle it out? And what if neither of them ends up being her fated mate?
31 +15 BONOS
###Chapter 23
The next day, I pick up Jason and head to school.
“So, what do you think today’s surprise will be?” He asks as soon as he gets in
the car.
I look over at him, “What makes you think there will be another gift today?”
“Come on Car. The man basically staked a claim yesterday. You think he isn’t going to follow that up with something today?” “What do you think it will be?” I ask him.
No clue, but I do know this. Anyone who is ANYONE will be in the cafeteria for lunch today to see what happens.” Great. Just what I don’t want.
“Still no clue who it is?” He asks, looking over at me as we pull into the parking lot. “Not one, but I’m guessing someone at this school is laying bets. Can you find out who is in the running for me? That may help me narrow it down some.
“Anything for you my friend!” And that’s just one of the many reasons that Jason is my best friend. All day long, the school is buzzing about my secret admirer. Seriously, does no one in this school have a life?
When the bell rings for lunch, I admit to feeling some trepidation. First, I’m concerned that Liam may make a guest appearance. I have no idea how that will go over, but I know it won't be good. And then, there’s the fact that everyone will be watching me to see what happens next.
I walk into the cafeteria and look around. Everyone stops what they are doing and looks at me, watching. I stand there for a second, before heading to the lunch line to get food. No one
stops me or follows me, so I get my lunch and go to sit down. Conversations start up again and I can tell everyone is a bit disappointed that nothing is happening. If I’m being honest with myself, I’m a bit.
t
disappointed as well. Like Jason, I had thought that my secret admirer would do something after the blatant offering and Artemis’s acceptance yesterday.
As I begin to eat, a hush falls over the cafeteria and I whip my head up to see what is happening. A barbershop quartet is walking my way. The four older wolves are wearing what I think of as the standard uniform, a red and white vertically striped button down vest over a long sleeved white shirt. This is paired with black slacks and the classic point, the hat. It’s a small brimmed white hat
with a thick red hat band wrapping around the bottom half of the crown that matches the
+15 BONOS
is Alpha Rik. Since he doesn’t even know who I am, it can’t be him. Unless someone told him. Unless he’s figured it out. But even if he knows who I am, why do this? It’s likely that I’ll be his Guardian even if he doesn’t go to all this effort. Unless.....unless he’s worried about Liam. He did mention that he saw Liam and I Friday night. So, maybe this is a way to ensure that I remain in our pack?
Oh holy hell! Two Alphas in a fight over having me as their Luna? Wars start because of things like this. This could be terrible. It could cause so many
problems. And what if neither of them is my fated mate? Will there be three of them fighting over me?
‘We could call it “The Alphas’ Rumble” or “Battle for a Luna‘. Or...what about ” The Guardian’s Battleground?” my very unhelpful wolf states.
“Oh for crying out loud Artemis! We're supposed to protect the packs, not cause chaos and war!’
“Those are human emotions. For wolves, only the strongest male can mate with the female. So it makes perfect sense that they would fight over me.* she replies, completely unphased.
I roll my eyes and give up on my wolf. I really need to figure out who my secret admirer is and fast. Cooper Author
What do you think? Is Artemis right? Should Rik and Liam battle it out? And what if neither of them ends up being her fated mate?
31 +15 BONGS Asmall smile spreads across my face. He didn’t let me down. Today I was going to be serenaded. Damn, this guy’s good.
One of the guys takes out a harmonica and blows the key that they will begin singing in. It’s not a song that I’ve ever heard, but I realize quickly that the song must be called You're a Heavenly Thing
When they sing the line about “sprinkled roses all over you", they actually sprinkle rose petals over my head. And when they sing “took the model and threw it away“, I had to laugh, as they mimed throwing something away.
Then, at the end, they kept singing “you're all mine, all mine“. He is indeed staking his claim again, telling everyone here that I’m his.
When they were done, everyone, including me, stands and claps. They take their bows and then turn back to me. “Let me guess. There's a card?”
One guy pulls an envelope out of his pocket and hands it to me as they make their exit. I wait until they were gone before opening the card.
Cara,
Let me make my intentions clear
I want to make you mine.
I know you aren't yet of age,
To know if fate will make us mates.
I'm willing to wait for you
And I am sure that you will be mine.
You heavenly thing.
-Patiently, hoping one day soon you will be mine, Your Secret Admirer
I can feel that once again Artemis has pushed forward. He is clearly staking at claim on both of us and she is all in, basking in the admiration.
Jason is reading over my shoulder, “Well, he certainly wants to make sure you know he’s staking a claim. Can’t get much more clear than that.”
you
I look at my dearest friend, “Who the hell is he? This is really daring and very. public. He must either be very confident or very stupid.”
“I don’t know, I’ve seen Artemis more in the last three days than I have in the last month, so he must be doing something right.” +15 BONOS That he is.
I decide to do some damage control and text Liam, letting him know that there was a barber shop quartet today at lunch. I don’t hear back from him the rest of the day.
Jason finally gets back to me with the list of names that are at the top of the bets for my secret admirers: Alpha Rik, Beta Chase, Alpha Liam, and Trevor. I had to drag the last name out of him. I burst out laughing as Jason said the final name is his. So, I can cross two of those names off the list. It’s not Jason or Liam. Beta Chase was never on my list, but I don’t want to remove him prematurely. So that leaves three. Rik and Trevor were already at the top of my list too.
Today is strength training with dad, and he joins in with me. He is still exceptionally strong from the waist up. While he is totally paralyzed from the waist down, he has not let that keep him wheelchair bound. He is right there doing all the upper body exercises with me; chest press, bicep and tricep curls, pull ups, dips, you name it, he’s doing it. And when I move to lower body exercises, he continues punishing his upper body.
My father may be called the Broken Warrior (yes I've heard the name), but I'd put my money on my dad over any warrior in our pack if they were to go head to head on upper body strength.
When I get back to my room, I smell my flowers before I shower and crawl into bed. I check my phone again and realize that I never heard back from Liam. I don’t know if he’s pissed or where his head is at, but I leave him alone. He’ll contact me when he’s ready. 2
That night my dreams are filled with wolves fighting over Artemis, warriors. fighting over me. But the most disturbing dream was an Alpha battle between Liam and Rik. Both ended up bloody and beaten, but in the end, Rik won. I watched as Liam lay on the ground bleeding out while Rik came and kissed me, before sinking his canines into my neck. The sting of the bite makes me shoot up in bed, reaching for my neck. Panting, I realize that it was just a dream and that my neck is unmarked.
I look at the clock and see it’s already 3am, so I just get up and get ready for training. 
###Chapter 24
The next day, I’m feeling a bit more confident. My morning is the same, watching Cara take out my warriors. Trevor continues to be her biggest competitor, but even he is unable to take her down.
Then I meet up with Chase, who has my breakfast to go, and we head to school. Everyone is talking about Cara’s secret admirer. I see Dean and walk over,
knowing he’s taking bets on who the mystery man is. “Dean.” I reach out and fist bump him and so does Chase. “So, who’s in the running?” I ask.
Dean gets a gleam in his eye, “Why, you want in on the action?” he asks. I'm seriously considering it if I’m on the list. This way, I can divert attention, in case Cara knows to ask.
“Depends. Who's on the list?”
Dean gives me a shrewd look, “Well, you and Chase are in the top five.”
“Is that so?” I ask.
“Why me?” Chase asks.
Dean gives him a look like he’s missing the obvious, “Because you can afford Ethereal, Beta.” Chase nods his head in understanding.
“Who else?” I continue my quest.
“Well, Trevor is also in the top 5, Alpha Liam and my biggest surprise, Jason.”
“Jason, her friend Jason?” Chase asks. I’m as surprised as he is.
“Yep. Apparently some people think he’s showing her in the only way she'll notice. At least that’s what I’m hearing when the bets are placed.
I reach in my pocket and pull out some money. “Fifty bucks says it’s Chase.” I give my Beta a wicked grin. He goes very still before slowly turning to me and raising his eyebrows at me.
He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his own money, “Fifty on Rik.” Bastard. He knows he’s winning this bet!
Dean takes our money and makes a note of our bets. “Awesome!”
“Now I need to recalculate the odds. Take into account that you could be trying to
+15 BONOS
don’t know that...” He continues to mumble about modifying the odds as he walks away.
Satisfied that I've mucked up the betting pool, Chase and I walk to our first class.
When it’s lunch time, I grab my lunch quickly so I can watch. It seems everyone. that is not in class during this lunch period, plans to be in the cafeteria.
When she walks in, I see her look around, trying to figure out what today’s surprise will be. Is that disappointment that I see on her face? Oh, I think it is. Don’t you worry my sweet, today’s gift is on its way.
When the quartet walks in, everyone goes quiet. Everyone knows exactly why they are here.
They begin to sing and I have to laugh when they sprinkle the rose petals over her head. I told them to make it fun, and that’s exactly what they are doing. I love watching her laughing at their antics during the song, knowing I brought that smile to her face
Everyone gave them a standing ovation and they deserved it. I see her ask them about a card and Harry pulls it out of his pocket and hands it to her.
I hold my breath while she reads it. Yesterday we made a clear claim for Cara and Artemis. Today, I am making my intentions clear. Kai and I want them and we're willing to wait for them. I see Cara’s eyes brighten with that sunlight glow and I know that Artemis has pushed forward again. Kai’s rumble of approval reverberates in my head. We’ve made an impact on not only Cara but also Artemis.
After school, I head to training with Chase. Talk continues as to who the secret admirer is. Trevor continues to swear that it's not him. Chase and I just give everyone that asks us a death stare. We hear lots of theories that it's Alpha Liam. He’s the obvious option since he and Cara have spent so much time together. The rumors are also rampant about what the cards have said. To Lacey’s credit, she’s not giving out much information, just basically saying that it's pretty obvious. what his intentions are based on the gifts he’s been providing.
###Chapter 25
After dinner with the pack, I go to my dad's office. The door is slightly ajar and I knock before pushing it open to walk in. I stop when I see my mom sitting in dad’s lap, and he’s practically checking her tonsils with his tongue.
“Seriously, can you not wait until you’re in the privacy of your own room for that?”
My mom hops out of my dad’s lap while her cheeks turn pink. They turn red when my dad smacks her ass. She turns to frown at him, but I can see her lips twitching up into a smile.
Turning back to me she says, “One day, hopefully soon, you'll understand the pull of the mate bond Rik.” and she taps my cheek on her way out of the room. She closes the door behind her leaving me alone with my father.
He watches my mother leave until the door closes and he can’t see her any longer. Then he turns his attention to me. “What can I do for you son?”
I take a seat and cross one ankle over the opposite knee. “I want to go with you to the Nelson’s home for dinner tomorrow.” I’m pleading my case again. But this time, there is an ulterior motive. I want some alone time with Cara.
“Rik, we've talked about this. It’s my time with Clint. I owe him my life and this is one day a week that I can devote to him.
“I want to show him my appreciation for what he and his wife have given to our family too, Dad. I want him to know that I understand the sacrifice that they've made and how important their family is to me.”
He leans back in his chair and looks thoughtful. “I’ve been trying to get him to come back to warrior training for years now. I can’t seem to make any impact on him. He doesn’t seem to realize that he has so much to give to the pack.”
“Well, if his training with Cara is any indication, then he may be the best trainer we've got.” “He is.” Dad says,
Better than you and I, as well.” He looks at me for several moments, and finally seems to decide something. “I'll think about it. I’m not saying yes, but I’m not saying no either.”
“Thanks Pops. I understand he is going to be attending my birthday party, so apparently you're getting him back into the packhouse at least.”
He gives me a devious smile. “I told him how offended I'd be if he didn’t make it +15 BONOS I shake my head at my father.
Conversation switches to pack business. For the next two hours, we discuss the pack finances, increasing rogue threats near our borders, the increased border patrols that have been ordered because of it, living arrangements for the packhouse residents who are leaving and those that have applied to come live here. Dad is updating me on all of the decisions that have been made so that I know what is happening at any given time within the pack. Once I graduate, I’ll become more involved in the actual decision making process. Until then, my father wants me to focus on my studies but keeps me in the loop.
When we're done, I say goodnight to my father and head to my room. I need to write up the card that will go with tomorrow’s gift.
After saying goodnight, Alpha Anders watched thoughtfully as his son left his office. The entire pack is buzzing about the mystery man that is staking his claim on Cara Nelson. But over the course of the week and the hours they spent alone together this evening, not one word about it from his son. He contemplates that he also hasn’t seen any young she—wolves sneaking off the alpha floor this week in the early hours of the morning.
Aknowing smile spreads across the older alpha’s face, before he decides to find his mate a and finish what he started earlier in his office. He locked up and began whistling as he went in search of his Luna. This weekend's birthday party should. prove to be very interesting.
Cooper Author Thanks for reading! What do you think tomorrow’s surprise will be? +15 BONOS
###Chapter 26
My dream has me on edge most of the morning. That or maybe it’s the constant whispers and not so subtle comments about who my mystery man might be.
By lunch time, I feel like a nervous wreck. But, I’m also excited. I have to admit, I’m enjoying the attention. Artemis is over the moon with the attention she’s getting from what she has determined is a worthy male. Stupid wolf, it takes more than some flowers, food and music to make me swoon.
Artemis snorts in my head, ‘You do realize that we share mind space and I actually do know that you are just as taken with this attention as I am, correct?”
“Whatever.' I try to push her back, but she refuses. She’s expecting a gift and she’s ready to receive it.
As I walk into the lunch room, it seems that every possible square of space is taken up. Who knew this many students had lunch during this period.
As I walk in, there is a person standing by the door with a huge gift basket. “Cara Nelson?” “That's me.”
“This is for you.”
“Is there a card?”
“Right here Ms. Nelson.” He hands me my card. I thank him and head over to my table.. Lacey and Jason have grabbed me lunch, which is lucky since everyone. starts crowding around my table to see what I’ve gotten today.
Jason looks up and around at everyone. “Do you mind? If you're going to be nosey, at least give her some room to breathe.” Everyone takes a step back, but it only helps so much. I open the card first.. Dearest Cara,
As a Guardian, you protect and fight for your pack.
But who looks after the Guardian, when the fighting is done?
Who ensures that your cuts and bruises are tended, your muscle aches relieved? I will look after you when the battle is won.
You will never be alone, your needs will always come before my own.
+15 BONOS
So please accept my gift, let me help you unwind
To remind you that your wounds will never be left unattended
And the hope that these gifts will relax you; body, soul and mind.
From my heart, Your Secret Admirer
Wow, I’m once again speechless. His cards have become more bold every day, and today is no different. He’s telling me he wants me as his mate. If Liam hadn’t acted so angry the other night, I would really think it was him.
I open my gift basket and it’s a plethora of relaxing products lavender and floral scented candles, epson salts that smell like eucalyptus and peppermint for soaking my aching muscles in a bath, vanilla scented bubble bath, body wash and lotion and a bottle of wine, which just happens to be one of my favorites.
It's perfect. It’s exactly what I need at the end of a hard day of training. ‘And thoughtful’ Artemis chimes in.
Now that everyone has seen the gift, they begin to drift off while continuing their conversations about who it could possibly be. As I'm looking over my gifts the room suddenly goes quiet and the scent of the woods, blood, and fighting assaults my nose. Artemis pushes forward, ready for a fight. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Rik and Chase stand up, looking toward the door. I
can see in their eyes that both of their wolves have come forward.
I look in the direction of the door and freeze. Liam is walking directly toward me, Cyran front and center in his eyes. His clothes are filthy, torn and bloody. There is a huge, bloodied slash mark across his chest. But that isn’t what is most startling. Over his shoulders, he has a huge, dead black bear.
It's so large, I have no idea how he can even carry it. It’s easily twice his size or more. He stops right in front of me and I stand up. “Liam, what..?” I’m cut off by Cyran’s deep, gravelly voice.
“I bring an offering for Artemis.” And he drops the bear at my feet.
Artemis practically throws me to the ground in my mind to push me out of her way. “Cyran” she purrs as she looks at the giant bear. “You killed a bear for me?”
He steps up to me and cups my cheek in his hand. Artemis leans into his touch.
“I wanted to show you that I can provide for you and protect you, Artemis. As a Guardian, you don’t need my protection, but I will always provide it to you. Do
273 +15 BONOS
###Chapter 27
Chapter 0027 She places her hand on his chest. “Yes, Cyran, I accept your offering.” Acheer from Liam's pack erupts throughout the room, proud that their Alpha’s offering was accepted by a Guardian.
A furious snarl comes from behind me, silencing the cheers. Artemis turns to see Kai fighting to come forward. His canines have extended and his claws are starting to emerge. Rik is obviously fighting for control and Chase has moved in front of him, restraining him from attacking Cyran.
I felt the change in Cyran as he moved to push me behind him. I quickly push Artemis back so I can take control of the situation before it gets out of hand.
When I look back at Cyran, his canines are extended and his claws are coming out. I put both hands on his chest. Not to restrain, but to distract.
“Cyran, Liam.” I waited until his eyes return to me. “What should I do with this offering? It’s awfully big and, well, I’m still in the middle of my school day.” I smiled at Cyran, hoping to distract him enough to relax, while I watch Chase and some other warriors from my pack from the corner of my eye moving Rik out of
the cafeteria.
Liam's eyes start to lighten, his claws and his canines retract. However, it was Cyran that responded. “Liam will take this and have it processed. The meat will be ready tomorrow but the skin will need another day or two to be tanned and cured.”
His eyes track back over to Rik who is still growling and fighting Chase. To bring his attention back to me, I say, “Maybe Liam can bring the meat by tomorrow after school. He can train with my dad and I.” His eyes whip back to my face. It’s an honor to train with not just one, but two Guardians. “We could make...” I look at the bear again, “bear steaks?” I ask it as a question, because, is that even a thing? I have no idea, but I’m desperate for him to focus on me and not Rik’s continued growls that are still clearly audible even though he is outside now.
His eyes shift back to their beautiful shade of sage and I know that Cyran is calm now. “I'd like that. I'll make sure to have some...” he pauses, trying not to laugh, “bear steaks ready to throw on the grill.” I smile back at him. “Wonderful.”
He leans down and gently touches his lips to mine. Then, he grabs the bear and pulls it back over his shoulders. As he turns to leave, I can’t resist one last remark.
1/2 +15 BONOS
“Oh Alpha Liam?” He turns and looks at me. “Please make sure you shower before you come by tomorrow.” I say to him with more sass than normal in my tone. He smiles and nods his head in acknowledgement before turning and leaving the cafeteria.
I release a huge breath as I turn around to Jason and Lacey giving them a ‘Can you fucking believe that?‘ look.
Lunch is over and I’m not hungry anyway after all of that. Jason hands me my gift basket and my bag then grabs his own. As soon as we walk out of the cafeteria, he pulls me into a quiet corner of the school. “What the hell was that Cara?”
“Which part Jason?” I whisper—yell back at him. “The part where Alpha Liam killed a bear with his own hands and brought it to me as an offering or the part where Alpha Rik went all psycho alpha and almost started a fight with Liam?”
“Yes.” He responds and then we both just stare at each. He chuckles and then pulls on my arm. “C’mon. We have to get to class.” He looks at me as we walk. ” Have you ever eaten bear before?”
“Nope. Have you?”
“Nope.” he pops the ‘P* at the end of the word. “So let me know how it is. Oh and, just because I’m not an Alpha, doesn’t mean you can’t invite me to train with you. and your dad sometime.”
I stop and look at him. “Jason, you're my best friend. I like you and want you to continue to be in my life. Odds are good that if you trained with me, it would kill you.” He just shakes his head.
I wasn’t joking.
Cooper
Author
Whoa! A bear! What do you think of Liam's offering? And what about Rik’s relaxation package? 927
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 28
Chapter 0028 Thursday starts out the same, watching Cara in training, grabbing breakfast to go and heading to school.
I'm excited for today. Every day my cards have become more bold, and every day, she and Artemis have accepted my words and gifts.
Everyone is buzzing about who the mystery man is. The odds are spinning around and now another bet is going as to when he, me, will announce himself. I’m tempted to get in on that one, but I decide to stay out of it. Throwing the odds off with me betting on Chase is the most I want to do..
I'm in place at lunch early, again. My delivery person is standing at the door. I don’t know this person, so I don’t give any sign of acknowledgernent and he doesn’t make any eye contact.
I sit and wait for her to enter. When she does, the delivery guy asks if she’s Cara. I watch as she asks for my card and then she heads to her table.
The entire cafeteria seems to push in on her, even the adults that work here. Kai and I start to move in her direction to get everyone out of her space when Jason speaks up and tells everyone to step back.
I watch as she reads my card. Again, I see Artemis push forward, wanting to be part of this, even though today is more specifically for Cara. I’m not a poet, but I am speaking from my heart every day and so far, it seems to be working.
I watch as she pulls out the items in her gift basket, smelling them, smiling over them, passing them to Lacey so she can smell them too. Kai and I relax, knowing that our plan is working. She is accepting our gifts every day. She is accepting us.
Everyone begins to head back to their tables, and I begin to eat my lunch. I’m smirking at Chase when the smell hits my nose, and I see Nash, Chase’s wolf, push forward at the same time that I feel Kai pushing forward. It’s the smell of a bloody battle.
I look to the front door as I stand, Chase right beside me. The sight before me has my hackles raising and Kai snarling viciously in my head. A low growl leaves my lips and Chase puts a restraining hand on my arm.
Liam walks in with a huge bear slung over his shoulders. There can be no
mistaking his intentions. He knew I was staking my claim and he is now publicly staking his own. He walks right up to Cara. She seems shocked at his appearance. I think the entire
+15 BONOS
looking like he just got out of a battle for his life.
“I bring an offering for Artemis.” Cyran states, dropping the bear at her feet. I can see Artemis has pushed Cara completely out as her eyes are the bright shining gold of the sun. As angry as I am, I can not help but admire the beauty of
her eyes.
My fury ratchets up when I hear her purring Cyran’s name. Kai begins fighting me for control. ‘I will kill him! She is ours! He can not have her."
It takes everything in me to maintain control of him. He’s never been like this. He and I have always been in agreement about everything. But he’s seeing red and all he wants is to kill Cyran and show Artemis that we are the stronger Alpha.
I'm still fighting Kai, when I hear Artemis say that she accepts his gift. I look up and see her hand on his chest and that’s when
Kai blows past my defenses and a snarling challenge erupts out of my mouth.
The cheers of the room die down immediately and Chase is in front of me, trying to talk Kai down. A couple of my other warriors come to his aid, but Kai is having none of it. His canines extend and his claws come out. My whole body is shaking. with my effort to maintain at least a small amount of control. I know that if Kai forces the shift, Cyran will too and it can only be a battle to the death at that point.
GET IT NOW +15 BONOS
###Chapter 29
I watch as Cyran reacts to Kai’s challenge. Cara turns and I can see that she is taking control of Artemis, which is good. Artemis won't mind two Alphas fighting over her. But that is the last thing we need right now, and Cara knows it.
Cyran starts to push Cara behind him, about to accept my challenge. His canines and claws are extended. I watch as she turns and puts both hands on his chest. Kai is about to lose it and it’s all I can do to help Chase get us outside.
Chase and several of my warriors finally get me outside and Kai continues to snarl and fight against them.
Chase gets up in my face, “ALPHA! Think about what you are doing. Get out of here and go for a run. There is no other way that this does not end in a battle of two packs with many students dead.” He stresses the word students, trying to get through to Kai. “We'll stay and make sure nothing happens here. Go get yourself under control.”
I'm able to get just enough control of Kai to turn and run toward the forest. As soon as I hit the tree line, I shift. We run for hours before I finally feel able to return to the packhouse. I’ve missed training and as I walk in, Chase is waiting for me. I shift and walk over to him. He holds out a pair of shorts.
“How are you?” ‘Better. Thank you for earlier. Was there any backlash?”
“Nah. Cara calmed Liam down, he left with his bear, and everyone went back to normal. Although the betting odds have definitely ramped up in your favor, and for some ridiculous reason, mine. I guess everyone thinks you fight my battles for me.”
I scoff. “As if you need me fighting your battles for you.” He slaps me on the shoulder. Then his look turns serious. “That was awfully close today.”
“Yeah. Too close.” I look at my Beta scrubbing my face with my hands. “I think she might be my mate.” His eyes go wide and he whistles low. “Seriously?” “Yeah. Kai has never acted like this. Never been this...” I search for the right word. “Territorial. Possessive.”
“I've watched girls I’ve hooked up with the night before practically going at it with another guy the next night and Kai wasn’t phased at all. But with her, and
+15 BONOS
her, talking to her and I sure as shit don’t want him touching her. Kai was. snarling the minute he walked in with that bear, but when she accepted his offering, Kai lost it. He wants her and he sees Liam and Cyran as a threat to getting what he wants.”
“Can I ask you a question?”
“Yeah.”
“I mean this with the utmost respect, so please, know that I am asking as your friend.” I give him an ‘out with it‘ gesture when he pauses.
“Do you think it might be because she is a Guardian, not because she’s your mate? She’s a powerful she—wolf. Any male wolf would want her. Hell, even Nash recognizes that she would be one hell of a mate.”
Alow growl rumbles in my chest and Chase puts his hands up in a surrendering gesture. “I’m not staking any kind of claim, I’m just saying, our wolves respect strength and power and she has both. As an Alpha wolf, it would make sense that Kai would want her for those reasons.”
I reach out to Kai, but he doesn’t have an answer for me. He probably won't until after my birthday, or maybe not until her birthday in a couple of months.
“I honestly don’t know Chase. I guess we'll have to wait and see.” With that, I head up to my room. For the first time ever, I will not be joining my mother at Lily’s memorial site. I need to go see Cara. I need to make sure that she is ok and that I didn’t ruin everything with her today.
Cooper Author Liam and Rik can’t both be her mate- so who wants her as a mate and who wants her as a Guardian? Or maybe, they +15 BONOS
###Chapter 30
Chapter 0030 heels himself into the living room. “Hey sweetheart, what's today’s offering?” He says with a grin.
I sigh. “I'll tell you, but we need to talk. It’s really important. You know I wouldn't interrupt training if it wasn’t, but we need to have this conversation before Alpha Anders comes by tonight.”
“Of course. Let’s go sit in the living room and you can tell me what’s going on.
I sit, and dad wheels himself in front of me to give me his undivided attention. I start at the beginning, telling him about the gift basket. I tell him how the cards. have gotten more bold each day, starting with Monday’s guessing game to today’s professing his desire to be the one who takes care of me.
‘Sweetheart, it’s not uncommon for Guardians to have males attempting to claim their love or favor. Your mother had many men trying to gain her favor in her day and your birthday is in a couple of months. I’m not sure I understand what the concern is.”
“Dad, almost immediately after I opened my gift, Alpha Liam walked into the cafeteria with a huge black bear on his shoulders. He looked like he’d just come from fighting and killing the creature. He even still smelled of blood and fighting. Cyran announced to the cafeteria that he brought the bear as an offering for Artemis.”
My dad whistles appreciatively and starts to speak, but I cut him off.
“That’s not all dad. When Artemis accepted Cyran’s offering, Kai snarled a challenge. I’m not sure why he did it, maybe he felt that Liam and Cyran were being disrespectful to his packmate that is sending me the offerings, but either way, if Chase hadn’t pulled him out of the building and I hadn’t distracted Cyran, they would have fought. Over ME! It was bad.”
My dad looks at me thoughtfully for a minute. “And you don’t know why Kai issued the challenge to Cyran?' He asks. +15 BONOS
“No idea. But Liam is serious in his desire to have me as his Luna. We talked about it last week. He knows I’m waiting for my mate, but he also thinks HE is my mate, so he’s perfectly happy to wait. That is, until someone else started putting a claim on Artemis and L.”
“Cara, have you considered that Rik is your mystery man? Maybe he is the one that is staking his claim and Alpha Liam recognized it as real competition.”
“Dad, I hate to break it to you, but Rik doesn’t even know who I am.”
“Why would you say that Cara?”
“Because, he had the nerve to walk up to me in school and ask me my name and what pack I was from.” My father looks dumbfounded for a minute before regaining his composure.
“So, who else is in the running?”
“I had Jason check the betting pool, since you know there was one.”
Dad smirks, “Of course.”
“So the short list was Rik, Chase, Liam, Trevor and Jason.” I scrunch up my nose when I say Jason’s name. My dad just raises a brow in question.
“It's not Jason Dad. He’s my best friend and even he thought it was sort of gross and stupid to be in the top 5.” I sat thoughtfully for a minute. “We can remove Liam, and Rik, so that leaves Chase and Trevor as the biggest possibilities. I've never gotten any vibes from Chase, so I honestly don’t see it. That leaves Trevor.”
I look at my dad. His gaze is far away as he looks out into our backyard.
Turning back, he voice is thoughtful when he responds, “Trevor is a good bet. He’s a strong warrior and would want a strong mate. But I don’t see Alpha Rik challenging Alpha Liam because of a perceived slight. It’s common enough for males to fight over Alpha females that it doesn’t make sense for him to act that way.” His focus returns to me. “So, how did it end?”
“Well...” I drag the word out into as many syllables as possible while my father’s face becomes even more inquisitive. “I had to distract Cyran from fighting Kai while Chase and some of the Canyon Ridge warriors pulled Rik out of the cafeteria, s "I take a deep breath and say it all as fast as I can. “I sort of invited Liam to train with you and I tomorrow and then stay for dinner to have bear steaks or whatever you make with bear meat.”
+15 BOND I make a face, waiting for my father’s backlash. But instead of him being angry he bursts out laughing.
“You're telling me I’m going to be training one of the strongest Alphas tomorrow along with the strongest warrior on the planet?” I open my eyes and nod. He rubs his hands together in anticipation. “I can’t WAIT!”
Ok, now I’m shocked. “Really? You’re not mad?”
Mad? The one you should be worried about it is Anders. He’s been trying to get me to train his warriors for years and now I’m going to be training the Alpha of another pack. Yeah, good luck explaining that one tonight.”
“Wait. What? Why do we even have to say anything at all? He doesn’t even have to know!” I’m back peddling and I know it. Of course Alpha Anders will need to know that another Alpha is coming to visit one of his pack members tomorrow, a
My father just chuckles and pats my shoulder as he wheels past me. “Oh I can’t wait to see his face. Tonight is going to be fun. First his son almost starts a war over my daughter and then my daughter invites another Alpha over to her warrior training.” Ok, when he says it like that, it sounds terrible!
“Um...” I follow my father into the kitchen. “I have so much homework, I think I need to skip dinner tonight and...”
He doesn’t even let me finish. “Not a chance! You’re a Guardian, not a coward. Besides, I'll be very interested to get Anders‘ take on what is happening and why he thinks his son reacted the way he did, won’t you? My guess is, being the involved Alpha that he is, he already knows, or has a good idea of who your mystery man is.”
I hadn’t thought of that. This could be a good way for me to get the answers I need! “Fine, what do you need help with for dinner? And speaking of, do you even know how to cook bear meat?”
“I'm guessing Alpha Liam will bring over steaks or ribs. Either way, I'll throw them on the grill. It's meat Cara. I can cook just about any kind of meat on the them on the grill. Its meat Cara. I can cook ju
grill.”
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 31
About an hour later, I hear Alpha Anders knock on the front door. My dad gives me a look and starts wheeling out back to light up the grill. I roll my eyes and head to the front door.
“Good evening Anders. How are you doing today?” “Good evening Cara. I’m well, how about you?” “Doing well, thank you. Please come in. Dad is out back getting the grill fired up.”
He hands me tonight's dessert, it smells like chocolate cheesecake, yum; and a six -pack of beer, pulling two out on his way to go see my father.
I put the dessert in the fridge after ensuring that it was indeed cheesecake. Dad is putting baked potatoes on the grill, so I’m only responsible for vegetables tonight. I’ve opted for a broccoli and cheese casserole. I figured that would go nicely on its own, or over the potatoes.
Dad and Anders walk back in and Anders sees my gift basket sitting on the island in the kitchen.
“What do we have here?” He asks. Looking at me he says, “Let me guess, this is a gift from the mystery man I’ve been hearing so much about.”
“Itis.” I reply as he takes a look inside. He holds up the card and asks, “May I?”
I don’t really want to say yes, but he’s my Alpha and I want his help figuring out who my mystery man is. Also, it may be helpful when I come clean about the near altercation between Rik and Liam earlier if he understands how serious my secret admirer really is.
He reads the card and his reaction mirrors my father’s earlier with a low, appreciative whistle. “This guy sounds serious. Have you figured out who he is yet?”
My dad is watching me, letting me take the lead. “Not yet. There are some possible contenders, but I haven’t been able to pinpoint exactly who it is.”
“Who are the contenders?”
I give him the list, eliminating Jason and Liam, but leaving Rik in based on my conversation with dad earlier. “Well, you're a smart girl Cara. I’m sure you'll figure out who it is very soon.” he
12
+15 RONGS
“About that, did you happen to hear about what happened today? Maybe you've spoken to Alpha Rik?”
Anders looks at me questioningly, “No, I have been outside the pack territory dealing with rogue attacks in a neighboring pack all day.” He looks between my father and 1, and something passes between them making Anders give me hist laser focus. “What did I miss?”
I give him the condensed version of what happened today. His thoughtful look becomes concerned when I get to the part where Rik had to be removed and I had to de-escalate Liam.
“Rik challenged Liam. Over you.” It’s more of a statement than a question. I feel the weight of what he’s asking me through the question. ‘My son almost started a war because of you?’ is the real question.
I gulp, feeling guilty over the situation, even though I didn’t create it. “Well, technically, it was Kai that challenged Cyran, but yes.”
“Anything else I need to know?”
I look at my father who hasn’t taken his eyes off Alpha Anders. “Well, I sort of invited Liam to train with me and dad tomorrow in order to distract him from responding to the challenge.”
I tense up, waiting for Alpha Anders to respond.
He turns slowly to look at my dad. “You mean to tell me, that you are going to train an Alpha from another pack, but you won't come help me train our own warriors?”
My dad shrugs, evidently not concerned at all by the Alpha aura that is pushing out of Anders. He’s not happy and he’s making it known.
“My daughter saved a battle and possibly a war which was started, intentionally or not, by your son. I’d think you’d be happy that one night of training is all that it cost you.” Again, there is a silent conversation between the two of them.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 32
Chapter 0032 Anders‘ aura recedes and he relaxes. “You're right, of course, old friend. I am happy that all it cost me was one night of training”
I breathed a sigh of relief that was short lived when he turned his focus back to me. “So, Cara, why is it, especially after that display today, that you don’t think it’s my son sending those gifts to you?”
I shifted my feet, looking anywhere but at Alpha Anders. I didn’t want to admit to him how much it hurt that his son doesn’t know who I am, and most likely who my mother and father are. And I didn’t want Anders telling his son because he knows how insulted lam. Rik should have known for years who I am.
“I'd rather not say Alpha.”
He gives me a long, hard look before my father jumps to my rescue. “Anders, why don’t you give me a hand with these steaks.” He hands the plate of steaks to Anders until he finally looks away from me to my father. “Sure thing, Clint.”
Over dinner, Dad asks about the rogue issue. Anders begins telling us of the significant rise in rogue attacks over the last several months. Dad mentions that he has noticed the increase in patrols, but didn’t realize that our borders had also been breached on occasion. They discussed what Dad and I can do to assist. “You know what I want Clint.”
They look at each other again with their speechless conversation before my father finally responds, “I'll think about it.”
That got a smile from Alpha Anders and the rest of the meal went well. We had the chocolate cheesecake and I asked Alpha Anders to please tell Luna Calista how much I appreciate her desserts each week. He told me to come by the packhouse sometime and tell her myself. I promised that I would, especially since I'll be there on Saturday for the big party.
Instead of staying to watch TV with my dad, Alpha Anders said he needed to go speak to his son and to call Alpha Liam to ensure that their alliance is still intact and that he doesn’t have to do any damage control.
We said goodnight and I watched as he walked off toward the forest heading back. toward the packhouse, 1 Anders +15 BONOS
I knew my son was in the forest outside the Nelson’s home. I sensed it when Rik arrived, shortly after I got to Clint’s home. I also knew that he was listening in on the conversation. Rik had mindinked me, letting me know that there was no issue with Alpha Liam when he heard Cara telling me of today’s events.
When I asked why she thought it wasn’t Rik that was giving the gifts, I was shocked that she wouldn’t tell me. To me, it was obvious that Rik is the one staking his claim on our Guardian, but she seemed adamant that it’s not him. Why?
Rik was also silent on the matter and I need to find out if he has offended our Guardian. I knew there was more to Clint’s comment about it only costing me one night of training. Now I’m wondering if the damage that Rik has done is irreparable. That will be a big problem if Cara ends up being his mate but she chooses Liam instead. Not only will it weaken Rik and Kai, it will weaken the pack. And, it would make Liam’s pack the largest and the strongest. And if that offense causes a rift between our packs, it can only mean bad things for Canyon. Ridge. Because as much as Clint and I are bonded and have been bonded most of our lives, I know he will always choose his daughter over me and this pack.
I walk up to my son in his wolf form. Zakai, my wolf, pushes forward. “Son, we need to talk.” Cooper
Author
What did you think of Anders‘ perspective? 18 > +15 BONOS
###Chapter 33
I shift into my wolf form and run to Cara’s house. I stop at the edge of the forest line. I can smell the charcoal of the grill and can hear my dad and Mr. Nelson’s. voices on the breeze. As I listen, they move back inside and I creep closer, using the outdoor training center to hide me and my scent so I can listen in. If Cara is upset or angry about today, I need to make it right.
Kai is ready to burst into the house and let her know we are the ones who want to claim her, but I hold him back.
I hear Dad asking about the gift and letting her know that he’s heard of her mystery man. SHIT! If dad has heard about that, then he’ll be wondering why I haven’t said a word about it. I’ll have to figure out something to say to him soon.
I hear Dad ask permission for something and I’m guessing he wants to read the card. I know I’m right when he asks if she’s figured out who her mystery man is yet. I listen and realize that she knows the betting odds, but has eliminated Liam and Jason. Makes sense, Jason is only a friend and Liam, well, he pretty much excluded himself with his actions today.
Then I hear her ask if my father heard about what happened today. My hackles rise when I hear him angrily asking if I challenged Liam over her. I open the mindlink, letting him know there is no problem with Liam. I’m hoping that’s true. I haven’t actually checked myself, only went by what Chase has told me.
And then I get the kick to the gut. Liam is coming over to train with her tomorrow. It’s a great honor. One I’d just about give my nuts for. No wonder Liam didn’t follow me outside. Cara had done exactly what needed to be done to de-escalate the situation. But because of Kai’s possessiveness and my inability to keep a hold of him, Liam was now going to be able to spend time with my girl. And not just any time, special training time. I knew Dad wanted Mr. Nelson to train our warriors. He’s wanted it for years, ever since I could remember. It had to be a bitter pill to swallow to know that Mr. Nelson would now be training Liam personally, because of me.
Kai is growling in my head. ‘Shut up!” This is all your fault. He wouldn’t be coming over here tomorrow if you hadn't lost control.” I yell at my wolf.
“Wrong!” He replies. ‘He needs to realize that she is ours and that he will never have her.’ I grit my teeth and pull him back so I can continue to listen.
I tune in just in time to hear Mr. Nelson put dad in his place. Unfortunately, the threat in his words is clear. Giving up one day of training was nothing to possibly
1/2 +15 BONOS
Kai whines in my head at the thought. ‘We have to be smarter, Kai. If you really want her, we have to show that we are the better option. We have to be better than Liam. He has the advantage, they have a longer, stronger relationship than we do. So don’t screw it up again, or it may be the last time. Even if she is our mate, she could reject us for him if she doesn’t find us worthy.‘ Kai lays down in my head, not agreeing, but not disagreeing either. The thought of losing Cara and Artemis is hurtful to both of us.
Nr. Nelson’s next words shock me though. He agrees to think about training our warriors. That is huge and my dad seems to be happy with this progress.
I laid down and listened while dad told them about the increased rogues in the neighboring pack. I haven’t spoken to my father today, so I wasn’t aware that other packs were also struggling with increased rogue attacks and the one today. seemed especially problematic.
When dad said he had to leave to speak with me and do damage control with Liam, I knew he was coming to chat with me, so I headed back to the forest.
When dad walks up, I see his eyes start to bleed to black, letting me know Zakai was coming forward. “Son, we need to talk. Shift back.”
+15 BONOS Chapter 0034
I do as requested. I find an extra pair of clothes in a hollowed area of a nearby tree and put some shorts on then step back out to speak to my father.
“Want to tell me why an intelligent, gifted Guardian who is a member of our pack doesn’t think my son, the future alpha, would be interested enough in her to be staking a very public claim?*.
I turn and begin heading toward the packhouse, pulling my thoughts together. before speaking. “You and mom have raised me to know who Cara Nelson is. I’ve known my whole life what we owe that family and what they have sacrificed for us.” I turn to look him in the eye. “What neither of you ever actually did was make sure I knew who Cara Nelson, the person, is.”
My dad continues to stay silent, so I take that as my queue to continue. “So, last week, I saw her in school. There was something about her.” I run my hand through my hair. “I didn’t know who she was. But I was drawn to her, so I went up to her and introduced myself. I asked her what her name was and what pack she belonged to.”
When I looked back up, my dad was just staring at me. This time I waited him out. “I'm guessing that didn’t go well?” he asks.
“About as well as you would expect,” I replied.
“And so this week of gifts is... what? An apology?”
“Yes and no,” I respond. “At first, that was how it started. I wanted her to know that I know who she is and that I appreciate her and her family for everything they have given us. But then Kai wanted more. Each day when I wrote the cards. for her, I put more of my intent to not only claim her but to let her know that I want her. That we want her to be ours.”
“And Kai is sure that he wants her?” “Yes, he’s been very clear and I have checked with him several times this week so I wasn’t making false promises.
I wait a beat and then voice the concern that Chase brought up earlier tonight. Could it be that Kai’s attracted to her as a Guardian rather than a mate, dad?”
Dad looked thoughtful as he stared out into the dark night. “I don’t think it’s because she’s a Guardian. You’ve been in the same schools all your life and you are just now noticing her, right before your 18th birthday. I think maybe Kai is
-15 BONGS
###Chapter 34
I do as requested. I find an extra pair of clothes in a hollowed area of a nearby tree and put some shorts on then step back out to speak to my father.
“Want to tell me why an intelligent, gifted Guardian who is a member of our pack doesn’t think my son, the future alpha, would be interested enough in her to be staking a very public claim?”
1 turn and begin heading toward the packhouse, pulling my thoughts together before speaking. “You and mom have raised me to know who Cara Nelson is. I’ve known my whole life what we owe that family and what they have sacrificed for us.” 1 turn to look him in the eye. “What neither of you ever actually did was make sure I knew who Cara Nelson, the person, is.”
My dad continues to stay silent, so I take that as my queue to continue. “So, last week, I saw her in school. There was something about her.” I run my hand through my hair. “I didn’t know who she was. But I was drawn to her, so I went. up to her and introduced myself. I asked her what her name was and what pack she belonged to.”
When I looked back up, my dad was just staring at me. This time I waited him out. “I'm guessing that didn’t go well?” he asks.
“About as well as you would expect,” I replied.
“And so this week of gifts is... what? An apology?”
“Yes and no,” I respond. “At first, that was how it started. I wanted her to know that I know who she is and that I appreciate her and her family for everything they have given us. But then Kai wanted more. Each day when I wrote the cards. for her, I put more of my intent to not only claim her but to let her know that I want her. That we want her to be ours.
“And Kai is sure that he wants her?” “Yes, he’s been very clear and I have checked with him several times this week so I wasn’t making false promises.”
I wait a beat and then voice the concern that Chase brought up earlier tonight. Could it be that Kai’s attracted to heras a Guardian rather than a mate, dad?”
Dad looked thoughtful as he stared out into the dark night. “I don’t think it’s because she’s a Guardian. You’ve been in the same schools all your life and you are just now noticing her, right before your 18th birthday. I think maybe Kai is
1/2 +15 BONOS I released a breath I didn’t know I was holding.
Before I could speak, dad asked, “So what’s your plan? You have two days left until your birthday. Is that when you are going to reveal that you are her secret admirer?”
“Yes, that’s my plan. I have one more gift to give her tomorrow and then I have a dress to be delivered to her on Saturday for the party.”
“What's tomorrow's gift?” When I tell him, he stares at me in shock. “Son, how did you even pull that off?” “I called in a favor.” I smirk at him. “That's one hell of a favor.”
“It is, but she’s worth it. And on Saturday, at my party, I’ve already worked it out with mom how I will show her that this week, it was me. “Mom doesn’t know that’s what I have planned, she’s just excited that I’m showing an interest in my party.” We both laugh and start walking again toward the packhouse.
“You know Liam will be at the party on Saturday as well, right son?” “I do. I know they have a history, although I’m not sure how extensive it is. I also know she won't turn 18 for a couple more months, so that gives me time to work my magic and let her know that I’m serious about wanting her.”
I hate that he will get special, privileged time with her tomorrow, but I’m hoping my gift overshadows that a bit. I've saved the best for last. There’s no way she won't be impressed.
Cooper Author What could Rik’s final gift be? Any thoughts? +15 BONOS
###Chapter 35
As happy as I was that it was Friday, I was terrified of another public display of wills between Alphas. I could only hope that my offer to Liam of training and dinner helped him feel calm enough that he didn’t show up at school again today.
By lunch time, I was a nervous wreck. Not only was everyone, and I mean EVERYONE at the school talking about what happened yesterday (even two teachers asked if I had a preference for one of the Alphas. Seriously), but what if my mystery man was scared off? Or worse, what if he wasn’t and Liam showed up again?
When I walked into the cafeteria, I wasn’t sure if I was relieved or hurt that no one was waiting for me.
Artemis piped up in my head, ‘If Liam scared him off, he wasn’t worthy of us anyway.’ In some ways, I don’t disagree. Artemis is a very powerful wolf and needs a powerful wolf for a mate, but I also know that Liam is a strong and powerful Alpha. He intimidates almost everyone. ‘Almost being the operative word,’ she retorts.
I get my food and join Lacey and Jason at our table. “So, I guess Alpha Liam scared off your mystery man.” Lacey says.
I shrug, not really knowing what to say. There is no gift. Was that intentional, or was no gift planned today? Or maybe, because it was Friday it was planned for the end of the day. It was anyone’s guess.
As we are talking, a hush and then a loud buzz of chatter begins in the room. It look up to see the most beautiful, delicate, exquisite man I have ever seen. He was easily seven feet tall, but lean and lithe in a flowing gown that seemed to float around him as he glided over to me. A deep, melodic voice asks, “Cara Nelson?”
I nod, yes, because I can’t get my mouth to work. He must be a fae. I've never seen one before, they are rare and almost never interact with werewolves, but he looks exactly like what I would expect a male fae to look like.
In his hands, he has a gift, wrapped in plain brown paper and tied with twine. ” This is for you,” and he hands me the gift. I look up at him. “Thank you. Is there a card?”
He arches an arrogant eyebrow at my question. “It requires none.” And he turns. on his heel to leave. Before he exits, he states loudly, “My debt is paid in full.” And he walks out.
1/2 +15 BONOS
I stare down at the gift in my hands. For some reason, the lack of a card and decorative wrapping has me nervous of what this could be. I untie the twine and open the wrapping. I gasp and my hand flies to my mouth. I am in awe.
After a minute, I reach out a shaking hand to touch the leather cover of the tome. In elegant writing that looks like it was burned into the leather the title reads: The History of the Guardian. There is exactly one version of this book in the world, and it is now in my possession. I know my father has searched for this book for decades and has never been able to find it, but my mystery man has found it and given it to me. I feel tears prick my eyes at such a priceless gift.
“Thank you.” I whisper, but since you can hear a pin drop in the room, I know my suitor can hear me. I clutch the book to my chest. I need to get this home to my father. It’s too precious to even have with me at school the rest of the day. As the bell rings, I finally look around to see others with a questioning look on their face. Everyone wants to know what the
gift is so they can understand my response. My eyes meet glaciers and I am locked into his gaze. He doesn’t look surprised or like he’s wondering what I received. He looks..... happy. With my response? I have no idea.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 36
Did he get this for me? Why? He doesn’t even know who I am. Does he? Could this be a way for him to stake a claim because Liam did? It could explain his response to Liam yesterday if he felt the need to claim what another Alpha wants.
The gift today is different from the others. It wasn’t brought by a delivery person, but the fae that owed the favor. That, in and of itself, means my gift giver is special. And there is no card, so perhaps this gift is not from the original gift. giver, but a new suitor.
As I watch, Rik inclines his head slightly in my direction, as if to say ‘You're welcome.”
I don’t know what to do with that, so I collect my things, holding the tome close to my chest. I let Jason know that I have to leave and he can come with me now or catch a ride later. He opts to catch a ride later, and I head home to show dad this amazing gift.
It's so much more than I ever expected. Someone has shown me that they see me for who I am. A Guardian, who wants to know my history and roots, to understand who I am and where I come from. To be the best that I can be. I feel as if my soul has been made bare to this person, and I don’t even know who it is.
Could it really be Alpha Rik? And if so, when and how did he realize who I am?
When I arrive home, Dad isn’t in the house. I listen in and hear him in the indoor training facility. After dropping my bag in the kitchen, I follow the sounds that he is making, still clutching my book to my chest.
When I walk in, I nearly forget why I came out here. Dad is blasting the stereo while he is creating something that looks like it came off the set of American Ninja Warriors. I have no idea how he has even put this together, but apparently dad is taking the whole ‘training an Alpha‘ to a new level. It looks like, not only will I be competing against Liam, but we'll be on the clock to see who the ultimate winner will be. I can’t help the smile that spreads across my face. Tonight is going to be fun.
I'm still looking around when the music cuts out. “Cara? What are you doing home so early?”
I turn to look at my dad, “What is all this?”
He smiles a smug smile. “If I’m going to be training an Alpha and a Guardian, I figured I'd better up my game.” +15 BONOS
He turns his gaze back to me. “Now, why are you home?”
I don’t say anything, I just walk over to him and hand him the tome of our history. He looks down and goes completely still when he sees the title on the cover. In a whisper, he asks, “Where did you get this?”
I tell him of the fae man who brought it to me, the statement of the debt repayment, the lack of adornment in decoration and that there was no card.
My father still looks dumbstruck as he reverently slides his hand over the leather book cover. He then looks up at me. “Do you know what this means?”
It means that we can find out if there are secret powers known only to the Guardians that dad and I possess. It means we can finally learn how the Guardians came about and if we are the last two alive in the world. It means, we will finally have answers to all of our questions.
I smile, “I do. But dad?” I pause until he looks at me. “Now I have a serious. problem, because whoever did this for me is very serious about wanting Artemis and me and now, I’m not sure I can or want to resist.”
Cooper
Author
Nice job Rik! That was an amazing gift. I wonder how ninja warrior training will go 24
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 37
Dad and I head back inside to prepare for Alpha Liam’s arrival. While dad wheels. to his room to get a shower, I begin to make a bread pudding with bourbon sauce, which should go nicely with coffee after a hard workout and dinner. Does bread pudding pair nicely with bear? Not a clue, but I’ll find out. Once the bread pudding is in the oven, I start grating potatoes and cheese to make an au gratin. I find some spinach in the fridge and decide on sauteed spinach with onions and garlic to finish off our meal. I can wait to start that until dad has the bear meat started.
I head upstairs to change into my workout clothes. As I am heading downstairs, there is a knock at the door. I can smell Liam’s scent before I open the door. He smells of the forest after the rain, fresh and clean and wild.
I open the door and I’m surprised to see that he has a bouquet of wildflowers in one hand and not surprised to see a giant cooler in the other being balanced in his hand against his shoulder. I quickly grab the flowers from him so he can focus on the cooler. I step aside to let him in and he leans down to place a gentle kiss on my lips as he passes by on his way to the kitchen.
I'm sniffing the flowers as I follow him into the kitchen. “Where in the world did you find flowers in late January?”
He turns to me with a smile. “They are called Winter Aconite and they grow wild in my territory. Every time I see them, the beautiful yellow color reminds me of Artemis’s eyes.” At that, Artemis pushes forward to show off the color of her eyes. Liam steps closer to me, putting his hands on my hips, his eyes darkening with Cyran pushing forward. “There they are, those beautiful eyes that I love.”
Before things can go any further, I hear dad wheeling into the living room. Alpha Liam I presume.” LL
As Liam steps away to greet my father, I put the flowers in water. I notice that Cyran stays forward as Liam walks to my father and extends his hand. “Warrior Nelson. It is an honor to meet you sir.”
Dad reaches his hand out and shakes Liam’s. “A polite and respectful Alpha. I like you already.”
“But, I hope you don’t think that means that I'll go easy on you Alpha. Since I found out yesterday that I’d get to train you, I have been thinking of ways to ensure you get the best workout of your life today.”
“The honor is mine sir and I would expect nothing less from the greatest warrior
+15 BONOS
“Flattery will get you nowhere son. Are you ready to start?” Liam grins at dad and turns to me, “Ready when you are Cara.” “Then let’s go.”
For the next two hours, Dad put us through our paces. Training with Liam is a lot different than training with our warriors. Warriors are strong and know how to fight, it is their job after all. But there is a reason that Alphas lead the pack. Liam was incredible. Strong, powerful, fast, agile, but always in control. I wasn’t sure about Liam, but for me, this is the toughest workout I can ever remember having.
Dad is a great instructor. When Liam would best me, he’d stop us and talk it through, telling me how to get out of his grip or avoid getting caught again, playing to strengths and using Liam’s against him.
The same would happen when I bested Liam. Dad would give him pointers on how best to use his strength to escape a hold or avoid it altogether. Towards the end, we were both panting, trying to catch our breath.
Dad then decides it’s ninja warrior time. After we both guzzle some water, he calls us over to the obstacle course. I can see the gleam in Liam's eyes. He was hoping to try this out today.
Dad sets the expectation. We will both start at the same time. We will be competing to reach the end first but we both have to go through the same obstacles. The obstacles are designed to test your upper body strength, lower body strength, core strength, speed, agility, you name it, dad had it set up in this masochistic obstacle course.
After establishing the rules and how to win, dad asked if there were any
questions. Liam turns to look at me, “Yeah, how many times have you run this course, little badass?” I give him a fake offended look, “In the interest of fairness, Alpha, this is my first time.”
“Fair enough” and he reaches out to shake my hand. “May the best badass win.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 38
Chapter 0038 “Oh, I’m winning alright.” I retort as we head to the starting line.
We get set and dad shoots a starter gun. We both take off like a shot, climbing up to the first obstacle. The first one is primarily upper body strength. I’m strong, but not as strong as Liam and he gets ahead of me. The next obstacle is balance. I cream him here and not only catch up, but get ahead as he falls and has to climb back up. The next obstacle is core strength mixed with upper body as we have to swing from bar to bar and also judge the distance so we don't fall, similar to a flying trapeze, only there are multiple shapes. I can feel Liam catching up to me, so I take a chance and rather than catching onto the circular ring, I arrow myself through it and catch the next bar, swinging myself onto the ramp and running to the next obstacle. From there, s come swinging off the walls to knock us to the ground. This requires a combination of agility and balance. Liam and I are neck and neck when we finish this one. Next up is the rope ladder that takes us nearly to the roof and a balance beam that is only about 2 inches wide. We run across, both of us nearly losing our footing before jumping to the slide, sliding back to the ground then racing to the finish line. We both hit the buzzer sounding that we won at the same time. We tied.
We look at each other, sucking in air like we’re about to pass out and then we both start laughing, falling to the ground. I lay on my back and Liam sits with his arms around his knees, both of us trying to catch our breath.
“Nice job you two. When you catch your breath, I'll meet you inside.” Liam recovers faster than I do and leans over me. “I'd say we're pretty evenly matched, wouldn’t you?” I look into his beautiful sage green eyes and smile. “I almost had you.”
He smirks back, “Almost doesn’t count, beautiful.” He leans in and gently kisses my lips. I respond instantly, my hand going to his hair.
Liam takes this as approval and deepens the kiss as I moan softly. He nips my bottom lip requesting entrance to my mouth. When I open, he wastes no time sliding his tongue inside, seeking mine. Our tongues fight for dominance again, and he wins, taking this opportunity to slide his hand under my tank top so he is touching skin. A shiver of pleasure runs through my body and a possessive growl rumbles through his body, causing my nipples to harden in pleasure. His hand begins to graze the bottom of my sports bra and he moves closer so his body is laying beside mine and I can feel the heat of him through our clothes.
+15 BONOS
He leans over me, sliding one leg in between mine. I can feel his hard length against my thigh. It’s considerably larger than I was expecting, having nothing to compare it to. But if I'm being honest, even just feeling it, I’m not sure how that monster would ever fit inside me. Before I can go too far down that road, Liam runs his thumb over my pebbled nipple and my back arches involuntarily as I gasp in pleasure. That feeling goes straight to my core, causing heat to pool between my legs.
Liam moves to kissing my neck, and I feel him taking deep breaths. I know he can smell my arousal. “You smell so fucking good baby.” I would respond, but I’m overwhelmed with the rush of sensations I’m feeling. I've masturbated before, sure, but that never felt like this.
I feel Liam's canines graze my marking spot and I stiffen in his arms. “Liam.”
He pulls himself away from my neck. “I know, baby. We need to stop before I get too carried away. But damn, you smell so good.” He watches me as he runs his thumb over my nipple again and I’m not sure what he sees in my eyes but my lips. part and it elicits another growl from him, causing me to moan in pleasure again.
He groans, pulling away from me. “Come on baby, if we stay like this for another minute, I'll be tempted to skip dinner and have you for dessert.” He hops up to his feet and extends his hand to me. I take it and he pulls me to my feet, pulling my tank top back down.
He takes my face in his hands, kissing me gently. “You will be the death of me. He takes my hand and leads me back toward the house. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 39
Chapter 0039 It's Friday and I’m really excited about today’s gift. It took a lot for me to get it, and even pulling strings, I still had to fight for it..
After yesterday, I’m getting all kinds of side eyed looks from both my pack. members and Liam’s. There is no issue between our packs and it needs to stay that way, so I don’t say anything, just put on my arrogant Alpha face and continue walking.
I'm at my locker getting books for class, not really paying attention, when hands. come around me from the back and slide across my abdomen. I can tell by the scent of rosewater that it’s Sheila. Have I mentioned I’m not a huge fan of the scent of rosewater?
“Alpha, I’ve missed you.” One hand slides down the inside of my jeans to where she can touch me. “It’s Friday and I was wondering if you'd like to party tonight. We had so much fun last week.”
week, this would have been a completely welcome offering of a good fuck. Today it doesn’t even cause my dick to twitch. Not only is my body not responsive, but the last thing I need is Cara seeing me like this and taking it
wrong.
I grab Sheila’s hand pulling it out of my jeans as I step out of her embrace. ” Sheila. Nice to see you, but I have to get to class. As you might remember, tomorrow is my birthday, so I won’t be doing any partying tonight.
“So, I'll see you tomorrow, Alpha, at your party?” She states as I start to walk away. “Sure.” I say to get her to go away. I don’t hear whatever else she says or see her smug smile as she turns to her friends.
The time is crawling today. By the time lunch rolls around, I’m nearly desperate to see Cara's reaction to my gift. ‘She’s going to love it.‘ Kai reassures me.
‘I hope so, I'd hate to think we used our favor for something that she didn’t even like.‘
‘Rik, it's a perfect gift, trust me. It tells her we know who she is, understand what she needs and wants and that we value her for the person and wolf that she is.
‘Ailduin wasn’t thrilled to part with the book.‘
‘He would have been less thrilled if his son had died in that explosion three years ago.’ Kai remarks. +15 BONOS
“Which is why I know he'll deliver today.”
I watch as Cara enters. I can tell she thinks that her suitor was scared off by Liam yesterday. Not a chance Little Guardian. I’m here to stay. She looks disappointed until the room goes quiet and then the buzz of chatter starts almost immediately. Most wolves have never seen a fae. They are rare and don’t particularly like werewolves, feeling that our lives are too violent. They prefer to live peaceful lives among the humans, typically identified as ‘tree—huggers, hippies or free spirits’. For wolves, there is no peaceful life among humans, not unless we hide who we really are.
I watch as Ailduin walks to Cara, confirms who she is and then, after the briefest of hesitations, hands her the book.
The book has been in Ailduin’s family, the royal fae family, for generations. The only reason I know that it even exists is because I happened to see it when I returned Aolis, Ailduin’s son, to him after finding him in a hunter’s bunker. The hunters knew that we had found them so they were trying to get rid of the evidence by bombing the building, letting it and all the supernatural inhabitants burn alive.
I was there with my father searching for some of our missing pack members. We had gotten intel from another wolf pack that the hunters were kidnapping supes and bringing them to the bunker for experiments. It was a multi-pack effort, but the hunters realized we were there when we tripped their alarm system. The bombs started going off almost immediately, as if they were on a trip wire. Five wolves ran into the building, using a hole in a wall that had blown open with one of the bombs. I wanted to go, but my father refused to let me enter the building.
It was chaos. The screams of those who were burning alive still haunt my dreams. But, they did what we could and saved many supernaturals that day, Aolis included. He was just a boy, so my father had me take him back to his family to make sure he made it safely while he and the other pack leaders did damage control.
x 
###Chapter 40
When I met with Ailduin, it was in his study. It was there I saw the book. I thought it odd at the time that he had a book about the history of the werewolf guardians, but I didn’t think much of it as I had other, more important matters to worry about, such as making sure our pack members were okay. Ailduin told me that he was in my debt. Honestly, I never expected to request the return favor. I didn’t do it to have something to leverage against his family, I did it because it was the right thing to do. Aolis was only 5 years old at the time.
Afterward, when I had time to think about it, I started searching for a copy of the book, thinking it would be good to have. After searching for almost a year and finding nothing, I approached my father about it. That is when I learned that there is only one book like it in existence, written by the Guardians, for the Guardians. I’m still unsure how Ailduin’s ancestors got a copy, but now it's where it should be, in the hands of a werewolf guardian.
was no way
I watch as Cara once again asks about a card. There Ailduin was going to act as a “delivery boy” for me. I was lucky to get him to deliver the book. The only reason he did is because it is so valuable, he would never trust it to just anyone. And I had to promise him that it was going to a Guardian, the true keepers of the book.
But, I do agree with him, the book speaks for itself. No card needed. When he announces to me that the debt is paid, I very softly agree with him, knowing the hearing of the Fae King is better than most wolves.
I watch the shock that plays across Cara’s face as she unwraps the gift. She knows exactly what it is and how precious it is. Her quiet ‘thank you’ has Kai purring in my head. The gift is perfect.
Ass
she clutches the book, she looks around and meets my gaze. Does she realize that it’s from me? There are very few individuals that could pull this off. Well, in truth, only one. Me. But she probably doesn’t know that. I nod my head in acknowledgement of her thanks. Maybe then she'll realize that it was me. That I know exactly who she is and how special she, Artemis and her family are to the pack, my family, but most especially to me and my wolf.
If she hasn't figured it out after today, there will be no question tomorrow.
During training that afternoon, everyone is talking about my upcoming birthday party. It's not every day that an Alpha turns 18. Of course, everyone wants to
+15 BONOS
Dean comes up to me after training and tells me there’s a betting pool for my mate. Sheila has apparently told everyone that she thinks I’m her mate, so she’s in the top 5, along with a couple of the other she—-wolves that I’ve been involved. with. I’m only interested because Cara is also in the top 5.
“Cara, huh?”
“Yeah, well,” Dean responds, watching me intently. “We still don’t know who her mystery man is and you are still in the top 2 contenders.”
“Who is the other person in the top two?” I ask, knowing Liam has been eliminated from the pool now. “Chase, of course.”
I nod my head and walk toward the forest. I want to get to Cara’s to see how things are going with Liam. It's been difficult to focus on training while trying to manage my jealousy that he gets this special time with her.
I arrive near their house just in time to see Mr. Nelson heading inside the house. from the indoor training facility. Not seeing Liam or Cara, I move to get closer to see if they are still training inside. I was hoping they’d be outside, but this is better. They won’t hear or smell me from inside the building.
As I get closer, I feel Kai getting restless and angry. I tune in more closely and realize what he’s heard that I didn’t. Cara is moaning and Liam is growling in pleasure.
I have to fight Kai and I’m about to lose control when I see them walking hand in hand toward the house. I take hold of Kai and settle in to wait.
Cooper Author
What do you think of Ailduin and Aolis? 
###Chapter 41
Liam continues to hold my hand as we walk back to the house. Dad is outside getting the grill started. I drop Liam’s hand and head inside to get the last part of dinner ready. Liam and dad follow me inside after a few minutes.
“So, Alpha Liam, I took the liberty of looking inside the cooler and grabbed some S for the grill. I hope that’s ok with you.” Dad:
“Please, call me Liam. And, of course. I thought the steaks would be perfect for tonight.” He goes to the cooler and pulls out a bottle of wine. “I also brought some wine in case you'd like some with the steaks. The rest of the meat in here consists of two racks of ribs, some bear sausage and some ground beef. I can’t say I've ever eaten a whole bear, but I took it to someone I trust that has processed bear meat in the past. You'll have to let me know how you like it.” The last part was directed at me. I smiled as I take the wine from him and open it to let it breathe.
I start pulling the meat out of the cooler and putting it in the freezer, leaving out some ground beef to use over the weekend. “Well, Liam, you'll have to come by again soon and help us eat those ribs.”
“I'd like that sir.”
“Please, if I am to call you Liam, you may call me Clint.”
“Thank you Clint.”
Dad takes the steaks out to season them and put them on the grill. Liam follows him to do whatever it is that men do while cooking meat over a fire. I saute the onions and garlic for the spinach and then pour the wine into three glasses. I’ve put the spinach in the skillet, pulled the potatoes out of the oven and I’m setting the table when Dad and Liam return.
Liam grabs the bottle of wine and potatoes to put on the table and I spoon the spinach into a serving dish, bringing it to the table.
I sit next to Liam and we dig in. I have to admit, the bear isn’t bad. It has a bit of a gamey taste to it similar to venison, but it’s more hearty like beef.
After we've all tried the bear and decided we like it, Dad starts in with the questioning.
“So Liam,” Liam gives my father his undivided attention, apparently prepared for this. I’m not feeling as prepared as I feel my hands begin to sweat and I rub
+15 BONOS them on the napkin in my lap. I feel Liam reach over and gently take my hand. “I'll get right to the point. Are you only interested in my daughter because she’s a Guardian?”
“No sir.” He turns his head and looks at me. “I’m interested in your daughter because she’s always the most beautiful, intelligent and impressive woman in the room.” He turns back to my father. “I have spoken to your daughter and she is aware of my intentions. I've been very forthcoming with her that her strength and power as a Guardian, while very attractive, do not intimidate me and are unnecessary for the strength of my pack. I would be proud to call Cara my Luna one day and she would be my equal.”
“Son, you understand that my daughter is waiting for her mate? Her mother and I both tried to instill how special a fated mate is to her.”
“Yes sir. Cara has been very upfront with me about her desire to wait for her fated mate, and I respect that.” He looked at me for a moment before turning back to my father. “But, I will tell you sir, I feel strongly that your daughter and I will be fated mates. My pull to your daughter is strong, as is the pull of my wolf to Artemis.”
“Well,” my father looks at me then back at Liam, “my daughter could do a whole lot worse than you Liam.” He paused for a moment before continuing, “I was sorry to hear about the death of your father. He was a good man. But from what I’ve heard, you have taken the role of Alpha in your pack seriously and have become a leader and Alpha that your father would have been very proud of.” From the corner of my eye, I see Liam look down at the table and swallow hard before replying softly, “Thank you sir. That means a lot coming from you.” “You're welcome, and call me Clint.” He smiles at Liam and lifts his glass of wine. Liam returns the smile and clinks glasses with him. “Thank you Clint.”
+15 BONOS 15
+ 
###Chapter 42
After that, conversation moved to easier topics, if not better. Liam has also been feeling the effects of the rogue attacks and has been in contact with neighboring packs to discuss the issue and try to determine what they are after. From there, talk moved to training today and Liam tried to convince dad to come to his pack and train his warriors. Dad just laughed at him and said, “If my own Alpha can’t get me to train our warriors, why do you think I’d train yours?” a
“Wishful thinking? Maybe hoping that if I’m your future son-in-law, that you’d reconsider?” “I tell you what son. If it turns out that you are my future son-in-law, then I will reconsider.” 1 I brought out my bread pudding and both dad and Liam said it was delicious and I guess it was because they ate it all.
After dinner, I cleared the table and began putting dishes in the dishwasher. Dad announced that he was going to bed and that I shouldn't stay up too late. The last part he said while giving Liam a meaningful look.
“I won't stay late Clint, Alpha’s honor.” Dad nodded and with that, wheeled himself into his room.
Liam helped me clean up the kitchen. Afterward, we poured the last of our wine into our glasses and went to sit on the back porch. We sat in comfortable silence and drank our wine, looking out over the forest.
“I guess I'll see you at the party tomorrow?” Liam asked me.
“Yep, Luna Calista invited me personally, so I guess I’ll be there. And since Alpha Anders invited dad personally, he'll be there too.” He raised his eyebrows at that. “I know right?” I responded to his unasked question.
After we finished, we went inside and Liam said he was going to head out and asked if I'd walk him to his car.
When we got to the driver’s door, he pushed me against the car and leaned in, almost touching my lips with his. “I really enjoyed dinner tonight, thank you.”
I looked at his lips then dragged my eyes up to his. “I had a really good time. That was the best workout I’ve had in a very long time.”
His eyes darkened and he leaned in so his lips were just touching mine, whispering, “I can think of many ways to help you work up a sweat and ensure
+15 BONOS that you are sore the next morning.”
Heat flooded my body, heading south. I looked in his eyes as I slid my tongue across his lips. That was all it took for him to lose control and begin to devour my lips in a possessive kiss. I could feel the heat of his body pressed against mine. His hardening length making itself known against my stomach as his hand reached into my hair, grabbing hold and gently pulling my head to the side so he could get. a better entrance into my mouth.
My hands snaked around him, one going up into his hair and one dragging my nails across his back, grabbing hold of his shirt and he ravaged my mouth with. his tongue. I moaned as he moved to my jaw then down to my neck, kissing his way to where my mate mark would be. He licked the area causing my whole body. to shiver and a loud moan to leave my mouth. My head leaned back against the car and I was powerless against the onslaught of desire he was drawing from me.
He pushed his body against me, showing me just how much he enjoyed my moans, his long, hard length rubbing against me as his hands moved under my tank top. When his fingers moved over my pebbled nipples, I moaned his name softly.
“Baby I love hearing you call my name like that. It makes me want to do so many things to you, so many things that will make you scream my name until you are so hoarse that all you can do is whimper for me.”
He pulled back and looked at me with that panty-dropping smolder. “Let me make you feel good baby.” I looked at him and then around us. We were against his car, in front of my father’s house. I looked back at him. He nuzzled my nose, never breaking eye contact.“Do you trust me?”
“Yes.” It came out as a whisper, not really sounding like my voice at all.
“Let me give you a small sample of what our life will be like when you are mine. Say yes. Let me show you what the future holds for you baby.”
“Yes.” I agree and the smile he gives me could light up the night. Cooper Author
It's getting hot and heavy now 
###Chapter 43
Liam doesn’t break eye contact with me as he slides one hand to my shoulder, pulling my bra strap down. He then pulls my shirt up and pushes the right side of my bra down under my breast, causing it to push up into his hand. He looks down at me, dragging his thumb over my nipple. I suck in air and arch my back, pushing my breast into his hand, watching him.
He looks back at me with eyes dark with desire and a hunger that I've never seen before. He leans down and takes my nipple into his mouth, running his tongue over it before sucking and nipping at it. My body jerks at the pleasure that he’s creating, heat flooding my body. My hand moves to his head, holding him there as my lower body begins grinding against him without me realizing what I’m doing.co
While he sucks on my nipple, his other hand moves to my shorts, sliding inside. He doesn’t seem to have the access he wants, so his other hand slides down and pushes my shorts down my hips locking my legs so I can’t move.
He moves one hand to my back, pulling me closer to him while the other slides. down my stomach, between my warm lips, stroking me.
He growls in pleasure when he feels how wet I am for him, causing me to whimper and push against his hand. “So wet for me baby.”
He slides one hand to push the other side of my bra down and under my breast,
so now they are both on display for him, pushed up for easy access. “So beautiful.” He looks up at me, holding my gaze as he slowly licks my nipple, causing me to suck in air, my body to tense and my eyes to close.
He begins to rub circles on my clit, my wet core dripping down my thighs. He pulls back and looks at me as he slides a finger inside me. “Look at me. I want to see you when I make you cum.”
open my eyes and he starts to slide his finger in and out of me. “Spread your legs for me. As wide as you can.” he says softly and I open them as much as my shorts will allow.
“Lean against the car.” I do as he says, enjoying him taking control and making my body respond in ways it has never done before.
His finger continues to slide in and out of me, his hand rubbing against my clit. His other hand begins to gently pinch and twist my nipple, causing me to jerk slightly at the pleasure pulsing through me.
+15 BONOS
“That’s right baby, you’re going to cum on my fingers. I’m going to slide another one in and I want to feel your tight pussy clamp down on me from your orgasm. Do you want me to make you cum baby?”
I nod, not able to say anything. My body is on overload.
“Words Cara. Tell me what you want me to do.”
“I want you to make me cum Liam. Please.”
“You know I'll always take care of you, right baby?”
“Yes, Yes Liam, please.”
“Look at me love, I want to see your eyes when your body explodes around me.”
I look at him as his fingers begin to assault my aching pussy. He’s somehow keeping me upright and fucking me with his fingers at the same time. I don’t know how and I don’t care. All I know is that my body is on the verge of something it’s never felt before and just when I think I can’t take any more, he curls his fingers inside me hitting the perfect spot and my body explodes. My pussy clamps down on his fingers so hard, I feel like I might break them. I start to scream Liam’s name, but his mouth devours mine in a kiss so possessive I feel like he and his wolf are claiming me, swallowing my scream. His body is rubbing against mine with nothing between us but his basketball shorts, while he helps. me ride out my orgasm. As I start to come down, my body pulsing around his fingers, I feel his body tense and jerk. He grips my neck, somehow deepening the kiss even more as he moans into my mouth. His canines extend and I feel them slice my lip before he calms, removing his fingers from inside me and licking my lip, healing it.
We stay like that for several moments, catching our breath. “Wow.” That's all I can say. Words have escaped me.
He chuckles and I feel his body shaking against me. He leans back and holding my gaze, slides his fingers, still wet from my juices, into his mouth. His eyes close and a look of pure bliss crosses his face as he licks them clean. “Yeah. Wow. You baby, are one in a million, and I can’t wait to taste you at my leisure every day of my life.” 2
He pulls back and gently kisses me. “Are you ok? I didn’t mean to cut your lip.” I lick my lip, tasting a little blood, but it’s already healed. “I’m good.”
He pulls away from me, straightening my bra and pulling my tank top down, before pulling my shorts back up. He leans his forehead against mine. “I did say
+15 BONOS you'd be the death of me, and I wasn’t joking.” I smile at him and gently kiss his lips. “Death by orgasm doesn’t sound like a bad way to go.”
He growls softly, pulling me to him. “I'd better go before I decide to lay you on the hood of my car and make you cum all over my face.” The thought has heat flooding south again, and I see his nostrils flare, as he smells my arousal.
“Get inside baby. I'll see you tomorrow at the party.” He kisses the tip of my nose and I smile, “Okay.”
I turn to head toward the house when he calls out, “By the way, what did the other contender for your favor give you today?”
I stop dead in my tracks. Shit, shit, shit! I did not want to end the night on a bad note, but I knew he'd find out and I was never one for lying anyway.
I turn slowly and look at him. “That bad, huh?” I give him a fake smile.
“Just tell me.” He states.
“The History of the Guardians.”
His reaction is similar to my dad’s, whistling long and low. “Damn. Even I couldn't have gotten that for you Cara. This guy is serious.”
“Yeah, he is.”
He nods his head thoughtfully. “Well, so am I. Tomorrow should be interesting. Sleep well baby, dream of me.” He smirks as he gets into the car and drives away.
As I walk back into the house, I couldn’t help but wonder what he meant by his parting comment. I can’t think of anything interesting that will be happening tomorrow. No one would be brave or foolish enough to do something while Liam is in the room. 
###Chapter 44
At the risk of being a stalker, I have no intention of leaving as I watch Liam and Cara head inside. I shift back so I can hide more easily. I need to know how far Liam is willing to go, and how far Cara will let him go.
I listen as they discuss the bear meat and my fists clench when Mr. Nelson tells Liam to call him Clint. It seems Liam also has a better relationship with Cara’s father than I do.
When they go outside to grill the steaks, Liam thanks Mr. Nelson again for the training today. They chat about the training facility that Mr. Nelson has created and discuss different ways of training.
When they go back inside, it finally gets good again. Mr. Nelson begins interrogating Liam about his intentions. I'll admit, Liam’s response is admirable. He seems to really care about Cara. And he apparently thinks they will be fated mates.
Kai growls in my head, and I don’t blame him. There’s no way that he can be her mate if she is our mate. Liam is old enough to feel the pull to his mate, but I feel a pull too. Could it be that one of us is really feeling the pull to her as a Guardian, rather than a mate? What if neither of us is her mate?
I'm happy to hear that Cara is waiting for her mate. That gives me hope that her relationship with Liam is only so strong. If we are fated mates, as I believe, she won't reject us for him. I was also happy to hear Mr. Nelson deny Liam’s request to train his warriors. I scoff. As if he’d train Liam’s pack when he refuses to train. his own. Although, he agrees to reconsider if Liam is Cara’s mate. Another reason to make sure that she’s MY mate.
When I hear Liam ask Cara to walk him to his car, I move around the house so I can continue to eavesdrop on their conversation. It’s all I can do not to snarl out loud when he kisses her. Kai is thrashing around in my head, ready to fight Liam and Cyran for Cara again. Holding Kai off is taking all of my strength and concentration.
Even so, I almost lose it when the scent of her arousal hits my nose at the same time I hear him tell her that he wants to watch her cum. My body is shaking and fur starts sprouting on my body. I lose the battle and shift when I hear Cara begin to scream his name. Kai takes a running leap before I get control again and force him back behind the house. He is inconsolable, furious that someone else is touching what is ours. 4
+15 BONOS
‘She’s not ours yet. And even if we knew that she was, she doesn’t know it yet. She still may not even realize we know who she
is.”
The faint smell of blood has me rushing back around the house. I see that she’s ok and that he’s about to leave. While I’m not thrilled that he touched her, I am glad that they both were honest about her waiting for her mate. If, no WHEN, she realizes that I'm her mate, I want to be the only one that has had the luxury of being inside her beautiful body.
My hopeful fantasy abruptly ends when I hear Liam ask about today’s gift. So, she didn’t tell him earlier. I'm not sure if I should be glad or not about that. But his reaction is perfect. That’s right dickwad. You’d never have been able to give her everything she deserves. That is reserved for me. I feel my spirits soar when Cara acknowledges that I’m serious about my intentions. Not that she wouldn’t have known at this point, but I like hearing it directly from her.
I can tell that she’s confused about his response that things will be interesting tomorrow. Oh yeah! We'll be on MY turf tomorrow. I watch as Liam starts to back out, then looks right at me. Bastard I was there and he wanted to let me know he is still in the game. Only it’s not a game and it seems we're both playing for keeps.
I head back around to the back of the house, hoping to see Cara before I leave. I need to wait for her to go to sleep so I can leave her final gift. I watch as she comes to sit in the window seat. At first, she just looks out into the night. I’m guessing she’s thinking about Liam and what they just did. My jealousy flares and a low growl leaves my mouth. Sooner than I would have expected though, she pulls a large book into her lap. It’s The History of the Guardians. She starts glancing through it before going back to the beginning and settling in to read. I watch her for a while, enjoying the way she has to continually push her hair behind her ear to keep it out of her face. I have no idea how long I watch her, but I could have watched her all night.
When she finally stands and she begins to take off her clothes, I turn away. Nudity is common among shifters, but she doesn’t know I’m here and I don’t want to be a creepy stalker. It’s weird enough that I was privy to the interaction between her and Liam earlier.
I head back to the packhouse and without bothering to shift, I go up to my room, shifting right as I get to my door. I can smell the faint scent of rosewater and I vaguely wonder what Sheila was doing on my floor. I unlock my door and grab a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. While it’s still winter, wolves run warm and as an Alpha, my temperature runs even warmer, so I’m never cold.
Zi +15 BONOS
I grab the rectangular box elegantly wrapped by the store, with a big fat bow on it. I grab my card and tape it to the box. I head back out to Cara’s, walking instead of driving so no one figures out what I’m doing. When I get back to her house, her light is off, so I quietly walk up to her front porch and leave her gift at the front door. I spray a vanilla and lavender body spray over the box in the hope
that it will overshadow any scent of mine left after a night in the fresh air.
I walk back to the packhouse, whistling and thinking of how great my birthday
will be tomorrow.
+16 BONDS
###Chapter 45
His voice is in my ear, “Let me show you how good I can make you feel.” His warm body is naked and is laying over me, a soft bed under me. His hands are everywhere. His mouth on my neck, my shoulder, nibbling my ear. I whimper at his touch. My hands sliding over his hard and muscular body, making me purr. I want to lick him and taste him. I want to feel him inside me. I want him to take me as no other man has ever done.
His hard length slides against my clit, rubbing it and building my body into a frenzy. The warm wetness between my legs, evidence of his effect on me. I moan softly, wanting more, pulling him closer to me. His hand goes between us, sliding his fingers into my warmth. I gasp as pleasure radiates through me and I begin riding his fingers. “More, I need more.”
“You want me to give you more, love?”
“Yes, please, I need more,” I whimper.
His mouth comes to my ear. “Do you want me inside you?” “Yes, please.” I beg.
He gently bites my ear, giving me a zing of pleasure. “I want that too. I want to be inside you, hearing you call my name, making you cum every day. Would you like that my Little Guardian?”
“Yes, yes, I want that.” “I want to hear you say my name. I want you moaning and screaming for me. Can you do that?” “Yes.”
“Good,” He says as he pulls his fingers out of me and pushes his cock inside me as he lifts himself up so I can see his face. “RIK!”
My eyes fly open and I bolt upright in my bed, panting. I reach my hands down. my body to make sure I really do have my clothes on and I’m alone.
What the fuck?! I just had the female version of a wet dream and not with Liam, but with Rik. What IS that? Why do I keep having these thoughts about him. Even earlier tonight, when I was sitting by my window, I was reliving my time with Liam, but it was Rik’s’face that kept entering my mind, wondering if it would feel the same with him. Could he make me cum with just his fingers?
I huff out a sigh. Get up Cara and go clean yourself up before you make it worse.
+15 BONOS
thinking more thoughts of...Alpha Rik. I cringe even thinking about it.” Artemis?” I reach for my
wolf.
She must be asleep, having her own dreams. Maybe she’s partial to Kai, although she seemed pretty happy with Cyran and she didn’t have any complaints about me playing with Liam last night..
‘As long as we save ourselves for our mate.’ I hear her sleepy response.
After I clean myself up, I check the clock. It’s 3am, and I only have an hour before training, so I get up and make some coffee. After coffee, I dress for training. I decide to leave a bit early and just walk. When I open the door, there’s a huge package on my doorstep.
I pick it up and see the card. Holy crap, he dropped my gift off to me in the middle. of the night. I bring it back inside and sniff the box. It smells like vanilla and lavender and underneath that, the faint scent of the forest. Damn, no clues on the box.
I open the card first.
My lovely Cara,
I hope you like this, my last gift to you. At least for now. I will know if you have accepted this gift when I see you at the party tonight.
If you accept my gift, I will reveal myself to you.
It is time you knew who I was. I want everyone to know
that it is me staking my claim on you and Artemis.
Until tonight, Your soon-to-be not so Secret Admirer
Well, now the butterflies are fluttering around in my stomach like crazy. He’s going to reveal himself to me at the party tonight? But only if I accept his gift? How will he know?
I start to open the box, but stop suddenly as Liam’s words from last night come back to me. “Tomorrow should be interesting.” He knew. Somehow, Liam knew that he’d be revealing himself to me tonight. There’s no way that it’s Liam, so that leaves only one option. Liam figured out who my mystery man is. How is that even possible?
Before I go too far down that rabbit hole, I decide to open my gift. I pull the bow +15 BONOS
and wrapping paper off and open the box. Inside there is tissue paper that I pull aside to reveal a beautiful dress. It is peacock green. It has an off-the-shoulder sequined sweetheart bodice. The A-line chiffon skirt overlaid with satin looks like it will come to my knees in the front and to the floor in the back. It will be perfect for dancing. It’s gorgeous and very apparent how he will know that I have accepted the gift. I look back in the box and see another, smaller box. I carefully set the dress aside, making sure that it doesn’t snag on anything.
I open the smaller box and find a necklace and matching earrings. The dangle earrings have an emerald cut emerald surrounded by what looks like yellow diamonds. The necklace has the same pendant on a white gold chain. I hope they are fake. If they aren't, I can’t even imagine how much it would cost.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 46
I'm in awe and don’t hear my father enter the room. “Cara, what are you still doing here, training started 30 minutes ago.” 31
I whip my head at the clock and I’m shocked to see that I’m late for training. ” Dad, look what my mystery man left at our door.” I show him the dress and the jewelry. “Well, sweetheart, are you going to accept his gift and wear that to the party tonight?” I look at my father. “How can I not? Do you think the jewelry is real?” I ask.
He leans over and looks at it more closely. “Yes, I believe it is real.”
“Holy shit, dad!”
“Cara, language.”
‘Seriously, dad? A guy spends thousands on me for ONE NIGHT and I can’t curse about it?”
Dad chuckles. “Take this to your room then get to training, we'll talk more about it when you get back.”
I do as my father says and I hightail it to training.
Everyone gives me shit for being late and Alpha Anders makes me run laps before kicking everyone’s butt. It’s all good. I needed to clear my head, and I did. Then I took all of Alpha Anders‘ warriors down. When I’m done, I give him an arrogant smile, “Willing to try your luck again, Alpha?”
Shaking his head, he says, “Cara, I may be old, but I’m not stupid. I'll pass.” I laughed and headed back to the forest to change and head home.
I spent the day soaking in the tub and then putting my makeup and hair into something presentable for this formal event. I was young when my mother died, and I don’t have many events in my life that make me miss having a mother, but this is one of them. I can imagine her here, helping me get ready, talking about who my mystery man is and going through all the reasons we think it’s him. Thinking of my mother makes me sad and I realize I haven't been to her memorial in far too long. I make a mental note to go this weekend.
I opt for a messy french twist since I have some hair pins with green crystals that closely match the earrings. I pull some pieces of my hair down around my face,
+15 BONOS twisting my natural curls into submission, giving it a natural look.
Next, I decided to go with a smokey mauve eyeshadow, a winged eyeliner and a couple swipes of mascara. A hint of blush and a dusky pink lip gloss finished the look.
When I am done, I put on my dress and then added the jewelry. I finish it off with strappy 4 inch black heels. The updo hairstyle allows the earrings to stand out. The sweetheart neckline of the dress only accentuates the necklace. I don’t often. have the opportunity to dress up, but I have to admit, my mystery man has me feeling like a princess.
I walk downstairs and get a wolf whistle from my father. “Am I going to have to fight off every unmated male in the room tonight Cara?”
“Dad!” I rolled my eyes at him. “Liam AND my mystery man will be there tonight, so I think we’re good.” “Good, so I only have to worry about fighting off two guys tonight,” he mumbles to himself, but of course I hear him.
I giggled at my father then go kiss his cheek. “Speaking of fighting people off, I do believe you will be the most eligible bachelor at the party tonight dad. Perhaps I should be worried about having to fight off all those lonely women with you looking like this. You sure do clean up nicely dad.” I'd never seen my dad dressed up, so seeing him in a suit was a pleasant surprise. He filled it out well.
My father looked at me as if I’d said the most stupid thing in the world. “Cara, there was only ever room for two women in my heart, you and your mother. There will never be anyone else for me. Wolves mate for life. I realize not all of the humans with wolves follow this philosophy, but believe me, there will never be a woman that could compare to your mother, not even close.”
I sighed. It wasn’t the first time we’ve had this discussion. “Fine, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Let's go, we're already going to be fashionably late.” He changes the subject. I walked to the passenger side of dad’s renovated van. It was specially made so dad could not only get in and out by himself through an automatic ramp at the side of the van, but he could manage the gas and brake pedals with his hands. So, he was fully capable of driving himself anywhere he needed to go.
The party was in a club rented out for the occasion. I could only imagine how many people had to help set up for the event. When we arrived, Dad pulled up to valet parking. I got out of the van, waiting for my father to join me. When he was beside me, he offered me his arm, which I gratefully took.
+15 BONOS
“Ready?”
I took a deep breath and slowly let it out, “Ready.” I said, and we began to walk. inside. Cooper Author
Birthday party up next!
9
424
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 47
On the morning of my birthday, I wake early. Since it is my birthday, I am going to spend it how I choose. And I choose to start my day watching Cara kick my warriors‘ butts.
I go to the window and wait. And wait. She’s not here. I’ve never seen her miss training. Could something have happened? I heard dad asking the warriors if anyone has heard from Cara. No one has. I am hoping nothing has gone wrong with the gift, or worse, that Liam has shown up early this morning to finish what he started last night.
Just as I was about to head over to her house to make sure she is ok, I see Artemis running toward the training field from the forest. My mind immediately settles. and I feel like I can breathe again. As she comes out of the forest, everyone is giving her grief for being late. Dad has her run laps before allowing her to spar. I don’t know if the intention is to wear her out, or to give the other warriors an opportunity to beat her, but either way, it doesn’t work. She shows every one of them their ass.
Surprisingly, she asks my dad if he wants to give it another shot. What is this? Dad has sparred with her? He’s never mentioned it to me. When he said that he was old but not stupid, I had to wonder if Cara has beat him. That would be something, but if anyone can do it, my girl can.
I can’t wait to start training with her next week. I’ve been waiting until she knows that it’s me claiming her and that I know who she is. After tonight, she will. So Monday morning, bright and early, I’ll get my first chance to spar with Cara and see if she can take me down. I can’t wait!
After training, I jump in the shower and head downstairs to have breakfast with my family. I know mom will be in the kitchen and that the staff will be making a special breakfast for me. When I walk into the dining room, the entire room shouts “Happy Birthday.” My mom stands at a table with her hands clasped. together.
I smile at her and walk over. “Happy birthday my handsome boy.” “Thank you mom, but I’m not a boy anymore. Haven't been in a while.” “I'm your mother, you will always be my boy.”
“He
My dad is next. “Happy birthday son.” He reaches out to hug me and as he does he quietly asks, “Smell anything mouth— watering?” I pull back and smile, gently shaking my head, no. I know what he is asking. Can I smell my mate? “Nothing.
+15 BONDS other than this delicious food.”
Several of the omegas come out laden with trays of food. They all wish me a happy birthday and I thank them all for the well wishes and the food.
Breakfast is a long affair. I am pretty sure every unmated she—-wolf of age in my pack came by to wish me a happy birthday. Still nothing.
Chase comes and sits beside me. “Happy birthday Alpha.”
He hands me a gift wrapped box. “Before you open it, I expect you to share this when we find our mates.” I open the box to find WhistlePig, The Boss Hog VII. A $ 1000 bottle of whiskey.
“Damn Chase! This is awesome! I'll be saving this for when we find our mates, our Alpha and Beta ceremonies, when our pups are born — shit, this will be for every amazing event in our lives. Thanks man!” I give him a bro hug. “I can’t wait to taste this, we may have to break it open later tonight!”
“So, what's your plan for today?” He asks me.
“Nothing really until tonight. Everything is in place.”
ant to go for a run? We can see if you catch the scent of anything divine around the pack.”
lea.50
That sounds like a great idea, so Chase and I go for a run. We're gone for a couple of hours, just enjoying the quiet and peaceful time. We stop by a small lake on our pack land and let our wolves get some water.
‘So, you ready for tonight?‘ Chase mindlinks me.
‘Lam. I just hope it goes the way I want it to. She could surprise me and totally stand me up.”
‘Nah, it’s your birthday. No one would be that rude.’
“True, which is why I think it'll work. At least in the beginning, after that, I have to hope she'll give me a chance.’
Nash comes over and bumps shoulders with Kai. ‘I’m here for you. Whatever you need.’ 
###Chapter 48
When we get back to the packhouse, it’s time to start getting ready. After showering again, I get dressed in black dress pants and pair it with the black dress shirt with peacock green cuffs, color and trim that I got specifically so it would match Cara’s dress. I’m really hoping she accepts the gift and wears it. If she does, we will look like we dressed as a couple, which is exactly what I want.
After pulling my hair in a man bun and putting on my dress shoes, I’m ready. I head over to my parents‘ room and knock on their door. I learned at an lv age to wait for a response before walking in. Some things a child should never see their parents doing. And once seen, cannot be unseen. I shiver in disgust at the
memory. I hear my mother’s voice, “Come in sweetheart.” I walk in and see my mom putting her nks mom.” 1. in. “Well, don’t you look nice.” She says and I walk to her and kiss her cheek. “Thanks mom.” “Are you ready or should I grab Chase and head over without you?”
My father walks out of their closet buttoning his shirt. “We’re just about ready, but if you want to go without us, we'll be right behind you.”
“Ok, I'll grab Chase and see you there.”
I head down the stairs to the Beta floor and knock on Chase’s door before walking in. I didn’t smell a she—wolf, so I know I’m not walking in on anything. “Hey man, you ready?”
He’s brushing his hair. “Almost.” He turns and looks at me. “Damn, that’s a good idea.” He grabs a hair tie and pulls his blond hair into a man bun too.
I smirk at him, “Easy is best.” He smirks back, “That's what she said.”
We're laughing as we head down the stairs and my nose is assaulted with the overwhelming scent of rosewater. I look up as I get to the bottom of the stairs. Sheila is standing there in a skin tight fire engine red dress that is so low her tits are about to fall out at the top and so short that you can see the bottom of her ass cheeks hanging out at the bottom. How did I ever find her attractive? Now, she just disgusts me.
“Sheila, what are you doing here? Why aren’t you at the party?” I ask as she attempts what I can only assume is supposed to be a sexy walk toward me but +15 BONOS
falls very short of the mark.
She runs her fingers up my chest. “What do you mean? I’m your date, remember?”
I look at her like she is crazy. “What are you talking about?” I ask, and Chase chimes in, “Yeah Sheila, what are you talking about?”
She gives me a look like I’ve got two heads. “Yesterday at school. I said we should get together today for your birthday.” I can feel my brows drawing together. “When was this? And did I answer?”
“We were talking yesterday morning and when I asked you said ‘Sure*.” The smile, that I’m assuming is supposed to be sexy, is back. “So, here I am so we can go together. And luckily we match.”
I'm about to blow a gasket, when Chase steps in. “Alpha doesn’t want to have any one make assumptions about him having a date tonight since he might meet his mate, being 18 now. But if you need a ride, you’re welcome to come with us.”
I give a look and he shrugs. “She squeals and jumps up and down, and I have to admit I was in a trance waiting to see if her tits would pop out. Surprisingly, they didn’t.”
We walk out to one of the waiting limos and Chase opens the door for Sheila and whispers as I go to get in, “We should start a pool to see if those tits fall out of that dress tonight.”
“All you man, I have other plans for tonight.”
“No worries.” He says as he claps me on the shoulder. “I’m always willing to be your wingman.”
When we arrive at the club that my mother rented out for the night, Sheila puts herself in between Chase and I, putting her arms through each of ours, effectively walking in on both our arms. As soon as we walk in the door, I disengage myself from her and head to the bar. 1
I'm thankful for small favors that Cara hasn’t arrived yet and didn’t see my entrance. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 49
As we walk up to the club, my stomach feels like a swarm of bees have suddenly taken up residence and I feel nauseous.
As soon as we walk in, it feels like the entire room goes silent and everyone turns to look at my father and I. I feel a slight blush on my cheeks and I'm ready to bolt, until I see the warriors all incline their heads, almost as one, to my father. I forget that most of the pack rarely sees him. He'd be considered a hermit if it wasn't for me living with him and Alpha Anders visiting every week.
Luna Calista moves to us and Alpha Anders follows a step behind her. She takes my hands and hers, smiling fondly at me while Anders shakes dad's hand. He offers my dad a drink and they head off toward the warriors who all look like they've just won the lottery. Luna Calista tells me how beautiful I look, her eyes twinkling at my jewelry.
I self-consciously reach up to touch the pendant around my neck. "What a beautiful set of jewelry. Did you have it made?" she asks me kindly.
"No ma'am. It was a gift."
"What a lovely gift. Come. My son would love to meet you."
I smile at her. What else could I do? It's her son's
party and she insisted I attend. I look up and see that Rik is welcoming my father to the party and thanking him for coming, but his eyes are on me.
I reluctantly follow Luna Calista over to Alpha Anders, Rik and my father. I notice my father is slowly getting swarmed by the warriors, especially those that are closer to his age. My dad is a legend. Any warrior worth his weight knows who my dad is and will take this opportunity tonight to meet him and speak to him as long as he can.
My attention is drawn back to Rik when Luna Calista stops. "Rik, this is Cara Nelson, Clint and Lily Nelson's daughter." She turns to me, "Cara, this is my son Rik." I can't help myself, I have to get the dig in. "Yes, thank you, Luna. We've met before."
"Oh." She looks confused, looking at her son. "I thought you said you had never met Cara honey. I guess I'm a day late and a dollar short."
I immediately feel bad. I hadn't meant to make her feel awkward, only to put Rik on the spot.
"Actually, it was just a fleeting conversation at school, nothing formal." I put my hand out, giving him my best fake smile. "Alpha Rik, what a pleasure to meet you." I stress 'meet' so he gets it that I am not letting this go. 1
He takes my hand, but instead of shaking it, he brings it to his lips and gently kisses my hand, his eyes never leaving mine. I immediately feel a jolt of pleasure that goes straight to my core and I feel my tiny, insufficient thong getting soaked.
His eyes pierce mine, and I see his nostrils flare. Shit, can he smell my arousal?
"The pleasure is all mine Cara." He says in a voice that is deep and gruff and I'm suddenly reminded of my dream from last night. I feel my cheeks flush pink and I struggle to gain control of my emotions." Well," my voice sounds much higher than normal," Happy birthday. I hope you enjoy your party." He gives me a knowing smile. He knows he's affecting me.
He's still holding my hand and I'm desperate to disengage myself from him, when another couple steps up to wish him a Happy Birthday. I take the opportunity to step away, but not before I hear him say, "Save me a dance Cara." It's more of a request, not a question, but I still look at him and nod my head yes. It is his birthday after all, and I have no intention of offending the next Alpha and the guy I most likely will spend the rest of my life protecting.
I turn to where my father is surrounded by warriors. They are all in their element and dad is the center of attention. While it's not his usual place, he is a natural. I watch while he chats with pack members, talking "shop" about training, methods, takedowns and of course, everyone continues to tell him how tough I am.
I'm standing aside, waiting to ask if dad would like a drink, smiling as I watch my father enjoying himself, when I feel a warm body step up behind me. I turn my head and see Trevor. I turn fully and smile at him.
"Hey Trevor, how are you?"
He looks at me and whistles. "Damn girl, you dress up nice." I strike a pose before laughing him off.
He nods his head at my jewelry, "Nice rocks. Did those come from your mystery man?"
For a moment, I am worried that he is my mystery man. "They are," I respond, waiting to see how he responds.
"Wow. Smart move. Your guy really wants to make an impression."
I cock my head at him, "What do you mean?" Jason comes up behind him, sees my jewels and whistles. " Holy shit. Are those from the guy? Have you figured out who it is yet?"
I turn to my friend. "Yes, they are from the guy. No, I don't know who he is." I turn back to Trevor who hasn't stopped looking at the necklace pendant. " What do you mean?"
###Chapter 50
He looks up into my eyes. “Let Artemis come forward.” I do as he says, letting Artemis come forward. Dean walks up to join our group and whistles. “Whoa.”
A couple of other guys who overhear us, turn in our direction and look at me. All of them had various reactions of awe. “What” I ask impatiently.
Trevor looks at me and smiles softly, “Those jewels he got you? They match your eyes when Artemis is forward, almost perfectly. Your emerald green eyes with her light gold rimming around it. I mean.....shit, it's nearly perfect. This guy...he’s making all of us look bad. He really likes you Cara. I don’t know who it is, but if he’s not your mate, he really wants to be.”
Dean immediately jumps in, “New betting pool. How much on the mystery man being Cara’s fated mate?” The bets start immediately.
“You morons do realize that I don’t turn 18 for a couple of months, right?” They ignore me and continue to make their bets.
I shake my head and turn back to my father. He’s still busy chatting, so I point at his glass silently asking if he wants another one. He nods yes and I head to the bar. I could use a drink too.
I order a scotch on the rocks for dad and a glass of red wine for me. I’m looking around the room, watching the harem cluster around Rik wishing him happy birthday. I’m not sure there is one whole outfit among the flock. One girl looks like she’s wearing a red dress meant for a child, not a grown woman.
Shaking my head, I turn back to grab my drinks when I feel heat at my back and a familiar voice whispers in my ear, “Should I be concerned that you are here getting two drinks?”
I turn to face him, “Alpha Liam.” I smile up at him. “How wonderful to see you again.” He orders his drink, barely taking his eyes off of me. “Believe me baby, the pleasure is all mine. You look absolutely gorgeous.”
“Why thank you.” I make the quick decision to not tell him that it’s from my mystery man or that he will be revealing himself to me tonight. Liam seems to already be aware that tonight was significant.
“Want to join me over by my father?” I ask?
He gives me that panty dropping smolder, “Baby, I would follow you anywhere.” 13
+15 BONOS
He grabs his drink from the bartender and follows me.
I toss a smile over my shoulder at him as I walk over to my father and the warriors. I make introductions and Liam shakes hands with dad. I turn back to Liam. “Did you already give the birthday boy your best wishes?”
He looks at me over his drink as he takes a slow sip. My cheeks heat as I remember him looking at me like that last night while his fingers were sliding in and out of me, making my body feel amazing. He lowers his drink and licks his lips, “Not yet. I saw you and everything else in the room faded away.”
Damn, these thong panties were definitely not meant to survive hot, smoldering Alphas!
I'm about to reply when Alpha Anders clinks his glass to get everyone’s attention. The room quiets down and he thanks everyone for coming.
“As you all know, today my son turned 18. He is a man now and will soon take over as your Alpha.” The room cheers and Liam and I politely clap our hands.
Alpha Anders continues, looking at Rik. “Son, I couldn’t be more proud of you. For today, on your birthday, my greatest hope for you is that you find a love like I have with your mother. That you find your mate, and have lots of pups.” The crowd erupts in wolf whistles and cheering.
Alpha Anders raises his hand for quiet. When the room settles down, he continues, “but in the interim, we hope you enjoy your new ride.” He tosses Rik a set of car keys. Geez! A new car? Must be nice.
Rik walks over to his father and hugs him before turning to his mother and kissing her on both of her cheeks. He then takes the mic. “Thank you mom, thank you dad.” He turns to the crowd. “I can’t thank you all enough for joining me today and helping me celebrate.” His eyes connect with me and I freeze. Was that comment meant for me?
“lam proud to one day become the Alpha of this amazing pack, and I will do my best to live up to the incredibly large shoes my father will be leaving me. My hope is that I will find my Luna before I take over as Alpha and that she will be my partner in running this pack.” Another round of cheers.
“On that note, I would like to start off the dancing tonight by asking a very special woman to dance with me.” I see the girl in the undersized red dress perk up, expecting to be asked to dance.
I turn to Liam, expecting to start a conversation while Rik is dancing with his harlot du jour, but his next words knock the breath out of my lungs.
+15 BONOS
“Cara Nelson, may I have this dance?” My entire body goes rigid. I slowly turn to see him holding his hand out to me.
Cooper
Author
Hmm, who's the harlot du jour now? Will Cara accept his dance Invitation?
925
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 51
After getting a drink, I’m immediately swarmed by pack members of all ages. wishing me a happy birthday. My eyes keep scanning the room, hoping to see Cara. I’m desperate to know if she is wearing the dress I got her. My entire plan for tonight depends on it.
Chase comes over to pull me out of the group of people that have surrounded me. I’m about to thank him when the room goes silent.
I turn to the door and see Cara and her father. ‘Mate! Kai says suddenly in my head. A broad smile spreads across my face. ‘Yeah she is.*
Kai is jumping around wanting to go see her. ‘Play it cool Kai, remember, she’s not 18 yet. Artemis won't recognize us as her mate for a couple more months.’ This calms him down, but he continues to pace around in my head. ‘Calm down. Remember our plan for tonight. We'll have her in our arms soon.’
She looks stunning. The dress I chose is perfect for her. She looks...like a Luna. Like MY Luna. Beautiful, proud, strong, and absolutely perfect. And currently looking a bit like she wants to throw up. The pink in her cheeks is a dead giveaway that she isn’t happy to be the center of attention.
From the corner of my eye, I see my warriors all incline their heads. I turn back to see Mr. Nelson swallow hard, his eyes looking a bit misty at their
acknowledgement and deference. Before I can move, my mother has started in their direction, my father right behind her.
I watch as my mother approaches Cara and my dad welcomes Mr. Nelson. As dad draws Mr. Nelson away, I see Cara reach up to touch her necklace. My mother is a cunning woman. I don’t know what she’s asking Cara, but she will know it was me that gave her that jewelry.
I move toward my father and Mr. Nelson. It’s time that I received a proper introduction to the man that saved my father’s life.
As I approach, my father reaches out to corral me into the inner circle of warriors that have crowded around. “Son. I'd like you to meet the greatest man I’ve ever known and the reason that I am still standing here today. Clint Nelson.”
He turns to Mr. Nelson, “Clint, it is my pleasure to introduce you to my son, Rik.”
I reach out to shake his hand. “It is a pleasure to finally meet you, Sir. My mother and father have told me so much about you and your family over the years.”
“Alpha Rik, it is a pleasure to meet you.” +16 BONOS
As my father begins introducing other warriors in the group, I can’t help but look back at Cara. I’ve only been watching her for a minute when her eyes meet mine.
I can’t help the smile that forms when I see my mother walking her over to where I am, no doubt planning to make introductions.
As my mother introduces us, I’m about to say that we’ve met, but Cara beats me to the punch, giving me a mental jab in the process. But I can tell that while she has no problem with her words or for attempting to put me on the spot, she does feel bad for confusing my mother.
She quickly covers it and then reaches out to shake my hand, stressing that she’s pleased to meet me.
The feel of her hand in mine is overwhelming and for a moment I can’t find any words, so I just reach down and gently press my lips to the back of her hand. I can feel the tingles of our touch going through my hand, up my arm and now across my lips and face. It’s euphoric and I want more. I want to touch every part of her body.
As I stare into her shimmering eyes, I catch a whiff of her arousal and Kai begins to purr in my head. These next two months before her birthday will be torture, but what a glorious torture it will be. And it gives me time to win her over so she accepts our bond.
I finally find my voice, “The pleasure is all mine Cara.” I watch her cheeks go pink again. Is she as affected by the bond as I am? She is a Guardian, so maybe her ability to sense the bond is stronger than most. Kai and I knew before today, it just wasn’t confirmed.
I have no intention of letting go of her hand until another couple comes up to wish me happy birthday. Reluctantly, I let go of her hand but I make sure to tell her to save me a dance before I watch her turn back toward where my father and an increasing number of warriors are standing around talking to Mr. Nelson.
-15 BONOS
###Chapter 52
I'm pulled into group after group of well wishers, asking about when I'll take over as alpha, will there be a graduation party, have I found my mate? I try to maintain the conversations as well as I can, but I’m watching Cara. I can’t look away, especially when Trevor and some other younger warriors approach her and it’s obvious they are talking about the jewelry I got her.
I can tell she didn’t understand why I chose those colors. I've seen Artemis in her eyes so many times this week when she received the gifts that it's become one of my favorite things about her. I've dreamt of those eyes and now she is wearing the jeweled version.
I keep my eyes on her as she heads over to the bar. I’ve somehow gotten surrounded by a group of unmated females and Sheila pushes herself front and center as if she belonged there.
I'm about to move away from all of them when I see Liam enter the clubhouse. He looks around finding Cara and he zeros in on her. A soft growl rumbles out of my chest.
‘Do something.” Kai yells in my head. ‘Get him away from her. She’s MINE!’ “Alpha, are you okay?” One of the girls around me asks.
Distractedly, I respond, still watching the interaction between Liam and Cara, ” Yeah, I just need to find my parents. Do you know where they are?”
The -helpful Sheila jumps in, “They are over there babe. Do you want me to get them for you?” She points to her left, near the stage. “No thanks, I got it.”
I start to head that way and watch as Liam and Cara go to speak to Mr. Nelson and the other warriors. Kai snarls at the way she smiles at him. I want her to
smile at me like that. I walk up to my father. “Hey dad, ready to get this show on the road?” “Absolutely son.”
He steps up on the stage and grabs a spoon to clink his glass and get the room's attention. I watch as my dad interrupts whatever sexy thing Liam was about to say to Cara, thank the goddess.
Dad gives a speech about me becoming Alpha, finding a love like his and mom’s, I’m working on it dad’, I think, and having lots of pups. The thought of having
+15 BONDS
pups with Cara has me instantly hard. Fuck, now I have to do something quick before the whole room sees me popping a tent in my pants.
Thankfully Dad tosses me the keys to a new car. I see the Porsche symbol on the key chain. I’m guessing it’s the 911 turbo I've had my eyes on for a while now. I don’t even know what to say. I walk over to my parents and quietly thank them while hugging each of them. It’s so much more than I ever expected.
I take the mic. Now, it’s time to let Cara know who her mystery man is.
As I thank everyone for coming, I can’t help making eye contact with her. Honestly, if no one else but her had come tonight, my party would have been the best I'd ever had. I make a point of saying that I hope to find my Luna. I already have, but she has to accept me when her birthday comes around.
And now, it’s do or die time.
“I would like to start off the dancing tonight by asking a very special woman to dance with me.” I see Liam stiffen out of the corner of my eye. He knows exactly what I’m about to do.
“Cara Nelson, may I have this dance?” I watch as her body straightens. It’s obvious by the way she wasn’t even looking in my
direction that she didn’t expect me to ask her.
She turns, looking at my hand outstretched to her with a shocked expression on her face. Along minute goes by before she steps up and accepts my hand. I give her a smile that could light up a room and hand the microphone to my father, before Ed Sheeran’s Perfect begins to play.
I pull her into me, wrapping one arm around her waist and taking her other hand in mine before beginning to sway to the music. Cooper
Author
Kal recognized Cara and Artemis as his mate! Woo-hoo!
24
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 53
Chapter 0053 When he asked me to dance, I stared at his hand for a moment. What is he doing?
When I collect myself, I put my hand in his. It’s his birthday and nearly the entire pack is here. There’s no way I can say no without it becoming a huge issue.
He pulls me into him, sliding his warm hand around my waist, and begins to dance. As I look up at him, I realize something I missed earlier. He’s dressed in at shirt that has a trim the same color as my dress. The collar, the cuffs and the trim down the buttons all match me. It looks like we are a couple that planned this.
When I look into his eyes, he is looking right at me, smiling, but I’m not having it. Thankfully, the music will hide our conversation as long as we keep it low.
“What is this?” I ask him, plastering a fake smile on my face for the crowd. “What is what, Cara?”
“This. This dance. Why me?”
“It's my birthday and I get to choose who I dance with, and I choose you.”
“Yes, but why? You have an entire entourage of women who would have given an ovary for you to ask them to dance but you asked me. Why? You didn’t even know who I was an hour ago.
“I didn’t know who Cara Nelson was, or I didn’t know that you were Cara Nelson?” “Is there a difference?” I spit the words at him, having difficulty maintaining my smile while we dance and talk.
If it was possible, his gaze on me became even more intense. “Cara Nelson is the daughter of Lily Nelson. Lily Nelson gave her life saving my mother and I when another pack attacked us. I was barely 6 years old at the time, but I remember that day like it was yesterday. Cara Nelson is also the daughter of Clint Nelson. Clint Nelson saved my father’s life during that same battle but it cost him the use. of his legs due to a massive spinal injury that could not be repaired, even though father brought in the best pack doctors from around the world and even some human spinal surgeons to try.”
my
My mouth had dropped open a little as I listened. I knew Alpha Anders had tried to help find someone to help my father, but I hadn't realized it was to that extent. “My father has dinner with Clint Nelson every Thursday without fail. I have asked every week for as long as I can remember if I could join him for those dinners,
12
but my father insists that that is his time with his friend. And since my father ordered the pack to give Mr. Nelson his privacy, I have never been able to visit and pay my respects. So instead, I go with my mother every Thursday to Lily Nelson's memorial to lay flowers and to thank her for her sacrifice.”
His eyes had gotten darker and I knew that Kai was present for this conversation. The absolute respect that Rik displayed while discussing my parents was shared by his wolf. I felt Artemis push forward as well to hear what he was saying and be present for this discussion.
“I thank the goddess every day that my parents and I are alive, which I know is only because of the sacrifice that was made by two of the most respected warriors that this pack has ever known. I have hoped to meet Cara Nelson my entire life. I have searched for her at every pack gathering, every pack event, at meals and events in the packhouse. But I have never stumbled across her.”
“Believe me,” he states as he continues to slowly spin us around the room, “I have wanted to know the woman that will be my Guardian. The woman that will swear her life to protect me when I become Alpha. I want to know who she is, but more importantly, I want her to know who I am. I want her to know that I am a man that is worth protecting. That I am a man that is worthy of the gift of a Guardian. I want her to know that I will be the kind of Alpha that deserves her respect, someone that she will be proud to say she is the Guardian for.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 54
“Do I know who Cara Nelson is? Yes, I absolutely do. Did I know that YOU were Cara Nelson? Not until one week ago. Not until I saw you at school and something inside of me drew me to you.”
I stared at him speechless. “All this time.” I whisper, shaking my head softly. “All this time, I thought you had no idea who I was or what my family had done. When you came up to me all arrogant and cocky at school” I smiled a little as I said it, well, it just confirmed for me that you had no idea who or what I was, and have no respect for my family’s sacrifice for yours.” ”
His arm tightened around me more, leaving nothing but our clothes between us. His warmth seeping into my skin, his words warming me deep into my heart and soul. He leaned his forehead down to touch mine. “That couldn’t be any further from the truth. And I meant what I said. I want you to know who I am. I want us to get to know each other. I want you to feel pride at being my Guardian, not feel that it’s a burden to you and Artemis.”
We danced like that for a few steps, when I finally heard the song that was playing. “Perfect, really? How did you get stuck dancing this song with me, Alpha?” 1
He lifts his head and cocks an eyebrow at me. “I chose it.”
I jerk my head back in response. “You chose it?” He nods at me smiling “Yep. There were several others that were in the running, but I chose this one.
“What other songs were in contention?” I asked, interested in how he made his choice. “All of Me which was a close second, Lover, but it seemed too soon for that one.” I scoffed.
Adevilish grin spread on his face. “There was that song from the 50 Shades of Grey‘ movie and if you’re into that kind of kink, I'm sure I can help you out with that.” He wiggled his eyebrows at me.
I couldn't help the laugh that escaped me as I blushed to the tips of my ears and decided to divert the conversation to safer topics. “So, why this one?”
“Well, none of them fit exactly, but this one was the best, especially since you wore the dress and jewelry I got for you.” I nearly stopped dancing. He covered for my missed steps until I could recover and continue dancing.
+15 BONOS
“You?” I whisper. “You are my mystery man?”
“lam.”
Artemis pushed forward again, wanting to clearly see the man and wolf that had honored her. I watched as Kai came forward and Rik’s glacial blue eyes darkened to sapphires. ‘I... Thank you.” Artemis’s voice layered over mine when I thanked him, making it deeper.
He smiled at me. It was a tender smile, gentle and sweet and full of promise. “You are most welcome.” His voice was also deeper with Kai’s voice added to his own.
“Is it true about the jewelry? That you had it made for me because it is what my eyes look like when Artemis is shining in them?”
“Yes.” He replied and looked a bit uncomfortable. “Would it sound creepy if I told you I’ve dreamt of those eyes several times this week?*.
I smirk at him. “Well, I guess that depends on what it is that I was doing in your dreams while you were looking at my...eyes.” I licked my lips as I said it, if his dreams had been anything like mine, they are about as far as you could get from platonic.
His eyes tracked to my lips and he looked sheepish. “Hmmm, you're just starting to sound willing to spend some time getting to know me. Perhaps we can save the dream discussions until our second date?”
“Our second date? Are you counting this as a date, Alpha?” I ask coyly. “Rik. Please, call me Rik. And no. When I take you on a date, you'll know it.”
The song slowly comes to an end, and he sings the final line to me, “You look. perfect tonight.”
We stand there, staring at each other, lost in each other, forgetting that we were in a room filled with other wolves. He opened his mouth to say something, when all hell breaks loose.
Cooper Author
And now Cara knows! Not only does Rik know who she is, but he’s her mystery man
27
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 55
Everything was perfect. Exactly as I had planned. I knew she’d be angry at first but unless she made a public spectacle of leaving me on the dance floor, I have about four and a half minutes to tell her how I feel.
I could see the change in her the minute I started telling her about her mother’s and father’s sacrifices. Her surprise, her mouth dropping open as I went on and on about what her family had done for mine.
As I continued my story, I felt Kai push forward. He wanted Artemis to know that he was also part of this, that he also appreciated what her parents had done for us. It has the desired effect as I see Artemis push forward to join the conversation as well.
I was so right about the jewelry. It’s a perfect match to her eyes when Artemis is forward. Her beautiful eyes which have haunted my dreams. Even though my entire focus is on her, I make sure that we continue our dance and I’m pleasantly surprised that she does not have any trouble following my lead. She’s perfect.
p to come
I continue to tell her that I've wanted to meet her for years, hoping across her at any pack event. Then letting her know that I want her to get to know me. This is key. I want, no, I need her to fall in love with me before she turns 18 and Artemis feels the mate bond. I want her to feel it before the bond takes effect, to know that it is me that she wants in her life.
I can feel her shock at what I’ve said and how she is struggling to adjust her lifetime of thinking about me with what I’ve just told her. I pull her closer, feeling my body tingling at the contact with her, even through our clothes. I touch my forehead to hers, needing the skin to skin contact, but also making it impossible. for her to look away from me. I want her to understand that this is just the beginning. I have every intention of making her mine, showing her how wonderful our life can be together.
I can tell the minute that it has become a bit overwhelming for her as she changes the subject and asks about my song choice. She seems completely taken off guard. when I tell her I chose the song for her. I tell her some of the other choices I went through before choosing this one. I smile internally at her blush when I mention ” 50 Shades of Grey’ and asking if that’s her kink. Her blush is beautiful but, as expected, she ignores my question and pushes back to her original question. I tell her I chose this one because I had really hoped that she would wear the dress and jewelry I bought her. She did, and she does look absolutely perfect.
So, when I tell her it was me that got them for her, I’m prepared when her steps +15 BONOS falter and I accommodate to make sure our dancing seems seamless to anyone watching.
When Artemis pushes forward and I hear them both thank us, Kai also pushes forward to reply with me. He was desperate to have her in our arms, and now that she is, he is calm and content in my head, practically willing to roll over and show Artemis his belly.
Then she asks me about the jewelry. So, someone recognized what I had done. Not hard if you’ve ever seen Artemis in her eyes. But then I decide to go a step further and let her know that I've been dreaming about her, hoping she won't specifically ask about the dreams. She doesn’t ask outright, but her devious smile gives her away. And, now I’m wondering if she’s been dreaming of me as well. Goddess I hope so.
When she licks her lips, it is all I can do to not kiss her. I don’t know if she’s ready for that yet and I don’t want to scare her off. ‘Kiss her! Kiss her!‘ Kai barks in my head. Instead, I tell her I’d rather save that for our second date, setting it up for her to go out with me at least twice.
When she asks me if I’m counting this as a date and then gives me that grin, it reminds me of the first lines of All of Me and why I nearly chose that song.
‘What would I do without your smart mouth?
Drawing me in and you kicking me out.
You've got my head spinning, no kidding I can’t pin you down.”
Yeah, she has a smart mouth and one day, very soon, I'll be punishing those beautiful lips with my own when she gets smart with me.
But I don’t want her to think of me as her Alpha, I want her to think of me as her lover, her mate, her friend, her partner. So I ask her to call me Rik. I let her know that when I take her out, she will know it’s a date. I’ve never had a reason or desire to really wine and dine a girl. They always fall at my feet and don’t seem to expect much from me other than a possibility of being the next Luna, which was never an option. 
###Chapter 56
But Cara is special. And I want her to know every day for the rest of her life how special she is to me. I don’t want there to ever be a doubt in her mind that she’s the one and only one for me. Since the moment I saw her across the quad at school, no one will ever compare to her in my eyes.
As the song comes to an end, I can’t help but sing the closing line to her. She is perfect, in every way. I'm caught in a trance looking into her eyes. I don’t know how long we would have stood there if things hadn't gone to shit.
The howls of the patrols sounding the alarm goes up at the same time that wolves come crashing into the clubhouse, seemingly from everywhere. I push Cara behind me as two wolves came right at us. I shift as I jump toward them, my clothes shredding around me. Kai begins ripping out throats, the smell of garbage a clear indication that they are rogues. All around me, warriors are shifting and fighting.
My father mindlinks the pack. “Warriors, get the rogues out of here, we need to protect those that cannot fight.” He’s right, with most of the pack here, there are pregnant females, pups and elderly that can’t shift any longer.
I open the mindlink to the pack. “Anyone that cannot fight, move toward the bathrooms. Warriors create a barrier around them to keep them safe.” I see a wolf racing toward a pregnant woman holding her young pup. Her mate is battling another wolf and can’t help her. I jump on the wolf, ripping his head off. I look at the woman and nod my head in the direction I want her to go. She clutches her child and takes off.
I see Cara from the corner of my eye. She hasn’t shifted but she’s taking out her share of rogues while corralling others into the back room by the bathrooms. I watch as she pushes a pup behind her, letting her claws come out as she slashes the throat of a rogue who jumped at her. She then picks up the pup and moves. toward the area where several warriors are setting up a perimeter to protect the pack members.
She finds her father. He has stationed himself front and center of the protection perimeter and even from here I can see he is barking out orders to the other warriors. His eyes are so golden that they look like small suns glowing out of his eyes. Donovan is fighting with Mr. Nelson. I watch as a rogue attempts to go for his throat, thinking he’s easy prey. Mr. Nelson catches the wolf in mid air with one hand and rips his head off with the claws of the other as if it was nothing. He
+15 BONOS may be in a wheelchair, but I will never underestimate that man’s fighting ability.
More rogues pour into the club. My father, Liam, Chase and our pack warriors are tearing into them, but there are so many and they just keep coming. Where are they even coming from? I begin tearing my way through more rogues, trying to help as many warriors as I can, when I hear a howl from outside. The rogues. begin to make their way out of the building. Oh hell no! You're not getting off that easily.
I follow them out of the building, seeing, for the first time, their true numbers. There are hundreds of them. On a hill a short distance away, I see their leader. He is looking right at me. His wolf is giving me a sly smile. He turns and runs off, away from the fighting. Coward!
Kai immediately begins to chase him. The leader’s wolf is big, but not as big ast Kai. We are gaining on him, but he’s smarter than I gave him credit for and he continues to evade us. Kai gets in a good swipe on this hindleg, but he continues
to run.
He runs through some bushes and we follow. It’s only after we come out into a small clearing that I smell them. It’s an ambush, and a well played one. There are. at least 20 wolves here and they surround me immediately.
Kai bares his teeth and begins snapping at them. The leader shifts back to his human form. “Alpha Rik, how kind of you to join
us. From behind me, I feel the pricks of several darts into my hindquarters.
The wolfsbane begins to flood my system and I’m forced to shift back as the drug knocks Kai out, effectively reducing me to a human.
I look up as the leader heads my way with silver handcuffs and shackles in his hand. “Now we wait for your Guardian.” Cooper
Author
Atrap for Cara
15 
###Chapter 57
The moment the wolves charge into the clubhouse, Rik pushes me behind him and shifts attacking two almost immediately. I only have a moment to appreciate the quickness of his shift before I’m faced with my own wolves.
Artemis pushes forward, about to shift, when Alpha Anders shouts to get those that can’t fight to safety and for warriors to protect them. As I look around, I realize I need to stay in human form for now and help get those that need help to safety.
Artemis stays forward, using her claws to slice through any of the rogues that get in our way. We begin moving mothers, pups and the elderly to the safe zone. I see my father wheeling his way over to where the non-fighters will be. He will handle the perimeter set up.
I see a pup cowering on the floor, alone and crying. A rogue goes for her but Artemis slices into his side from neck to flank. The wolf yelps and falls before she rips his throat out. I grab the pup and begin to head to the safe zone. Another wolf jumps at me. I push the pup behind me before slashing the throat out of this one as well. I grab the pup and get her behind the line of warriors my father is setting up. He is barking orders at them, getting them into formation when he calls my name.
I take out another wolf as I move toward him. “Cara! Stay with Alpha Rik. That is your job. Protect the future Alpha.” I nod once to acknowledge him as a howl echos from outside.
The rogues all begin to pull back and I see Kai jumping out of the building through one of the many holes made by the rogues. I let Artemis forward to shift and I follow after Rik.
When I get outside, I see the sheer number of wolves that have the building surrounded. Artemis lifts her head and howls a warning to those inside. Our warriors can take them, but they need to be prepared, and I don’t think anyone knew there were this many rogues working together to attack our pack. Alpha Anders links me and I let him know of the large number of rogues outside and that I’m going after Rik,
I catch his scent and begin to follow after him. He has taken off on his own. I don’t have time to wonder why he would do that, as I am under constant attack by the rogues. I take them down one after another and continue to follow Rik and
Kai's
scent.
+15 BONOS
As I come up to a group of bushes, I can smell the scent of many wolves, but also Rik’s scent. It smells off. ‘Wolfsbane.‘ Artemis tells me. ‘I can’t hear Kai. They must have captured them.”
‘So, it’s a trap?‘ I ask her. ‘Most likely.’
I reach out via mindlink to my father. “Dad, it seems that Alpha Rik has been captured by the rogues. I’m going after him, but it seems to be a trap. I'll let you know more when I can.” Before he can respond, I close the link and jump through the bushes.
When I'm clear of the bushes, I see a man holding Rik by the hair, a knife to his throat. Rik is naked except for the handcuffs and shackles on him. He’s on his knees, his throat exposed because of the way the leader is yanking his head back. The leader is a giant of a man. He smells like a wolf, but he is built like a bear shifter. His skin is the color of dark chocolate, his black hair trimmed close to his head. He has a thin mustache that follows the curve of his generous upper lip. His body is ripped, his chest looks like boulders on top of a trim 8-pack. His biceps are larger than my thighs and so ripped they look like they could cut diamonds.
I look around, slowly walking in a circle. There are at least 20, probably closer to 25 wolves surrounding me. One makes the mistake of coming too close and Artemis rips his throat out.
“Guardian!” The leader yells to get my attention. I turn back to him, watching as Rik struggles against his restraints. Without Kai, there is little chance that he will be able to get away.
I shift back to my human form. It’s the only way for me to find out what this guy wants. Rik snarls as I stand fully naked in front of so many men. The leader takes his time looking over my body. I don’t care, it's just skin and flesh. “Guardian.” Now his voice sounds like a purr. He tosses me a shirt. It reeks of garbage, but I put it on anyway.
“You seem to know who I am, which means you should know my purpose. You have my Alpha, so you are either stupid or crazy.” I cock my head to the side. ” Which is it?”
Ten darts hit my chest in rapid succession. Artemis snarls loudly as Rik yells and thrashes against the leader.
I pull one out and smell it. “Wolfsbane? Really? Okay, you’re stupid. I'MA GUARDIAN BITCH! I’m immune to wolfsbane.” I yell at him as I rip the other
nine darts out of my chest. 
###Chapter 58
I see fear in his eyes for a moment before it turns to something else. Desire, lust, whatever that look is, it makes my stomach turn.
“Well, I will admit, I had high hopes for you Guardian, but you are already exceeding my expectations.” He says with hunger in his voice as his eyes darken.
“Oh, you have no idea what misery you've just brought upon yourself and your band of rogues.” I state as I let my guardian aura out, full force. The wolves surrounding me fall to the ground, submitting to me immediately, some yelping and whining on the ground. Four others fall out of the trees, their dart guns landing beside them. I watch as the leader struggles to not submit as I focus my aura on him. Even Rik is sweating at my power.
“Enough!” He yells and digs the tip of the knife into Rik’s neck, drawing blood.” Drop the aura or I drop your alpha.” “You kill my alpha, and I no longer have a reason to keep you alive.” I retort, but I let my aura drop.
The wolves around me are panting and sweating, some still writhing in pain. I look back at the leader. “I know who you are. You're the Banished Beta, Eli Gunner.”
He nods his head in acknowledgement of my assessment. “Close, I’m an Alpha now.”
I snort and lift my nose in the air. “You don’t smell like an Alpha, you smell like a Beta. Just because you give yourself a title doesn’t mean it’s yours.”
He snarls at me and the knife slides closer to Rik’s neck again. “I'll remind you that if you spill anymore of my Alpha’s blood that your life is forfeit, Beta.” I stress the title.
I start pacing, following Artemis’s path in my head. She wants blood, she wants to kill these wolves and get Rik back to safety. “So,” I ask, “what does a self- proclaimed Alpha want with my Alpha?”
“You mean future Alpha, don’t you Guardian? He’s not the Alpha yet. After all, titles seem to be important to you.” He sneers at me.
I sneer back at him, “He smells more like an Alpha than you do.”
Eli grits his teeth. “Not for long. I have a plan.”
“And that plan involves you kidnapping and threatening my Alpha? You do know +15 BONOS
that Artemis is named after the Greek goddess of the hunt, and we will hunt you down like the dog you are to the ends of the earth if we must, and kill you for this affront.”
“Then, I guess it’s a good thing that your Alpha’s,” he stresses the word, “role in this abduction has come to an end.”
My eyes flicker to Rik’s. I’m assessing how long it will take me to reach him. versus how fast Eli can flick his wrist to slice his throat open. I know I'll never make it. The look in his eyes says that I shouldn't even try. But I have to. I have to try. I move to step forward.
“lll make a deal with you Guardian.” His words halt my forward motion. My eyes shift back to Eli. “And that is?” “Your Alpha was a pawn. What I want is you.".
“Me?” I’m intrigued. Does he really think that my allegiance can be shifted like this? Like most of the rogues in this makeshift pack have shifted.
“Yes, you. If you agree to come with me willingly, I will let your Alpha go.” “NO!” Rik yells. “I forbid it Cara.”
“Oh pup, look who is stupid now.” Eli taps Rik’s face condescendingly. “Don’t you know anything about Guardians Alpha?” He snarls out the title, “The Alpha command doesn’t work on them. Honestly, it’s like you don’t even deserve to have a Guardian.”
He looks back up at me. “So, Cara, do we have a deal?”
“How do I know that you'll let him go?”
“lll knock him out and leave him here for his people to find, if you will put these handcuffs on.” he tosses me a set of handcuffs. “But I'll warn you, if you struggle, I will kill him.”
but
I look at Rik for a long moment. He is shaking his head ‘no’ as best as he can, I know this is what I have to do. This is who I am. It's what I’ve trained for my whole life. And, I also know that there is no way that my father, my pack or Liam and his pack, will just let me go. They will come for me. Eli Gunner, whether intentionally or not, is starting a war.
“I agree.”
“Nooooo!” Rik screams before Eli injects him in the neck with something that knocks him out cold. He lets Rik drop to the ground but stays where he is.
+15 DONOS “The handcuffs Guardian.”
I pick them up off the ground and click them into place on my wrists, the silver burning and causing Artemis to weaken, but not totally lose consciousness. Eli comes to stand beside me, taking my arm. “Let’s go.” And he begins walking, pulling me along with him.
H
Cooper 
###Chapter 59
As the wolves rush into the clubhouse, the warriors around me scatter, jumping into their wolf form. Donovan pushes forward wanting to shift, but I hold him back. It is easier for us to fight in this form, partially shifted. My canines and claws extend and I begin fighting the rogues, putting myself in front of those that cannot fight or are protecting the pups.
Alpha Anders‘ command to move the non-fighters to a safe area and set up a perimeter comes immediately before I get a private mindlink from him asking me to lead the perimeter protecting the weakest of the pack. I immediately agree and begin heading that way, taking down wolves as I go. o
I get into place and begin ordering the warriors, who seem to be in chaos, not knowing which way to direct their efforts. A line begins to form and others help. those that cannot fight get behind our lines.
Cara brings a pup over and pushes them behind our line. I tell her to get back to Alpha Rik. Others can help with the pups but only she can protect our future alpha.
I hear the how! that calls the rogues back and watch as Cara jumps through a hole in the wall to head outside. Her howl of warning tells me that there are way more of these rogues than we expected. I take out a final wolf trying to sneak past us to get out, before turning to make sure that everyone behind us is safe and okay. I mindlink one of the pack doctors to join us to look at the unshifted pups. Some of them have injuries and without their wolves, they won't heal quickly. We also have some pregnant females and I don’t want anyone losing their pups because of stress or a bump that they didn’t feel because of the adrenaline rush.
As I work to make sure everyone inside is okay, I hear the battle continuing outside. The rogues may have planned to run away, but our pack warriors are not letting them get away.
I feel Cara mindlink to me
that Alpha Rik has been captured and that she’s going after him, but it feels like a trap. She says she’ll update me when she can but she closes the link before I can respond.
I immediately try to link to Anders, but his mind is locked, most likely busy in a fight. I grit my teeth. I should be out there helping him. I wheel myself toward an opening, trying to find a way out.
Awolf is flying through the air toward me, I grab him in one hand, and tear his head off with the other before letting him drop to the ground. I look up to see
+15 BONOS
Chase’s wolf, Nash, grinning at me, blood all over his muzzle. He nods his head at me then jumps on another wolf, tossing him at me. We keep this up and a couple other warriors join in. They take them down, I take them out.
When things settle down, Anders comes over to slap me on the shoulder. “See, I told you we still needed you.”
“Anders listen,” I cut him off, “Cara linked me a while ago. Alpha Rik was captured and she was going after him. I haven’t heard any more from her.”
“Do you know where they were?” He asks, moving into Alpha mode.
“No, she didn’t...” I'm cut off as Cara mindlinks me again, “Rik is in the western territory, he is unconscious. I have traded myself for him. Send someone to get him. I don’t know where they are taking me, but I'll let you know more as I can. I don’t think they realize that our connection is stronger than a normal pack connection.” The mindlink broke off.
Donovan howled in my head and before I could stop him, he shifted and pulled me out of the wheelchair. His back legs don’t work any
etter than my legs, but he doesn’t care. He starts dragging us using his front legs. ‘Our pup needs us!‘ “Donovan,” Anders puts his hand on my wolf’s shoulder, “What is it, what happened?”
I mindlink him to tell him what Cara told me. He shouts orders to send people to go get Rik before turning back to me. “Donovan, we'll get her. We won't let them have her.” Alpha Liam steps up, “Have who? Did someone take Cara?”
Anders turns to Liam, “Yes. Cara mindlinked Clint. Someone captured Rik and Cara traded places with him. He is apparently unconscious and she has been taken away.”
He turns back to me, “Donovan, give Clint back control. I promise you, my word as an Alpha, we will get your daughter back.” Donovan reluctantly gives me control and I shift back. Anders shouts for
someone to bring my wheelchair and he and Liam lift me back into it. Someone brings me a towel and lays it across my lap. 
###Chapter 60
“We need a plan. Let’s get back to the packhouse and make one. We captured some wolves, we'll interrogate them and see what they know.
I get in my van, putting on a spare set of clothes. When I arrive back at the packhouse, they are just bringing Alpha Rik in. Rik I'm so pissed at myself for getting captured. I know better, but I fell right into the trap.
I'm not surprised when Cara, or should I say Artemis, shows up, but I am shocked at how large she is. I hadn't realized it when I saw her in the woods. before training. She is definitely the size of an alpha wolf. Her beautiful brown fur is the same color as Cara’s hair.
I watch as she assesses the situation, taking in all of the rogues surrounding her. I can’t help but feel pride when she takes one out just for getting too close to her. She’s amazing to watch in action..
The leader gets angry when she kills one of his wolves but his entire demeanor changes as she shifts into her human form, naked for all of them to see. I can’t help the snarl that bursts from my mouth, as I watch the wolves literally licking their lips as they stare at what’s mine.
Thank the goddess for small favors, the leader gives her a shirt to put on. I can see her nose twitch when she gets a whiff of it. Yeah, rogues stink.
I'm shocked when the wolfsbane does not affect her. For a second I was terrified but her anger was glorious. Then when she pushed her aura out. It was like nothing I’ve ever seen or felt before. As an Alpha, I can feel the aura of other alphas, but I’m not affected. This? This was something else. I’m not sure if I felt the need to submit because Kai is out cold or if her power is just that strong. I watch the other wolves whining and writhing on the ground. “That’s my girl. Kick
ass!"
I don’t even care about the knife he digs into my throat. If only one of us is going to survive this, it’s going to be her. But she drops her aura when he threatens me. Then she calls him the Banished Beta, Eli Gunner. I know that name, but I can’t recall where or why.
I have to admit, she’s good at getting under his skin. And I agree with her, he doesn’t smell like an Alpha, but I can’t smell more than the rogue on him without
+15 BONOS Kai.
When he says my role in this is over, I’m ready to be killed. After watching her in action, I know that once I’m gone, Cara will survive. I’m sad that she’ll never know that I was her mate, but she will live and maybe she and Liam will end up together. He would be good to her, although the thought of her with anyone else makes me sick.
But then he says he wants to make a deal, me for her. I can’t help myself, I have to jump in and try to order her to stand down. I know it won't work, but it's the only choice I have, because I know her. I know her family, I know their history. They will give everything for the ones they protect. And I don’t know if I can live with myself if she dies for me.
I always had respect for the Nelson family, for what they did for mine. But right here, right now, I also realize the toll that it has taken on my parents. To live with the guilt that someone gave their life for you? I don’t know that I’m strong enough to live with that. I don’t want to live without her, and I know Kai won't either. She may not know yet that I’m her mate, but we know. And now that I know that she’s meant to be mine? There could never be another to take her
place.
l ignore the Beta’s taunting me about being stupid. I need Cara to look at me, to see that I don’t want her to do this. I don’t want her to take my place.
When she finally looks at me, I beg her with my eyes to not do this. I shake my head as much as I can. But I can see the resolve in her eyes, she ignores my request and agrees to his demand. I scream at her to stop. But before I can say any more, I feel the needle in my neck and everything goes black.
H
Cooper
Author
What did you think of Clint’s perspective?
22 
###Chapter 61
Eli covers my head with a hood, so I can’t see where we are going. It’s enough for me to breathe and also to see bits of light here and there, but nothing specific. We walk for most of the night before we get to a group of cars. “Where are you taking me?” It's not the first time I've asked, and I’m met with the same silence I received every other time. Eli hasn’t said a word to me since we left.
We get to a large SUV, he takes the hood off, opens a bottle of water and offers it to me. Since it wasn’t open before he offered it, I open my mouth and let him pour it in. I can go a long time without water but if he’s offering, I'll take what I can get when I can get it.
When I'm done, he puts silver shackles on my ankles, puts the hood back on, then shoves me into the back of the SUV, sliding the cargo cover over me. Now, no one can see me from the outside and what little I could see out of the bag over my head is covered.
I take this opportunity to mindlink my dad. “Dad, can you hear me?”
“CARA! Cara, are you alright, where are you?”
“Dad. I’m okay. We've been walking all night. I think we continued west, but I’m not totally sure. My head has been covered.” “We have trackers out searching for you right now. They picked up the trail. where we found Rik.”
“Is he okay?”
“Yes. He has come back around. The wolfsbane is still in his system, but he ist recovering slowly. Honey, where are you?”
“I don’t really know. There were some cars parked in a clearing. That is where I am now. I’m in the back of a black or dark colored SUV, it has four doors and a hatchback. I didn’t see a road and I can’t see anything now because they put at cargo cover over me.”
“Do you know what they want? Rik said it’s Eli Gunner?” “Yes, it’s Eli. He told us he is an Alpha now, but when I said he didn’t smell like one, he said he had a plan. I’m not sure what that means and he hasn't said anything else about it.”
“We're coming for you honey. Stay strong, do whatever you have to do to survive. You're a fighter, you’re a Guardian and you're my daughter!”
Li +15 BONOS
“You've trained me well dad. I'll be putting all that training to good use now. We’ve started moving. I don’t know how much longer I'll be able to contact you, but I will when I can. I love you dad.”
“I love you sweetheart. Stay strong!”
The mindlink cut out. I wanted to stay awake and try to figure out where we were going, but the long night and the sound of tires on the road lulled me to sleep.
I don’t know how long I slept, but when I woke, I could hear voices up front talking about where to stop. “Hey, I need to pee.‘ It was quiet for a minute. Then an unfamiliar voice said, “You'll have to hold it.” “For how long? It’s been hours and I can only hold it for so long.” I replied, hoping we would stop and maybe I could see
something to figure out where I was. It was quiet again, then that same voice replied, “We'll stop in the next 30 minutes. Hold it for now.
I'm guessing he’s mindlinking Eli, which means he’s not in this car. I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. After a while, I feel the car slow down and turn right. We immediately begin bouncing around like we're on an unpaved road, or possibly just driving into a forest somewhere. The jolts are making my already aching shoulders hurt even more, but I stay quiet.
We finally stop and the back hatch opens. The cargo cover is removed and I can see light, but not much more. “Get out". +15 BONOS
###Chapter 62
“Yes sir, Mr. Gruff and Grumpy.” I move to get out of the car, trying not to stumble with my arms and legs bound. When I finally get out of the car, I stand up and....nothing.
“Hello? Did you want me to squat right here? I can’t see anything and I can
barely move, idiot.” He snarls at me, grabbing my arm and yanking me close to his face. Even through the hood I can smell his rancid breath. It makes me gag. Shut the fuck up little girl or I'll shut you up.”
A ferocious snarl sounds behind him and the next thing I know, he is ripped away from me. The Beta. I can smell him through the stench of rogue. “I apologize for my companion’s lack of manners.” He pulls the hood off my head. I squint at the light before my eyes adjust.
“Yeah. Kidnapping? No problem. Bad manners? Definitely worthy of a beatdown.” “Did anyone ever tell you that you have a smart mouth?”
“I might have heard that once or twice.” I give him a fake smile. “So, where are these top-notch facilities that I've heard so much about?”
He leans close to me. “I’m going to enjoy taming you.” He whispers. “Not gonna happen, Beta.” I stress his title again.
“We'll see.” He takes my arm gently and walks me past where another guy, I’m guessing the one that threatened me, lays unconscious on the ground. He walks me into the woods and points to an area away from everyone else. “You can go over there.”
He goes to turn his back to give me privacy. “How am I supposed to pee with my hands handcuffed behind my back and my feet shackled?” 1
He turns back to me and gives me an evil grin. “Very carefully.”
“Asshole” I mumble under my breath, knowing he can hear me. I find a spot near a tree that I can use to leverage myself into a squat without falling into my own pee. I really do have to go.
While I pee, I look around and there is absolutely nothing but forest. ‘Artemis, can you hear anything that could give us an idea of where we are?*
I feel her perk up a bit, the silver keeping her from full strength. Most wolves would be completely out, so I’m thankful I have her even at minimal strength.” I’m weak but I can’t hear anything.’
+15 BONOS “Damn, me either.’
“Hurry up over there.” Eli hollers at me. I do my best to shake dry before moving- back toward him. I’m looking everywhere but there is nothing. I sigh, it was a smart place to stop, I'll give him credit for that.
“How much longer?” I ask.
“It'll be a while yet. Hop back in and make yourself at home.” He states when we get back to the car. I notice the unconscious guy is still on the ground. Will they just leave him here? I don’t bother to ask, hoping they have forgotten that my hood isn’t on.
“It's getting dark. If you think you can behave, I'll leave the hood off for now.”
“I can behave.” I state with the smile of a perfect little angel.
He snorts then tells me to get in. I do as requested and he pulls the cargo cover back over me.
I listen as someone asks him what to do with the guy on the ground. “Leave him. If he can’t follow orders, he can’t be part of the
pack.” Interesting.
I reach out to my father again via mindlink. “Dad?” I wait but hear nothing. Dad, can you hear me?” Still nothing. “Dad, if you can hear me. We just stopped in some woods. They let me pee, so my scent is out here. But there was nothing else around, no power lines, no buildings, no lakes or streams that I could hear. Just woods.” I pause for a moment to see if I'll hear anything. “I hope you can hear me so you know that I’m ok.”
I lay my head down and close my eyes, resting while I have time. Cooper
Author
Updates occur daily.
17 
###Chapter 63
I slowly open my eyes and take in my surroundings. I’m in my bedroom, with an IV in my arm. Suddenly everything comes rushing back to me and I bolt upright in bed. “CARA!”
My mother rushes to my bed as I start to crawl out. “Honey, hold on. Everyone is here. They have trackers out looking for her. Let me call the doctor.”
get up and rip the IV from my arm. “I don’t need a doctor mom; I need to find. her.” I shout at my mother, before pushing past her. I sniff the air and smell everyone in my father’s office. I barge in without knocking. “Where is she?” I bark at the room.
“Son. You need to calm down. We have trackers out looking for her right now.” My father stands from his chair, his hands up, arms outstretched in a ‘calm down
gesture. “You don’t understand! He wanted her. He never wanted me. I was the pawn to get to her!” I’m still shouting.
Mr. Nelson speaks up. “Alpha Rik. No one wants my daughter back more than I do. But right now, we need level heads and calm minds. Take a couple deep breaths, then have a seat and tell us what you know.”
He may be the only one that is able to get me to calm down right now. While I disagree that he wants her back more than I do, I believe he wants her home almost as much as I do. I take a couple deep breaths as I look around the room to see who is in on the planning.
My father and Mr. Nelson are leading the discussion. Liam is here with his Beta, Dustin. Dad’s Beta and Chase’s father, Charles, is here, as is Chase.
I sit down in front of my father’s desk and start at the beginning. I tell them how I followed the leader when I saw him on the hill and he took off. How I was ambushed and that once he had me, he wanted to wait for Cara.
“Son, do you know who he is?” Dad asks me.
“Cara called him the Banished Beta. It rang a bell to me but...” I stop abruptly and Liam jumps to his feet. “Arey
sure? That's what she called him? The Banished Beta?” Liam looks half crazed as he asks.
“Yes, Eli Gunner, the Banished Beta.”
+15 BONOS
“Son of a Bitch!” Liam shouts as Dustin jumps up and puts a restraining hand on his shoulder.
“Liam. What do you know?” asks Mr. Nelson.
Liam walks over and punches the wall before leaning his head against it and banging his fist against the wall repeatedly but with less force. He turns around and looks at everyone, his eyes stopping at me. “The Banished Beta killed my mother.”
It feels as if the air is sucked out of the room. The man that killed Luna Estella now has my mate? Even though Kai isn’t at full strength, I can feel his anger. He is starting to wake up.
I turn to my father. “Then why are we just sitting here? We have to do something!”
“We wouldn't have to do anything if you hadn’t run off half cocked like you did. And then, what? You just gave up your Guardian to save yourself?” Liam steps. towards me and I stand up to face him. He gets in my face and he’s lucky Kai isn’t fully back yet, or I’d have leveled him. As it was my hand went flying toward his face to punch him, only to be stopped with force.
I looked down to see Mr. Nelson holding my arm in one hand and Liam’s in the other.
“Stand down NOW Alphas.” His aura, while impressive, isn’t as strong as his daughters’. But, it has enough impact to make us stop, long enough for him to go
1. on.
“If you aren’t in this room to help my daughter, get out now. If you are, then I expect you to work together. Am I understood?” Liam and I continue to stare at each other.
“AM I UNDERSTOOD?” He barks at us. Both of us look at him. “Yes, sir.” in unison.
we say
I sit back down, my head in my hands. I scrub my face with my hands before looking up at everyone. “Cara’s my mate. I would never have let her take my place if I could have stopped it. I tried to make her stand down. My alpha aura didn’t work, as I knew it wouldn't. I tried to convince her not to take my place. But she didn’t listen.” I look at Mr. Nelson, “She is her parents’ daughter after all and she takes her role as Guardian very seriously.”
+16 BONDS
###Chapter 64
Chapter 0064 Out of the corner of my eye, I see Liam sit back down, hard. “How do you know she’s your mate?” He asks.
“Kai recognized her as our mate as soon as he saw her last night. I didn’t tell her because I wanted to give her time to turn 18 and find out on her own. But now....”
“We'll find her,” my father says.
They begin to update me on the trackers’ progress. They are heading west following her scent and a strong scent of rogues. Dad and Liam are looking at a map, trying to decide our next course of action when Mr. Nelson shouts, “Cara!”
The room goes silent as we wait for him to tell us what is going on. “She’s ok, they've been walking all night.”
He looks over at me and speaks out loud, “Yes, He has come back around. The wolfsbane is still in his system but he is recovering slowly. Honey, where are you?”
I feel sick. She has been kidnapped and is goddess only knows where, but she’s asking about me.
“They've taken her to a place where there are parked cars. She’s in the back of a dark colored 4—door hatchback SUV. She didn’t see a road and now she can’t see anything.”
“Ask her if she knows what they want.” My dad says.
“Eli says he’s an Alpha now and he has some plan. Cara doesn’t know what it is.”
L
“They are on the move.” He tells us as he moves over to the map.
“If they were heading west, where is the best place to store a bunch of cars, out of sight?”
I stand up to look at the map. There is a small clearing about 20 miles west near enough to a road that it could be the spot. Just as I see it, Alpha Liam points to it. “There. I bet that’s where they are. We need to get someone there now.”
I turn to leave. “Where are you going son?” My father asks. I look back at him. “I’m going to find her.”
Liam moves to follow me. “I’m going as well.” I look at him and nod. We'll have to put our differences aside if we want to find her, and I don’t care who finds her, as long as she’s found and brought back unharmed. Plus, Liam is out for blood. If
this guy killed his mom, Liam won't stop until he finds him.
As we walk out of the office, I stop and turn to Liam. “A word.”
Liam looks at Dustin. “I'll meet you at the car.”
I wait until Dustin is out of earshot before I turn to Liam. “She’s my mate. That means you keep your hands off her.”
Liam steps up into my space. He’s only an inch taller than I am, so we're basically eye to eye. “You don’t know that she'll choose you, even if you are her fated mate. You didn’t even know who she was last week. And, I’m not sure you truly appreciate the amazing woman she is, aside from being a Guardian.”
I growl low and push my chest against his. “She’s my mate. That has nothing to do with her being a Guardian. You will keep your hands off of her. She’s mine!” I snarl at him.
He narrows his eyes at me. “Fine, I'll keep my hands off of her on one condition.” He pauses, but I wait him out. “You don’t interfere with me seeing her and if she chooses me, you let her go.”
I don't like it. I know they are much closer than she and I are, but I need him to agree to not touch her. “Fine. She decides.” I step back and put my hand out. He reaches out and we shake on it.
We both head outside and get in our cars. Time for me to see if this Porsche is as fast as they say it is.
Cooper
Author
Now they know that Cara is
is Rik’s mate.
920
###Chapter 65
920 Chapter 0065 +15 BONOS
It's nearly dawn when we stop again. The hatch is opened and I stand up, stretching out my aching muscles as best as I can. This time we’re at what looks like an abandoned packhouse. I look around. Most everything here is dilapidated. It looks like the building could collapse at any moment.
“What is this place?” I ask. Eli walks up beside me, taking my arm. “It’s your new home Cara.” “The place could definitely use a womans touch. Is that why I’m here? Interior decorating? ‘Cause that’s not really my speciality.”
We walk inside and I can see that at least some work has been done to make the inside more liveable. The kitchen and appliances seem to be in working order, so there’s electricity at least. He walks me through what looks to be a living room that has cushions sitting on the floor and an old, smelly couch in the corner. I can see the faded paint on the wall where there once was a television, but that’s long gone.
“This is all that remains of the Silver Dawn Pack,” he finally says.
I look at him. “Your old pack?” He nods, looking around as if seeing the place for
the first time.
“Yep, with your help, we will restore this pack to its former glory, make it even stronger than it was before. Better.”
“So, let me get this straight. You're old Alpha was defeated by Alpha Leander almost 20 years ago. And, because you were the Beta heir at the time, you think that his death makes you the new Alpha and you plan to restore and rebuild the pack using rogues?”
He turns and looks at me. “Rogues and you.” “Me?”
“Yes, how else can I create the strongest heir possible. I'll take you as my mate and you'll produce my heirs. Because I am an Alpha and you are a Guardian, our pups will be strong. Stronger than any other Alpha and no one will be able to take this pack from us.”
My stomach turned at what he was saying. “You’re crazy. Why would I agree to be your mate?” “Your agreement is preferable, but not required. If you won't agree to be my +15 NONOS
mate, I'll mark you anyway. Eventually the mate bond will kick in and you won't be able to resist it or me. Then, together, we will rebuild this pack and make it the largest and strongest pack in the country. Maybe even the world.”
“So this is your grand plan? Take me, a Guardian, as a mate, rebuild your pack from the dilapidated ashes of the past and what, restore your name? Has anyone ever told you that you have delusions of grandeur?”
“You were the key, and now you are here.” My lip curls in disgust. “I will never take you as a mate.”
“We'll see about that.” He turns to me, grabs my hair, ripping my head to the side before sinking his canines into my marking spot.
The pain is overwhelming and I scream before the blackness takes over and everything goes dark.
I wake slowly feeling pain throughout my entire body. ‘Artemis, can you hear me? She doesn’t respond.
I look around and see that I am in a bedroom. My arms are handcuffed over my head to a metal headboard. I take inventory of my surroundings, seeing nothing more than a small dresser on the other side of the room. I realize that my body has been washed and I’m wearing a different shirt than the one before, this one a button down. It smells more strongly of the Beta. I don’t want to think too much about who may have stripped and washed me.
I move my legs, focusing on my pubic area. I don’t feel any pain and I’m thankful it doesn’t appear that he has tried to complete the mate bond while I was unconscious.
I'm looking around trying to find anything that will help me escape when the door opens and Eli walks in. “Hello mate.”
“You're disgusting. No true Alpha would have to force a mate bond. True Alphas have she-wolves falling at their feet.” I sneer at him.
“Well, mate,” he stresses the word, “you may have noticed that we do not have any she—-wolves in our pack. The males in this pack have yet to find their mates. Or, in some instances, they have lost their mate, but are hoping for a second chance mate. It is something that I have promised them. We will search for their mates, and when they are found, we'll bring them here so they can have the families they desire.”
+15 BONOS “Even if it is against their will?” “Do you not feel the pull to me mate? The mate bond is very strong, very powerful. You cannot fight it.”
“Funny, I have absolutely no desire to do anything other than kill you right
now.” I spit at him. “Why don’t you remove these handcuffs and let’s see how much ‘love’ I can show you?” I taunt him. His eyes narrow at me and he cocks his head to the side anything toward me?” He seems surprised.
“Not even a little.”
“You really don’t feel
He walks over to me, sitting on the bed beside me. He reaches for the shirt, unbuttoning the buttons. I snarl at him. “Don’t touch me!”
“Let's see how resistant you are when I lick my mark.” He pulls the shirt to the side and stops. A look of shock on his face. “Where is it? Where is it?” He screams pushing the shirt farther off my shoulder. He directs his furious gaze at me. “You're not 18?”
“Sorry Beta.” I make sure to stress the title again. “I guess you kidnapped me for nothing. The mate mark won't stick until I’m of age.” I shrug my shoulders. “I guess you're screwed.”
He sits there, fuming for several minutes before a hideous grin spreads across his face. “Well then, little mate, I guess I’ll just have to keep marking you until it sticks.”
My arrogant smile falls and I grit my teeth. He stands up looking down at me. I'll have some food sent up for you. I’d suggest you eat and keep your strength up. You were out for two days after I marked you the first time. Now I'll have to mark you every 2 to 3 days until you come of age.”
He leans in close, rubbing his nose against mine. I turn my head as far away as I can. He rubs his nose across my cheek to my ear and whispers, “Let’s hope your birthday is soon my sweet little mate.” 
###Chapter 66
I get to the clearing in record time. The trackers are already there and there are 20 wolves swarming the place. I get out of my car and walk over to Derrick, our lead tracker. “What have you got?”
“Alpha. As you can see here, there were about 15 vehicles. We have a stronger scent of our packmate here,” He points to an area that has been sectioned off.
I get down on all fours and sniff the ground. The smell is faint but it’s there. Vanilla, a lighter scent of lavender overlaid with honey.
I look up at him. “That's her.” He nods in acknowledgement. “Which way did they go?”
He points to tire tracks in the grass. “It appears they headed to the road going that way, and based on the direction of their tire tracks, I'd say they headed north when they reached the road.*
I nod, walking the path of the tire tracks as my phone rings. I look at the caller ID and answer my father’s call. “Yeah?”
“Son, Clint got another message from Cara.” Shit, I can’t even feel my father from here. She is even farther away and able to mindlink her father? Her strength is amazing.
“What did she say?” I ask as Liam joins me and I put the phone on speaker for him to hear.
“They stopped to let her pee.” Both of our heads shoot up as Liam and I look at each other. We'll be able to find her more easily if she left that kind of scent.
“Was she able to give any indication of where she might be?” Liam asks.
Mr. Nelson answers Liam’s question. “She said there was nothing. No buildings, no flowing water, no power lines, nothing but forest.”
“Based on what Derrick is saying, they think they're headed north. Any place north from our location that meets that description?” lask.
It's quiet for a few minutes. “There’s nothing directly north, but there is a forest on the western side of the Appalachian Mountains that meets these parameters.”
“Send us the coordinates. We're on our way.” Liam and I start back to our cars as the text from my father pings on my phone. I look at Liam. “Got it?”
He looks at me, “Yeah, got it.”
+15 BONOS
“Ok, see you there.”
I push the Porsche to its limits. Five hours later, I arrive at the coordinates my father sent. ‘Kai, are you with me buddy?* ‘Yeah, let's go find our mate, or at least find where she was.
I walk into the forest and shift, letting Kai take over. He sniffs the air, turning in different directions before catching a slight whiff of vanilla and taking off. I give him control, letting his hunting instincts take over. He alternates between having his nose to the ground and having his nose in the air. We're an hour in when I hear a howl. It’s Liam. He’s finally arrived and letting me know he’s here. I howl in return, letting him know where we are.
Kai and I found the spot where she peed. We followed her scent to where she must have gotten back in the SUV. We continued pushing on, following the barest hint of vanilla in the air, having to stop periodically to catch the light scent again. Soon enough, I hear Cyran’s paws digging into the loamy earth, heading our way. I let out a bark to let him know I’m close, even though I know he can smell me. He approaches me and shifts. I do the same. Apparently, he wants to chat.
“What's up?” I ask as I stand.
“I think we need to regroup. I know you want to continue to follow her faint smell, but it's very likely that we'll lose her scent soon.”
He’s right. I know he’s right, but I can’t stand the thought that she’s in the hands of a killer. What if he’s hurting her? Torturing her? Or worse? And what does he want with her? Why her? It must be because she’s a Guardian. But it makes no sense. Her allegiance cannot be bought or forced. The only way it can change is if she finds her mate and she’s not yet of age.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 67
I look around, hoping for a scrap of anything that may give me a clue of where they have taken her, but there is nothing. I look back at Liam. “Okay. I’ll call my father and let him know we're on our way back.”
I arrive home the next day. I’m exhausted but I can’t sleep. I go to my father’s office to see what is happening. It looks like a war room. There are maps. everywhere with color coded pins indicating areas where trackers are searching, areas that have been eliminated and areas that still need to be searched.
My father and I argued about me going back to school. I told him I'd never be able to focus, so he compromised and told me he’d agree to not having me go to school if someone could bring my schoolwork home and if I would go to training. in the mornings.
I agree to training solely because Mr. Nelson had started training the warriors. I’m not sure if he was disappointed that no one was able to help his daughter or if he needed something to take his mind off her temporarily as well.
It's been a week and we're no closer to finding her than we were when Liam and I left the forest. I’m kicking myself for not following through with my plans to try and follow her faint scent.
I'm currently in training taking my frustration out on my body. Mr. Nelson drills us to the point of exhaustion and I need it every day. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat, I’m consumed with finding her.
“Get your asses moving! You call yourselves warriors? My daughter could run circles around you and then take every one of you down like a bowling ball knocking down pins.” Mr. Nelson is drilling the team this morning.
“With all due respect sir,” Trevor speaks up, bent over with his hands on his knees sucking in air like his life depends on it. And maybe it does. “Your daughter already does that.”
“Yeah.” Dean pipes in. “Every day.”
“Then buck up and get your sorry asses moving! When my daughter returns, she'll need a real challenge and so far, I’m not seeing anyone that can give her one.”
Mr. Nelson continues to drill us until he’s decided we're done. When he releases
I head up to my room for a quick shower then back to the search.
US,
+15 BONOS
When I walk into my father’s office, the mood is tense. My father looks up and I freeze. “What is it?”
“Have a seat.” My father gestures to a chair while Beta Charles and Mr. Nelson. continue to watch me. I look at my father for a long moment before sitting down.
“We have an idea, but it’s a long shot. All our trackers and many warriors are out searching different areas for Cara.” I nod, “What’s the idea.” Beta Charles answers. “We think it’s a possibility that Eli has taken Cara back to the Silver Dawn Pack.”
My brow furrows with his answer. That pack died out 18 years ago when Liam’s father killed Alpha Jerome and any wolves that would not submit to him. The other pack members joined the Shadow Falls Pack.
“I thought that pack was decimated?” I ask the three of them.
Mr. Nelson gives me an intense look. “It was. But...... if Eli is calling himself an Alpha, he will need two things. He will need a pack...”
“And a Luna” I finish for him. Kai pushes forward. “He will never have her. Sho
mine!”
is
Mr. Nelson wheels himself over to me. “We have no intention of leaving her there. I don’t know what he is thinking but he may not realize that she’s not yet 18. That works in our favor.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 68
Kai is going crazy in my head. If he wants her for a Luna, then he will force his mark on her and mate her against her will. That’s the only way to force the bond.
Kai snarls and it’s all I can do to keep any control over him. My body is shaking and fur begins to sprout on my body. “Tell me where this pack is and I'll go see if she’s there.” My voice is deep with Kai’s overlaying mine.
From behind me, I hear, “I'll go with you.” I turn to see Liam has walked in. He gives me a long, measured look. “Neither of us wants her to be forced into a mate bond. I'll go with you, and we'll find her if she’s there.”
I fight with Kai who doesn’t want Liam near her either, but right now it’s about getting Cara away from that monster and safely home. I nod in agreement.
Later that day, Liam and I set out together. The Silver Dawn Pack isn’t that far. If they are there, they sent us on a wild goose chase then doubled back.
When we get close, Liam and I hide the truck in a secluded area and shift to go on foot. Liam knows where the pack lands are, so I follow him.
When we arrive, I am shocked to see what looks like an operational pack in place. While the buildings all look like they are crumbling and about to disintegrate, there are plenty of wolves taking up residence. Liam and I are careful to divert around the patrols that are monitoring the perimeter of the pack lands.
We shift back and watch as hundreds of wolves go about their lives. Liam points to a large building that looks on the verge of collapse. “That's the old packhouse. That’s where Cara and Eli will be.”
Almost as if his words have put it into being, I hear Cara’s scream. It was the sound of utter pain and before I could think, I was on my feet ready to go to her.
Liam grabbed me, holding me while I thrashed against him. “Let me go.” I ordered. “Rik, think! You go in there and you blow our cover. He could take her anywhere and we may not be able to find her again.” “He’s hurting her!”
“Yes.” He agrees. “But, she’s a Guardian. She can handle pain. We need a plan so we can take him down and get her back. Don’t rush into this like you did before. This won’t be an ambush. If they think they can’t get out, they’ll kill her. We have to think this through. For her.”
+15 BONOS
My chest is heaving, but I know he’s right. He finally lets me go and I start to walk away. “I'll call my father and get reinforcements here. I want her out of there as soon as possible. I can’t stand by if he is torturing her. I won't and neither will Kai.”
“Understood. Call your father. I'll stay here and keep watch.”
I called my father and updated him on everything. I hang up and walk back to Liam. “They’ll be here tomorrow. I’m going to stay here tonight and keep watch.” He nodded. “I'll stay too. We can take turns.”
Cooper
Author Cara’s rescuers are coming! Updates occur every day. 920
###Chapter 69
920 Chapter 0069 I wake up, still handcuffed to the bed. This is the third time I’ve woken and each time, I’m getting weaker and weaker.
I've only heard from Artemis once. She let me know that Eli is pumping us full of his venom each time he marks us. Apparently, he’s hoping that even though I’m not 18, with enough venom, he can push the mate bond on me. So far, it hasn’t worked. But that’s mostly because Artemis is saving her strength to burn off the venom each time he tries to mark us.
I take inventory of my surroundings. I’m in yet another shirt. There is a water bottle and a plate of food on the table beside me. My stomach grumbles. I haven’t caten much but I need the water more.
My shoulders are aching from being in this position for what must be a week or more. I shift around, pushing myself toward the headboard trying to move my shoulders out of this strained position..
I'm finally able to sit up and give my shoulders a much needed release from the pull of being over my head for so long. The ache is so strong it feels like I have no strength in my
presence, she all. I try to reach out to Artemis and while I can feel her silent.
The door opens and Eli comes in. He looks at his watch. “You are nothing if not prompt. Right on time. You’ve been out two days again.”
“How long do you plan to keep me a prisoner, Beta?” He snarls at me. “Alpha.” I make a point of sniffing the air. “Nope. I still don’t smell Alpha on you.
He sneers as me. “Since I have no idea how long it will be until your birthday, I’ll just have to keep giving you my venom. I’ve heard that with enough venom and completing the mating process, you can make an underage wolf accept the mate bond.”
“You're disgusting, you know that?”
He begins walking over to me. “Am 1, mate?” He stresses the word again.
He reaches down and takes the plate of food. “Time to eat.” He picks up pieces of food and attempts to hand feed me. I turn my face away. “Not hungry.”
+15 BONOS
He grabs my chin and pulls my face around to his. “Of course you are. You've barely eaten all week. Eat!” He barks it at me and attempts to put a command behind it.
I snort at his feeble attempt as the command rolls off me like water over rocks. “I will accept nothing that you to give me. Or should I say, force on me.” I glare at him as his hand squeezes my chin even tighter.
“Fine! Then we'll just keep doing it this way until you are too weak and your body final accepts my mate mark.” In one quick movement, his hand grabs my hair and yanks my head to the side. He slams his canines into my neck, milking them into my body pushing more and more venom into my system.
I scream as the pain becomes overwhelming. He pulls his canines out, only to sink them in again and continues to milk the punctures like humans do to snakes to collect their venom. I feel Artemis push forward to try to combat the venom in our system as the world goes dark again.
In my dazed state, I hear what sounds like a battle. Screams, crashing, things breaking. I can’t tell if it’s real or if I’m dreaming. I fade in and out until the sounds become so loud that I realize there really is a battle going on outside my
room.
I try to say something, anything, but my body will not work. My head feels full of cotton, and I can’t think clearly. My body feels paralyzed, or maybe I just can’t feel that it’s moving. I’m not sure.
I hear a loud crash that sounds close. Snarling and fighting. It sounds like wolves. tearing each other apart. I should be in this fight. I'm a Guardian, that’s my job, my life. But I still can’t make myself get up. I can’t even open my eyes.
+15 BOHOB
###Chapter 70
Chapter 0070 Suddenly, the door bursts open and everything goes quiet. Then I hear heavy breathing.
“I'm getting her out of here.” I know that voice, but I can’t place it. It sounds familiar, soothing. I hope he means he’s getting me out of here.
I feel the restraints on my wrists cut off, the person hissing as the silver touches their skin. Then I’m being lifted, cradled in strong arms that make me feel safe. Weird, I don’t even know who it is, but I feel safe. The smell of a freshly cooked brownies floods my senses. Instinctively, I lean into the smell, trying to curl into it, but my body still will not respond.
“I've got you. You're safe now Cara.” I want to reply that we're not safe. Eli is here somewhere, and we need to go. But the words do not come. I feel myself being carried. I begin to hear more sounds of fighting, the smell of blood and death heavy in the air.
He stops walking. “Call my father. Tell him I have her and I’m bringing her home. Liam is staying, he’s going after Eli. You're in charge.” Liam is here. Liam will make sure th
I'm safe. I hear another voice that sounds familiar, but I can’t place it. “How is she?” There’s a long pause. “Time will tell.”
My rescuer is moving again. I feel the cool air of the late winter weather as I’m carried outside. I hear more sounds of fighting, but we are going in the opposite direction. I don’t know how long we walk before I’m gently set down. It smells like a new car. I've rarely had the opportunity to smell a new car, but once you have, you never forget that smell.
“Hang on love, I'll be right back.” My brownie—smelling man says, before he steps away and I immediately feel cold and lost again. Thankfully, it isn’t long before he returns. “Ok love. Kai and I can’t stand the scent of that disgusting Beta on you another minute, so I’m going to put one of my shirts on you instead. If you’re mad at me about it my little guardian, I'd be happy to have you get up and fight me.”
I feel him unbuttoning the shirt I have on, before removing it. Then he pulls a soft shirt over my head and pushes my arms through the arm holes. I’m surrounded by the scent of brownies fresh out of the oven. It’s the most
+15 BONOS
comforting smell I can imagine. It feels like home. It makes the rhythm of my heart slow, and I feel safe again. Once he pulls the shirt down and covers me the best he can, he leans the seat back, straps me in and closes the door.
I fall back into unconsciousness. I don’t know how long we drive. I periodically come to some level of consciousness and hear my rescuer talking quietly to someone on the phone. Sometimes, it seems like he’s talking to me, telling me where we are or that everything will be ok, holding my hand. His thumb rubbing over the back of my hand sends soothing tingles into my body which relaxes me and lulls me back to sleep.
The next time I wake, my brownie—-smelling man has me in his arms again. I smell the scent of antiseptic and cleanser. “Where do you want her?” My rescuer asks.
“You can put her on the stretcher, we'll take it from here Alpha.” “No, I'll carry her. Where is she going?” “This way, follow me.”
Before long, I’m being laid on a bed. There are several people surrounding me, attaching things to me, putting needles into my arms.
“Alpha, what can you tell us?”
“Not much. When I found her she was unconscious.” I hear a snarl before he continues, “Her neck is bruised and has multiple puncture wounds, but it doesn’t appear that the attempt to mark her worked.”
“Where is she? Where is my daughter?” I hear my father bellow before the darkness takes me again.
Cooper Author
Cara is home! Hopefully all those bite marks will heal.
23
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 71
. Chapter 0071
She will be in an amazing amount of pain. Venom, when rejected like this, basically acts as a poison in the system. Her whole body will feel like it’s on fire. She will need rest after she regains consciousness. Her training will have to take a back seat to her recovery.”
“Understood.”
“As I said, we'll know more once the results of the blood work come back.” I don’t take my eyes off Cara. “Thank
“Yes, thank you.” Mr. Nelson repeats.
you doctor.” I say.
We sit in silence as Dr. Harris leaves, both lost in our own thoughts.
Nurses come and go, checking her vital signs, and the tubes in her arms. My father comes in and puts a reassuring hand on my shoulder while looking at Mr. Nelson. “Your daughter is strong Clint. Stronger than any other wolf I’ve ever met. Stronger than you and Lily. She'll pull through this.”
Mr. Nelson just nods. His eyes, as he watches his daughter, are filled with an agony and grief that I’m sure are reflected in my own.
My father pulls up a chair and waits with us. It isn’t long after that Dr. Harris returns. He nods his head at each of us. “Alpha, Alpha, Guardian. I have the results of Cara’s blood work.” He stops and looks at all of
us. “Bad news first. Her body is flooded with the Beta’s venom. It has spread throughout her system. The good news. It is being rejected. In every instance of blood that we tested, it is being rejected.” 
###Chapter 72
Chapter 0072 I take a deep breathe, breathing out heavily for what feels like the first time in hours. “So, what does this mean, long term.” I ask. I need to know if there is still hope for our bond.
Dr. Harris looks at me as he answers. “We'll have to take more samples and continue to test her blood, but it means two things. First, it’s very likely that she will recover and not have any bond or link to the Beta. And second, it would explain why Kai cannot feel Artemis very strongly. She will be reserving her strength to fight the venom.”
“What are you doing to help her? You said you would do everything to help her.” Mr. Nelson asks.
“Yes, and there isn’t much, but there are some things we can do on our end. We will continue to give her IV fluids to help Artemis flush the venom from her system. We will also be giving her liquid vitamins and nutrition until she wakes up to help her regain her strength. She is not only dehydrated but also weak from lack of food. It doesn’t appear that she has eater
since she was taken.”
“No, she wouldn't.” Mr. Nelson confirms. “It’s part of her training. Drink a
much as possible when safe, but never eat anything that can be used to drug you.” Dr. Harris nods in understanding. “If all continues to go well, we may see her
wake as early as tomorrow but more likely not until Tuesday.”
My eyes close and I drop my head forward. The relief I feel at these words is overwhelming. She will be okay. She will wake up. Everything else will take time, and time is something I can give her.
“Thank
you doctor.” My father says.
After he leaves, my father looks at me. “Son, you need to go take a shower and get something to eat.” “lm fine dad.”
“Rik.” His tone is sharp. I look at him. “Son, you are covered in blood from a battle that happened hours ago.” I look down at myself, having totally forgotten that I was in a battle. My father is right, I am covered in blood. “You wouldn’t want her to wake up and see you like this.
I nod and stand. Looking at Mr. Nelson I say, “I'll be back shortly, if she wakes...”
+15 BONOS
“You'll be the second person to know.” He says.
I head out with my father. After showering, I change and head downstairs, ready. to go straight back to the hospital. “Rik.” My mother calls me from the kitchen.
I walk into the kitchen and see that she has made me a sandwich. “Have a seat and eat something. You won't help her or yourself if you aren’t at full strength. She’s going to need your strength when she wakes up. It will only take another 10 minutes and your father is keeping in contact with Mr. Nelson.”
I sit and take a bite of the sandwich my mother made as she sits down next to me. She doesn’t say a word, she just rubs my back in that soothing way that mothers. have as I eat. The gentle kindness of it brings tears to my eyes. This is why every Alpha needs a Luna. Someone to look after them when they go all in, full throttle on whatever it is that needs their attention. My mom isn't just a great mom, she’s an amazing Luna. She looks out for every member of her pack.
When I'm done, I put my plate in the sink and go back to my mom. “Thanks Mom.” I say as I reach down and hug her. My hug lasts longer than a normal hug as I try to impart how grateful I am to her in that one gesture.
When I return to the hospital, Liam has joined Mr. Nelson in Cara's room. He has taken the time to get cleaned up before coming to see her. I give him a nod of acknowledgement, even as I realize he’s taken my seat and is holding Cara’s hand. It takes everything in me to not growl out loud 
###Chapter 73
I look at Mr. Nelson, “Anything?” I ask.
“Nothing new. They are giving her extra fluids as Dr. Harris said and they took more blood to check her venom levels.” I pull up another chair so I can be closer to her. I reach out a hand to touch her leg, just so there is a connection.
I don’t know how much time passes before Liam stands. “I have to go. I need to try to find Eli before the trail goes cold. I just wanted to check in on Cara before I went back out.” Good, now I can get back to holding her hand again.
He reaches down, brushing her hair way from her face before placing a gentle kiss on her lips. I can’t help the growl that escapes my lips as Kai pushes me to my feet.
Liam straightens up and looks at me, growling back. “Stand down Rik. We had an agreement.” 2
I move to the end of her bed, meeting him as he is coming around. “She is my mate. You agreed not to touch her. I don’t want your lips on her ever again.” I snarl at him..
His eyes darken as Cyran pushes forward. I know Kai is forward as well. “She hasn’t made her choice yet. She may decide to reject you and take me as her chosen mate. That will be for her to decide.”
I'm about to get in his face when both of us are jerked down. Mr. Nelson is between us, having grabbed us both by the front of our shirts. “Outside NOW!” He orders, his aura heavy, before releasing us.
Liam and I continue to glare at each other as we walk outside. I hadn’t noticed earlier but the waiting room is full of wolves from both packs waiting to get news
on Cara.
As Liam and I turn to face off again, Mr. Nelson gets in between us. “Now you listen to me pups.” He stresses the word showing both of us exactly how little he respects us right now. “If the two of you want to measure the size of your dicks, do it somewhere other than my daughter’s hospital room. Neither one of you is showing me that you deserve her as a mate. A mate would put my daughter first, ahead of everything and everyone else. A worthy mate would not be so busy showboating as an Alpha that he is ignoring the fact that she’s unconscious right. next to him!” He’s shouting now and the entire hospital has gone dead quiet.
+16 BONOS
Mr. Nelson's voice goes dark and deep. “So until you two can show me that you are worthy of my daughter, you will not be allowed to visit her again.”
“You can’t do that!” I exclaim. “She’s my mate!” “Then you should have thought about that before you started a pissing match in my daughter's room.”
My breath is heaving in my chest. I can’t believe he’s banning me from Cara. I can see Liam out of the corner of my eye. His muscle in his jaw is twitching with how hard his jaw is clenched.
“And if either of you pups,” He stresses the word again, to get his point across. ” think that you can get past me to get to her?” Donovan pushes forward and Mr. Nelson’s eyes glow nearly solid gold, “I'd like to see you try.” He snarls the last part at us. 2
He waits a minute before he turns and rolls back into Cara’s hospital room. I feel my dad come up behind me and put one arm around me and the other around Liam.
“And that, my young Alphas, is why Clint Nelson used to be known as the Big Daddy Badass.”
Cooper
Author Whoa! Big Daddy going feral on the alphas! Was he right to go off? 923
+15 BONDS 
###Chapter 74
There is so much pain. It’s everywhere, overwhelming me and my senses. I try reaching out to Artemis, but she is fighting her own battle. I can feel her struggle but cannot reach her. We will need to fight this from opposites sides and meet in the middle. While I’m conscious, I can’t open my eyes or move my body, so I use my other senses.
At some point, I smell brownies again. The scent helps my body relax. I feel hands holding mine. My right hand begins to feel normal, the pain pushed away by the hand holding it. I latch on to that feeling. The only place in my body that isn’t screaming in pain.
I periodically hear voices, I can’t make any of them out, but I think one is my father’s.
When I awaken the next time, the hand holding my right one no longer pushes the pain away. The scent of brownies is faint now and my body feels tight. I try to focus on the scent, hoping it will help me relax.
I feel a draft and the scent of brownies floods my senses again. I mentally sigh. The scent calms my aching nerves and gives me some peace. I hear the sounds of a chair scraping
on the floor and then a sudden release of the pain in my leg. The hand that was holding mine before is now on my leg. My mind relaxes and I let myself fall into blissful sleep.
The sounds of growling and snarling wake me. The scent of brownies is still strong, but the pain in my leg is back. It does seem less intense, but I prefer having it gone.
The sounds leave and I hear shouting from far away. I wish I knew what was going on. I wish I could open my eyes and let everyone around me know I’m awake and they don’t need to worry about me. I hear the sound of whirring wheels and know my father is here. I also hear soft footsteps and soft voices, before I feel myself being pulled under again.
I don’t know how long I’m out, but the next time I wake, I am feeling better. I still feel pain throughout my body, but it’s not as strong. I force my eyes open and immediately close them against the bright lights of the room. I moan softly as the light hurts my head.
“Cara? Honey, can you hear me? Go get the doctor.” My dad is talking. I try again to open my eyes only to feel the burn of the light again.
“Turn off the overhead lights. Hang on Cara, let us darken the room for you.”
I hear the light switch and can I hear the light switch and can see the light dim behind my eyelids. I try opening my eyes again and this time, I let them adjust. It still feels bright, but it’s bearable.
“Dad.” It comes out as a croaking sound. My throat feels as dry as the desert, my tongue sticking to the roof of my mouth.
“Here honey.” I feel a straw press against my lips. I greedily drink and then. choke as the water sticks before going down my throat. Coughing, I close my eyes and lay back, feeling like I just ran a marathon rather than taking a simple sip of
water.
“Try again Cara. They are giving you fluids, but they want you to have a lot so you can help Artemis fight the venom in your system.” That gets my attention and I open my mouth again. This time the water goes down easily and I drink until it’s gone.
“I'll get some more.” I think it's Lacey’s voice. I open my eyes again and see that I am right. She is taking the glass from my father and leaving the room to get
more water.
“Cara.” My father’s voice pulls my attention back to him. “How do you feel honey?” “Like shit.” I give him a weak smile. “How long have I been out?” I ask, having no concept of time. It could be one hour or one year, I have no idea.
“Well, I'm not sure how long you were out before Rik rescued you, but you’ve been out for a day and a half since he got you back here. You're in the pack hospital now.” So, Rik rescued me. I wonder if he’s the one that smelled like brownies.
I feel a draft and open my eyes to see Jason, a doctor and Lacey bringing up the rear with a glass of water in one hand and a pitcher in the other. 
###Chapter 75
The doctor comes over to me. He begins checking my vitals, flashing his light in my eyes, looking over the machines as he talks. “Cara, I’m Dr. Harris. How are you feeling?”
“Terrible.” I reply.
He nods. “Can you be more specific. Do you feel burning? Aching? Sharp pains?” “Burning, yes. Aching, yes. No sharp pain, just a general, all over pain.”
“I don’t know if your father has had a chance to tell you, but I’ll give you a quick overview of your health. Your body was flooded with the venom of your kidnapper. Your body and Artemis are rejecting the venom making it act like a poison. Artemis is fighting the venom’s spread in your body, so don’t be alarmed if you can’t hear her.”
I nod, “I can feel her, but I can’t hear her.”
“That’s good, and to be expected. You are healing faster than I anticipated.” He smiles, “Or maybe I should have expected it since you are a Guardian.”
“The pain you feel should lessen as time goes on. I'd like for you to continue to try to drink fluids in addition to what we are putting into your system. I’d also like for you to try to get some sleep and when you wake again, try to eat something. Do you think you can do that?”
I nod, already feeling exhausted by this interaction. My eyes start to close but before I fall asleep I hear my father telling me he'll be right here when I wake up.
The next time I wake up, I feel better, stronger. It must be the middle of the night because Lacey is asleep in one chair and Jason is asleep in the other. My dad isn’t in the room and I smile because he'll be pissed that he wasn’t here when I woke after he told me he would be.
I must make a noise because Jason’s eyes open and then he jolts up from his chair. “Cara.” He loudly whispers trying not to wake Lacey.
He stands beside me. “I'll go get the doc and I'll mind link your dad, he’s gonna be pissed that you woke up. It took him hours to finally agree to leave to go get a shower and some food.”
“What time is it?” I ask, my throat scratchy again.
He checks his watch, “About 2am. Here.” He puts the straw against my lips and 1 drink the entire glass. Lacey stirs and sees me awake.
“Hey! There she is.” She gets up and Jason leaves to go get the doctor. “Are you feeling better?” She asks while refilling my glass.
“Yes. Not great, but definitely better than before.” She starts to put the straw up to my mouth, but I reach out my hand and take the glass, holding it for myself.
Jason returns with Dr. Harris. “Hey doc.” I say as he walks in. “Hey! How's my favorite patient?” I arch an eyebrow at him. “Am I your only patient?” I ask.
“Well, shifters aren’t exactly known for spending long periods of time in a hospital room, shifter healing and all, so yes, you are currently my only patient.”
He begins going through the list of doctor questions and is about done when my dad breezes into the room. “Cara. I knew I shouldn't have left.”
“It's fine dad, you need to eat, sleep and shower too.” He wheels himself over and looks at me. “Your eyes seem brighter. How are you feeling?”
“Better than before. I still can’t hear Artemis, but even she feels stronger than she did the last time I was awake.”
“That’s great news honey.”
Anurse comes in with a tray of food. She puts it on a stand with wheels and pushes it up to me across the bed.
Dr. Harris looks at me, “I know you may not feel much like eating, but I want you to try.”
I look at the food, all bland, boring hospital food. “I'll try. Whatever it takes to get stronger and get out of here.”
“After that, you all will let her get back to sleep. No keeping her up talking.” He’s focusing his attention on Jason and Lacey. They both nod in agreement and Dr. Harris and the nurse leave us in peace.
I eat as much as I can. Lacey and Jason tell me some stories about what I missed at school, but it isn’t long before fatigue takes me and I’m falling asleep again. 
###Chapter 76
When Mr. Nelson kicked Liam and I out of Cara’s hospital room, I was furious. I had made promises to her. She may not have heard them, but that didn’t mean I didn’t want to keep them.
I head back to the packhouse and up to my room. I’m pacing around, trying to figure out how to get back to her when my father mind links me and tells me to meet him in his office.
I head down immediately and walk into his office without bothering to knock. “Can you believe what he did dad?” I ask.
My father watches me as he sits in his seat behind his desk. “Son, in this, I think I can relate to Clint’s reaction, and I can’t disagree with him. You and Liam were wrong. But you potentially have a bigger problem.”
I stop my pacing. “What do you mean?” He looks at me for a long moment. “You don’t realize what you said in the hospital, do you?” I wrack my brain. “I said a lot of things. What specifically are you referring to?”
He raises his eyebrows at me. “Well, son, do you remember the part where you announced, very publicly, that Cara is your guarantee
mate? You can pretty much that that bit of gossip has spread like wildfire and the only person who doesn’t know is Cara herself.” I feel my
heart clinch. My father is right. I sit down, hard, putting my head in my hands. This is not how I wanted her to find out. I wanted to let her fall for me before the mate bond went into effect. I wanted her to want to be my mate because she respects me. But now, it will be impossible for her to not find out. Someone will tell her or ask her about it.
I look up at my father. “Shit! What can I do?”
My father smiles at me. “Well, there’s not a lot you can do with the Shadow Falls Pack members since I’m guessing Alpha Liam isn't your best friend when it comes to Cara. But, you are the future Alpha of Canyon Ridge. An Alpha command. would keep anyone in this pack from saying anything to Cara.”
I stare at my father. It’s brilliant! An Alpha command would force everyone in our pack to follow the command and they would physically be unable to disobey.
When I look back at my father, he is watching me intently. “What do you think?”
+15 BONOS
“Yes, I want to give the pack the Alpha command to keep quiet and not say a word to her.”
He nods his head never taking his eyes off me. “Do you want the command to come from me or you?”
I hadn't expected that I would give the command. I’m not technically Alpha of the pack, even though I will be soon. However, I was born to lead and be the pack’s Alpha, so I know my command will be just as powerful as my father’s.
I think about it, then look at my father. “I think it should come from me. Tell me how to do it properly.”
My father smiles proudly at me before explaining the requirements of giving an Alpha command. You have to be specific, you have to be clear, and you have to open your mind link to everyone that you intend to command. In this case, my entire pack.
Once we discuss wording and I’m ready. I open up the pack link. “Attention all Canyon Ridge pack members. This is Rik Forte, your future Alpha. Many of you may have been at the hospital earlier and overheard my conversation with Warrior Nelson. Others may have heard rumors of what was said. I forbid any member of this pack to discuss my being mated to Cara Nelson. You will not speak of it to anyone until Cara discovers the truth for herself. This is my Alpha command.”
I could feel the command going through the pack link. My father nods his head letting me know he can feel the command going out and that I did well.
After leaving my father’s office, I head to training. When I arrive, I search for Lacey and Jason. I let them know my plan and get their agreement. I am willing to approve both of them missing school, work and training, to sit with Cara until she is released from the hospital as long as they provide hourly updates to me.
“Wait.” Lacey stops me. “You want hourly updates all day AND night.”
“Yes. Is that a problem?”
Lacey and Jason look at each other. “No, no problem.”
“Good. Dismissed. I expect updates starting within the hour. I want to know anything and everything that happens. Changes, updates, good or bad.”
“Yes Alpha.” They say in unison.
“I'll let your parents know.” They nod and head out. I mind link both of their parents and let them know that I have them watching over Cara for me and if
+15 BONOS
they have any concerns about them missing training or school, to speak to me directly about it. They assured me that they did not have any issues.
+15 BONDS 
###Chapter 77
Chapter 0077 True to their word, Lacey and Jason provided hourly updates.
Several hours later, I get my first bit of good news. Cara woke up for a short amount of time and the doctor said he’s impressed with her healing ability. I can’t help the smile that spreads on my face as I head to dinner in the pack house dining room.
I meet up with Chase and give him the good news. “That’s great Rik! I’m happy for you.” We find a spot to sit and before I know it, the smell of rosewater assaults my nose again. I see Chase wrinkle his nose before Sheila sits down next
tome.
She doesn’t say anything, she just sits down, looking down at her clasped hands. “Sheila.” I greet her.
“Is it true Alpha?” She looks up at me.
“Is what true?” I know that she’s asking about Cara being my mate, but I was very clear that this topic was not to be discussed with anyone. Kai is growling in my head, ready to put this she—wolf in her place.
I watch her struggle to say what she’s trying to say and work around my command. “About Cara?” She finally spits out.
“Yes.”
She looks at me with tears in her eyes. “But what about me?”
I truly have no idea what she’s talking about. There was never anything more than sex between us. “What about you?” I ask her. “I thought you cared about me.”
“Of course I care about you Sheila.” I see her face brighten and I know I have to shut this down right now. “You are a member of this pack and I care about all of my pack members.”
Her face falls again. “I thought we had something special.” She whispers.
“Sheila, you are a nice girl that will find her mate someday. When you do, you will understand that there will never be anyone for me but her.” I try to be nice, but firm.
She sniffles, “If you ever change your mind”
I cut her off before she can continue. “I won't.” She nods and leaves.
+15 BONOS
more.
I look at Chase. He watches her leave thoughtfully. “You know there will be They will think that having sex with you meant that you wanted them to be the future Luna.”
“They would be wrong. I never promised any of them anything. I’ve always planned to make my mate the pack’s Luna. Now that I have found her, I won't give her up.”
After dinner, I head up to my room. I want to get some rest while I can. I’m hoping to get another update overnight, and I’m not disappointed.
Around 2am, I get a mind link from Jason. Cara is up again. She is feeling stronger, and she is eating, but Dr. Harris wanted her to go back to sleep to continue to get her strength back. I go back to sleep feeling better that she is getting stronger.
The next morning, I’ve had quick updates saying that Cara is stable and still sleeping. Dad is doing training again, so I join in. It’s not as difficult as Mr. Nelson’s training but I go all in, working to build my strength. I’m back to the Cara Nelson sparring training’ I take down each of my warriors one after the other. There is a lot of grumbling. The group thought they would get a break without a Guardian in the training.
On my way from training to breakfast, I get another mind link, from Lacey this time. Cara is awake, feeling stronger and had a short conversation with Artemis. All of the attempted mate marks are gone. Artemis is still weak and fighting the venom, but it’s working and they are both getting stronger.
Jason links me to tell me that Mr. Nelson is headed to the pack house to get food for Cara. I walk over to the lead omega in the kitchen and ask for two to-go boxes. I go around and pick up a little of everything, making sure to get protein, carbs and something sweet since I’ve noticed my girl has a sweet tooth.
When Mr. Nelson comes in, I walk up to him. His lips set into a thin line, but I ignore it. “Sir, I heard you were on your way to get some food for Cara. I took it upon myself to prepare two breakfasts to go, so you wouldn't have to waste time putting them together.”
I put the to-go boxes in his lap and turn back to the kitchen omega to get a carafe of coffee. “Here you go sir.” I turn to head back into the dining room. “Thank you Alpha.” Mr. Nelson says to 4 +15 BONOS 1.me. “Please, call me Rik.” He nods and rolls out of the pack house, headed back to my girl.
Cooper 
###Chapter 78
The next time I wake up, not only do I feel stronger, but I have a minute where Artemis is forward. She let's me know that she’s countering the venom but it will be another week before she’s back to full strength, but she has effectively eliminated his mark from our neck. The bruises will take longer as she has been focusing on healing other things first.
When I open my eyes, Lacey, Jason and my father are in the room. Dad's attention immediately snaps to me. “Honey, you're awake. How are you feeling?”
“I'm better. Artemis says she’s winning the battle of the venom and that Eli's mark is gone. Is that true?” I pull the hospital gown to the side and see everyone's eyes go wide. Lacey jumps up, pushing my neck to one side before pushing it to the other, and pulling the other side of my gown away from my body. “Oh my goddess! Your wolf is amazing! All the marks are gone!”
“Wait. ALL the marks? How many were there?”
They all look at each other uncomfortably. It’s my dad that answers my question. “Honey, you had multiple puncture wounds on both sides of your neck. It appears he was trying to put as much of his venom into your system as possible to force your body to shut down so he could cement the mate bond.”
I'm shocked, although I shouldn't be. “I'll remember to tell Artemis how awesome she is then.”
I ask about what has happened in my absence, how they found me and I listen as they fill me in on all the details, Liam’s and Rik’s roles in helping to find me and bring me home.
50...
My dad leaves to go get me some real food from the packhouse. I take the opportunity to ask Lacey and Jason what has been weighing on my mind. I'm a bit surprised to hear that Liam and Rik played such a central role in my return but I haven’t seen either one of them. I know they are busy, but I thought that Rik at least, after everything that happened, would have come by.”
They look at each other. 1/ “What?” I ask.
It's Jason that responds. “Well, your dad may have gone all Guardian on them.” “Yeah,” Lacey picks up the conversation, “They apparently had some sort of pissing match in your room and your dad kicked them out and told them they weren't allowed to come back.”
+15 BONOS Jason jumps back in, “Yeah and that if they wanted to get to you, they’d have to go through him.” He says with awe in his voice.
I don’t know what to say. First, that whatever happened between Rik and Liam in my room seems to be similar to what happened in school on the day Liam brought the bear. And that my dad got all protective and basically pulled rank on two Alphas.
“Alpha Anders didn’t say anything?”
“Nope, he gloated that his old Guardian was back. Did you know that your dad is training warriors?”
“What What else did I miss?”
Lacey responds, “You mean besides the fact that your father is trying to kill us all with his ridiculous training? I've never been so sore in my entire life.”
I'm laughing when my dad and Dr. Harris walk in. “Well, that’s a great sign.” Dr. Harris says seeing me laughing.
“Hi doc. So, what's the verdict? When do I get to leave?”
He begins checking over vitals and nurse notes. He looks back up at me. “You and Artemis are pretty amazing. I can’t believe that you are healing so well. At this rate, I think you can leave tonight.”
lam so excited. I don’t want to spend another minute in bed. I need to be outside. smelling fresh air, sleeping in my own bed, healing in my own home. “What do I have to do?” I ask. 
###Chapter 79
“I need to take some more blood and I need you to eat a full meal.”
“Deal. What are you looking for in my blood?”
“We're checking to see how Artemis is doing getting rid of the venom.”
“She told me it’s working and that the marks are gone.”
Yeah,” Lacey interrupts, “Look at her neck, doc. It’s still bruised but the puncture wounds are all gone.”
Dr. Harris checks my neck on both sides and seems very happy with what he’s seeing or isn’t seeing. “Ok, let me get this blood work run, eat the dinner your father brought, and I'll see about getting you out of here.”
I'm actually famished and easily finish the food dad has brought me. It’s better than the nasty, boring food from last night. After eating I feel even stronger, so when Dr. Harris returns, I’m ready to get released.
“Okay,” he tells Dad and I, “I’m going to release you, but you must come back tomorrow for more blood work and maybe on Thursday as well. We'll see how tomorrow goes.
Lacey stays to help me get changed as Dad goes to get the car and Jason heads off to afternoon warrior training. I look at Lacey. “Won't you be in trouble for missing training?”
She gives me a devious smile. “Nope. When your dad banned Alpha Rik from your room, he gave us a free pass to miss as long as we were here with you and provide him updates on your progress.”
I stop mid-way pulling my shirt over my head and get stuck with my head and arms inside as I take in what she said. “Wait. Alpha Rik said you could miss training to be with me?”
—we fill him in on Lacey helps me get untangled as she replies. “Yep. As long your status every hour, which we have done, even overnight.” I stare at her. “So, he really means it. He was really staking a claim?”
“Yeah, he’s your...” She stops abruptly, her brow furrowing. She opens her mouth a couple more times and looks like a fish out of water before she finally rolls her eyes and says, “Yes, he means it. He’s very serious Cara. You need to know that before you see him again.”
+15 BONOS “Good to know. And I won’t be seeing him until Dad agrees to let him see me, right?”
“That’s what I hear. I wasn’t actually in the hospital when it all went down, but Jason was, and I trust him as a source. But I also heard it from several others, and it was the same, so, yeah.”
I finish getting ready and then follow Lacey out to the room where a nurse is waiting with a wheelchair. “Is that necessary?” I ask her.
“Sorry, hospital rules.” I sigh but sit in the chair. As we leave the room, there are several warriors from both Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls packs. They gather in two lines on
either side of the walkway cheering me on as I leave the hospital. I’m stunned. I had no idea this many people were here waiting to see how I am doing.
Just before we exit through the automatic sliding doors, I ask the nurse to turn me around to face the crowd. “Thank you all, so much. I really appreciate all of your support, and I'll be back to fighting strength in no time.”
Acheer goes up as the nurse turns me back around and helps me into dad’s van. As we pull away, and head home, I see Rik standing near the packhouse,
watching. I lock eyes with him and I lift my hand in a wave. He smiles and lifts his hand back as we pass by.
llaaleat mu fathar “our long before you lift the ban on Liam and Rik?” 
###Chapter 80
My dad gives me a side—eye glance. “If it were up to me, I’d make it last longer, but it’s up to you, now that you are back on your feet.”
I smile at my dad and as we pull up to the house, he turns to face me. “And...you may be willing to forgive them much faster than lam.”
“Why is that?”
“Liam left a gift for you on Sunday when he was here. Well, I guess it is the final product of the gift Cyran gave Artemis.” I frown as we walk into the house. “What are you talking about Dad?”
He wheels over to the largest gift bag I've ever seen. “What is it?”
“Open it and see for yourself.” Dad says.
I do and it’s the bear. Or should I say, it’s the bearskin rug that needed to be processed. It’s soft and thick and will be perfect on the hardwood floors in my bedroom. “Whoa!” I look at my dad. “This is amazing!”
“I'm going to take it upstairs and call him to say thanks.” I take the bearskin upstairs and lay in on my floor. Then I stand on it barefoot, closing my eyes and feeling the softness of the fur on my feet. Even Artemis purrs in my head. ‘Nice, right?‘ I ask her.
‘I can’t wait until I can shift and roll around on it.‘ She replies. Now I have that image in my head. ‘Eww.* She snickers before laying down in my head.
I call Liam and it goes to voicemail. I let him know that I got released and that I got the bearskin, which is now a rug on my bedroom floor and Artemis can’t wait to roll on it. Who knows, maybe Cyran will appreciate that little nugget of information.
I stare at my phone. Everyone in the pack has the phone number for both our Alphas. I look at the clock and see that it is after 6pm. Rik will be done with warrior training. I take a chance and send a text.
Me: Hey Alpha Rik. I hear I owe you a big thanks for rescuing me.
Rik: Cara. I was surprised to see you leaving the hospital. How are you feeling? Me: I'm better thank you and in part thanks to you
+15 BONOS:
Rik: What kind of an Alpha would I be if I left you at the hands of that murderer. Me: Why do I feel like there’s more to that story than I know?
Rik: Maybe a conversation for another time.
Rik: You should focus on getting healthy and strong. I hear you keep taking out my warriors in training and I think it’s time we go head-to-head.
Me: Alpha Rik, are you sure you want your pack to watch as I show you your ass?
Rik: It takes more than a little Guardian to bring me down.
Me: Well, then, challenge accepted. Although, if you want a fair fight, it will have to be a few more days. Artemis is still healing.
Rik: I will absolutely wait. And, in the meantime, your father is training us in the mornings. We can both work on getting stronger before the big matchup.
Me: Well, don’t say I didn’t warn you when you end up crying like a little girl in front of your pack Alpha. Rik: Get some rest my Little Guardian. I hope to see you soon. Me: Thanks again Alpha. I really do appreciate everything, and that includes all those gifts from before as well.
Rik: Call me Rik and anytime.
I set my phone down. My heart was lighter.
###Chapter 81
Thank you to everyone who is reading my book. A fan let me know that chapter 44 loaded twice and the Rik perspective did not load as I meant for it to. I apologize for the inconvenience and I’m working with my editor to get it fixed. 
Once it is fixed, I will upload a bonus chapter. Thank you for your patience! I really appreciate everyone who is reading my book and following Rik and Cara’s story. 
This book should wrap up in the next couple of weeks and the second book, Alpha’s Guardian Angel, will start soon after this one ends. 
###Chapter 82
After Mr. Nelson leaves, I grab breakfast and head upstairs to get ready for
I
school. I’ve missed a week, so I know that I will have a lot to catch up on. But that gives me an idea.
When I get to school, 1 head straight to the office. One of the benefits of being an Alpha at an all-werewolf school is that I can pretty much get anything that I need. I don’t pull rank often, but today I will if I need to.
“Mrs. Connors.” I greet the woman who may be the oldest wolf I’ve ever met. My father said she worked at the school when he was here decades ago. “I’m here on behalf of one of my pack members, Cara Nelson. She missed school last week and I’d like to get her schoolwork for her so she can get caught up while she recuperates.”
“Of course, Alpha.” She taps on her keyboard and pulls up Cara’s schedule. “I will get with her teachers today and get her missed assignments. I can have everything for you by the end of the day. Just stop by before you leave and I'll make sure you have everything she needs.”
I smile at Mrs. Connors and thank her before heading out to class.
I get through the day thinking about the possibility of seeing Cara this afternoon. I know Mr. Nelson has forbidden me from seeing her until he agrees, but he can’t disagree with me bringing her homework to her. At least, I hope so.
As Chase and I are heading to the pack house afterschool, I get a mind link from Lacey. Cara is being released tonight. That is great news, but it means that I won’t be seeing her. She'll have to get home, get settled and probably go to bed. early.
As I unload both of our schoolwork, I realize I can see her today, I just can’t talk to her. I grab Chase before he can head to his room.
“Do you mind starting training without me? Cara is getting released and I want to see her.”
“Yeah, go see your girl. We'll be in training when you're done.” I run upstairs to drop off my things and change quickly. I get the mind link from Jason that he’s heading to training because Cara is getting released.
I head downstairs and walk outside. They will have to pass the pack house on their way back home. I find a place in the sun. I want to stand out so she will see me as they pass.
I see their van heading my way. I’m watching her in the passenger seat when she looks up and locks eyes with me. She waves and I can’t help the smile that
spreads across my face. It’s like everything that has been wrong just righted itself, and the heavy weight I’ve been feeling for the last couple of days lifts. I lift my hand and wave back. a
Once they pass, I head out back to join training. My heart is lighter than it has been in over a week.
After training, I decide to eat dinner in my room. I have a lot of schoolwork I missed and I need to get caught up if I have any chance of spending time with Cara this weekend. I don’t care if she is doing work while I’m sitting in the room with her, as long as I get to be close to her.
I'm in the middle of some difficult math problems when my phone pings. At this point, I don’t care who it is, I couldn’t be happier for the interruption.
I'm a little shocked and a lot excited to see that it’s Cara and she’s initiating a conversation with me, even if it is to say thanks for rescuing her. I tell her how I was surprised that she was released from the hospital and ask her how she’s feeling.
I'm not surprised that she picks up that there is more information on Eli, but I don’t want to ruin our first text chat by discussing him. I decide to try to be flirty by asking her to go head-to-head with me. But it’s also my way of letting her know that I’m keeping tabs on my little guardian.
I'm thrilled when she starts joking back, talking about how she’s going to show me my ass. Oh, my Little Guardian, you have no idea how much I cannot WAIT for that. But of course, I want her healthy. I want our first sparring match to be fair so I can see just how amazing she really is.
As much as I want to talk to her all night, I know she needs her rest. I end our conversation with a heart emoji. Just my little way of showing my love. It’s too early for her to feel the mate bond, but Kai and I are all in.
###Chapter 83
The next morning, I show up for training at the Nelson’s home with all the other warriors. The scent of vanilla is stronger now and it calms both Kai and I to know that she is so close and that she’s safe.
Mr. Nelson puts us through a rigorous training again this morning before sparring. He’s like a military drill sergeant, barking orders at us and calling us pansies. I distract myself from the pain by wondering if he calls his daughter a pansy when she works out and if she ever complained about these difficult training sessions. I’m guessing she didn’t. Not my little guardian.
I work to help my warriors through the obstacles that we have to get through for the first hour then I get to my ‘Cara Nelson sparring training’ and take down all of my warriors. I’m getting better at it. I really can’t wait to go one on one with my girl.
At the end of training, we are all getting feedback from Mr. Nelson before he sends us off. Right before I head out, I feel eyes on me. I look up and see Cara sitting in a window on the second floor. Even from here I can see her blush at being caught. I wink at her before heading home. I like knowing she was watching me and wonder what she thinks of me taking a page from her book and taking down all of our, yes I think I'll start calling them our, warriors.
All day at school, I’m distracted by the thought of being able to finally talk to her in person this afternoon. I have all her schoolwork and books in my car ready to take to her. When school is done, I drop Chase off at home then drive to her house. I collect her course work and books that I picked up yesterday and head to her door. I knock and wait.
Nothing.
I knock again, and tune into the house. I don’t hear a sound. They aren’t home. My mind immediately starts going down every possibility of where they could be and why they wouldn’t be home. Did Cara relapse? Did Eli Gunnar somehow get onto our pack lands and kidnap her again?
Before I let myself get too crazed with ideas of her being held hostage again, I mind link my father. “Dad, do you know where the Nelsons are? I'm at their home and neither of them are here.”
He must have picked up on the panic in my tone because he reassures me before answering. “Cara had to have some blood work tests again today. The doctor
+16 BONOS
wants to make sure she continues to heal. I think they decided to give her another bag of IV fluids and vitamins while she was there waiting for her test results. I don’t know how long they’ve been gone, but the appointment was supposed to last a couple of hours.”
I sigh in relief. At least she is safe. “Will you let me know what the results are when you find out?*, I ask him. As the Alpha, he is always informed of every pack member’s medical condition and any impact it may have on the pack. My father tends to find out when a she-wolf is expecting before the pup’s father finds out. “Of course, son, but I don’t expect to hear any bad news. Clint said that she rested today and is looking better. She’s strong and will recover.”
I nod my head before realizing that he can’t see me. “Thanks Dad.”
I put her schoolwork on the porch and run back out to my car. I was hoping to see her, but I’ll leave her a note instead. It’s kind of become my thing for her. The thought makes me smile.
I grab a piece of paper from my notebook and a pen.
My Dearest Cara,
I was hoping to see you today, even if it was only a brief visit
However, I understand that you are at the hospital getting checked
I don’t know how much energy you will have to complete your schoolwork But I didn’t want you getting bored and having nothing to do.
I also know how important your studies are to you
So I hope it makes you smile to know that I was thinking of you
I miss your beautiful smile and of course, your smart mouth. Until I see you again,
Yours, Rik
Minking of her I miss her
###Chapter 84
Chapter 0084 I slept well Tuesday night. It was nice being back in my own bed after so much time.
When I wake up in the morning, I hear the sounds of training outside. I head over to my window seat and sit. Rik had said that dad was training the warriors now, but I didn’t realize he meant here in our personal training facilities.
My eyes are immediately drawn to Rik. He is strong and fast. As I watch, I see him helping his warriors, assisting them when they might give up. I’ve never trained with him and I didn’t realize how much of a leader he is. He leads by example. He doesn’t complain about anything that my dad throws at them and he’s throwing a lot. He’s yelling at them, calling them pansies and basically acting like he’s a drill sergeant.
After they finish with the obstacles, I watch as Rik begins sparring with each of his warriors. His technique is different than mine, as it should be. As a warrior, you play to your strengths. Rik’s are muscle strength, height and speed. Mine are agility, speed and endurance. Although, based on how easily he seems to be putting his warriors down, endurance isn’t a weakness of his either.
I guess I’m cheating a bit, watching his technique before we spar, but I can’t look away. For all his size and strength, he is grace in motion. There’s an elegance in his movements that you don’t normally see in warriors who expect to use their strength to defeat their enemy. As I watch, I see him pulling his punches with his weaker warriors. I do the same. You want them to learn and get better, not feel defeated by being beaten every day. However, he goes all out with his stronger warriors. Trevor gives him the toughest battle, but he still wins.
Artemis begins purring in my head.
‘Really? Are you wasting your strength on watching Rik sparring? Shouldn’t you be resting or doing something to get your strength back?’ I ask my wolf, although I’m secretly happy to have her active in my head, even if it’s because she’s drooling over an Alpha.
‘Watching Alpha Rik makes me feel stronger. Maybe we should ask him to give us personal lessons, I’m sure I'd be feeling much better very quickly.”
I shake my head in disbelief. “Artemis, are you kidding me? You're crushing on our Alpha? And I’m not asking him to give you special sessions so you can “feel better“. Forget it.”
She huffs at me. ‘If you loved me, you'd do it.’ +IS BONO
“Wrong! I do love you but I’m not making a fool of myself to Rik.’ She sits back in my head but continues to watch, purring softly. As we've been having our conversation, I'd lost track of time and realized belatedly that the training had ended.
I watch as Rik listens to dad’s feedback for every warrior. Just as he was about to turn to leave, he looked up into my window and right at me. His mouth tipped up at the edges in a small smile and he winked at me before turning and heading back toward the pack house.
After the warriors leave, I head downstairs to make breakfast. Dad comes in and sees me in the kitchen. “Sweetheart, are you sure you should be doing that?”
“Dad, I’m not an invalid. Yes, I know I’m still healing. I’m still sore, but I can make breakfast. I promise I'll take it easy today.” “Ok, I’m going to shower and I'll come join you. Did you happen to see any of the training?” “I did. And I have to know, what did those poor warriors ever do to you?”
He gives me a wicked smile. “Oh, I haven’t even started yet.” And he rubs hist hands together like some evil villain in an animated movie.
I laugh. “I pity those poor unfortunate souls,” singing in Ursula’s voice. Dad flashes me a grin as he wheels himself into his room. My appointment is at 3pm. When we arrive at the pack hospital, I find out Dr. Harris not only wants to check my blood, but he
wants to give me an IV while we wait for the results. He has a nurse draw my blood and hook up the IV, and Dad and I sit and wait.
I decide to ask the question that Rik didn’t want to discuss last night. “Dad, what don’t I know about Eli Gunnar?” Dad looks at me intently. “What makes you think there is something you don’t know?” “I'm not stupid Dad, something is going on, what is it?”
Dad sighs and leans his head back, looking up at the ceiling. “I’m not sure I should be the one telling you, but I do think you should know.” He looks back down at me. “When you were taken and we realized that it was Eli that took you, Liam gave us some surprising information.” 
###Chapter 85
“What kind of information?”
Dad looks me straight in the eye when he answers. “Eli is the one that killed Liam’s mother.”
My hand flew to my mouth and I gasped. “What? How does he know that? And how is Eli still alive?”
“Apparently, Eli was found with Luna Estella in his arms and he was covered in her blood. When he was found, he ran and escaped. Apparently, he is good at that, as he escaped our warriors and Liam when they found you.”
He paused before continuing. “He’s been hunting Eli most of his life. Now he’s close and I’m afraid that this will consume him. Anders is talking to him daily, making sure he doesn’t lose himself while he searches for Eli. He may need a friend during this time Cara.”
“Of course. Liam is a good friend and a great Alpha. I will do anything I can to help him.”
Dad nods just as Dr. Harris enters. The news is good. The amount of venom in my body continues to decrease, Artemis will continue to get stronger and I should recover with no lasting effects from the Beta’s venom.
When we return home, there’s a stack of books on our porch. I realize they are books from my school and there’s a note. I pause. Could this be from Rik? He’s the one that has been my secret admirer writing notes to me.
I smile as I read, and I laugh outright when I get to the part where it references that he doesn’t want me to get bored with nothing to do. The smiley face lets me know he’s referencing me watching him this morning.
My heart flutters when he says he misses my smile and my smart mouth. And then he had to go and sign it Yours, Rik. Is that intentional? I have to think that it is. He’s been very clear about his claim on Artemis and me. He wants me, and while I’m not sure exactly what it is that he wants from me, he has surprised me. Not only has he always known who I am, but his respect for me and my family warms my heart. He appreciates and values everything that my parents have done for him.
An idea begins forming in my mind as I pick up my books and take them inside. I think through my plan of action before looking at my list of assignments that I have to catch up on. Ugh, I'll be studying all weekend.
I crawl into bed early. I’m about to turn off my lamp when I see the flowers from Rik sitting on my desk. The flowers that started it all. They are dead now, but I can’t make myself throw them away.
I get back out of bed and head downstairs. I find some card stock paper in a funk drawer in the kitchen. I take it back upstairs and write out my note.
When I sleep, my nightmare returns to me. I’m trapped, handcuffed, Eli is coming toward me with his canines elongated to mark me. Out of nowhere, Kai jumps on him, taking him down and ripping his head off. He then jumps on the bed and lays on top of me, protecting me.
When my alarm goes off, I find myself tangled in my bed linens. I must have been tossing and turning when I was dreaming of Eli. I get up and go to my window. I want to watch Rik again. I want to see if he’ll look for me, if he’s missing me as he said.
He doesn’t disappoint. As soon as he arrives, he looks up into my window. When he sees me, he smiles and nods his head in acknowledgement. I smile back at him and then watch him in training again. He really is good. A natural leader, a natural fighter.
When training is done, he waits while the other warriors leave ahead of him. He stays, watching me before pointing at me then making a fist with his hand and thumping it over his heart. The message is clear. I have his heart.
He walks backward, keeping his eyes on mine, his fist remains over his heart until he reaches the forest line. He stands still for a moment just looking at me before turning and running into the woods headed home.
I rush to get ready for school. I know my father wanted me to take this week off, but I have no intention of sitting around the house for days. I need to get back into my routine, get back to my normal life.
As expected, Dad argues with me, but he’s always taught me to push through, to fight whatever is making me weak so I come out stronger on the other side. That’s what I intend to do. After he finally concedes that going to school shouldn’t cause any regression to my recovery, and I promise that if I start to feel bad at all, I'll call him, I grab my things and head to school. 
###Chapter 86
I have to stop at the front office first to let them know I’ve returned. The school is aware of my situation, and happy to have me back. I get a note for my first class, since it’s already started.
It's mid-morning before I see Rik. He’s in his usual position of being surrounded by every female on the planet. A twinge of jealously tries to rear its ugly head. It’s Artemis that tamps it down. ‘He’s shown us and everyone here that we are important to him. He is an Alpha. Wolves, both male and female, will always be drawn to powerful wolves. It’s not his fault that they want to be around him and what kind of Alpha would he be if he pushed his pack members away. Look closely, he’s not giving any of them special attention. He almost looks bored.‘ I look again and realize she’s right. I take a deep breath and strengthen my resolve. I start to walk toward him when his head whips up and he makes eye contact with me. He immediately pushes through the throng of females and hurries over to me.
his
“Cara! What are you doing here? Are you ok? How are you feeling? Shouldn't you be at home resting?” His hands are going up and down my arms, eyes tracking over my body as if checking for bumps, bruises or breaks.
I laugh at his barrage of questions. “I’m here going to class, yes I’m ok, I’m feeling better everyday and if I have to stay home and rest another day, it won’t be good for anyone, least of all me.*
He smiles down at me. “I wasn’t expecting to see you today. This is a really nice surprise.”
I hand him the card I wrote up for him last night. “What is this?” He asks, taking the card in one hand but leaving the other on my arm.
“It's an invitation.”
“An invitation?” He asks and looks down at the card then back at me, his brows pulling together.
I'm second guessing myself and this whole idea. Maybe it was stupid. ‘Just ask him.” Artemis pushes me.
He’s watching me intently, waiting for me to answer.
“Well,” I'm squirming under his gaze. “You mentioned that you’ve always
wanted to have dinner with our fathers but your father would never let you. So, that’s an invitation for tonight if...”
He didn’t let me finish. “Yes! A thousand times yes.” His smile lights up his face. He looks down at the card, his frown returning. “Will your father let me in?”
I smirk at him. “Are you afraid of my father Alpha?” I ask him teasingly.
“Fuck yeah. Your father’s a beast! I’m not stupid enough to take him on.”
“Then, lucky for you, I’m YOUR Guardian. I'll protect you from my father.”
The smile remains on his face, but the look in his eyes becomes hungry, intense. ” Yes, I’m a very lucky man.”
I feel the blush spreading across my cheeks. “Well, I have to get to class...” I point my thumb over my shoulder in the general direction of my class, but I’m locked in his gaze, unable to look away.
He skims his fingers across my cheek, gently pushing my hair behind my ear. His voice is low and deep, “I'll walk you to your class Cara.” Him saying my name in that voice sends shivers up and down my spine.
I lick my lips and I see his eyes darken as they move to my mouth. He leans in and whispers in my ear. “Unless you want me kissing you senseless in front of everyone in this school, I’d suggest you stop licking your lips.” He pulls away but makes sure to graze his nose across my cheek. When he stands up, he smirks at me. Oh, how the tables have turned.
He slides my bag off my shoulder and pulls it over his own. “Let's go. I don’t want you to be late my Little Guardian.” He puts his hand on the small of my back as I lead him to my class.
I realize I’m no better than my wolf. I've become a puddle of desire for my Alpha.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Cara’s invitation?
Daily updates until the book is completed. 
###Chapter 87
The next morning, I’m up early, adrenaline pumping through my veins. I expect to see Cera this morning. It is my only time to see her today and I can’t wait.
As soon as I arrive at her home, I look up at her window and see her. She was waiting for me. I smile up at her and nod my head, letting her know I’ve seen her. Maybe I work extra hard in training to show off a bit for my girl. She’s watching and I want her to see me as a strong and powerful leader.
When training is done, I wait for everyone to head out. I’m enjoying the view, just watching her in her window. When Mr. Nelson quietly tells me to ‘move along Alpha‘ I point up at her, without ever losing eye contact then bring my fist to my chest. She has my heart. That will never change.
I walk backward toward the forest line, never breaking eye contact or moving my fist from my heart. I’m thrilled that she doesn’t look away. She sits by her window and watches me until I know I have to leave. I don’t want to, but if I don’t right now, I may just skip school altogether and stay the day with her.
When I get back to the pack house, I eat breakfast with my pack members before getting ready for school. All morning, I’m trying to think of ways that I can see her, or at least, let her know I’m thinking of her.
It's mid-morning and we're in between classes. Chase and I are surrounded by a group of females again. I’m not really paying attention. I’m still trying to figure out how to see Cara this afternoon, when my favorite scent in the world hits my nose, vanilla and honey with a hint of lavender.
My head whips up and there she is. For a moment, I can’t believe it. What is she doing here? I push through the people around me to get to her.
When I do, I look over her body, making sure that she doesn’t have any residual injuries. I can’t help but notice that the puncture wounds around her neck are gone. Jason and Lacey told me they were, but it makes both Kai and I feel better actually seeing it.
When she laughs at my litany of questions, I can’t help but smile back. She’s here. I was just wondering how I could see her today and she’s here, right in front of me. My whole day just got so much better.
When she gives me an invitation to dinner, there is only one response. Yes! I love her teasing me about being afraid of her father. But I’m pretty sure his threat was a serious one and I'd be stupid to ever underestimate him.
12 I love how she says that I’m lucky that she’s MY Guardian. I’m much more serious when I agree, because I’m not joking. I feel like the luckiest man in the world with the way she’s looking at me.
As soon as she licks her lips, I’m done. All of my thoughts of spending time with her turn to having her in my arms, tasting her, touching her, finding ways to make the mate bond sparks travel over both of our bodies. I lean in so I can smell her delicious scent while I give her fair warning. If she doesn’t stop licking her lips, I won’t be able to control myself and I don’t care who sees, I'll kiss her senseless. I slide my nose across her cheek, breathing in her scent before standing up and smirking at her. Her eyes have gone a little glassy and dazed. Perfect!
When we arrive at her classroom, it takes everything in me to not kiss her before I walk away to get to my class.
The rest of the day, I make a point to meet her after class and walk her to her next class. After the second time, she is looking for me and smiles when she sees me walking up to her. “You know, you don’t have to carry my bag to every class.” She says to me as we walk.
“What if I want to?” I look at her. I want to look and act like her mate. I want to take care of her, treasure her, treat her like my queen. So, yeah, I want to carry her bag for her.
At lunch, I follow her to her table. Jason and Lacey look mildly surprised, but don’t say anything. Chase joins us and our usual table of girls looks like they could spit nails. Don’t care. My life is changed now that I have found my mate. Conversation over lunch is easy.
GET 
###Chapter 88
Chase tries his luck flirting with Lacey. “So, Lacey, got any plans for tomorrow night” “Yep, the usual, headed to Dark Moon.”
“Want some company?” Chase asks her.
She gives him a fake smile and shuts him down. “I have some already, but thanks.”
She’s giving him the barest of answers when she responds, bordering on being rude. I can see Chase’s intrigue with her increasing. Chase is true to his name, and he loves the chase. Lacey doesn’t realize it, but she’s only making him more intent on getting close to her.
I focus my attention back on Cara. “Do you need a ride home today?” She smiles at me. “No, I’m good, but thank you.”
The last few classes are the same. I walk her to her class, carrying her books. When the day is finally done, I walk her to her car. She unlocks it and with her hand on the door, turns to me. I’ve moved in close, desperately wanting to kiss her, but knowing she won't want that here in such a public place. So, instead, I step into her space, forcing her to lean back against her car and I lean down to whisper in her ear. “Thank you for my invitation. I can’t wait to see you later my little guardian.”
I blow on her neck and gently nip her ear lobe as I listen to her heart rate increase. She swallows hard before answering, her voice a bit squeaky, “Well, it’s just dinner, nothing fancy.”
I lean my forehead against hers. “It’s more than just dinner. It’s time with you. love.” I kiss her nose before stepping back and walking away. When I get to my car, I turn and see that she hasn’t moved. I wink before getting into the car with Chase.
After I get home, I rush to my room to shower and get ready. I’m not going to tell my father that I’m joining them. I don’t want him to tell me to not come. I put on a pair of jeans, a black sweater and pair it with work boots.
I walk out of my room and nearly run into my mother. “Hey mom.” I greet her and start to walk past her. “Rik, are you coming with me to Lily’s memorial tonight?” I stop short. I was so
excited about dinner with Cara that I didn’t even remember that it would mean I wouldn’t go with my mother. I turn and take her hands in mine. “Mom, I can’t tonight, I have a date.” I smile waiting for her to be excited for me.
I'm surprised when I see her frown. “A date?” Ok, that was an unexpected reaction. “Yes, I have a date, I’m heading out now.”
“But sweetheart...” she stops, looking upset.
“Mom? Why do you look like that? I can go to Lily’s memorial another day.”
“It's not that honey. I just....! thought that you were serious about Cara Nelson. You made such a statement at your birthday with that dance and then you were so distraught when she was missing. I guess I just thought that maybe you’d found your mate in
her.
I smile and hug my mom, before leaning back and looking at her. “Mom, my date is with Cara. She invited me to dinner with her, Dad and Mr. Nelson.”
My mom’s eyes go wide and her mouth opens in a “O” before her smile spreads across her face. “So she is your mate, isn’t she?” z
“Yes mom, she is. Only she doesn’t know it yet, but I think she’s feeling the beginnings of the bond, even now.”
She puts her hands on either side of my face. “I’m SO happy for you. I'll make sure to tell Lily when I go see her tonight that her daughter and my son are mates. She’d be so pleased!”
“Thanks mom. Oh, and don’t tell dad. He doesn’t know and I’m not letting him ruin this for me.”
“Only if you promise to tell me all about it tomorrow.” She bargains.
“Deal.”
With that, I head out. Before, going to Cara’s, I stop at a florist and pick up another dozen roses. This time, I get her red, for love.
###Chapter 89
uch attention Rik is giving me the rest of the day. He is there after every class and insists on carrying my bag for me, walking me to my next class. I don’t know if he realizes how many people are watching us, but I do, Maybe it’s because everyone has figured out that he was my mystery man. It was a very public claim.
It's very flattering that his attention, when he’s with me, is solely on me. The arrogant Alpha that I’ve seen all my life is gone. This man is something I never expected. He’s all in, and he’s making sure I know it.
“Well, he’s not all in, but he could be.‘ Artemis purrs seductively. ‘ARTEMIS! I thought we agreed we were saving ourselves for our mate!! ‘We are.‘ She says but she sounds like she’s rethinking her decision.
‘Is that a question? Because it sounds like a question, not a statement. ‘I like him. I like Kai. I like how they treat us, respect us.”
I honestly don’t know what to say. While she always liked Liam and Cyran, she never considered doing anything to risk our mate bond. Her interest in having a physical relationship with Rik and Kai is shocking.
‘Well, I’m sticking to my guns on this one. We are NOT going to risk offending our mate by having a physical relationship with Rik. Not when our birthday is so close.’
Artemis sighs in my head. ‘I agree. But you have to admit, he is a fine specimen. When we can shift again, I wonder if Kai would want to go for a run with me.
‘lm sure he would. The question is, can you behave?” ‘Maybe? She snickers.
I push her out and refocus on the conversation at lunch. Chase seems to be hitting on Lacey and she’s not biting. In truth, she and I have always been in agreement when it comes to men. We have no interest in being anyone’s bed warmer or a notch ona bedpost. Chase doesn’t exactly have a good reputation when it comes to being with women. If I had to guess, I'd say he has notches on all four of his bedposts and is probably running out of room for more. He’s barking up the wrong tree with Lacey.
When Rik walks me to my car at the end of the day, I turn to him intending to tell him how much I appreciate his attention today. Instead, I realize that he has
+15 BONOS
moved so close that my brain stops functioning. I lean back and look up at him. He leans down to whisper in my ear, sending shivers down my spine. When he blows on my neck, heat slides down my core, and when he nips my ear, it’s like little shock waves going through my system. I try to get my voice under control, but it doesn’t work when I tell him that it’s only dinner. And when he leans his forehead against mine and tells me that it's so much more, I feel like a piece of my heart just got branded with his name.
No one and nothing will ever be able to take that bit of my heart away from him. No matter who my mate may be. I realize that I'm falling in love with Rik Forte and the thought has me so stunned that I just stand there, watching him walk to his car. He turns and winks at me before getting in his car and driving away.
Well shit, my wolf and I are totally screwed. We're falling in love with our Alpha The one that we are sworn to protect with our lives and we don’t even know if he’s our mate. 
###Chapter 90
Since I don’t have training when I get home, I decide to take some extra time and get ready for tonight. I take a long soak in my tub, using the scents that Rik got me as one of my gifts. I light the candles and when I’m done, I rub the vanilla lotion into my skin. I take some time blow drying my hair into big thick curls and I put a bit of make up on. Not too much, I don’t want it to be too obvious that I’m making an effort.
I put on an olive colored long-sleeve sweater dress with a cowl next and black leggings before adding brown knee-high faux suede boots.
Last night when I had my idea to invite Rik for dinner, I had planned out my side dishes to go with our steaks. Since dad always grills steaks on Thursday, I decided to add some truffle butter to melt on top when they first come off the grill. Dad had gone to the store today and gotten everything on my list, which included what I needed to make lobster mac and cheese and a wedge salad. It's not
still decadent.
Ethereal but by my home cooked standards, it’
When dad rolls into the kitchen, he stops in his tracks. “Cara?”
I turn to look at him, ignoring his questioning stare. “Thanks for getting the lobster and truffle butter dad.” “Cara? Why are you so dressed up?”
I could pretend I didn’t know what he’s talking about, but I’m still a terrible liar. ” I invited Alpha Rik to join us for dinner tonight. Apparently, he has been asking his father to join him at these dinners for years but Anders would never let him come. Supposedly this is ‘your time*.” I make air quotes when I say your time.
“Is that why we're having a fancy dinner tonight?” He asks.
“Well, it's his first time eating dinner here.”
Dad interrupts me. “And you're first time inviting a man to come over for dinner.” z
“He saved my life dad.”
“Uh-huh. Is that the story you're going with Cara?”
“Don’t you have some steaks to be prepping or something?” I try to change the subject. Aknock came at the door. I sucked in a breath and looked at my dad. “I'll get it.”
+15 RONDS
I walked to the door and brushed my hands down my dress. Why am I so nervous? I opened the door, a smile plastered on my face.
“Oh, Anders. Hi. Come in.”
He raises a brow at my welcome. “You were expecting someone else?”
I just smile and point to the kitchen. “Dad's just getting the steaks out. If you hurry, you might be able to help with something.” He laughs and moves toward the kitchen. I close the door and lean against it. I feel like my nerves are already shot.
I walk back toward the kitchen, and I hear Anders asking dad about our lobster mac and cheese. “Did I do something amazing to deserve such treatment?” He asks, just as I hear another knock at the door.
Anders head whips up and his brows furrow. He must be able to smell Rik’s scent at the door. “I'll get it.” I say and turn on my heel heading back to the door.
When I open the door, Rik is standing there, holding a bouquet of roses, a smile on his face. “Hey beautiful. These are for you.” He says, and hands me the flowers.
I take the flowers and step out of the way. “Red this time.” I say.
He walks up to me, kissing my cheek, “Mmhmm, red has a different meaning than white.” He looks at me and for a moment and I forget how to breathe. “Son? What are you doing here?”
Cooper 
###Chapter 91
Chapter 0091 “Son? What are you doing here?” Anders interrupts our moment.
I immediately step in front of Rik. I’m not sure if I’m protecting him or planning to take any wrath that comes from Anders, but I did this, so I'll be the one
responding.
“Alpha Anders. I invited Rik to dinner tonight. I understand that you feel that this is your time with my father, and if you choose for Rik to not be here tonight, then he and I will go somewhere else while you and dad have your time.”
He raises his eyebrow at me. “You and Rik will go somewhere else?”
“That is correct.” I can feel Rik trying to move around me so that I’m not in such a protective stance, but I’m subtly moving to keep him where he is. Behind me. Anders eyes moving back and forth between us.
“Anders,” my father calls, rolling toward us. “Haven't you learned your lesson yet about taking on Guardians?” Anders looks at me another moment before a smile spreads across his face. “You're right Clint. Taking on your little badass once was enough for me.” And he turns and follows my father outside to the grill. I turn back to Rik. “Well, come on in then.” As he passes me, he leans in and kisses my cheek again, causing me to blush.
As we head to the kitchen, I point to the stairs. “I'll be right back, I only have one vase and it’s upstairs.” He takes the flowers from me while I run up the stairs to my room to get the vase filled with the now dead roses. I bring them downstairs and see that Rik is looking around the house.
When I reach the bottom stair, he turns and smiles at me. “It’s cozy, it has a homey feel to it, I like it.” I stop and look around. I’d never given much thought to how cozy our house is. It has been my home for most of my life, so it’s always felt like home to me. “Yeah, I guess it is.”
He nods his head at the vase of dead roses in my hand. “You still have them?” “I couldn’t bring myself to throw them out, so...yeah, I still have them.”
He walks over, taking the vase from my hand, giving me the roses in his. “I'll be happy to replace them any time you need fresh ones. Where is your garbage can?” I point to where our garbage is and he throws out the old flowers, going to the sink to rinse out the vase and put fresh water in it. He takes the flowers from me and puts them in the vase. “Where do you want them?”
+15 BONOS
“How about the dining room table for now. I'll probably put them in my room later.”
“Dining room table it is. So, what’s for dinner? Something smells delicious.”
“Our dads always have steak on Thursday. I’m not sure if it’s become a tradition or if they just really like steak and make sure they get it once a week, but Thursday is steak night in this house.”
“Steak is good. But that’s not what I’m smelling.”
“Oh, I made a lobster mac and cheese. I hope you like that sort of thing.”
He walks over and puts his hands on my hips, gently pulling me toward him. You made me lobster mac and cheese?”
“Well, it...it’s for everyone.” I'm so nervous around him that I’m stumbling on my words. I don’t know what to do with my hands, and they end up on his chest. I can feel the heat of his body through our clothes. His chest under my hands is firm and muscular. I wonder what it would feel like to run my hands over his chest, down his abdomen to the line of his jeans. I’m overwhelmed by the scent of him. Like most shifters, he smells like the forest. But more than that, he smells strongly of brownies. It’s the same comforting scent I smelled when he rescued me. He said our house felt homey, but he smells like home. Like the place you come to at the end of a long, hard day when you need to relax and unwind. Your place of safety and comfort. 
###Chapter 92
I hadn’t even noticed that I’d leaned into him, drawing his scent into my nose until he leaned down nuzzling into my hair. “Little Guardian, I would love nothing more than to know what is going on in the beautiful head of yours, but I think we need to redirect your thoughts before our fathers come in and smell your arousal.”
It was like a bucket of cold water was dumped on my head. I leaped out of his arms as he chuckled softly. “Perhaps we can focus on dinner? How can I help?” He asks me.
I know my face must be scarlet in embarrassment, but I look around and get my bearings. The mac and cheese is almost done, so it’s time to make the salad. I get everything out to start chopping and plating the salads. I give Rik what he needs to set the table.
Dad and Anders come back in with the cooked steaks. They eye the two of us and Rik was absolutely right. It would not have gone over well if they had thought I Was
getting turned on by my future alpha.
I put a pat of truffle butter on each steak and after bringing everything to the. table, we sit. Anders and Rik sit beside each other opposite Dad and I, so I’m facing Rik. “This looks and smells delicious. Thank you both for including me tonight.” He says to both of us, but his smile is only for me.
I smile and duck my head as I focus on my food.
My Dad clears his throat before turning his attention to Rik. “So. You are mystery man, eh?”
Rik turns to Dad and replies, “Yes sir.”
Cara’s
“Did your father ever tell you what he had to do to get your mother to date him?” My father asks with an evil grin on his face.
My head whips up to Anders. “You had to convince Luna Calista to date you?” I can tell that this story is news to Rik as well because his attention is now on his father.
Anders is glaring daggers at my father who just smirks back. “Not like Lily wanted anything to do with you either Clint.” He throws a jab at my dad.
Dad just nods his head. “It’s true.” He turns to Rik. “Your father and I weren’t exactly known for having a chaste dating history.” Anders scoffs. “I wouldn’t call what we were doing ‘dating’.” “True. So, do you know this story Rik?”
Rik looks at his father before turning to mine. “No sir, I don’t believe I do.”
Dad and Anders are having another one of their silent conversations, almost like they are reliving the moment together while my father tells the story.
“Well, your mother and Lily were best friends. One day your father notices Calista at school. And...”
Anders interrupts him, “It was like everything in the world just righted itself.” A small smile on his lips at the memory.
Dad continues, “Right. So your father, being the future Alpha, saunters up to Calista and Lily.” “I didn’t saunter.”
“Oh, you sauntered.” My father jokes with Anders before picking up the story again. “And he asks your mother out on a date. Now, mind you, your father didn’t ask girls on dates. I’m sure you know how it is, they just flock to the strong males in the pack.” Rik looks from my dad to me but, intelligently, doesn’t acknowledge my father’s comment.
“So, imagine your father’s surprise when your mother turns him down flat.” Anders picks up the story line again. “I was so shocked, I didn’t even know what to do or say, and just watched the two of them walk away.” He looks over at me. Your father
wasn’t any help at all, basically laughing at me saying something like ‘tough luck buddy*.
###Chapter 93
I looked between the two of them. I don’t know why adding Rik to the group has changed the entire dynamic of their conversation tonight, but this is hilarious.
“So, what happened? How did you win her over?” I ask.
“I convinced your father to pull a Top Gun bar-singing routine with me.” Anders says and my father starts laughing so hard he has tears in his eyes. He’s still laughing when he says, “We were so bad, Calista finally agreed to go out with him if we would stop singing.”
We're all laughing now, and Anders says, “Hey, it worked.” “And the rest is history?” I asked.
“Not exactly. I had to show her that I meant it, that I wasn’t trying to make her one of my conquests. I think she finally realized how serious I was when I had a jewelry set made for her.”
Rik jumps in. “The aquamarine surrounded by sapphires?” He asks and Anders nods. “Yep, who do you think had it made for her?”
Rik looks thoughiful. “That’s where I got the idea to make Cara’s. I always loved that they looked like a combination of Mom’s and Shali’s eyes.” He looks at me as he says this and Artemis, the hussy, pushes forward so her eyes show in mine. Kai, not to be outdone, pushes forward for a moment too, making Rik’s beautiful eyes bleed to sapphire. He must get his eyes from his mother.
“Like father, like son.” My father says. “You may not have sung her a song, but grand gestures are definitely a Forte trademark.” “Not just a Forte trademark. I don’t remember you slacking in the grand gesture department.” Anders says to dad. “Mom didn’t want you at first either?” I ask, stunned because all I’d ever heard was how in love my parents had been. “Your mother shot me down several times. Only made me want her more.”
“So, what was your grand gesture?” Rik asked.
“Not to be outdone by your father,”
e looks at Anders who smirks back at him,
LC
I found a song called September Lily and I learned how to play it on the guitar. I practiced for months, every day.” “Trust me, it was EVERY day. I thought my car drums were going to burst.”
+15 DONOS
Anders interrupts, chuckling.
Dad smiles and continues. “On Anders 18th birthday, we arranged for me to get on stage. It was meant to look like a toast to him. But instead, I grabbed my guitar and sang my song to her. Walking through the crowd of pack members until I was right in front of her.”
He smiles wistfully at the memory, reliving it as he tells the story. “At the end, I got down on one knee. I think she thought I was going to propose, but we were both too young. And I asked if she’d be my date to the prom.”
“It was a bold move.” Anders states. “She could have shut you down in front of the entire pack.”
“But she didn’t.” Dad says softly.
“No, she didn’t” Anders repeats.
“So, we went to prom, all four of us together, and had a great time. And the rest, as they say, is history.”
Cooper Author
Double Cara update. What did you think of the glimpse of Clint and Anders back story? I loved writing
###Chapter 94
When I arrive at the Nelson’s home, I can tell that Cara is dressed up for me. She’s always beautiful, but her hair is in bigger curls than normal and there is light amount of makeup on her face. She’s so stunning it takes my breath away.
When my father asks why I’m there, I’m not surprised and ready with my response. What does surprise me is that Cara turns to stand in front of me, like she’s protecting me. And then she basically challenges my father letting him know that if he has a problem with me being here, that both of us will
somewhere else. go
While I appreciate that she’s willing to spend time with me, I’m punched in the gut with a harsh reality. In concept, the idea of having a Guardian is exciting, amazing. Someone who is your equal who will have your back on the battlefield. The reality, however, means that my Guardian, who is also my mate, will be putting her life on the line for me. I can’t let that happen. I’m the Alpha. It’s MY job to protect the pack, including and most importantly, protecting my mate and
Luna.
When I try to move out from behind her, she continues to shift her body so it's impossible for me to step around her without pushing her out of the way. My dad is watching the interaction and realizes what she’s doing. Thankfully, Mr. Nelson arrives at that moment to diffuse the situation and Cara invites me in.
While she goes to find a vase for the flowers, I take a look around. The place feels like home. It’s different than living in a pack house, and I wonder if she’d want to live in a house of our own when we’re mated. Especially when we are ready to have pups. I had never really considered living outside the pack house, it’s always been my home, but this could be even better. Just us.
After putting the fresh flowers in the vase, I ask her what the delicious scent is. I already know what itis, it’s her. The beautiful smell that is all hers. The smell that calms my nerves, relaxes my mind and brings me peace. She brings up the steaks and I can’t help but tease a bit when I say that’s not it. When she says it’s the lobster mac and cheese, I realize she went out of her way to make this a nice dinner for me.”
My need to be near her overwhelms me and I walk to her, pulling her hips against me. I’m not sure she realizes that she moans a little as her hands land on my chest and she leans into me. I'm confident that she’s not immune to the pull of the mate bond when I smell the sweet scent of her arousal and know that if we don’t shut this down now, I may not want to stop and that’s not good when both
+15 BONOS our fathers are just outside the door.
We finish prepping for dinner just in time to have Dad and Mr. Nelson return with the steaks. The smell of dinner is making my mouth water. No wonder my father doesn’t want to share his time on Thursdays. If I’d known he was eating this well, I’d have forced my way in a long time ago.
I had expected to be grilled by Mr. Nelson, so when he asks me about being Cara’s mystery man, I’m ready. However, the turn of conversation after that takes me by surprise. Watching the interaction between my father and Mr. Nelson is new and interesting. My father doesn’t have many close friends. Being the Alpha is a lonely position. It’s yet another reason why the Luna is so important in the pack. She provides the partnership that the Alpha doesn’t get from others, expect possibly his Beta if they are close.
GET 
###Chapter 95
The relationship between Dad and Mr. Nelson is practically a brotherhood. talk together as equals, laughing and joking at the other's expense, exactly as you would expect brothers to do. It’s a new and different side to my father that I haven’t seen before. [like it.
Cara is as surprised as I am that my father had to convince my mother to date him, and I silently curse Mr. Nelson for bringing up the way she-wolves are drawn to powerful wolves. Cockblock much Clint?
When my dad says he had the jewelry set made for mom that gave me the idea for the jewelry set for Cara, I can’t believe it. I hadn't really thought about where it had come from, it just always reminded me of mom’s eyes which gave me the idea for Cara's.
I love that while I’m talking, Artemis pushes forward to show off the allu eyes that I’m talking about. Kai pushes forward too. He wants to make sure Artemis knows he’s all in with me.
Mr. Nelson’s comment about ‘like father, like son‘ makes me proud. My father is a good Alpha, a good mate and a good father. I really do hope to live up to his high standards when I’m Alpha.
Listening to Mr. Nelson talk about how he had to convince Lily Nelson to date him too, gives me hope for Cara and I. I know we're mates, even though she doesn’t. They would have known before Mom and Lily as well, and it all worked out in the end.
There’s a brief pause while we clear plates and get dessert. Dad brought a pie that Mom made. “What kind of pie did Mom make this week?” I ask.
Cara pulls it out of the fridge and sniffs it. “Smells like peanut butter?” It’s a question, not a statement.
I walk up behind her, sliding my arm around her waist as I lean in. “Yep, peanut butter. I love Mom’s peanut butter pie. Should we make some coffee?”
She shows me where everything is for coffee and I start a pot brewing, while Cara starts washing up dishes. Our dads have stayed in the dining room, continuing to reminisce about the good old days, so it’s just the two of us in the kitchen.
There is something almost intimate about us moving around each other, being together like this. I realize, I want this. This life, this domesticity, this intimacy with Cara. For a moment, I can hear the sound of the tv in the other room with
+15 BONOS
cartoons, hear the pitter patter of little feet running through the kitchen as we move around them and each other cleaning up. I want it all and I want it with this woman.
I so overwhelmed with the feelings inside me, I can’t help myself. I go to her, take her soapy hands in mine and turn her to me before cupping her cheek and kissing her with passion. I pour everything that I'm feeling into that kiss. I want her to feel how much I want her, not just today or tomorrow, but forever, for always.
I'm lost in her scent, her taste, the feel of her lips against mine. I nip at her bottom lip seeking entrance until her lips part and I slide my tongue into her mouth, deepening the kiss. One hand slides into her soft hair, while the other pulls her tightly against me. I never want this kiss to end.
I've forgotten everything but her until I hear the sound of someone loudly clearing their throat. I’m suddenly brought back to reality and realize that I’m kissing Clint Nelson’s daughter with a passion no parent wants to see right in front of him. And not just him, my father as well.
I slowly pull my face away from Cara’s, only now realizing that her hands are gripping the front of my shirt, holding me close and one of my legs has slid in between hers. We're practically wrapped around each other. Cara opens her eyes. They are dazed and her lips are puffy from my kiss. She’s never looked more beautiful. 
###Chapter 96
I turn my head and see both dads looking at us. “Perhaps you can stop kissing my daughter iong enough to let us have some dessert Rik.” Mr. Nelson scolds me.
Sorry sir, your daughter is just too amazing to let moments like this one pass me by.”
He nods his head in understanding. “Just as long as you understand that my daughter is still underage and saving herself for her mate.” He gives me a knowing look. I’m her mate, he knows it, but he wants me to wait until she knows it as well.
“I understand sir, and I respect that decision.” “Son, if you’re going to be kissing my daughter like that in front of me, you’d better start calling me Clint.” YES! Finally! “Thank you, Clint.” I can’t help but smile.
Cara has gone back to finishing the dishes, hiding her face while she gets herself back under control. I grab the pie and a cutter and head back to the table. Cara gets the plates and coffee. While we’re eating dessert, I have a question I’ve been wanting to ask.
“So, I’m dying to know how you got the nickname Little Badass, Cara.” I’m looking at her as I say it, so I see the smile that flashes on her face before she forces it back down. She looks up at my father. I look between them, finally registering what happened.
“She pinned you, dad?” I ask, stunned. My father is one of the strongest Alpha’s in the country. He used to be the strongest, but younger Alphas like Liam and I are taking that title now.
Mr. Nelson, Clint, gets a smug look on his face. “She not only pinned your father, she did it in, what was it Anders? Fifteen minutes?”
His antagonistic tone has my father scowling. “Yes, fifteen minutes. I guess in your family it’s ‘like mother, like daughter.”
I look at Cara in awe. She’s that good? I mean, I’ve watched her with my warriors, she’s the best we've got. But good enough to beat my dad that quickly? Maybe I need to rethink going head-to-head with her.
As I watch, Cara’s brows furrow. “What do you mean? Did my mother pin you as well?” +15 BONGH
Dad’s head swings back and forth between Cara and Clint. “You never told her?” Clint looks surprised, then looks at his daughter thoughtfully. “I guess not. I guess it never came up.” He smiles at Cara. “You don’t just look like your mother; you also have her mouthiness and her toughness. She took Anders down in just under fifteen minutes in her day as well.”
Cara looks thrilled. I guess, considering how young she was when her mother died and everything her father went through afterward, she probably doesn’t know as much about her mother like most people do. The thought made me sad for her, and I want to find a way to give her the information about her mom.
“So, wait,” I jump in. “She got her record in kicking Alpha butt from her mom and her new nickname from you?” I ask Clint. “Yep.” Clint says, still smiling proudly at Cara.
“My nickname comes from you? What is yours?” Cara asks. Seriously, how do I know more about her family then she does?..
It's my father than answers. “He was the Big Daddy Badass, at least until your mother came along and knocked him down a peg or two.” 
###Chapter 97
Chapter 0097 This has been a fun evening. It’s been great watching my father look so happy almost youthful again.
When Rik asks what kind of ple his mom made, I had to sniff it. It smells good, like peanut butter. But, if I’m being honest, the room now smells like Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups between the pie and Rik’s brownie scent. My mouth is watering and if a nose could orgasm, mine would be. When he wrapped his arm around my waist and leaned in to sniff the pie, I had to fight the urge to lick his neck. It was right there, I could just lean in.....
Coffee! Yes, we need coffee. Thankfully, he doesn’t seem nearly as distracted as I am. I begin to wash the dishes, trying to get my head out of the gutter while he’s making coffee. But then, he’s there, taking my hands and he kisses me like I’ve never been kissed before. It’s possessive, passionate, loving, and so full of promise that all I can do is grab hold of his shirt and let myself get lost in the sensations of his mouth and his chocolatey smell commanding my attention.
I'm so lost in the onslaught to my senses, that I have totally forgotten where we are. When I hear someone clear their throat, I can’t be bothered to care. I am blissed out on Rik. Even after opening my eyes, I’m in his trance. I give my head a quick shake trying to come to my senses.
When he asks, I’m astonished to learn that Rik doesn’t know about my nickname. Dad, of course, proudly announces that I pinned Anders in fifteen minutes.
I did not know that my mother had done the same thing in her time. It reminds me that I need to go to her memorial. Maybe Rik would want to go with me. I know this is usually his night to go with his mom, but maybe I can convince him to go with me this weekend.
Imagine my surprise, when I also find out that my nickname comes from my dad. In hindsight, it was the older warriors that started calling me that, so it was intentional. I just didn’t understand it at the time. Now I’m proud of my
nickname. It means I’m like my father, and there is no one in the world I'd rather be like than my amazing father.
When we finish, Rik helps me clear the dishes again. When we're done, I look at him.
“Can I show you something?”
His face lights up, like I've just told him he’s won the lottery. “Of course.”
+15 BONOS
I take his hand, intending to guide him to my room. “Dad, Anders, we’re going upstairs. If I miss you Anders, have a good week.”
They both stop talking and turn to look at me like I’ve got two heads. Dad’s eyes track to my hand holding Rik’s. “The door stays open Cara.”
“Dad! Seriously?” “Door. Open.” This time, he looks at Rik and there is a clear warning there.
“Fine.” I roll my eyes and pull Rik along. I grab my flowers on my way upstairs. I want them back in my room where they belong.
When we get to my room, I let go of his hand and put the flowers back where the other ones were. I begin to clean up the dead flower petals that litter my desk. When I turn back, Rik is taking in my room. I see his brows furrow as he looks at my new bearskin rug. But, as I watch, he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. I sniff, but don’t smell anything. I wash my sheets every week, so it can’t be that. When he turns, he has a beautiful smile on his face. Ok, so maybe my room smells good? Maybe he smells the lingering scent of the candles he bought me? I point to the loveseat against the window where I’ve watched him in training.” Have a seat.”
He goes over and sits down. I walk around my desk and pull The History of the Guardian from a drawer in my desk. I don’t know how many people know I have it, but I think it’s better to keep it out of sight, just in case.
I have read some passages and want to share what I had found with Rik. It seemed only fitting since he was the one that got me the book.
I lug the giant tome over to the loveseat and sit beside him, laying the book on both of our laps. He wraps his arm around my shoulder, his warmth seeping into me. The smell of brownies becomes overwhelming again, and I turn into his chest. and sniff. I tried to be inconspicuous about it, but, of course, he notices. 
###Chapter 98
“Do I smell?”
“No, of course not. But....” I don’t want to sound stupid, and I start biting my lip thinking I should just keep my mouth shut. He takes his thumb and pulls my lip out of my teeth. “But?”
I just blurt it out. “Did your mom make brownies today?”
He looks at me, confused. Yeah, I know. Seriously random question.
“Not that I know of, why?”
I take another sniff. “It’s just that you smell like her brownies. Like fresh out of the oven brownies.”
His smile goes mega-watt. “Is that so?” His thumb starts making circles on my shoulder. It sends distracting tingles through my body. He leans in and brushes his nose in my hair. “I heard my mother’s brownies are your favorite.”
I close my eyes. I’m falling into his trance again. Artemis is no help at all, she’s been under the Rik and Kai spell for a while now. He chuckles and kisses the spot just above my ear. “Was there something you wanted to show me?”
My eyes fly open. Dammit, there was a reason I brought him up here. I turn back to the book, opening it to the page I wanted to show him.
“So, I've been reading the History book that this amazing Alpha got for me. I smile and give him a side eye glance, seeing him echo my smile. “And I found this interesting passage.”
I point to where I am reading.
Since the inception of the Guardian
There have only been two in existence at any time
Created by the Moon Goddess herself
The spirit of the Guardian will reincarnate
When the current body of the Guardian passes.
I look at Rik. I can see that he’s trying to work through what I want to know. When he looks back at me, I ask my questions.
I ask my questions. “There is nothing about a
Guardian being born. But here I am. For five years, there were three Guardians Do you think that it shifted the balance and may have put events into motion that caused my mother’s death?”
His arm wraps tightly around my shoulder, pulling me closer to him. I tuck myself into him, feeling calmer just being around him. This question had been weighing on me but getting kidnapped overshadowed it and I’m just now able to get back to working through this question.
He begins running his fingers up and down my arm. I’m not even sure he realizes he’s doing it. He looks lost in thought. Finally, he answers.
“No. I don’t think that your birth caused an imbalance. There had to be a possibility of two Guardians being mated at some point in time. So...”
He let’s the question hang in the air before looking at me. I ask the lingering question. “Where is my mother’s wolf spirit?”
We look at each other for several minutes before it all comes tumbling out of me. “I mean, it’s been 13 years. Don’t you think we'd have seen her, heard from her, something by now? Even if she didn’t recognize Dad and I, we would have known that another Guardian had awakened. I’m sure that knowledge would have been passed among the Alphas. You haven’t heard of anything, right?”
He leans over and kisses my temple. “No, we can check with my father, but I think I would have heard if another Guardian had awakened. He would have told your father.”
“Let me think about this. I have an idea, but I don’t want to say anything more until I know for sure that I might be able to get us some answers.” He turns to look at me, turning my chin so that I’m looking at him. “Can you give me a little time and trust that I will see what I can do on my end?”
my
I give him a sweet smile. “Yes. I trust you.” His answering smile is full of hunger as he rubs his nose against mine. The action so sweet, so tender, it makes heart melt. Even Artemis, who has been very quiet tonight, begins purring softly in my head.
He closes the book and gently puts it on the floor before turning to me, pulling me to him. One hand goes into my hair the other slides down my back pulling me closer as his lips take mine in a kiss so dominating, I can do nothing but submit to his passion. 
###Chapter 99
When we get to Cara’s room, I take a moment to close my eyes and just breathe In her scent. It’s intoxicating. Kai wants to jump on her bed and roll around. If It wouldn't be creepy, I would do it. The thought of being surrounded by her scent and leaving ours on her sheets makes us both happy.
When she asks if I’ve been around my mom and her brownies, I can’t help the smile that breaks out across my face. I smell like her favorite dessert? I lean in, running my nose through her hair. I smell like brownies to her, and she smells like vanilla and honey to me.
When she shows me the passage from the book, it’s curious. If there have only ever been two Guardians, how was Cara born? If Guardians are reincarnated versions of the same wolf, Artemis shouldn’t be a Guardian. And more
importantly, where is the Guardian that would have taken on her mother’s wolf spirit?
She's right. After 13 years, someone would have heard of a Guardian awakening. News like that travels like lightening. But I haven't heard of anything, and I know my father would have mentioned it if he had. If nothing else, he would have let Clint know.
There is someone that may have the answers she seeks, but I don’t know if he’d be willing to meet with us. King Ailduin would most likely have some answers. He did, after all, have the book with this information in it.
I don’t want to get Cara’s hopes up, so I just ask her to trust me and give me some time so I can get in touch with Ailduin and convince him to meet with us.
Her soft response telling me she trusts me is more than I can ignore. I move the book out of our laps. I have to taste her. I take her mouth in a show of dominance, growling my pleasure at finally having the taste I’ve wanted all night. I want her to feel my Alpha aura. In the past, I’ve chosen to curb the power of my aura, not wanting she-wolves getting too attached to me. But I know Cara can handle it, and I want her submission. I want to feel her trust. I want her and Artemis to give themselves to me and Kai freely.
Her arousal is perfuming the air and mixed with the scent that is all hers, I can feel how easy it would be to lose control. But I harness my desire for her. This is my time to see if she can truly give herself to me. She’s too young to claim but that doesn’t mean I can’t leave my mark on her neck. Her soft moan of pleasure elicits a growl from me.
+15 BONOS Pulling her into my lap, I begin trailing kisses down her jaw to her neck. “You smell so fucking good.”
I continue to nip at her, pulling her neck to the side to give me better access. My love bites may heal by the time we get to school tomorrow, but my scent will still linger on her. And I’m making sure it’s all over her.
I slide my hand up her thigh continuing my assault on her neck. I need to feel her, touch her skin, make her come undone for me. I want to watch as she lets go of the control she always has over herself. My beautiful, strong, powerful mate. I want everything with her, but tonight, I want to see if she will surrender herself
tome.
I lay her on the loveseat so I have better access and a better view. I slide her leggings down and slip a finger underneath her panties, running it between her lips, feeling her wetness before sliding it up and rubbing circles on her clit. A growl rumbles in my chest as I feel how wet she is for me. My sweet little mate. Kai pushes forward as I slide a finger inside her. Watching her as she lets us strum her body like a precious guitar. She is so responsive, so receptive. As I watch her, Artemis comes forward. Both of them have given themselves to Kai
and I. Now it’s time to see her lose herself in the pleasure we are giving her 
###Chapter 100
Her moans grow louder so I take her mouth again with mine, swallowing the sound. I run my finger back between her folds, kissing my way to my ear.
Spread your legs for me love.”
She does as I ask, and I pull back to look at her as I slide my finger in and out. I feel her body tense as she gasps. I hold her gaze watching her eyes darken with desire and need. The heat I see in them must be reflected in mine. I feel Kai shining in my eyes just as Artemis is shining in hers.
I slide my hand in her hair holding her as I ravage her mouth possessively. I slip a second finger inside her and begin to slide them in and out at a faster pace. Her body begins to tighten around my fingers, as she arches her back, searching for her release. I pull back so I can watch as she comes undone.
I can feel the intensity of my eyes on hers and my Alpha aura comes out. “Cum for me my little guardian.” The sound coming from my mouth is so raw and hungry with my need to see her give herself to me. The moment I say it, I curl my fingers inside her, hitting her sweet spot and her body clamps down on me.
Kai loses control. “MINE!” He states, claiming her.
I kiss her with every bit of feeling that I have for her; love, passion, desire, respect, I give it all to her in my kiss while I swallow her moans, helping her ride. out her orgasm on my fingers.
We're both breathing heavily, as she begins to come down from her high. I lean my forehead on hers, watching her. I gently brush her hair away from her face, continuing to slide my fingers slowly in and out of her as she trembles with aftershocks.
I need to taste her. I want to know if she tastes as good as she smells. I already know her mouth tastes deliciously sweet. So, while I hold her gaze, I slide my fingers out of her and put them in my mouth. She tastes so fucking good my eyes roll back into my head and I can’t help the growl that leaves me. So. Fucking.
Good. “Rik. Time to go. Cara has school tomorrow.”
I sense Cara stiffen, as my father bursts our bubble. But I take my time licking all of her off my fingers. This is the most decadent taste I’ve ever had the pleasure of savoring, and I do savor it. Every last drop.
“Be down in a minute.” I finally respond to my father. I don’t want this moment +16 BONOS to
end. And soon, very soon, it won’t have to. She will be mine and I can take as much time loving her and making love to her as I want.
When I'm done, I help Cara get her clothes back in order. While I don’t care who knows what we do together, I do care that no one should see my girl’s body but
1.me.
I want to kiss her again, so I lean down, letting her taste herself on my tongue. Then I rub my nose against hers. It’s more an act of love and affection and I want her to feel that too. This isn’t something that means nothing. It means
everything and I hope that I’ve conveyed that tonight.
I stand and hold my hand out to her. “Walk me to my car?”
When I help her up, she’s unsteady at first. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t love having her body pressed against mine. My dick is so hard it’s painful, but I can deal with that when I get home. Right now, I need to make sure my little mate is good.
When she is able to stand on her own, I touch her face again, because I can. beautiful.”
“So
And she is. Her eyes are still a little glazed after her orgasm, her hair is a little messy, her lips are puffy from my kisses and her neck is riddled with my marks Nothing and on one has ever been more beautiful to me.
When we get downstairs, I say goodnight to the parents. Dad mind links me tha he wants to chat tomorrow. Whatever it is, it’s not ruining my night. I’m flyin high and I intend to stay that way.
###Chapter 101
When we get to my car, I lean against it pulling her against me. I’m sure she can feel my arousal from our time in my bedroom. My dick is pressed against her stomach. No hiding that.
I pull her hands up, wrapping them around my neck before moving my hands to her hips, holding her against me. “I want you to be my girlfriend.” I tell her.
“What?”
“You and me. I want us to be together. I want everyone to know that you’re mine.”
“I don't...”
I cut her off. “I know you're waiting for your mate. And I won’t push you past any limits that you have. But, for the next seven weeks, I want us to be exclusive. You don’t see anyone else, and I won't see anyone else. It’s just you and me. We're together. I get to take you on dates. We hold hands in school. I can kiss you in public. The whole nine yards.”
I know her stance on waiting for her mate, she just doesn’t know she’s waiting for me. That's okay. We can both wait, but I need be able to spend time with her. Kai needs to be close to her. I'll find little ways to make sure that we have time together every day.
“Can I think about it?” She asks me.
“Of course. But I'll say it now. I want you. You, Cara Nelson, the woman; not Cara Nelson, the Guardian. I want the mind, body and soul, not just the fierce protector that you are.”
“Okay.” She says quietly. “Okay. I'll pick you up for school tomorrow?” I ask, hoping to start my day with my girl.
When she nods yes, I give her a tender kiss. I make a mental note to adjust any conflicts to being able to pick her up and drop her off daily, because I'll be driving her the rest of the school year.
“Goodnight love. Sleep well.”
I watch her wave to me as I pull away. I head back to the pack house. I’m in
desperate need of a release and a cold shower.
Anders
When Cara walks back inside, and says goodnight, I watch as she climbs the stairs headed to her room.
“What's on your mind Anders? Are you concerned about the two of them together?” My oldest and dearest friend asks me.
Tonight had been a wonderful walk down memory lane. Seeing our pups going through the same life experiences we have been through just brought it all back. I haven’t seen Clint laugh as much as he did tonight since, well, not since Lily's death. It felt really good to have my friend back.
“Not concerned in the way that you are thinking Clint.”
“Concerned in what way?”
I turn to my friend. “I can’t imagine what it will feel like for Rik to have a Guardian that is also his mate. My bond to you is so strong, and I’ve hated every battle we were ever in, knowing that you would give your life for me. But, at least, I didn’t have the same bond to you that I have with Cali. I’m not sure I would have been able to handle it if Cali had been a Guardian. My need to protect her is overwhelming sometimes.” a
Clint looks up to where his daughter is moving around in her room. “It’s not something we can choose Anders. It’s in our genetic code, our being, our soul. The pull to protect our Alpha is impossible to overcome.”
“I understand that. It’s the same with being an Alpha. It’s in my genes to protect my pack members. All my pack members.” I turn to look at Clint. “That always included you as well.”
I look back up to where Cara’s light has switched off and the sounds of her moving around her room have quieted. “I just wonder how the two of them will find the common ground they need as mates. If they don’t, they may just kill each other trying to save each other.” 
###Chapter 102
Overnight, I tossed and turned, thinking of Rik’s question. I really want to say yes. I want to get to know him. It’s a risk, if we begin dating. If he’s not my mate, it may cause issues with my mate in the future. But, as of now, I will be his
Guardian. Getting to know him is important. And I'll make sure to maintain my boundaries.
I finally fall asleep early in the morning but wake at my normal time. It’s time for me to get back to training. I know my father will not agree, and possibly Rik won't either. But I can’t continue to sit around.
I get dressed and head outside just as the other warriors begin to show up. Rik isn’t here yet, so I walk up to the others and greet them. I get a lot of high fives, welcome backs, good to have you back on your feet, the usual greetings when someone has been out for a while.
“Cara? What are you doing out here? You should be resting.” My father asks. “Dad, I need to get back to training. I need to start building my strength again.” “There will be plenty of time for that next week. For now, you need to rest.”
I turn to face my father head on. “No. This is not how you trained me, sir.” I use sir instead of calling him dad as an acknowledgement of him leading the training and me being a trainee. I need him to think like a warrior, not a father.
“Cara.” It comes out as a warning. He’s telling me not to argue with him. Well, guess what dad. You didn’t raise me to give up or give in.
“Sir.” I reiterate the word. The training field has gone silent. The warriors are watching to see which Guardian will win this battle. have trained me all my
life to fight through weakness. ‘The enemy won't give you a break if you’re hurt or injured Cara.‘ Those are your words, not mine. That is how I’ve been taught. That is how I train. Push through the pain, push through the weakness, push through until you can get back on your feet. So that’s what I’m going to do. I’m going to push through, starting today. Sir.”
My father is staring holes into me. His anger palpable. I feel heat at my back and smell the scent of brownies. Rik has arrived. I'm not sure if he is supporting me, or preparing to argue with me, but right now, my focus is on my father.
Alpha Anders walks up to my father and puts his hand on his shoulder. “She doesn’t just look like Lily, she acts like her too, don’t you think Clint?” He asks my father.
My father doesn’t say anything, and Anders continues. “Better to have her in training and under your supervision than to have her go off and try to train on her own, wouldn’t you agree?”
I see my father give in, his shoulders slumping in defeat. “You're right old friend. She’s as tough and stubborn as her mother.” His next statement is for me. “As your trainer, if I think you’ve had enough, you listen, do you understand me Cara? And no sparring, only obstacles today.”
“Yes sir.” I smile at my dad before turning to Rik. His brows are furrowed. “Are you going to argue with me about training too?” He puts his hands up in a surrender and takes a step back. “Nope, not me.” Then he grins at me.
“Okay you bunch of pansies, let’s see what you’ve got. Rik. Cara. You're up first.”
Dad has us on the outdoor ninja warrior course today. We are running the course in pairs. I’m familiar with it which will give me an advantage over Rik. He still has the overall advantage though because I’m definitely not up to my usual fighting strength.
When dad shoots the starter gun, we go. About halfway through, I realize Rik is holding back, making sure I can get through the course. He stays close until we finish, beating me by only a couple of seconds. I’m panting much more than I should be and my time is terrible, but I did finish.
I look at Rik, “You slowed down for me, why?”
He shrugs handing me a bottle of water. “I know you're not at the top of your game, and I just wanted to make sure you didn’t need any help. You didn’t, but I wanted to be there if you did.”
###Chapter 103
It's sweet and something that I wouldn’t have expected of the old Rik. The one 1 used to think he was. Now, having watched him in different scenarios, in different ways, being supportive and being a leader, I’m not surprised.
We turn and begin cheering for the other warriors. We make appropriate ‘ohhhh‘ and ‘ahhhh‘ sounds when they fall or get hit by flying s. Even in my weakened state, I still finished third behind Rik and Trevor.
“You bunch of pansies! You call yourselves warriors? My daughter, who was on her deathbed a couple days ago, still beat most of you? What kind of warriors do you think you are?” My father barks in his drill sergeant voice.
When it’s time for sparring, I walk around to help train the warriors with my dad. He’s focused on the weakest warriors, so I move to work with the warriors that are taking on Rik. “Listen up.” I call the warriors who will be sparring with Rik to attention. “Can anyone tell me what Rik’s signature move is?”
Not surprisingly, it’s Trevor that answers. “He uses is height and speed to bring you to the ground. Depending on his opponent's height, he may use an uppercut he to knock a shorter opponent off his or her feet. Or if it’s someone tall like me, likes to sweep the legs to bring you down. Once you're down, he uses his strength to pin you.
“Exactly. So, what is the key to defending against our Alpha’s signature move?” Silence. They don’t know the answer. Rik is watching me, he seems just as eager to hear my response.
I look at the warriors in our circle. “Anticipate the move.” Trevor scoffs. “That’s your big suggestion, anticipate his move? I already do that.”
“Actually, you don’t.” I tell him. “I’ve watched you, it’s the same way you are with me. You know my moves, but I still best you with them.”
“Yeah, because he’s an Alpha and you're a Guardian.” “Wrong.” Rik jumps in. “It’s because you expect to lose, and you get caught up in the fight and forget to anticipate the move.
“Exactly.” I pick up the train of thought. “Think back. When’s the last time either one of us used our signature moves on you in the first five minutes of sparring?” Rik and I have ended up shoulder to shoulder facing the warriors, as if we are
teaching the class together. United. It’s a good feeling.
“Now, let’s see you give it a try.” I step back and Rik steps up. I whistle for them to start and watch as Trevor begins to get lost in the fight. The other warriors are watching too, waiting for the signature move.
“Jump!” I shout just as Rik goes to swipe Trevor's legs. He does, but not fast enough and Rik still takes him down. “Good job, Trevor. Do you see the difference now?”
“Yeah.” He replies and takes Rik’s extended hand to stand.
“What I want to know is when do we get to see you two go head to head?” Trevor asks, and the other warriors agree. “Monday.” I say, just as Rik says “Not for another week or so.”
We look at each other. “No.” He says to me. “You need to be back at full
strength.”
“Hey Dean.” I call out. “You'd better get your betting odds ready.”
I step up to Rik. He’s shaking his head at me, but I know exactly how to get what I want. And I'll be close enough to full strength on Monday. And in this, even if I lose, I’ll win.
“I'll tell you what Alpha. You spar with me on Monday and if you win, the answer to your question last night is yes.” He stares at me for a moment. “That’s fighting dirty little Guardian.” “Just using the weapons in my arsenal, Alpha.”
He holds out his hand. “Deal.”
I shake it. “Deal.” I hear Dean starting to take bets on who will win on Monday.
My dad calls the end of training and the warriors all start to head to their homes. Rik looks at me. ‘I'll pick you up in 45 minutes Cara.”
“See you soon Rik.” I start to turn away to head inside. “Oh.” I turn back and realize he hasn't moved at all. He was watching me walk away. “Remind me I want to ask you something on our way to school.”
He Ins at me. “Can't wait.”
I turn and walk inside. I can feel his eyes on me the entire time. 
###Chapter 104
When my father and I arrive at training on Friday morning, the first thing I see is Cara dressed for a workout. The second thing I notice is that everyone is quiet and Cara is verbally clashing with her father.
I come to stand behind her. If she wants to train, I will train with her. I can make sure that she doesn’t push herself too much. I’m proud that she’s out here and ready to go, but I also don’t want her pushing too hard too fast.
When it’s time for sparring, I’m thrilled that Cara takes up a position to help work with the warriors that are going against me. I love her teaching method. She’s making my warriors think. It’s no surprise that Trevor has the answer to her question about my signature move. I’m surprised she knows what it is, but I guess I shouldn’t be. She’s been training to be a fighting machine her whole life.
Her fighting intelligence is superior. Her simple answer stumps Trevor and I can see by the look on their faces, that it stumps the rest of the warriors too. But she’s absolutely right. The only way to overcome a move that someone uses again and again, is to anticipate it and be prepared to counter it.
When Trevor gives her the flippant response that her answer isn’t helpful, I jump in. I move to stand beside her, showing a united front. She’s right about this and they need to know we are in total agreement.
The pack already knows that she’s my mate, so they will be looking at her as their future Luna. Showing them that we are in agreement will make the pack feel safer, stronger. It’s something that is important in pack dynamics. The Alpha and Luna should always show that they are unified. Dissention among the two leading wolves causes dissention among the pack, weakening them.
Cara is able to point out to Trevor where he made a mistake. Next time, I think I'll have a harder time taking him down, which is good. I plan to make him my lead warrior.
When Trevor asks when Cara and I will spar, we answer at the same time. I have no intention of sparring with her so soon, until she offers to give me what I
want. Her.
It's a low blow. I quickly think over the possibilities of sparring with her. I am a strong enough fighter that I can wear her out and not hurt her. I’m confident enough in my skills. Normally, I wouldn't try to wear her down, but if this is what it takes for her to say yes to being my girlfriend, then I’m in.
When Clint calls the end of training, I enjoy the view of Cara’s rounded ass as she +15 DONOS walks inside. Then, I head back to the pack house. My father falls into step with 1.me. “Son, do you think it's wise to spar with Cara on Monday? I know she’s tough and strong, but it seems too soon.”
“I agree dad, but apparently, she has put her willingness to be my girlfriend on outcome of that battle. So, yes, I’d rather wait, but I'm going to win and she
will be mine.”
He looks at me thoughtfully. “Just be careful. You don’t want the next several weeks to be spent helping her recover.”
“Don’t worry dad, I got this.”
When I get to Cara’s house, she’s walking out the door before I have a chance to get to her. I jog over and collect her bag, taking the opportunity to give her a quick kiss on her nose.
Her cheeks turn a pale shade of pink. Damn, my girl is adorable. So tough on the training field, so sweet and innocent over a little kiss.
When we get to my car, she stops. “Is this your birthday present?” She asks me.
###Chapter 105
I look sheepishly at her as I open her door. “It is, but to be honest, I didn’t expect It. I'd been looking at it for a while, planning to buy it for myself one day, but apparently nothing gets past my mother.”
She slides in and I close her door. On my way around the car, I put her bag in the trunk then join her. My car already smells like vanilla and honey. The small space making her smell that much more intense.
When I start down her long driveway, I remember her request. “What did you want to ask me?”
She turns to me. “First, you can say no.” I already know that I’d never deny her anything, unless she asks me to stay away from her. Then I'll definitely say no.
I look over at her as she hesitates. She’s rubbing her hands together in a way I’ve never seen from her before. I realize, she’s nervous. I reach out and put my hand over hers, causing her to turn her gaze back to me. “I haven't been to my mother’s memorial in a while, and I’m planning to go this weekend. I was wondering if you would like to go with me.”
“You want me to go with you to your mother’s memorial this weekend?” I confirm. I’m thrilled. She wants to spend time with me, time that she will be spending with her mother. But it also means that it’s one less excuse I need to find to see her this weekend.
“Yes, but feel free to say no...”
“Of course, I’ll go with you.” I cut her off. “On one condition.” I stipulate.
She eyes me warily. “What condition?”
I wait until I’m stopped at a light before turning to her. “I want you to go on a date with me tonight.”
I can see her hesitancy, so I continue. “I know that it won’t be as my girlfriend, but we can still go out to dinner together, right?” She looks at me for a long moment. The car behind me honks for me to go, so I turn and start driving again.
We're in the school parking lot before she responds. “Yes, I'll go out with you tonight.”
It's like the sun just broke through the clouds on a rainy day. She agreed to go out with me. I have her all to myself for the evening. Now, I have to make sure that I
+15 BONOS have a perfect night planned. My smile is so wide my cheeks hurt.
I hop out of the car and around to her side, rushing when she starts to open her door for herself. “I got that.” I tell her and finish opening the door, giving her my hand to help her out. When she stands up, I can’t help but pull her into me. ” Thank you.” I say softly so only she hears.
“For what?” Her voice sounds breathy, her eyes shining up at me.
“For saying yes. You just made my day.” I give her a quick kiss on her lips. Oh yeah, I'll be sneaking those in all day and all weekend if I can.
I grab our bags from the trunk, then risk taking her hand in mine as we walk into school. She doesn’t pull away, So I walk her to her lockers. Mine are on the other side of the walkway, but I don’t want to leave her side. Thankfully, once she
gets what she needs, she asks if I need anything from my locker. I smile as I grab her hand and lead her to my locker, letting go only when I must in order to exchange my books for class.
Then I walk her to her class, stealing another kiss from her lips before turning to head to my class, whistling as I go. Cooper Author
She agreed to the date! Where do you think Rik will take her? 
###Chapter 106
Rik picks me up, right on time. I head out to meet him and he seems perturbed, jogging up to me and taking my bag. He kisses me on the nose and I blush.
Romantic Rik is bewitching. He opens the door for me. Ok, I can totally get into Gentleman Rik as well. I'd be lying if I said I didn’t like the attention.
As we head out, he reminds me to ask my question. I don’t know why it’s important to me that he joins me when I visit my mom, but I want him to say yes. My desire for him to join me only makes me feel insecure in asking him, so I start off by telling him he can say no. I swear I hear him scoff.
I get so nervous, I can’t get the words out. I’m rubbing my hands together, looking out the window, trying to find the words, when I feel his hand on mine. I look up at him and he’s got me locked in his intense gaze. Without thinking, I ask
him.
As he repeats it back to me, like he can’t believe I would ask that, I hear how dumb it sounds and immediately start backpedaling, telling him he can say no.
When he says he'll come with me, I feel relief, until he adds the stipulation of a date.
Here’s the thing. I’ve been focused on my training and my studies my entire life. Two hours of training in the morning, school, two hours of training at night, dinner, homework, sleep, repeat. Even my weekends are focused on training and studies. You see where I’m going? There has never been room for dating in my life. Ever. The most I’ve ever done over the last year, is go dancing on Friday nights and more recently Liam would drive me home. Sometimes we'd stop for food, like the last time. But, that’s not a date. I’m nearly 18 years old and I have no idea how to act or what to do on a date.
I'm not used to feeling insecure, but I do now. What if Rik thinks I’m too immature to date? What if I do it all wrong and he realizes he’s wasting his time on me. He says it’s not as his girlfriend and he just wants to go to dinner. I can do dinner, right? I mean, we had dinner last night with our parents and it was fine. How hard can it be having dinner at a restaurant, just the two of us?
As I've been contemplating all of this, we’ve arrived at school and I realize I haven't given him an answer. ‘Just go. It can’t be that hard.‘ Artemis pipes in and makes up my mind. When I say yes, I get Rik’s mega—watt smile. I’m not sure there is anything in the world more amazing to see then when he turns that smile
on you, and right now, it’s aimed at me. I feel my heart flutter in my chest.
When he thanks me because I agreed to our date, that piece of my heart that already belonged to Rik, got a bit larger. His quick kiss on my lips makes me feel special, so when he takes my hand as we head into school, I don’t say anything.
When we get to my class, he kisses me again. I know I told him we could do this if 1 agreed to be his girlfriend, but I really like this side of Rik. He doesn’t care who sees us. He doesn’t care who may be watching. All he seems to care about is me. It’s intoxicating.
The rest of the day is exactly the same. He walks me to all my classes, sneaking in kisses before he leaves to go to his class.
At lunch, Chase is still giving it his best shot with Lacey. Her icy exterior doesn’t seem to have thawed overnight and I swear it’s only making Chase try harder. Good luck with that.
When we leave the lunchroom and get to my next class, I decide to turn the tables and before he can sneak in a kiss, I reach up grab the collar of his shirt and pull him to me. I don’t just peck his lips, I go all in and it only takes him a second to respond. Before I know it, I’m pushed against the wall beside my classroom, his lips bruising in their passion. I run my tongue across his lips and he opens them giving me entrance. I only have a minute before he takes control, dominating the
kiss.
When he pulls back, his eyes look as glazed as mine feel. I give him a smug look, pecking his lips again before sliding out from under his arm. I look at him over my shoulder. “See you after class Alpha.” And I walk into my room. Before the door closes, I hear a growl of pleasure rumble in his chest.
At the end of the day, we walk to our lockers, get our work for the weekend and then walk hand in hand to his car. He pulls me to the trunk to put our bags in and then walks me to the passenger door. He pushes me against the car and takes my mouth ina kiss so possessive that I can do nothing but try to keep up. When he pulls away, he leans his forehead against mine. “That's for getting me so turned on in the middle of the school day little guardian. I thought I should return the favor.”
He smiles and pulls back, opening my door. I feel unsteady on my feet. The man seems to steal my sense of reality every time he kisses me.
###Chapter 107
I am having the best day! Every time I see Cara, I’m stealing a kiss. She doesn’t seem bothered by it and actually seems to start waiting for me to kiss her.
By lunch, I’m on a high. I’ve grabbed a couple of minutes to make plans for dinner tonight and I called in a favor with my mom to make Cara’s favorite brownies. Chase is still, well, chasing Lacey. I can tell he’s enjoying the hunt. I know my friend. The longer she holds out, the more he’s going to keep coming after her. If Dean had a bet going, my money would be on my boy. He won’t lose. After lunch, I walk Cara to her class. I’m thinking about our plans tonight and about ready to steal another kiss when she takes me totally by surprise and pulls me down, kisses me like I’ve been dreaming she would. I’m stunned for about one second before I respond, pushing her against the wall outside her classroom. When she runs her tongue against my lips, wanting to deepen our kiss, I feel the heat flowing straight to my dick. Instinct kicks in and I take control. I want so much more, but we are in the middle of our school day with everyone watching. I’ve heard snickers from some guys and huffing from some girls as I've been kissing Cara. Don’t care. Let everyone see that she’s mine.
When I pull away, I feel drugged. By her scent, by her taste, by her. Her eyes are glazed for a moment before they become filled with mischief. She pecks my lips, ducking out from under my arm and then turns and flashes me a sizzling look that has my dick going from semi hard to rock hard. My girl is flirting with me, very publicly. My growl is all satisfied pleasure. Damn this girl. If this is any indication of what our life will be like, I’m a goner. One hundred percent, completely over the moon. And I couldn’t be happier about it.
I turn to head to class, not getting more than a few steps before Chase is beside me. “Might want to take care of that tent you’re popping before walking into class Alpha.” I look down. Shit! Shifting myself around isn’t going to hide this
one.
“Thanks man.” I say to Chase before detouring to the bathrooms. Again, this girl has me so out of control I have to relieve myself at school. A thought occurs to me about how to punish my little guardian for getting me this worked up during my school day. The thought alone has me cumming so hard and fast I still make it to
class on time.
I meet her after our last class. When I walk her to the passenger door, I push her against the car before she can get in. I put everything into the kiss, every bit of passion, desire, love, possessiveness. Everything. I hear the softest, sweetest
moan from her before I pull away and put my forehead against hers. I let her know that this is the punishment she gets for working me up during the school day before stepping back and opening her door. I feel very smug when I see her wobbling on her feet. Mission accomplished.
I hold her hand on the way home. I’m becoming addicted to the tingles that are only getting stronger as her birthday gets closer. I can’t imagine how much more intense the feeling will be when she recognizes me as her mate and then once we've completed our bond? Euphoria.
When we get to her house, I jump out of the car and walk around to open her door for her. She’s my girl and I want her to know that this is the kind of treatment she can expect from me. I’m pleased that she waits for me this time and I help her out of the car before grabbing her bag. I put it over my shoulder and take her hand, walking her up to the front door.
“I'll pick you up at 6pm, okay?” I turn to her, taking both of her hands in mine. “Okay. What should I wear? I mean, how should I dress?”
“Dress nice. I’m wining and dining my future girlfriend tonight.” I smile at her and kiss her nose. I start to tilt my head to kiss her lips when I hear Clint clear his throat behind me. I pull back and turn to greet him.
“Good afternoon Clint.” I reach out to shake his hand. “I’m planning to take your daughter out for dinner tonight.”
He raises an eyebrow and looks past me to Cara before looking back at me. “I expect you to take care of my daughter while she’s in your care Rik. If anything at all happens to her, you'll answer to me.”
“Of course, sir. She'll be safe with me.”
I'm not used to having fathers threatening me. In the times when I have taken a girl out, the parents are usually so happy that their daughter is going out with an alpha that they practically throw her at me.
“Do I need to remind you of the rules Rik?”
“No sir.” Yes, I remember that she’s waiting for her mate. Her mate being me. But I'll respect that she doesn’t know that yet, even though I know she’s already started to feel the mate bond.
Chapter 0108 “Dad. Have you forgotten that I’m HIS Guardian, not the other way around? Shouldn't you be threatening me to keep him safe?”
I can’t help my smirk. Cara can’t see it, but Clint can. He looks past me at Cara again. “First, you're not back to full strength yet. Second, he’s taking you out as a date, not as his Guardian so he damn well better treat you with the respect and protection that he would provide any other woman on a date.” His gaze shifts back to me. “Isn’t that right, Alpha?”
“You are absolutely correct Guardian.” I use his title since he used mine. “And I will treat your daughter with the utmost care and respect this evening.”
His gaze returns to Cara. “Go get ready for training, I want to do some light strength building today.” “Okay dad, be right there.” Cara replies.
I start to turn to say goodbye to Cara, when Clint stops me. “Rik. Why don’t you plan to start joining us for our afternoon training sessions starting Monday.
I think my mouth fell to the floor. “It would be my honor sir.” He nods once before wheeling himself inside.
I'm still staring after him when I feel Cara’s finger under my chin, closing my mouth for me. She moves to stand in front of me. “Guess I'll be seeing a whole lot more of you Alpha.”
I focus my attention back on her. “Well Little Guardian, after I defeat you on Monday, you'll be spending more time than just training with me. Now get going and be ready by six. I can’t wait to have you all to myself.”
I pull her to me and give her a scorching kiss before heading back to my car. When I look back at her, she’s still watching me, her fingers touching her lips. Yeah, I'll be spending as much time as possible with my girl.
When I get home, I check in with my mom. She has the brownies baked and set aside for me. She took it a step further and put a picnic basket together and added some wine and glasses. I thank her giving her a hug and a kiss on the top of her
head.
“Where's dad? He wanted to talk to me.”
“He’s in his office.”
I head up to my father’s office and knock, waiting for him to tell me to come in
When he does, I walk in and go to sit in front of his desk. He looks tired. I ask th most important question. “Any news from Liarn about Eli Gunnar?”
“Nothing yet. He’s found traces of him, but he’s good at hiding. He’s been doing It for years.”
I nod. I knew I'd have heard if Liam caught Eli, but I was hoping for better news.
“Son, I wanted to talk to you about Cara.” I sit up straighter, this was unexpected. “What about her?”
He folds his hands together and leans forward resting his arms on his desk and he looks at me. “Have you given any thought to what it will be like to have a Guardian as a mate?”
It has occurred to me, and I have to admit, I don’t like it. Kai and I already feel protective of Cara. Losing her to Eli, even fora week was maddening. And this is before we have a solidified bond. It will only become harder once she accepts us and we’ve marked and mated her.
“I have. I’m not really sure how to handle it Dad. I can’t give her a command to stand down, and I don’t want to command her. I want a partner. I want her to stand beside me, not in front of me. I should be the one protecting her, not the other way around. That’s my job as her Alpha, as her mate. But, I think we'll have to have a serious conversation about what that means for us and our future.”
He nods his head. “I’m glad you're already thinking about it. I don’t know that I have any advice for you. My bond with Clint made it hard enough to have him putting his life on the line for me. If it had been your mother...” He stops, shaking his head. Yeah, it’s not a comfortable thought and one that I’ll need to think about more before tonight. I want to have a plan to discuss with her. She’s stubborn and fierce, but I need for her agree with me on this.
“That was all, son. I wanted to make sure that you were thinking about the potential consequences
of the future.”
I smile at my father. Thinking about the future is what good alphas do. And my father has raised me to be a good alpha. I stand to go. “Thanks Dad. I appreciate it.”
As I turn to leave, he asks, “Where are you taking Cara tonight?”
“Ethereal.” I smile. “I want her to have the true dining experience. Then I’m taking her to the overlook to see the stars and eat brownies.”
“Sounds like a good night. Enjoy son.”
“I will.” And with that, I head out to get ready for my date. 
###Chapter 108
Chapter 0108 “Dad. Have you forgotten that I’m HIS Guardian, not the other way around? Shouldn't you be threatening me to keep him safe?”
I can’t help my smirk. Cara can’t see it, but Clint can. He looks past me at Cara again. “First, you're not back to full strength yet. Second, he’s taking you out as a date, not as his Guardian so he damn well better treat you with the respect and protection that he would provide any other woman on a date.” His gaze shifts back to me. “Isn’t that right, Alpha?”
“You are absolutely correct Guardian.” I use his title since he used mine. “And I will treat your daughter with the utmost care and respect this evening.”
His gaze returns to Cara. “Go get ready for training, I want to do some light strength building today.” “Okay dad, be right there.” Cara replies.
I start to turn to say goodbye to Cara, when Clint stops me. “Rik. Why don’t you plan to start joining us for our afternoon training sessions starting Monday.
I think my mouth fell to the floor. “It would be my honor sir.” He nods once before wheeling himself inside.
I'm still staring after him when I feel Cara’s finger under my chin, closing my mouth for me. She moves to stand in front of me. “Guess I'll be seeing a whole lot more of you Alpha.”
I focus my attention back on her. “Well Little Guardian, after I defeat you on Monday, you'll be spending more time than just training with me. Now get going and be ready by six. I can’t wait to have you all to myself.”
I pull her to me and give her a scorching kiss before heading back to my car. When I look back at her, she’s still watching me, her fingers touching her lips. Yeah, I'll be spending as much time as possible with my girl.
When I get home, I check in with my mom. She has the brownies baked and set aside for me. She took it a step further and put a picnic basket together and added some wine and glasses. I thank her giving her a hug and a kiss on the top of her
head.
“Where's dad? He wanted to talk to me.”
“He’s in his office.”
I head up to my father’s office and knock, waiting for him to tell me to come in
When he does, I walk in and go to sit in front of his desk. He looks tired. I ask th most important question. “Any news from Liarn about Eli Gunnar?”
“Nothing yet. He’s found traces of him, but he’s good at hiding. He’s been doing It for years.” I nod. I knew I'd have heard if Liam caught Eli, but I was hoping for better news.
“Son, I wanted to talk to you about Cara.”
I sit up straighter, this was unexpected. “What about her?”
He folds his hands together and leans forward resting his arms on his desk and he looks at me. “Have you given any thought to what it will be like to have a Guardian as a mate?”
It has occurred to me, and I have to admit, I don’t like it. Kai and I already feel protective of Cara. Losing her to Eli, even fora week was maddening. And this is before we have a solidified bond. It will only become harder once she accepts us and we’ve marked and mated her.
“I have. I’m not really sure how to handle it Dad. I can’t give her a command to stand down, and I don’t want to command her. I want a partner. I want her to stand beside me, not in front of me. I should be the one protecting her, not the other way around. That’s my job as her Alpha, as her mate. But, I think we'll have to have a serious conversation about what that means for us and our future.”
He nods his head. “I’m glad you're already thinking about it. I don’t know that I have any advice for you. My bond with Clint made it hard enough to have him putting his life on the line for me. If it had been your mother...” He stops, shaking his head. Yeah, it’s not a comfortable thought and one that I’ll need to think about more before tonight. I want to have a plan to discuss with her. She’s stubborn and fierce, but I need for her agree with me on this.
“That was all, son. I wanted to make sure that you were thinking about the potential consequences
of the future.”
I smile at my father. Thinking about the future is what good alphas do. And my father has raised me to be a good alpha.
I stand to go. “Thanks Dad. I appreciate it.”
As I turn to leave, he asks, “Where are you taking Cara tonight?”
“Ethereal.” I smile. “I want her to have the true dining experience. Then I’m taking her to the overlook to see the stars and eat brownies.”
“Sounds like a good night. Enjoy son.”
“I will.” And with that, I head out to get ready for my date. 
###Chapter 109
Dad goes easy on me in training, but it still feels good. As I work to get my body stronger, it is helping to make Artemis stronger as well. She’s back in my mind full time, but not yet strong enough to shift.
After training, I skip the bath for a shower, knowing I'll need time to do my hair and makeup. Since I’m not exactly sure where we are going, but he said to dress nice, I decide to go with an off the shoulder long sleeve red sweater dress. I pair it with a thick brown belt to give it dimension and matching brown knee-high boots. I pull my curls into textured waves, with a single braid on one side that I pin back. I go light on makeup, adding more color to my eyeshadow and a softer glossy tint to my lips. Light eyeliner and a swipe of mascara finishes off the look.
Just as I’m finishing up, I hear the knock at the door. I grab my jacket and purse and head downstairs. When I open the door, I’m greeted by my gorgeous date who is holding another bouquet of flowers, tulips this time.
Before I can say anything, he whistles low, looking me up and down. “Damn. I’m going to have to fight off all the other male wolves tonight.”
I roll my eyes, even though I know I’m blushing. “Tulips this time? And in their own vase?”
I reach for the flowers, taking them as he leans in and gives me a light kiss on my lips. “I thought I would do something different and surprise you. And you mentioned that you only had the one vase.”
He follows me as I walk into the kitchen. Dad looks up from the living room. Rik.” He nods his head in acknowledgement before looking at the tulips and looking back at Rik. “Tulips, huh?”
44
“Yes sir.” Rik responds and he has a smirk on his face. I look between the two of them. “Do tulips have a meaning as well?” I ask, feeling out of the loop.
Dad turns back to the TV, ignoring me. Rik leans down and gently kisses my lips. again. “Maybe.” I shake my head, putting the flowers on the bar before calling out a goodnight to my father.
Rik takes my hand and leads me out to the car. “So, where are we going?” I ask. He opens my door, but before I can get in the car, he presses his body against mine, kissing me properly. My hands slide into his hair, pulling him closer. I hear a soft groan before he pulls back, watching me as he licks his lips. “Delicious.” He
says. I smile. “Must be my lip gloss.”
He chuckles, shaking his head. “Nope. Definitely not the lip gloss.” I get in the car and we pull out. “So...?”
He looks over at me, taking my hand and kissing the back of it before putting it on his thigh, interlacing my fingers with his. “I wanted to give you the real dining experience at Ethereal.”
I'm startled. My very first date is going to be at the most expensive restaurant around?
I look down at myself. “Am I dressed okay?”
I take inventory of what he’s wearing. A sapphire blue button-down long- sleeved shirt that fits him like it was made for him. The cuffs are turned up showing a white underside giving it an edgier look. He’s left it untucked over his black slacks and he’s wearing black dress shoes. His long hair is down tonight. It’s sexy, hanging down to his shoulders. He usually pulls it into a man bun, so it’s a different, almost wilder side to him.
He looks over at me, squeezing my hand. “You look beautiful. Perfect, as always.”
We arrive at the restaurant, and he drives up to valet parking. The valet opens my door and I step out. The restaurant lives up to his name. It feels like we’ve entered a fairy land. There are no buildings in the near vicinity, so it gives the impression that you are in the middle of the forest. Twinkling lights are everywhere, making you feel that you are far away from the stresses of the world. The music that is lightly playing outside is gentle and relaxing, adding to the overall atmosphere. From here, I can see inside the floor to ceiling windows. The interior is dark with dim lights, giving it a romantic feel and this extends out the front entrance to the valet. Even though I can see that there are people inside, the dim lighting provides privacy. It just feels, well....ethereal. 
###Chapter 110
Rik walks up, smiling at my expression. I’m sure I look like I am in awe, and I am. It’s beautiful. He takes my hand and walks us inside. I’m surprised and happy to see Tamara at the hostess stand.
She smiles as we walk in. “Alpha, Lu...Cara, welcome to Ethereal.” “Tamara.” I smile at her. “It’s so good to see you again.” She smiles at me and gives Rik an apologetic look. I wonder what that’s about.
“Please, follow me.” She says and leads us to a private booth in the back. As we walk through, I notice that the restaurant, which wasn’t exactly loud to begin with, goes silent as diners watch us pass. Everyone nods their head in deference.
to Rik.
We are seated in a semi-circular booth giving us the ability to sit side by side and also look out over the surrounding forest. “If you need anything at all, please do not hesitate to let me know.” Tamara says as she hands us our menus.
Rik takes my hand in his as we begin to look over our menus. ‘Is it always like that for you?” I ask, never having spent time with Rik in public like this.
He turns to me. “Like what?” He asks.
“Like it was when we walked in here. Everyone getting quiet and watching you walk by.”
He shrugs. “I think it was for both of us, not just me.”
I scoff. “Why would people show deference to me?”
He looks at me as if I’m missing something important. “You're a Guardian.” He says as if it’s obvious.
“But...” I’m cut off as our waitress comes over. “Alpha.” She says and while she gives me the barest of looks, just enough to not be considered rude, she makes a point of looking Rik up and down, practically salivating over him. Yes, he looks. gorgeous, but really, he’s on a date and you're working. Have some respect.
I feel Artemis push forward. She’s feeling disrespected too and wants to put this she—wolf in her place. But before I can say anything, Rik looks up, giving her a brief glance and smile. “Hey Jessica.”
He turns to me. “Do
“Sure.”
you want wine?”
“I say. He turns back to the wine menu. “Red, right?” He asks me.. SONCES-C
“Do you drink red?” I ask, because I honestly don’t know.
He turns and smiles at me. “I do tonight.” “Rik...” I start to tell him not to order it if he doesn’t drink it, but it’s too late.
He looks at Jessica and orders a bottle of red for us and water as well. She gives him what I assume is her best, seductive smile. He doesn’t seem to notice as he turns back to me. I see her smile slip a little as she turns to go get our wine.
It's like there is no one else in the world for Rik, except me. It’s heady, and I feel myself getting sucked into the Rik vortex.
###Chapter 111
I can’t wait to see Cara’s face when we get to Ethereal. I’ve only been here a couple of times with family. I’ve never brought a date. She doesn’t disappoint. The look of wonder on her face is worth it.
When we see Tamara, I’m thankful I gave my Alpha command as she almost called Cara ‘Luna’. Thankfully, the command made it impossible for her to say it and she covered quickly.
When Jessica shows up at the table, I cringe internally. I’m polite, but again, I need to make it clear that there is only one person in this room who has my attention tonight, and she’s sitting right next to me. I give Jessica the barest amount of attention possible to get our order and then dismiss her.
I turn my attention back to my girl. I see Artemis has pushed forward. Cara quickly pushes her back down. Interesting. I wonder if I missed some subtle queue that Jessica gave off. I need to pay more attention.
“So, what do you think of this place?” I ask her.
She turns to look outside, her eyes go wide. “It’s amazing. I can’t even fathom how they made this place look like a fairy tale, but they did. They’ve done a great job. And even though I know the restaurant is busy, it’s so quiet.”
Fairy tale. Yeah, that’s a good way to describe how I’m feeling right now. I feel like I’m in a fairy tale with my princess.
She looks back at me, her eyes so full of wonder. I can’t help but lean in and kiss her sweet lips. Her taste and her scent are getting stronger every day. It’s going to be harder and harder to resist her as we get closer to her birthday. I move my hand to cup her face, her hand pressing gently against my chest. I don’t stop kissing her until I hear someone clearing their throat.
I take my time pulling away, keeping my eyes on Cara, until I finally turn to see Jessica standing there with the bottle of wine. She looks like she just ate a lemon. Good. Let the word spread that I’m publicly kissing my girl. I’ll keep making public displays like this until she wears my mate mark on her neck. I want everyone to know she’s mine.
Jessica shows me the wine bottle, asking if I want to taste it. I look at Cara. “Do you want to do the honors?”
She looks at me and I see a moment of hesitation before she looks at Jessica. “Yes.” That’s my girl.
Jessica pours her a taste and she takes the briefest amount of time, sniffing and tasting it before agreeing that it is acceptable. Jessica pours our wine and then asks if we’re ready to order. Cara starts to look at the menu, but I jump in.
“We’re going to be taking our time this evening. You can bring us some bread and a charcuterie board to start us off.” Jessica looks startled but recovers quickly and gives us a small, fake smile. “Of course Alpha.”
When she’s gone, I turn back to Cara. I pick up our wine glasses and hand her one. I lift my glass in salute. “To the first of many evenings together.” I say.
Cara clinks her glass against mine. “Cheers.”
We both sip our wine, our eyes staying locked on each other. The electricity in the air is palpable. Yep, the next several weeks are going to test my patience.
“So,” I say after we set our glasses down, “tell me something no one else knows about you.”
She arches an eyebrow at me. “Something no one else knows?”
I nod, watching her.
“Well,” she starts, thinking. I see her cheeks turning pink. Oh, this will be interesting. She looks at me through her lowered lashes. “It’s not something no one knows, but only my father knows. Does that count?”
“I think it counts.”
She starts pulling at the napkin in her lap, not making eye contact with me. “Umm,” Her blush has gone from pink to scarlet and it’s moved up to her ears and is starting to head toward her chest.
###Chapter 112
What in the world has my girl this embarrassed? I reach out to take her hand. I don’t want her to be embarrassed or uncomfortable telling me anything. Ever. I want her to feel comfortable sharing every part of her life with me. I certainly had no idea such a simple question would elicit this response from her and now I’m desperate to know what it is. In the past desperate to know what it is. In the past when I've used this as an ice breaker on dates, the answer I get is something like, ‘I got my first kiss at seven.‘ Or ‘I
walked in on my parents having sex in the kitchen.‘ Silly things. Whatever this is, it’s important to Cara. And now I really, really want to know.
She continues to look down at her napkin. “Promise that you won’t make fun of me?”
I know I sound intense when I reply. “I would never!”
Asoft smile breaks out across her face before she lifts her eyes to mine. “This is the first date I've ever been on.” I'm stunned. I blink. Once. Twice.
How is this possible. She’s nearly 18. She’s a Guardian. She is known to have spent time with Liam, but she’s never been ona date? I thank the Goddess that I chose this restaurant as our first date. Her very first date ever.
I can see my lack of response has made her uncomfortable and she’s looking down again. I reach my hand under her chin and lift it up so she’s looking in my eyes. I lean in so our lips are barely touching. “I’m honored to be the first man to take you ona date. I don’t know how or why I got this lucky, but I don’t care. And I hope that this is one of many firsts that we get to share together.”
I can see her eyes go shiny with unshed tears. Did she really think I would be mad or rude about it. I’m thrilled! It means I’m not measuring up to anyone. I get to be all of her firsts.
This time it's Cara that bridges the distance between our lips, kissing me with a passion that I will one day stoke to a roaring fire. But for now, I enjoy her passion, listening to her quiet moans and enjoying the taste of her sweetness.
Acough interrupts us again. Jessica is getting on my nerves.
“Here are your appetizers. Can I get you anything else right now?”
It's Cara that replies. She hasn’t removed her hand from my face and she doesn’t take her eyes off me. “No, we're good for now.” 122
+15 BONDS
I see Jessica leave out of the corner of my eye. I smile at Cara and take her hand, sliding it to my mouth so I can kiss her palm. Watching her, I take my tongue and make slow circles on the inside of her hand. Her eyes darken and her mouth falls open as I hear her sharp intake of breath. Keeping her hand in mine, kissing her palm again, I look at our food. I take a piece of cheese and bring it to her mouth. I watch as she bites into the cheese, her eyes closing and a groan leaving her lips. “Take a sip of wine.” I tell her softly. “It will be even better with the taste of the cheese.”
She does as I request, watching me over the rim of her glass as she sips her wine. “You're right. It’s delicious.”
She sets her wine down and looks at the plate. She takes the hand that I’m not holding and puts a piece of prosciutto on a slice of bread before bringing it to my lips. I keep hold of her hand but move it in between us and open my mouth, letting her feed me. We go back and forth like this until our appetizers are gone. There is something so intimate and sexual about feeding each other.
I have a moment of absolute clarity when I realize, not only do I want this the rest of my life with this woman. That no matter what happens, I will make sure that we have it. Together.
OF
###Chapter 113
Chapter 0113 My jealousy toward Jessica is gone pretty quickly. Hard to be jealous of someone that is clearly getting shafted because of you.
When Rik asked about something no one else knows about me, the only thing that came to mind was this date. I’m sure there are other things, but my brain and my senses are being overwhelmed by Rik and I can’t think of anything beyond this moment. So, at the risk of him finding me foolish, I tell him.
Rather than him laughing at me or making some brusque comment about it, he almost seems happy. When he says he hopes that this is one of many firsts we'll share together, I know exactly what he means. Artemis begins purring in my head again. Apparently, she’s on board. I’m not sure I’m there yet. His previous reputation still sits heavily in my mind and while this whole evening seems very out of character for him, it doesn’t mean that he’s changed.
My concentration is completely distracted again when he runs his tongue over my palm. I’d be lying if I said that eating appetizers has ever been this intense or so much fun.
This time when Jessica comes back, I look at Rik. “What do you suggest for dinner?”
He smiles. “You've already had my favorite. Filet and lobster tail.” I return his smile. So my gift was his favorite dish.
I look at Jessica. “Do you have any specials this evening?”
She looks a bit like she’s feeling ill when she responds. “There’s a Wagyu Beef Chateaubriand for two.”
“Perfect. We'll take that.” Rik jumps in. He looks at me. “Anything in particular you want for side dishes? They come a la carte.” “I trust your judgement, Alpha.” I get his mega watt smile as he orders our sides.
When Jessica leaves, I redirect our conversation. I want to know something about him that he’s never told anyone.
“What is something about you that no one else knows, Rik?”
He slides his fingers across my cheek, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. When he looks back into my eyes, he smiles. “Well, I'm not sure that no one knows this, but I’ve never brought a date to this restaurant before. I've only ever been with my family.”
Okay, that’s a shock. This whole romantic feel makes this place seem like a perfect place to have a date night. “Why?” I whisper.
He cocks his head to the side, a frown starting in between his eyes. “Why what?” “Why me?” I can’t help but ask. Why am I getting special treatment? If this is just about me being a Guardian, he doesn’t need to make it this romantic. And Artemis and I are both starting to fall hard and fast for this man and his wolf. If this is only about a lifetime of being in close proximity, I need to know sooner rather than later so I can tame my expectations. My feelings for this man that seem to be on a roller coaster ride that has almost reached the pinnacle and is at the moment just before the ride falls over the peak to the gut clenching drop. Once you crest the top, there’s no going back.
“Haven't you figured it out yet Cara? You're very special to me. I have every intention of making sure that you know just how special you are to me, every day.” And just like that, I’ve crested the top and the roller coaster is in free fall, while I’m just hoping to make it to the end without losing
myself.
I'm saved from responding when our food arrives. We move to easier topics for the rest of dinner. The food is amazing and Tamara’s mate, Jared, comes out to see how we like it.
“Did you make our dinner tonight?” I ask, remembering that he made my lunch. He smiles at us. “I did. Did you like it?”
We both tell him how amazing our dinner was and what a great chef he is. Tamara joins us and smiles proudly at her husband. “This whole venture was because of my very talented mate. It was all his idea.” She says proudly. His look, when he looks at her, is full of love. “It may have been my idea, but it’s this beautiful woman at my side that made it into a reality.” 
###Chapter 114
Chapter 0114 Rik answers for both of us. “You’ve both done an amazing job here. The
atmosphere, the food, the ambiance, it’s all perfect. I thank you both for making my date with this remarkable woman memorable.” I nod my agreement and they ask if we'd like dessert. Rik tells them we have other plans, and we'll take our check when it’s ready.
“We have other plans?” I ask when they walk away. “We do, our date isn’t over and I hope you enjoy our dessert place just as much as you’ve enjoyed our dinner spot.” “Well, I've been pleasantly surprised at your ingenuity and unde sure of
what I like. If it’s anything like what you've done for me so far, I’m sure I'll love it. And of course, the company is beyond compare.”
“I couldn’t agree more about the company.” He says, bringing my hand to his lips and kissing my knuckles.
When we leave, he heads in a different direction, farther away from the pack house. He takes us to a spot that I’ve never been before. He opens the door for me and as I look around, he goes to the trunk and pulls out a picnic basket.
“We're having a dessert picnic?” I ask.
“Something like that.” He says as he takes my hand and we begin walking down a dirt walkway. We don’t have to walk long before we come to a place where the ground gives way. The cliff overlooks the nearest human city. The city lights twinkling in the night, but far enough away that you can see every star in the sky. It’s beautiful.
Rik finds a spot near a tree and lays out a blanket before pulling a bottle of wine out of the picnic basket. “Compliments of my mother.” He says raising the bottle of wine. “How is Luna Calista?” I ask. It’s been too long since I've spent any time with her.
“She’s good. She’d love it if you’d come by the packhouse. And, if I’m being honest, I'd love it too. You're a part of this pack Cara, but you never do anything with the pack.”
I shrug at that. “I’ve never really had time. I mean, I train with the warriors in the morning, and have been for years. But between training, school, homework, I’ve just never had time for things like pack runs or dating.” I look at him and give.
+15 BONOS
him a sheepish smile.
“Hmmm, we'll have to change that.” He says and hands me a glass of wine.
He reaches into the basket and pulls out a covered plate. The smell hits me before he pulls the cover off. “Oh man! Are those the best brownies in the world?” I ask and am rewarded with
Rik’s smile.
“I may have put in a request and when mom realized they were for you, she was more than happy to comply.” I bite into the gooey goodness and moan softly. Seriously, what does she put in these brownies Mine never taste this good.
When I open my eyes, I realize Rik is watching me. Even in the dim light, I can see his eyes have gone dark. He looks....predatory. A shiver of excitement runs down my spine. What would it be like to have him hunt me and Artemis? Artemis. purrs so loud at the thought that even Rik can hear it.
“Want to share with the group?” He asks with a devious smile. I shake my head no and finish my brownie.
He finishes his brownie and leans back against the tree. “We need to talk Cara.“ 
###Chapter 115
This evening could not have gone any better. The dinner, the ambiance, the amazing company, it’s been perfect. Now we're here at the overlook and the night is gorgeous. It’s a little cool, but that just means I'll have an excuse to pull Cara closer to me.
I'm really interested in what has Artemis purring so loudly I can hear her, but when Cara says she doesn’t want to tell me, I let it slide. I have something that I need to discuss with her. I’ve been thinking about it since last night, and while we’re here, together and alone, I think it’s time.
I lean against the tree and pat my leg. “Come sit with me?” I ask. I’ve been touching her all night and now with her sitting away from me, the space around me feels unpleasantly empty.
She moves over to me, ready to sit beside me, but I grab her by the waist and turn her, sitting her in my lap, so she’s facing me. I want to see her face and have her see mine for this conversation.
She yelps a bit when she settles in my lap. I’m guessing she’s never been in a situation where she’s straddled a man that she wasn't pinning to the ground in training.
“I want to talk about last night, and what that means for our future.” I see her brows furrow when she starts thinking about last night, so rather than let her ask questions, I jump right in.
“When you thought my father was going to come down on me, you stepped in front of me. You acted as my Guardian, even though I didn’t need you to. Even without thinking about it, you were protecting me.” She starts to interrupt but I put my finger to her lips to silence her.
“Let me say this, please.” She nods and I remove my finger, sliding my hands down her arms to her hips. “I’ve had a lot of time to think about what happened in the woods with Eli. Time to think about what it would have meant if something had happened to you after you sacrificed yourself for me. And I’m going to tell you now Cara, I can’t live with myself if something were to happen to you because you were taking a bullet, an arrow, a dart, whatever it is, if you take the hit for me. I honestly don’t know how my parents have been able to live with that guilt. But I can tell you, I won't be able to do it.”
I take a deep breath before continuing. This is key. I need her to agree to this.
“I want us to have a partnership, not Guardian and Alpha. I know I'll never be able to keep you out of the fight, but I want you standing by my side, not in front of me. If we’re fighting together and something happens to one of us, then it does, and we live with that. But please, don’t ever put yourself in a position where you give your life for mine.”
I take her hand and I put it on my heart, holding it there with both of mine. “I’m strong Cara. I’m a strong Alpha that, in truth, probably doesn’t need a Guardian. But since the Moon Goddess decided to bless me with a fierce and powerful protector, who am I to complain? But,” I pause to make sure she’s hears me. Your life means more to me than just a pack member, more than just a Guardian. So, promise me, please, that when the time comes for us to fight, because we both know it will come, that you will stand beside me, not in front of me.”
I watch as a series of emotions play across her face surprise, frustration, anger, gratitude. She takes her other hand and slides it up my chest. Her face is still thoughtful when she responds. “I can’t guarantee that I will be able to stop myself if it comes to saving your life. Being a Guardian is like being an Alpha. It’s in my blood and I can’t fight the genetics. But,” She pauses before finishing. “I would love to be your partner in life.”
I know my smile is huge and without thinking, I lean up and kiss her. It’s fast and
“Thank you.” I say with fierce before I pull away, looking into her eyes. everything I’m feeling in my heart.
She smiles at me then leans in and rubs her nose against mine, her eyes closing in contentment. “Can I tell you something?” She whispers.
“I want you to tell me everything Cara Nelson. Anything, everything. So yes, tell me something.” I chuckle.
SONOS SLI 
###Chapter 116
She slides her nose across my cheek to my ear. I feel her breath a moment before she speaks, and I can feel myself going hard underneath her. “I think you smell better than your mother’s brownies.” Yep, rock hard.
I run my nose under her ear before responding. “Can I tell you something?” I whisper. I feel her body shiver and know she’s feeling this just as much as I am. She nods against my cheek. “You smell of the most delicious vanilla and honey. Every time I’m near you, it’s hard for me not taste you. And when I do?” I moan softly in her ear, and I’m rewarded with the scent of her arousal drifting up from between us. I nip her earlobe before finishing. “You taste even better than you smell.”
Her neck lifts slightly, just enough for me to know that she’s submitting to me. I don’t waste any time kissing her neck, licking and nipping my way down to her mate mark. I want her to feel the pleasure that will one day soon be permanently etched on her neck.
I continue my gentle assault on her neck, working my way down. The minute my tongue slides across the space where her mate mark will be, her body goes rigid. I stop and I can hear her heart rate has increased, her breaths have become gasps, and not the good kind.
I pull back and look at her and the look in her eyes terrifies me. I put my hands on either side of her face. “Cara.” She doesn’t respond. “Cara!” I say it louder and see her eyes refocus on me. “That's right. Look at me. I’m right here.”
I...1...” She stammers. It takes me only a moment to understand my mistake. While I had left love bites on her neck last night, between her sweater and my desire to watch her, I’d never gotten down to the area where her mate mark would be. The area where Eli had plunged his canines over and over. I had just inadvertently thrown my girl back into her worst nightmare.
“Cara. Look at me.” When she does, I hold her gaze. “I will never mark you against your will. Do you hear me? You are safe. I won't hurt you. She nods stiffly and I pull her against me, wrapping my arms around her, rocking her gently.
I continue to hold her until I feel her body relax and her arms go around me. “I’m sorry.” She whispers./
I put my hands on her shoulders and push her back so I can look at her. “You have nothing to be sorry for love. It’s my fault. I got carried away and I didn’t
think. I should be the one apologizing to you.” Her face is still pale. “I didn’t mean to ruin...”
I interrupt her. “You didn’t. Here.” I pick her up by her waist, turning her around and readjusting us so that she’s sitting in between my legs, leaning her back against my chest. I wrap my arms around her and lay my chin on her shoulder. ” Did you know that I know every constellation in the sky?” I ask.
She shakes her head before giving me a weak “No, I didn’t know that.”
“Well,” I point to a spot in the sky. “You see those three stars that look like they make a triangle?” She nods. “That’s Dory. And that,” I start to point to another
set of stars.
“Dory? As in the little blue fish from the Disney movie?” She asks.
“Yes, the very same one.” I reply in my most serious voice.
She turns her head and looks at me arching an eyebrow. “There is no Dory constellation.”
“Sure there is.” I tell her, pointing to the triangular stars again. “You see the front star is her nose, the back star is her tail, and the top star is her dorsal fin. Dory.”
I feel her body start to shake with her chuckle. That's better. I continue making up stupid constellation names until she joins in and we end up laughing and joking before finally settling in to relax and just enjoy the night.
“I need to get you home. You're still recovering and I want to see you again tomorrow. I don’t want your dad banning me again.” “He can’t ban you while I’m conscious, so I think you're safe. And can we go see my mother tomorrow?”
“I would love that. But can I ask a favor of you in return?”
“Sure.” She says.
“Come have dinner with me at the packhouse afterwards?” When she agrees, I know tomorrow is going to be a great day! 
###Chapter 117
I can’t believe I freaked out. Everything was fine and then it was like it all came flooding back. The fear, the pain, and I got lost in the memory. Rik was great, helping me get centered. But it makes me worry. What will happen when the time comes and I do find my mate? He will want to mark me. What if I freak out? What if can’t go through with it?
These thoughts kept me awake most of the night. When it’s time for training,
Dad goes light on me again, but it still pushes me. When we're finally done, I’m sore and decide to take a long, hot bath to soothe my aching muscles and hopefully clear my head. I still have some of the muscle soak from Rik’s gift and I pour that into the tub. When I slide in, I lean my head back against the edge of the tub and just soak until the water goes cold.
I should pick up some flowers to take to my mother’s memorial. I have no idea what Luna Calista and Rik bring as far as flowers but we’re heading into spring, and some color would be nice, I think.
Rik said he would pick me up at 3pm. That gives me plenty of time to go get some flowers and get caught up on my missed work from school. Graduation is in 3 months and I need to make sure there is nothing that keeps me from getting out of high school.
I have lunch with dad and let him know my plans for the afternoon and evening.” Good, I’m glad you're going to see your mother,” is all he said.
Around two, I head over to the florist. When I walk in, I don’t really know what to look for. There is an older woman behind the counter. “Can I help you?” She asks
1.me. “Yes ma’am. I want to take some flowers to my mother’s memorial, but I don’t really know what to get.” “Do you know what kind of flowers your mother liked?” I shake my head no. She died when I was young.”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.” She looks around at the flowers. “Well, there are different ways to choose flowers, but no wrong way. You can choose by the color that speaks to you, the shape of the flower itself, the meaning of the flower or by the month.”
That reminded me. “Do you happen to know what tulips mean?” I ask her. I had forgotten to look up the meaning of my tulips this morning.
15 BOHOL “Oh tulips. They are my favorite! They mean ‘perfect love’. Isn’t that beautiful?” She asks.
“Yes, it’s really beautiful!” Perfect love. And Rik knew exactly what they meant. It makes me smile. I can’t wait to see him today.
“What is the flower for May? That is when my mother was born.” “Over here.” She takes me over to some white flowers. “These are Lily of the Valley. They are the flower for May.”
I slide my hand down the stem of one. “Lily of the Valley. I wonder if that’s where her name came from?” I say more to myself than the florist, but she heard me.
anyway. “Oh, was your mother’s name Lily?” She asks looking at me more closely. “Yes. Lily Nelson was my mother.”
Her hand goes to her mouth. “You’re Cara Nelson?” She asks.
I have no idea why she would know who I am, but I respond tentatively. “Yes, that’s me.” “Oh my goddess. I’m so happy to meet you. My name is Dorothy.” And she puts her hand out. I shake it. “Did you know my mother?”
“Only on the periphery. I’ve known our Luna since she took her position, and your mother and Luna Calista were great friends, so I knew her that way.” She looks around again. “If you don’t mind, might I make a suggestion?”
“Of course!” I reply, happy for the help.
“If you like these, I think they will be great, but Luna Calista has been getting mostly red and white flowers through the winter. Since it’s March, we have the March flowers in as well, daffodils. Those are yellow and you could pair those with lily of the valley and have a nice bouquet for your mother.”
I agree and she takes what she needs to make up the bouquet for me. While I’m waiting, I hear the bell above the door ring with another visitor and a moment later, my nose is filled with the scent of brownies. 
###Chapter 118
I turn and see Rik. He hasn't seen me, but I see his nose go in the air and he starts sniffing. I duck behind a large plant, waiting to see if he'll sniff me out. ‘Yes, let him hunt us.‘ Artemis snickers in my head.
I'm peeking around the planter trying to find him, when he grabs me from behind. “Gotcha.” He says, nuzzling my ear. I giggle turning in his arms and wrapping mine around his neck. “Artemis thought it would be fun to hide from you. “Oh believe me, Kai was all kinds of ready to hunt you.” He smiles before kissing me. “What are you doing here?” “I'm getting flowers for my mother. What are you doing here?”
He smiles and takes my hand, heading over to where Dorothy is finishing with my bouquet. “I’m picking up the flowers I ordered yesterday for your mother.”
I look at him out of the corner of my eye. “You mean when you were here getting my tulips?”
He turns and smiles at me. “Exactly.”
“Do these flowers have any special meaning I should know about?” I ask.
“Nope. There is only one person that I get flowers for based solely off their meaning.” He reaches down and kisses my nose. “Perfect love?” I ask.
“Yes, you are.” He says smiling before turning to Dorothy.
“Good afternoon, Dorothy.”
“Oh, good afternoon Alpha. Give me one minute to finish with our future Lu..... erm, our future Guardian’s flowers and I'll get yours.”
“No problem Dorothy. I was headed over to pick up this beautiful woman before going to Lily Nelson’s memorial, so now I’m saved a trip.”
“I have my car outside Rik, I'll have to drive it home.”
He takes my hand. “I'll have someone come by and get it for you. Unless you need to get home for another reason?”
I look down at myself. I had planned to do another once over on my appearance, but that seems silly since Rik is standing here now and has already seen me. “No, 
###Chapter 119
I didn’t want to be late to pick up Cara. I really wanted to be early, like hours early, but I restrained myself. She has things to do today and I don’t want to overwhelm her.
When I can’t wait any longer, I head over to the florist to get the flowers I ordered. yesterday. Dorothy had suggested that I start adding some color to Lily’s memorial, so it’s violets today. I’m surprised when I walk in and immediately catch my favorite scent, vanilla and honey. I look around and don’t see her. ‘Let’s hunt her down.‘ Kai says to me, and I can feel his excitement. He’s been wanting to chase our mate for real. Unfortunately, Artemis isn’t yet ready to shift so Kai has had to be patient.
I stalk around some plants, following my nose. When I see her peeking around a planter, I know that she hid from us so we would have to find her. Oh my little guardian, you can never hide from me.
Wrapping my arms around her and hearing her yelp of surprise has made my day. I take a deep breath of her amazing scent and feel everything that was out of sorts in mind and body today settle immediately. She has become the balm to my stress and worries, and she doesn’t have to do anything but be in my presence.
I suddenly have a flash of Liam, having gone so many years without his mate. For someone that is as alone as he is, he really is a great Alpha. He doesn't let his own emotions impact how he runs his pack. At least not yet. Alphas have been known to go feral if they don’t find their mates. I really hope he finds his, but I'll be damned if he thinks he can have mine.
After convincing Cara to leave her car, we head to the memorial. I can tell when we arrive that she’s nervous. Never having had to live without my parents, I can’t imagine what it is like for her. But I plan to be by her side and support her in any way she needs.
When we walk up to the memorial, Cara stops and looks around. “You and your mother placed all these flowers?” She asks me.
I point over to a section just off to the side of the memorial. “I believe that group in front is from your father. And those around the back are probably from other pack members giving their respects. These on the sides are from my mother and I.”
I begin to walk toward the memorial, taking her hand and pulling her along with me as she takes it in. There are many people in the pack that loved Lily Nelson.
From what my mother said, she was a wonderful person with a beautiful soul. She touched so many lives in our pack.
I let go of Cara’s hand and walk up to the memorial. Following in my mother’s footsteps, I place my hand on the angel's folded hands. “Thank you, Mrs. Nelson, for your sacrifice. Mom told you we’d never forget, and we never will.” I add my own part to the end. “l am keeping my promise to you. I will make sure that she is always safe.”
Cara walks up to me. “What was that? What promise?”
Before answering, I take my flowers and make room at the foot of the stone statue for both of our vases. I place the flowers and stand, looking back up at Lily’s angel.
My mind takes me back to that moment as I tell Cara. “The day your mother died, we were under attack and my mother tried to get us to the bunker, but we didn’t make it. We were cut off and were about to be attacked. Your mother came out of nowhere, taking out the other pack’s warriors. I can remember it so clearly. She was incredible. I'd never seen anyone as fierce as her.” I stop and look at Cara. Until you.” I swallow hard as I go back to the memory.
“She took down so many wolves, but they just kept coming and at one point, she was so severely injured, that she shifted back. I think she knew that she wasn’t going to make it. My mother had shifted and was fighting as well. However, you know my mother, she’s not a warrior. But she was holding her own to protect me. Your mother looked me right in the eye.”
My mind takes me back in time and I’m there, in the battle, seeing Lily dying in front of me, hearing my mother’s wolf snarling from somewhere behind me. I’m trusting you to watch out for her. Take care of her and keep her safe for me. Promise me Rik. Promise me you'll always look after my little girl.”
Cara’s gasp pulls me out of the memory. “It was the last thing she ever said. I’m not even sure my mother knows she said it to me. I never told anyone. It scared me. But before her eyes dimmed, I promised her. I promised your mother that I would always keep you safe.” I chuckle humorlessly. “I’m guessing she didn’t realize her daughter would be a Guardian too.”
I turn to Cara and take her hands in mine. “So you see, I have a promise to keep. I must ensure your safety. It’s not just the Alpha in me, or the love that I feel blossoming in my heart for you, but I must keep my promise to your mother.”
I cup her face in my hand, loving that she leans into my touch. I lean forward and gently kiss her lips. I can feel the tears hanging in the corners of her eyes. I take my thumbs and wipe them away before they can fall. I pull back to rub my nose.
+15 BONOS
against hers. “Don’t cry love.”
She sniffs and pulls herself together. She sets her flowers down beside mine. “Do you mind if I take a moment with my mother alone before we leave?”
“Of course not. I'll wait for you at the car.”
When I get to the car, I lean against it waiting for Cara. I think back to that day. There was something in Lily's eyes, in the way she told me to take care of Cara. It was like she knew. Like she knew that Cara and I would be mates. There’s no way she could have known, but somehow, I think she did. 
###Chapter 120
When Rik heads back to the car, I take a moment to look at my mother’s memorial. “I miss you mom. I really wish you were here so I could talk to you about everything that is going on. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what the right choices are. Dad is great, but he’s not you.
I close my eyes and imagine that she’s standing here next to me. What would she say? ‘Follow your heart. It won’t steer your wrong.’
I swear it’s almost like she’s standing beside me. Like I can feel her presence. I’m sure it’s because I want to feel it so badly, but it's comforting. I open my eyes. Thanks mom. I love you.”
I head back to the car. Rik kisses my head as he opens my door. I slide in and we head to the pack house. Now I’m nervous for a different reason. I’ve never eaten at the packhouse. From what I understand, it’s always full of pack members getting together. Even those that don’t live in the packhouse are welcome to join in at any meal. The result is a very loud, very busy cafeteria type atmosphere, similar to what we have at school.
When we get out, Rik takes my hand. I know I haven't accepted being his girlfriend officially, but no matter what happens on Monday, I’m going to say yes. I’m going to listen to my mother’s advice and follow my heart. But since I really want to spar with him, I’m not going to tell him that until after our match up on Monday.
When we walk into the dining hall, the room goes quiet. I immediately regret agreeing to come here. Why is everyone staring at me?
“Cara!” I look up to see Luna Calista beaming at me. She has started walking toward us.
“Luna Calista, how lovely to see you.” I force a smile on my face, but I know it must look fake. I’m just hoping I don’t look like I feel, like I want to throw up.
I feel Rik’s thumb making circles on the back of my hand and I look up at him. He’s smiling down at me. I instantly feel better. I’m not on my own trying to navigate this new experience. He’s here and I know he'll stay be my side until I feel comfortable.
Luna Calista comes up and hugs me. “It’s so good to see you. Rik said you’d be coming by tonight, but I wasn’t willing to believe it until I saw it with my own
312
+15 BONOS
eyes. Will you join us at our table?”
She points to a table where Anders, Chase, Charles and some other ranked wolves are sitting. “Of course.”
Luna Calista pulls me away from Rik, who rolls his eyes. She steers me to the table and sits me next to her. “Mother, you can’t hog her for the whole meal.”
“Nonsense. If you want to sit closer, have Chase move.” Chase stops mid-bite, looking up at Rik like he’d be nuts to make him move. Rik jerks his thumb and Chase huffs before moving down a seat. Now I’m seated between Rik and Luna Calista.
An omega comes over and asks what I’d like for dinner. “Ummm, what are my options?” I ask.
“Anything you want dear, our kitchen staff are adept at making everything.”
I look at Rik, but he’s just smiling at me. I turn back to Luna Calista. “What would you recommend Luna?”
“Please, call me Calista or Cali like your mother did. And I’m a sucker for Italian.” I see the omega smiling behind her back. Apparently, it’s well known that our Luna has a weakness for Italian food. 
###Chapter 121
“I love chicken parmesan and our chef makes the best I’ve ever had, isn’t that right Anders?” She says looking at her husband. He also has food halfway to his mouth, obviously not expecting to be pulled into the conversation.
“Well, it's not steak with truffle butter, but it’s pretty good.” He says giving me a knowing smile. I smile back. “Chicken parmesan it is then.” I tell the omega.
Conversation over dinner is easy. Calista seems very excited to have me around and Donna, Charles‘ mate, also seems happy to have another female in the mix. Looking around the table, it does seem dominated by males.
After dinner, I excuse myself to find a restroom. Rik points me in the direction they are in, and I go off to find it. I did need to use the bathroom, but I also really needed to just catch my breath. This had been a lot. And while it has been fun and unexpected, I was getting a lot more attention that I was used to.
When I step out, there is another she—wolf waiting. “All yours.” I say and move to step around her. “You know he'll get bored with you, right?” I stop and look at her. “Excuse me?”
“He’s acting all into you now, but he'll get bored with you. He always does and then you'll be nothing but another one of his conquests.”
She's hit a nerve. It is the one thing that I’ve been worrying about. What if this isn’t real? What if he isn’t as into me as I am with him?
‘She’s just a jealous she—wolf.' Artemis chimes in. ‘We are above this.‘ Artemis. The voice of reason. I take her advice and choose the high road. “You know, green really isn’t your color.” I say to her. She sneers at me. “Are you color blind? I’m not wearing green.”
I give her what I hope is a kind smile. “Green. It’s the color associated with emotions like envy and jealousy. They aren't attractive on anyone, and that includes you.”
“And why would I be jealous of you?” She practically spits out.
Suddenly, she’s looking behind me and her entire demeanor changes. I don’t have to look to know it’s Rik. Great. “Alpha.” She practically purrs. “I was just welcoming Cara here to the pack
+15 BONOS
house.” I raise my eyebrow at her. Seriously?
Rik wraps his arms around me, pulling me to him so my body is surrounded by his scent and heat. It calms me immediately. “Is that what you were doing Sheila? Because it sounded like you were being rude to my future girlfriend.”
Her face registers shock before she begins stumbling for an explanation. “I...1... He interrupts her. Nuzzling his nose in my hair he says, “Did you know that Cara pinned my father in a sparring match in 15 minutes?” I watch her eyes go wide as she shakes her head, no.
He continues. “Or that she is immune to wolfsbane?” Now her eyes are as big as saucers when she looks at me.
“Rik.” I try to convince him to stop, but it comes out much breathier than I
wanted. His proximity, his deep voice and his face breathing against mine were turning me to mush.
“Or,” He continues, sliding his nose up my.neck, “that she can mind link her father from a distance where I can’t even feel mine?”
He moves to the other side of my neck and begins his gentle assault on that side. ” Or that even when she is restrained by silver, she can still speak to Artemis?”
I can see the defeat in her eyes. Did she think I was a normal she—wolf? She had to know at least some of the strength of being a Guardian. Or maybe not. She’s not a warrior after all. 
###Chapter 122
I suddenly realize the room behind us has gone silent. Everyone listening to our exchange. Rik raises his voice to take in the entire room. “If anyone is foolish enough to take on my Guardian, good luck, you'll need it. And after I defeat her in our sparring match on Monday, she'll officially be my girlfriend.”
I tense up at his declaration. I wasn’t going to say anything, but I should have known. He’s been very public with his claim of me all along, and this is no different.
It's Trevor that responds. “Wait! The answer Cara will give a yes to on Monday if you win is to be your girlfriend?” He asks as if this has any bearing on the match. I feel Rik turn to him and nod.
“Well shit! Sorry Cara, I was betting on you, but now....no way Alpha’s losing that one.” I see from the corner of my eye that Sheila is slinking away to lick her
wounds.
I turn in Rik’s arms to look at Trevor directly. And not just him, all the warriors seem to be crowding around Dean. “You can’t all bet on Alpha Rik, there’s no betting pool if everyone makes the same bet.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” I ask them.
Jason's head pops up. “Sorry Car, we didn’t know you were the prize. No way Alpha’s losing on Monday.” I turn to look at Rik’s very smug face over my shoulder. He still has his arms wrapped tightly around me, not letting me go.
“Cara?” It's Alpha Anders this time. I look up and the table of bettors quiets down to hear what is said. “Yes Alpha.”
“You heard the tales the other night. You should know that a Forte never loses when his eye is on the prize. Isn’t that right Calista?” And he turns the same smug look that Rik gave me to his mate.
Calista’s lips purse for a moment before a smile reluctantly breaks out. She turns to me. “I’m sorry sweetheart, but Anders is right. If I were to bet on this one...” Every warrior’s head popped up like a group of meercats. “I said IF I was a betting person, which I am not,” All the heads dropped back down to the betting sheets. “I would have to bet on Rik this time.”
I shake my head. “Fine. If everyone is betting against me, why don’t you pick something you can at least go odds on?” They all turn to me expectantly. I step
+15 BONOS
away from Rik and walk toward their table. “You don’t really think he’s going to take me down easily, do you? Why don’t you bet on how long it will take him to pin me?”
Dean’s face lights up. “Brilliant!” He starts writing it up. Trevor looks over his shoulder at me. “Has Artemis shifted yet?” “Not yet, I...” Artemis pushes forward answering the question. “Tomorrow warrior. I will be shifting tomorrow. And if any of you ever bet against me again, you will face me on the training field so I can remind you of who you are dealing with.”
Every warrior’s head turns in deference to Artemis. “Sorry Artemis. It’s just, we know that you're not yet at full strength and Rik and Kai have been pretty clear that they want you and Cara, so....nothing personal, we know how incredible you are, you don’t need to remind us.” They attempt to placate her.
It's Rik’s arms wrapping around me again that finally settles her. His voice is deeper than before, indicating that Kai has pushed forward when he asks, “Does this mean we get to go for a run tomorrow little guardian?” 
###Chapter 123
Dinner was great. I can see everyone watching us, watching Cara. It’s her first real public appearance and just as I expected, my mother circled her with ranked wolves to make sure she feels comfortable. I’ve been going back and forth talking to the others at the table while also keeping my attention on Cara and her conversations. I’m ready to swoop in if she starts to feel overwhelmed. When she asks where the restrooms are, I point her in their direction. I know she needs a minute to regroup.
I keep my eye on where she went. If it takes her too long to come back, I will go check on her. I want this to be a positive experience, one that she will repeat daily with me. It’s important to the pack and if she’s going to be my Luna, she needs to feel comfortable being a part of the large group.
Because I’m watching so closely, I see Sheila sneak over to the bathrooms. Oh hell no!
I get up and head over to redirect whatever it is she thinks she is going to say to my girl. This is not going to happen. Sheila has walked around a corner and doesn’t see me coming. So I overhear their conversation. Cara is even more amazing than I expected. She doesn’t get angry and doesn’t react other than to tell Sheila that jealousy isn’t attractive. How can Sheila be stupid enough to tell Cara that I would give her up. She knows she’s my mate, so she knows that will never happen. It’s ridiculous and borders on being insubordinate to her future
Luna.
So, I do what I’ve been doing, I claim her publicly. I know everyone is watching me as I begin explaining all the reasons why Cara is more worthy of my claim than any other she—wolf in this room, this pack, or the world. She is remarkable and most of the other wolves don’t know her strength outside the training field. But I do. And I make sure everyone else in the pack knows now too.
I knew announcing that our match on Monday meant she’d become my official girlfriend would throw the betting odds completely off, but I also wanted to stake my claim yet again. I’m thrilled that my warriors understand the importance of this match enough that now no one is betting against me. And Cara’s compromise of betting on the length of time is a good one. I know she won't make it easy on me and I don’t plan to hurt her, so yeah, it will be a long match with me wearing her down until I can pin her.
When Artemis comes forward and announces that she will be shifting tomorrow, Kai pushes me out of the way to come forward. He’s been prancing around in my
+15 BONOS
head for days wanting to be with his mate. He’s practically purring in her ear when he asks about going on a run tomorrow. And that sassy little minx turns in our arms and smirks up at us. “Do you think you can catch me Kai?”
Alow growl rumbles in my chest. “I will catch you little guardian. No matter how long you run, no matter where you hide, I will find always catch you.”
Her eyes flash a brilliant gold before Cara pulls her back and looks up at Kai. “No misbehaving Kai or I won’t let you two out together again, got it?” She scolds my wolf.
He rubs our face against hers. “Define misbehaving.” He says softly in her ear.
She scoffs, “You're as bad as she is.” She nips my chin, now give Rik control, he needs to walk me home.
I pull Kai back and take her hand. She hasn't stopped me from holding her hand yet, so I’m going to keep doing it. “Let me say goodbye to your parents.” She says, pulling me in that direction.
We walk over and mom gives her a hug. “I hope to see you again soon Cara. It was really nice having you here.”
Cara smiles at mom. “Apparently, I’m going to lose my match on Monday and part of my deal with Rik was to spend more time here in the packhouse, so I guess you'll be sick of me before long.” 
###Chapter 124
Mom looks up at me and back to Cara giving her a huge smile. “Oh that’s wonderful! And now that your father is training the warriors again, maybe we can get him to spend more time here as well. I've missed both of you.”
“I'll see what I can do.” Cara says and waves at my father before we walk out back. It’s dusk and the night air is cooling rapidly. “Do you need a jacket? I can get one.” I start to say and then an idea hits me. “Actually, why don’t you come with me, and I'll get you one of my sweatshirts.”
I pull her back inside and take her up the stairs to my room. She’s never been in my room. I’m pretty sure it’s mostly clean. But best of all, when I come back tonight, her scent will still linger. When we walk in, I let go of her hand and walk to my closet. “This is your room?”
I turn to see her looking around. I look at it again, thinking of what it must look like from her perspective. I’ve never really given it much consideration. It’s always been my room. I’ve updated it over the years and added some personal touches, but mostly, it’s covered with awards and trophies from school and Alpha tournaments. I’m not sure what she might find wrong with it, but I’m willing to change anything she wants when we’re mated. I don’t care what our room looks like as long as she’s happy and wants to be here with me.
I look back at her. “Its HUGE!” She says with awe in her voice.
“Oh, well, I guess. I’ve never really considered how large it is. It's always been my room and one day I will share it with my Luna, so, it kind of needs to be big enough for two.”
If I hadn’t been paying attention to her, I would have missed the flinch. Since she doesn’t know that she’s my Luna, I can only imagine what's going through her head.
Before she goes too far down that rabbit hole, I hand her a hoodie. It smells like me so if she wears it, she will carry my scent. I watch as she takes it and tries to subtly sniff my scent. Her eyes close momentarily. A look of utter pleasure on her face. The weeks until her birthday can’t pass quickly enough. At this rate, I’ll be taking multiple cold showers a day just to get through.
She puts on my hoodie and I zip it up for her, pulling the hood up to keep her warm. “Ready?” “Ready.” +15 BONOS
Our walk to her home is mostly quiet. A comfortable quiet. I’m enjoying just being close to her, having her scent lingering in the air. A sense of calm that I’ve never felt before settles in my bones. As we get to the edge of the forest, my feelings for this woman overcome me. I know it’s too soon, but I’m going to tell her anyway.
I stop and pull her to face me. I take her face in both my hands and look into those emerald eyes. “I love you, Cara Nelson. I know that it’s probably too soon to say it and I know that you’re waiting on your birthday before taking this step with someone, but I don’t want you to ever wonder if what I’m feeling for you is genuine. I love you and that will never change.” I confess to her. It's the most that I can do without telling her that I'm her mate.
I can see the shock on her face at first and then something else. I’m not expecting her to lean in and gently kiss my lips before saying, “I think I’m falling in love with you too Rik.”
Ever heard the story of the grinch who’s heart grew three sizes? Yeah, I
understand exactly what that feels like right at this moment. My heart just felt like it expanded nearly to bursting. She’s falling in love with me.
I answer her the only way a man in love can. I pull her to me and kiss her with every ounce of love that I have for her.
Cooper
Author 
###Chapter 125
Last night when Rik dropped me off after professing his love for me, I thought I’d have a really hard time getting to sleep. I had worried when he’d mentioned his room needing to be big enough for his Luna. It had reminded me that it might not be me. And it made my heart hurt to think of another woman in his room, smelling his delicious scent, having him to herself. But when he told me he loved me, it made me think, maybe all these feelings that I’m having, that Artemis is having, are because WE are his mate. The thought had me falling asleep with a contented smile on my face.
I wake on Sunday feeling refreshed. Turns out, sleeping in Rik’s hoodie and having his scent surrounding me, helped me get the best sleep I’ve had in a long time. Artemis is feeling stronger as well and is ready to shift. Rik agreed to come with us and wait while I shifted in case it takes longer than normal or is painful. Dad has me swim laps today. While that doesn’t sound difficult, two hours of back and forth in the pool has my muscles screaming. After a hot shower and breakfast, I’m ready to let Artemis out.
I walk out back headed to the forest, just as I see Rik jogging up. “Hey beautiful.’ He jogs right up to me and kisses me good morning. I don’t hesitate. I wrap my arms around him and lean into the kiss, running my fingers through his hair. My body tingles all over from the contact and I feel him getting hard before he pulls
away.
“Little Guardian, unless you want me pleasuring you until you are screaming my name right here, we’d better stop. “I smile at him and step away. As tempting as it is and even if I was ready for that, Artemis would never wait that long. She was ready to run with Kai.
However, that didn’t mean that I couldn’t tease Rik a little before we shifted. I'd have to be naked in front of him anyway to shift. And it’s not like shifters aren't used to nudity, it's common to see others when they are shifting. But this feels different. I know Rik is attracted to me, and his body is already responding to me just from a kiss. So, yeah, this will be a tease.
Rather than going behind a tree, I lift my sweatshirt over my head. I wasn’t wearing a bra since I knew I'd be shifting. His swift intake of breath is enough for me to know that my plan is working. Before he can see my wicked smile, I turn and bend at the waist, slowly sliding my yoga pants to my ankles. I might take an extra minute to step out of them when I hear a growl rumble in his chest.
l yelp when he comes up behind me, pulling my hips against his now very hard +15 BONOS length. His voice is rough and raspy when he says, “Feeling playful little guardian?”
I turn my head, looking at his sapphire eyes, dark with Kai’s presence. Artemis has already pushed forward, enjoying our game. “Maybe.”
His hands slide up my waist, across my stomach and up to my breasts. He takes one in each hand, tugging on my nipples that have already gone to hard peaks.
I gasp and lean back against him, feeling the zings of pleasure pulsing straight to my core, my arousal pooling between my legs. He nips at my shoulder before releasing me, pulling back and smacking my ass, hard. “Last warning little guardian. Keep it up and I'll have you on this forest floor screaming my name for everyone to hear.”
I step away from him, unsteady on my feet, before nodding. Damn this man and his ability to turn me to a pool of sloppy desire.
I crouch down, preparing for Artemis to shift. As Artemis starts to push forward, I see Rik stripping from the corner of my eye. But I'm too focused on the pain. It’s harder than it should be to shift. I grit my teeth against the pain.
‘Relax, let it come. We know how to do this, I'll be as fast as I can.‘ Artemis says. I try to relax, but I can feel each bone breaking and rearranging. I’m about to cry out when I feel fur sliding against my body. Kai has shifted and he’s here, giving me support while Artemis shifts. Just like when I was in the hospital, wherever he touches me, the pain vanishes. My panting slows and I relax enough to let Artemis finish her shift. 
###Chapter 126
When we're done, we lay on the ground, catching our breath. Kai comes over and licks her face, rubbing against her face and neck, encouraging her.
When she finally stands, she walks over to him, sliding her body down his, rubbing her scent all over him. Such a hussy. I was afraid she was going to present her backside to him, but instead she smacks him in the face with her tail before taking off, yipping in excitement.
Kai immediately gives chase, playfully nipping at her heels. They play together for hours, enjoying the run, the feel of the earth beneath their paws. Kai eventually mind links that we need to rest and walks us to a pond before walking off. Artemis leans down to drink some water and finds a sunny spot to lay down. Kai comes back carrying a rabbit that he caught and drops it in front of Artemis, still giving her gifts. She takes it and begins eating it as he lays down next to her.
I shut it off until she’s done. I love my wolf, but there are some things that I don’t want to participate in, and eating raw animals is one of them. When she’s done, she nuzzles him and he licks the blood off her muzzle. It's the wolf version of a loving kiss as it goes on much longer than is needed to clean her. She lays her head down on his paws and he lays his head across her neck before she falls asleep.
When Kai nuzzles her awake later, we get up and head back home. The pace is slower. Artemis is still tired. When we get home, I shift back and reach down to grab my clothes. Rik is suddenly behind me, wrapping his arms around me. “Kai had a really good time today. He’s been wanting to spend time with Artemis for a while now.”
I turn in his arms, well aware that we are both naked. “Artemis had a really good time as well. She’s also been wanting to run with Kai, and it was probably good that we did this before she’s up to full strength. She'll be giving Kai a run for him money next time.” I smile looking up into his glacial blue eyes.
“I'm pretty confident that Kai can keep up.” He says sliding his hands down my body, over my hips to my ass, holding a cheek in each hand. “Have I mentioned how gorgeous you are?” He says leaning back and looking over my body leisurely. “I mean, I knew you were beautiful, but this,” he gestures to my naked body. “This is something beyond.”
He leans in, rubbing his nose across my nose, to my cheek then to my ear. “One day I hope to worship this body to my heart’s content, touching and tasting every inch of you until I know every mole, every scar, every freckle on your body.” My
body shivers with his words and his breath against my ear. And I know he can smell my arousal. “Would you like that my little guardian?”
+15 BONOS
“Yes.” I can’t help my breathy reply. I do want it. I've never wanted to be with anyone other than my mate and not knowing who that is, I've never thought about being with anyone. But this man, he makes me feel things that I didn’t know a person could feel. He makes my body hum with desire.
“Good.” He steps back and away from me. “But for now, you should get dressed. I'd love it if you’d have dinner with me again at the packhouse.”
Talk about a tease. How is he able to shift gears so fast? “How do you do that?”
He looks at me, tilting his head in question.
“Turn it off like that?” I ask.
He gives me a sheepish grin and gestures from is waist to his hips with his hands. “Do I look like I’ve turned it off?” He asks and I have to admit, I hadn’t actually looked at Rik below the waistline, only felt his hardness pressed against me. The reality seems so much larger than I expected. I gulp seeing him at full attention. I've heard alphas are well endowed but Goddess, this is.....big. A dangerous piece of machinery if I've ever seen one.
He steps up to me again, his hand cupping my cheek. “It’s meant to bring enjoyment, not the fear I see in your eyes right now. One day, I'll show you how much pleasure it can bring you. I promise.” And he kisses my nose. “Now get dressed. I need to get you home so you can change for dinner.” 
###Chapter 127
I have to admit, Cara’s response to seeing my dick fully aroused was not what I expected. I know she’s a virgin, she’s been clear about that, but she’s a wolf. She must have seen the warriors naked before. So, the hint of fear was surprising. But, there was also curiosity and that I can work with. It’s a risk to tell her I’ll make love to her one day, that I'll show her how much I can pleasure her. But, she doesn’t seem to recognize I’m telling her she’s my mate.
I was also pleasantly surprised when she says she wants me touching and tasting her. It will be worth the cold showers and spending time with Mrs. Hand and her five daughters for Cara to get used to intimacy with me before her birthday. It will make our marking and mating night easier and more comfortable for her.
I'll have to slowly work on her letting me near her neck too. I know last night scared her, so we'll take it slow and get her comfortable with me touching her... everywhere. The thought is doing nothing to help my growing problem. I’m so hard it's almost painful and impossible to hide in my loose-fitting clothes.
When she’s dressed, I stand where I am. “Are you coming with me?” She asks me.
“Ahhh,” I run my fingers through my messy hair. I need a shower after romping in the woods all day and she probably wants one too. I gesture down to my pants and the tent I’m popping. “I’m not sure it’s a good idea for Clint to see me with a hard on for his daughter.” I tell her. “Maybe I should wait here for you.” Yeah, maybe there’s a private place I can take care of this while she’s gone.
“Dad's at the pack house. He decided to help with warrior training this afternoon and maybe stay for dinner. Apparently, my father is a sucker for your mother who called him personally this morning to ask him to come.”
Ok, the Goddess is smiling down on me. I walk up and take her hand. “Then let’s go.” When we get inside, we head straight to her bedroom. “If you don’t mind, I'll shower after you.” I say, going to sit on the loveseat.
When she doesn’t respond, I turn to look at her. She has pulled her clothes off and they are laying on the floor beside her naked body. “Why don’t you join me?” And my dick, that I didn’t think could get any harder, just went steel rod hard. I gulp. “Are you sure?” She already looked scared of my dick, I’m not sure I want her to be even more afraid now that it’s probably swelled even larger.
She nods and turns to walk into her bathroom. I watch her heart shaped ass sway of as she walks away. She looks at me over her shoulder. “Only if you want to,
OMRONOS
course.”
If this were any other woman, I'd say she knows exactly what she is doing. And maybe she does. Maybe women have an inherent ability to turn men on with just a look or a couple of words. But this woman, she will be the death of me. But what a fucking amazing death it will be.
I'm up and following her before she gets to the shower. She leans in, turning on the tap, feeling the water to make it the temperature she wants. I quickly strip out of my clothes and step in behind her. She turns to face me, the water flowing over her hair, dripping down her body, between her breasts, to the beautiful apex between her legs. The sweet smell of her arousal is potent in this smaller room with the steam spinning through the air.
When I look back up, her eyes are on my cock. It twitches in response. I see her fingers flex like she wants to touch me. Yes, please goddess, touch me. She looks up at me, asking permission with her eyes. I give her a nod of assent. I don’t trust my voice.
The moment she touches me, it’s like everything I’ve been dreaming about has come true. Her hands are gentle and tentative at first, and I close my eyes, a groan of pleasure slipping uncontrolled from my lips. Nothing has ever felt this good. Her fingers are sending tingles all over my body, making the feeling so much more intense.
When she wraps her hand around me, stroking me, my eyes flash open. If she doesn’t stop, I’m going to blow my load right here. “Cara. You need to stop.” She stops stroking me but doesn’t let go.
“Am I hurting you?” She asks with concern in her voice.
“No, exactly the opposite. It feels incredible. But I only have so much restraint and I’m dangerously close to losing it.”
Adevious smile spreads across her face. “What if I want you to lose control.” She says and she begins stroking me again. FUCK!
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 128
“Cara.” It comes out as more of a squeak than a warning. And goddess help me, she takes her other hand and wraps it around the rest of my length. I press my hand on the shower wall to steady myself.
I give one last warning. “If you don’t stop, I will blow my load all over you.”
My little guardian doesn’t stop. Instead, she begins stroking me even faster. It’s only a couple of strokes before I lose it. “FUCK!” I shout as streams of cum start shooting out of me, all over her body. I grab her by her hair, pulling her to me, kissing her roughly as she continues to stroke me until I’m done.
When I finally release her from my kiss, I see her very pleased smile. “That was fun.” My little minx has the nerve to say.
I growl at her before looking down and seeing that she is painted in my cum from her neck to her waist. There’s something primal in me, or maybe it’s the wolf in me that loves seeing my claim all over her body. It will be days before my scent washes off her. No one will touch her while she smells this strongly of me. Kai rumbles his pleasure in my mind. ‘Ours.’ He says. Yes, they are.
Cara follows my gaze. I’m afraid she'll be disgusted or repulsed at seeing the result of my orgasm all over her body. Instead, my little minx surprises me again. With a look of curiosity on her face, she slides her finger across the cum on her chest, reaching up and licking it off her finger. When she looks at me, her eyes have gone hungry. “Mmmm, you taste like brownies.”
And I’m hard again. Before she can remove her finger from her mouth, I have her pressed against the shower wall. “My turn.” I say before sliding down to my knees in front of her.
I take my hands and rub my cum all over her, scenting her even more. Then I put one of her legs over my shoulder before diving into the sweetest scent I've ever smelled. I lick her from ass to clit, feeling her body jerk as I do. I take my time licking all of her sweet juices before coming back to her clit. She’s right at the edge when I suck her clit into my mouth. She cries out my name as she cums, her wetness pooling on my chin. I didn’t think anything could smell or taste as good as she does. I’m drunk on my mate. Addicted to her taste and her smell. I never want a day to go by when I don’t get a hit from my new favorite drug. Her.
As she starts to come down, I increase the pace of my tongue again, sliding two fingers inside of her. Damn she’s tight. No wonder she looked terrified before. But she was made for me. She and I will fit together like a glove. And she’s so fucking
responsive. I make her cum over and over until she’s a whimpering mess,
her voice having become raw a while ago. I'd be lying if I said that I'm not getting off on hearing her screarn my name in pleasure. Just hearing her, tasting her, I come again.
When I finally release her, she’s leaning against the wall, panting. I kiss my way up her body, reveling in my scent so potent on her. I’m careful when I get to her neck, quickly nuzzling near her marking spot, before moving up her neck to kiss her lips. Her eyes are glazed over. Oh yeah, that’s a look I want to put on her face every day of my life.
I pull away from her. Gently pulling her to me, wrapping her arms around my waist and moving her under the shower head. I wash and condition her hair while she holds on to me. When I’m done, I take her vanilla body wash, the body wash I got her I notice, and I wash her back and shoulders, running my hands down her ass, gently sliding my hand over her body making sure she’s clean, before turning her around. She’s able to stand on her own now, but I take my time cleaning her front, sliding my hands across her body. She jerks slightly as I run my hands across her breasts, her nipples still pebbled from earlier. So responsive. I finish washing her then move her under the water to help her rinse. After leaning down to wash her legs and the remnants of her arousal from between her thighs, I open the shower door and grab a towel. I gently push her out of the shower and wrap the towel around her, kissing her on her head before turning her toward the door. “Go lay down love, I’ll be out ina minute.”
I watch as she stumbles to her bed before laying down. I get back in the shower and wash myself before heading out to get my girl dressed for dinner.
+ 
###Chapter 129
I don’t know if there is anything more powerful than holding a man in your hands and stroking him until he loses control. The feeling of commanding Rik’s pleasure was empowering, even if his size is intimidating. When he reversed roles, oh my goddess, what that man can do with his tongue. I mean...it's beyond anything I could have imagined. And he was relentless. I was a puddle of goo by the time he was done. I’m pretty sure I forgot my own name.
And then, his gentle ministrations, his sweet care, making sure I was bathed and clean before we head over to the pack house. It was yet another reason why I was falling so in love with this man. Everything about him is beyond my expectation.
When he gets out of the shower, I’m still laying on the bed. He comes over and leans over top of me. “You okay love?” He asks, watching me intently.
“Yes, that was....well, I don’t really know how to put that into words, but it was a bit overwhelming and I just needed a minute.” “Is your minute up, or...?” He asks me.
“It's almost up.” He smiles at me then heads to my closet. He only has a towel on, wrapped low on his waist. Seriously, no man should be this beautiful. The muscles in his back are rippling as he begins going through my clothes. I bite my lower lip. Goddess help me, but I really want to give myself to this man.
He turns and looks at me, smiling when he sees me watching him. “See something you like little guardian?”
Oh yes, yes I do. I see many things that I like. I’m not sure if he’s asking about my clothes or if he’s asking about my perusal of his body, so I decide to assume it’s about my clothes.
I hop out of bed and walk into the closet with him to get something to wear. That was a mistake. The smell of brownies is irresistible in my closet. So now, I’m surrounded by his scent, he’s practically naked, water is dripping off the ends of his hair and all I want to do is lick him. ‘Do it. Walk past him, lick him and then get some clothes.‘ Artemis chimes in.
I feel Artemis trying to push forward. I need to get myself under control. I look up into his eyes. “Excuse me Alpha. I need to find something to wear to dinner.”
He smiles at me. “Yes you do little guardian.*
Before I can move around him, his fingers are in my hair, holding me in place and his lips have taken mine in a kiss so passionate that my knees go weak again.
+15 BONOS “Get dressed love.” He says and smacks my ass hard before walking out of the closet.
I get dressed in jeans and a sweater, pulling on my knee-high boots before walking out to join him. He has dressed in the clothes he wore this morning.” Ready?” I ask.
“Ready.” He says and takes my hand.
When we arrive at the packhouse, he pulls me up to his room so he can change into something more presentable for dinner. Then we walk hand in hand into the dining room. The room doesn’t fall silent this time, which I’m thankful for.
“Let's say
hello to our parents and then sit with other pack members. Is that ok with you?” Rik asks me. “Sure.”
We walk to the head table where my father is sitting with Anders and Calista. He actually looks like he’s enjoying himself and I’m so glad.
“Hey dad.” I say and he turns his head toward me. I watch as his eyes narrow and his nose starts sniffing the air. He turns to look at Rik who merely shrugs. “Cara. Did you have a nice day?” 
###Chapter 130
There’s an undertone to his question that I’m guessing relates to him knowing what has happened between Rik and I. So, I focus on the things that I’m willing to tell him.
“My shift was more difficult than usual, but Artemis was able to run for a couple of hours before Kai had us rest. Then she was pretty tired on our way home and since my shift back, she has been pretty quiet.”
He looks at me, focused on my progress rather than my scent. “What did Artemis say about her day?”
“She loved it. She has wanted to run with Kai for a while. And even though she’s not at full strength, she still had a great time running and playing today.”
“We're going to grab some food. We just wanted to come over and say hello.” Rik says
before my father can redirect the conversation back to my scent. He steers me over to another table with a group of families that I've never met.
It's a fun evening meeting new pack members and talking to some of the younger pups. They are all really sweet and I have fun listening to the moms telling stories about them.
Rik walks me home afterward. He leaves me with a lingering kiss. “Get some rest little guardian. Tomorrow, I plan to win our match and then I'll be making sure everyone knows you're mine.”
I laugh. “Because your scent all over me isn’t enough?” He just smiles and turns me around. “Goodnight love, sleep well.”
The next morning, I wake up ready for my match up. ‘How are you feeling Artemis?‘ I ask her. I'm wondering if there is any possibility of me actually beating Rik today.
‘Im good, recovered from yesterday, but still not at full strength. Maybe another day or two.’ She replies. ‘Any concerns with me sparring with Rik today? Do I need to worry that this will impact your healing?’
‘None at all. I’m not sure we’re strong enough to defeat him, not today. He’s a strong alpha. But we should still give it our best shot."
I head downstairs and walk out back. The warriors are all lining up, ready for the show. I walk over to Dean. “So, what are the odds on how long it will take for Rik
1/2 +15 BONOS to pin me?” I ask.
Dean gives me a tentative look. “Well,” he gulps. Oh, this ought to be good. “ Please know that I’m just the manager of the bets, it doesn’t mean that I agree.”
I squint my eyes at him. “And I don’t want Artemis to be offended and take it out on me.” He says quickly. Okay, now I’m really curious. Do they think Rik is that much stronger than I am?
Trevor walks over. “Just so you know, my bet is the one saying you'll last the longest.” I turn to him. “And how long do you think I'll last?” “My bet is one hour.” He says. An hour is respectable, but if his bet is the longest, what is everyone else’s? I turn back to Dean.
“And the other bets?”
He shifts uncomfortably. I feel Rik walking up behind me, his hands resting on my hips as he listens in. Dean looks at me. “Just remember Artemis, this isn’t my bet. I’m not allowed to bet. But....Trevor is the longest at an hour.” Rik nods in acknowledgement at that.
“And the shortest?” I ask.
“Five minutes.”
Rik scoffs behind me. “What idiot thought I'd pin Cara in 5 minutes?”
“Richard.” He says.
Rick the Dick. Of course. Next time I spar with him, I’m going to crush his family jewels for that one.
My father joins us then and calls us over. “Cara? You sure you're ready for this?” I nod. Let’s do this. 
###Chapter 131
Clint calls us together and the warriors circle around Cara and I. I’m more than ready to spar with my girl. While I know this won't be her strongest showing, I have no doubt that she’s going to make me work for this win. And I will win.
We start off, sizing each other up. Throwing punches and kicks, testing reach, speed and flexibility. After a few minutes, we start going hard. We’re about 20 minutes in before I throw my signature move. Going for the uppercut, I see her anticipate and duck, landing a hard blow to my sternum. Damn my girl can throw a punch.
“You're pulling your punches Alpha.” She says, slightly winded.
“Don’t want to injure my girlfriend little guardian.” I reply as I try to sweep her legs. She leaps to avoid the takedown. She gets in a hit but doesn’t take me down.
We go back and forth, and I can see she’s wearing down. She’s knocked me off my feet several times and I’ve taken her down several as well, but neither of us has gotten the pin.
The fatigue is starting to show as her movements have slowed slightly. Now is the time. I have no intention of prolonging this to the point of her exhaustion, so I take an opportunity to swipe her legs and immediately pin her body, my hips pinning hers, my feet pinning her thighs as I use my size to pin her arms over her head.
The warriors begin cheering. Cara is panting heavily as I smile down at her. What I didn’t expect was for Artemis to push forward and for them to bare their neck to me. Complete submission. The warriors go still. There is not a sound as Kai pushes forward and leans down to gently nip her exposed throat, accepting her submission. Then I pull him back and I kiss my way to her mouth before kissing her passionately for all to see.
I pull back, looking into her shining emerald eyes. “You’re mine now little guardian.” “Want to know a secret Alpha?” She asks, a cunning grin on her face. I nod. “I was going to agree either way.” She whispers so only I can hear her. “I just wanted to spar with you.”
Shaking my head, I get off of her and give her my hand to pull her to her feet. We're both still breathing heavily, but she turns to Dean. “Time?”
“Seventy-five minutes Cara.” She smiles. It was a good match. +15 BONOS
“Alright, the rest of you lazy wolves that call yourselves warriors have 45 minutes to run the obstacle course. I suggest you get started.” Clint shouts out.
The warriors take off, leaving the three of us alone. “Nice job, both of you. You’re done for this morning Cara. Both of you report back here after school for afternoon training.”
I head back to the packhouse while Cara goes to get ready for school. The extra time this morning will give me an opportunity to follow up on my plan for Cara. When I get to my room, I put in a call to King Ailduin. He doesn’t answer and I leave a message.
Afterward, I get ready for school and head down to the dining hall just as the other warriors come in from training. They all look wiped out but several come up and congratulate me on my win. Chase smacks me on the back. “Way to get your girl Alpha.” He says. And I watch as his eyes track Lacey walking up to get breakfast.
“Speaking of getting your girl, I'll catch you later.” I watch him go over to Lacey. She still seems resistant, but if I had to guess, I'd say she’s gone from icy to lukewarm. Oh yeah, my boy always gets what he wants. School is just like it was at the end of last week. I’m walking Cara to all her classes, kissing her every chance I get.
After school, I’m really excited to train with Cara having Clint give us individualized training. It’s intense, but Cara is able to hang in and so do I.
The week goes along like this and I'm spending so much time with my girl. Kai is as happy as I am.
On Thursday at lunch, Cara asks if I’m going to come for dinner. I finally got ahold of Ailduin last night. He was resistant at first, telling me his debt was paid and he owed me nothing. But when I told him I wanted to bring not one, but two Guardians with me, he changed his tune very quickly.
+ 
###Chapter 132
“Actually, yes. I have something I want to talk to everyone about tonight, so it will be perfect. What can I bring?” I’ve started pulling Cara into my lap during lunch. I can never seem to get enough of her and I love having her scent on me. She was resistant at first, but now doesn’t seem to mind.
“Ugh!” Jason complains. “I’m really starting to feel like a Sth wheel.” Chase has gotten Lacey to at least talk to him during lunch this week. She’s even started laughing at his jokes, so I understand where Jason is coming from. But Chase and I talked about it last night. I hadn’t planned on discussing it at school, but here we are. I look at Chase and he’s in agreement.
“Actually, Jason, Chase and I wanted to talk to you about something.” Jason immediately sits up straighter. “Did I do something wrong Alpha?” He asks 1. me. “Nope.” Chase jumps in. “You did something right.” I pick up the conversation, enjoying that Cara is playing with my hair sending tingles down my scalp. “You know our Gamma family only had one child, a daughter?” I ask him, and he nods. “Did you know she found her mate and is moving to another pack?” Chase asks him. “What? When did that happen?” He asks.
“Apparently when she went to visit family last weekend and found her mate in their pack. But anyway, that brings us to this conversation.” I look at him, making sure I’ve got his full attention.
“When I take over as Alpha, I want you as my Gamma.”
Cara sucks in her breath, looking from me to Jason. I know they are friends and it will make things easier if she gets along with my ranked wolves. Jason is opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of water.
Cara looks at him. “Jason”
He shakes his head as if trying to get his focus. “Are you serious?” He’s looking between me and Chase. We both nod at him. “Yeah. Yes! Yes, I’d love to be your Gamma!” Thank you. You won't regret it.”
+15 BONOS
I arrive at dinner with a new bouquet of flowers for Cara. Today it’s pink camellias and daisies, meaning longing and loyal love. Who knew flowers could be a love language?
I help her prepare the side dishes while the fathers grill the steaks. When we sit, I take the lead. “I have something to discuss with all of you.” All eyes turn to me.
“Im assuming Cara has shared what she found in the History of the Guardian with you Clint?” He nods and I continue. “After talking with Cara last week and questioning where Andra’s wolf sprirt is, I reached out to King Ailduin.” O
“Why does that name sound familiar?” Clint asks.
“He’s the Fae King. He’s the one that had the book I got for Cara. Do you know him?”
Donovan pushes forward. “I know of him, the name is familiar, but I don’t know why.”
Well,” I continue, “He has agreed to have the four of us come to his home in Araphyra. He would like to meet both of you.” I say
looking at Cara and Clint. “And he might have some answers to your questions about where your mother’s Guardian spirit is.” I say, directing the last to Cara.
“Isn't there a rift between the werewolves and the fae? Is it safe to go into their territory?” Clint asks..
Dad is the one that responds. “The wolves and the fae used to allies a long time ago. I don’t know what caused the fracture of the alliance, but King Ailduin is an honorable elf. He would not invite us to his home if he thought we would be in danger.”
“Dad, this could give us the answers that we need about mom. Don’t you want to know what has happened to her Guardian’s spirit?”
He looks at her for a long moment. “Yes, I do. Cara turns to me. “When do we leave?”
+15 BONNOS 
###Chapter 133
Anders and Rik left earlier than usual last night. They needed to speak to Charles and Chase since both of them would be away from the pack for a few days. We agreed to leave after training as the fae land is about 4 hours away.
We traveled up into the mountains to an area that felt like it was in the middle of nowhere. We pulled up to a metal gate that looked like it belonged on a farm. When we stop, Rik turns to us. “Stay here, I'll be right back.”
I watch as he walks up to the gate. He lifts a hand as if to reach out to touch it. Suddenly, a tall warrior steps out, seemingly from thin air. Anders tenses from the front seat, ready to act if someone threatens his son. As I watch, Rik speaks to the man, gesturing to us. The man looks at us before answering Rik. They both walk back to the car.
When they get to the car, Dad rolls down his window. Rik leans down. “This is Samlael. He is one of King Ailduin’s guards. Before we can enter Araphyra, he needs proof that you are the Guardians I say you are.
Dad looked at Samlael. From the back, I could hear his voice deepen as Donovan pushed forward. “Is this the proof you need elven guard?” He asks.
Samlael lowered his head in acknowledgement. “Guardian. It is good to have you back in Araphyra. He looks at me. “King Ailduin said there were two Guardians.”
Artemis pushes forward. “Your king is correct.” She says to the guard. “Guardian.” He nods his head in acknowledgement to Artemis as well. “You are the new Guardian. May I know your name?” “lam Artemis, daughter of Andra and Donovan.”
The interest I see in his eyes is unnerving. But it passes quickly. “You may pass Guardians.” He nods to Dad and I. “And you as well Alphas.” And he nods to Anders and Rik.
Rik gets back in the car and Samlael opens the gate for us. As soon as we are through, it’s like we entered an entirely different world. I gasp. It’s like something out of, well, out of a fairy tale.
“What? How?” I ask, not really knowing what I’m asking.
“It's called glamor.” Anders says. “If I’m not mistaken, the glamor is for what is outside of this land and what we are seeing is the real elvish world.”
“It's so beautiful.” I say and I can’t help the awe in my voice. Even Artemis is
+15 BONOS
impressed.
“The fae are known to be able to manipulate the elements. Their goal is never to destroy, only to improve. I’d say they are prospering under their king.” This was from my father.
My eyes are glued to the window, trying to take everything in. Everywhere I look there are trees, plants and flowers all in bright colors. It should be overwhelming to the senses, but it has the opposite effect. It feels like....home. Safe and
comfortable.
As we turn a corner, I see what looks like a glass castle. It’s so tall, the spires seem to lift up into the clouds. When we pull up, another guard is waiting for us. We get out and they take our bags from us. We are escorted to what I can only describe as a library. It is the largest room I’ve ever seen. It has floor to ceiling books, and the ceilings must be 15 feet high. The ceiling is clear giving the room a natural light, but there is no heat from the sun and no deterioration, that I can smell, of the books from sunlight. It smells exactly like what you’d expect an old- fashioned library to smell like — leather, paper and something like pipe smoke.
When we walk in, King Ailduin is there to greet us. “Alphas.” He inclines his head to Anders and Rik. “And these must be the Guardians. I do not believe we have officially met. My name is King Ailduin.” He inclines his head to me. “You would be Cara.” 
###Chapter 134
“Yes, I am Cara Nelson. It’s nice to meet you, King Ailduin.” Do I curtsy? Bow? I have no idea. But luckily he doesn’t seem offended by my lack of a gesture.
“May I have the name of your wolf Cara Nelson.”
Artemis pushes forward. “l am Artemis.” The king’s eyes brighten and a smile lights up his face. “Named after the Goddess of the Hunt I assume?” He asks her.
She nods her head in agreement. “It is my pleasure to meet you Artemis, the first Guardian born of two Guardians.*
He turns to my father. Donovan has already pushed forward. “l am Donovan, Clint Nelson’s wolf. Guardian to Anders and father to Artemis.”
“It is an honor to see you again, Donovan, Guardian of Anders and father of Artemis.” “What do you mean, again?” Donovan asks.
“I know you are here for answers. Those will take some time. Please, you must be hungry. Would you join me for lunch and afterwards we will begin the journey of finding answers to all of your questions.” He looks at Rik. “I assume that everyone is staying overnight?”
“Yes. We are prepared to stay two nights if necessary.” Rik responds. King Ailduin looks even happier than before if that’s possible.
“That is excellent. Please follow me.”
He takes us down a hallway to a small dining room. An intricately carved rectangular wooden table sits in the center of the room. It is already set for us. King Ailduin walks to the head of the table.
“Please, Alpha Anders, Guardian Donovan, would you do me the honor of sitting beside me?” He gestures to the seats on either side of his. They both move to their seats. As Rik and I begin to walk to the seats beside our fathers, we hear footfalls running down the hall. King Ailduin looks exasperated as a younger version of him comes running into the room.
Rik immediately turns to him. “Aolis!” He walks over, lifting him up in a hug and swings the young man around. “Alpha Rik. It’s good to see you again.”
Rik puts him down, looking him over. “You as well. You’ve grown into quite a
+15 BONOS
young man since I last saw you.” He tells him. “Please, come meet my girlfriend and our fathers.”
Over lunch, I learn the history of how Rik met King Ailduin and of Aolis’s rescue that brought him here. After hearing the story, I turned to Rik. “So, you used your favor with King Ailduin to give me a book on the history of my parents?”
If I hadn’t already fallen in love with this man, I would have at this moment. He could have asked for anything, but he used his favor to give me something that is invaluable to me.
“I knew it was important to you, and that made it important to me. I wanted you to have it.” His gaze was intense, and I couldn't look away. Artemis pushes forward to show her appreciation as well.
Someone clears their throat and breaks the spell. I look away, but I see Rik smiling out of the corner of my eye.
After lunch, we head back to the library. While we were away, it appears that the fae have set us up with a study center. Computers, printers, notepads, pens, everything we may want or need as we learn about our history.
When we reconvene around our study table, King Ailduin starts.
“First, you should know that the Fae have been the keepers of the Guardians history since the dawn of the Guardians.” Dad interrupts him. “Then why have I not heard of you before today?”
“It is a good question and one that may best be saved for another day.”
It's Anders that jumps in this time. “Does it have to do with the reason that the alliance between the Fae and the Werewolves ended?” He asks.
“It doesn’t have to do with the reason, it is the reason.” King Ailduin says. 
###Chapter 135
I'm glad my father is asking about the broken alliance between the wolves and the fae. My interactions with King Ailduin and Aolis have been positive to this point. There must be a way to mend the alliance, but we need to know what caused the break to begin with.
Dad looks at Clint. “I would really like to know what caused the rift between our kind. If there is anything that I can do as an Alpha or my son, as the future Alpha to mend our alliance, I would like to do that.”
King Ailduin looks between them and nods his head. “I will need to go back in time for you to understand fully, but it happened nearly 100 years ago. I had been king for over 50 years...”
Cara interrupted him. “You were king 100 years ago!! How old are you” As soon as she said it, Cara looked mortified at her outburst. “I’m so sorry, it’s just, I’ve never met someone as old...” She stops mid—sentence, grimacing as she realizes she’s not making it any better.
Thankfully King Ailduin smiles kindly at her. “l am 248 years old.” Cara’s mouth drops to the floor. “Whoa.” She whispers. Yeah, even I was surprised that the fae lived that long. And he sired a child only 8 years ago. Impressive.
He continues with his story. “The first Guardians awakened 200 years ago, Aloysius and Bellona. They were awakened during a time of
great strife among the wolves. Your Moon Goddess was angry at the violence that was killing your Alphas and risking the elimination of your species. At the time, there were only two Alphas that she felt were worthy of her gift.”
My father jumps in. “Alpha Rhys and Alpha Deryn.”
King Ailduin nods in agreement. “Yes, they were the first two Alphas to be gifted with a Guardian. At first, we did not realize that they would reincarnate and continue the line through the wolf spirit. It was not until the deaths of the first Guardians that the Fae were asked to chronicle the lives of the Guardians.”
“It was quickly realized by all the Alphas that having a Guardian made a pack immeasurably powerful. Alpha Rhys and Alpha Deryn were unable to be defeated during their reign as Alpha, even though many other packs attacked them. When the next generation of Guardian was awakened, they were coveted by the Alphas.”
He looks thoughtful as he continues. “I was brought in as a young man to chronicle the lives of these Guardians. I realized early on that just because a Guardian was awakened within a pack, it did not mean that the Alpha was
+15 BONOS
worthy. The Guardian awakened because the wolf who took the Guardian’s spirit was worthy.” He nods his head to Clint, acknowledging him being chosen as a Guardian.”
“When a Guardian awakened within a pack, the Alphas of those packs were unwilling to lose the strength that the guardian provided the pack and refused to let them leave to find their mate. Therefore, it became a common practice for Alphas to force their Guardians to take them or their heirs as their Chosen Mates.”
“That makes sense for the female guardians, but not for the male guardians.” Clint says, and it’s exactly what I was thinking.
“Actually, most Guardians are females. You, Donovan, are only the third male guardian in the seven generations of your Guardian spirit.”
We were all stunned by this knowledge. “What? Why? How?” Clint is stuttering out words, unable to formulate a real question.
“I do not have an answer for you, only speculation. Each of the Guardians has special gifts, things that make them stronger than a regular wolf. I believe you are from the warrior line that started with Aloysius. He was the first male, but when his wolf spirit reincarnated, it was given to a she—wolf. Your line, Donovan, is known for its strength and that is why I think that it periodically reincarnates with male wolves.”
“Your line is also known for having a strong ability to mind link from long distances. I’m guessing you are aware of and possess that gift?”
Clint nodded. “Yes, Donovan has those abilities.”
King Ailduin turns to Cara. “And did Artemis inherit these abilities?”
Cara nods. “Yes, she did. We also have an immunity to wolfsbane and a lower susceptibility to silver.”
King Ailduin smiles. “That would be from Bellona’s Guardian spirit, which was passed on to Andra. I’m guessing you also have enhanced healing ability?” 
###Chapter 136
Chapter 0136 Cara and Clint both looked stunned. “Yes.” They say in unison. “That is also from Bellona’s line.”
He stands and goes to a shelf gathering three large tomes. He brings them to the table and sets them in front of Clint. “These are the chronicles of your wolf's Guardian spirit for the first four generations.”
He sits back down, folding his hands in front of him on the table. He stares at his hands before starting again. “It was during the time I was chronicling the Guardians that I met Jinelle. She and her Alpha came here to provide her story. I knew immediately that she was my mate.” His eyes become sad as he thinks back on the memory. “She recognized me as her mate as well. But her Alpha refused to release her.”
“What?” My father’s anger reflects my own. It’s against everything we believe in for an Alpha to deny a wolf their mate.
“As I said, Alphas didn’t want to lose their Guardians to other packs. Or, in this instance, to another male. Jinelle and I made a plan for her to escape, but he found out about it. He caught me trying to get her out of the castle.” King Ailduin clenched his teeth. “He marked her right in front of me, forcing the mate mark on her.”
Cara gasped, her hand flying to her neck. I was immediately at her side, wrapping my arms around her, pulling her face to my chest. I could feel her trembling slightly. This story was much too close to home for her.
King Ailduin stops, frowning. “It happened a long time ago.” He said, not understanding Cara’s response.
I look up at him. “Maybe for you it was a long time ago, but Cara was kidnapped recently by a male wolf trying to force the mate bond on her.”
“And you were able to resist?” King Ailduin asks her. “I'm not 18 yet, and Artemis is strong. She fought the venom in our system until Rik found us.”
King Ailduin nods. “Jinelle was of age, so the mate bond was forged. The Alpha left immediately, telling every pack he came into contact with that I tried to steal his mate and Guardian to obtain power to overthrow the wolves. After that, the alliance was fractured. If Jinelle had not pleaded with me, it would have been war. But I was not willing to risk losing her.
+15 BONOS It was not until you, Alpha Anders, that any pack has done something with or for my kind.”
“I see no reason why we cannot rebuild our alliance, King Ailduin. I think we have much to learn from each other. And I’m certain that the two guardians that I have in my pack would appreciate having the Fae return to the days of chronicling their lives.” Dad looks at Clint as he says this.
“Absolutely. I’d like to know what I’m missing in my history, and I'd like to know how it applies to Cara.” “Please, call me Ailduin. I would be honored to renew the chronicles of the
Guardians. Aolis could learn and become the scribe for you. It would be good for him. As for how this affects Cara and Artemis, I have many questions. But today has been a long day and I have given you much to think about. I will have a guard show you to your rooms. You are welcome to join me for dinner or I can have food brought up to you.”
We all look at each other. “I think food in our rooms would be good. We should regroup and think through everything you've told us today before coming with more questions tomorrow.”
Ailduin smiles again. “Very well.” He claps his hands, and two guards walk in.” My guards will show you to your rooms. If you need anything at all, please do not hesitate to ask.”
We all thank Ailduin and follow the guards to our rooms. There is so much to think about, so much that I didn’t know or understand before today. When we ge to our rooms, Dad stops before we can enter. “Let’s take an hour and then mee in my room. I'd like to talk through everything that we've learned today. We ca do that while we eat.”
We all agree. I check Cara’s room before walking to my own. What a day. 
###Chapter 137
The information we obtained today was overwhelming. When we talked about getting answers to our questions, I didn’t consider that it would only bring up more questions. And at this point, we’d barely scratched the surface of the questions that I have. I still want to find out if Ailduin knows anything about my mother’s wolf spirit and what he might know about how Artemis is also a Guardian.
I hear the knock on my door a moment before I smell his scent. When I open the door, Rik is looking at me, concern in his eyes. “Are you okay?”
I open my door to invite him in. When he steps in, I close the door and go right into his arms. They wrap around me, making me feel safe. “I feel terrible for him, King Ailduin. How awful it would be to find your mate and for someone else to purposefully take them away from you. And I can only imagine what it was like for her. To be bound to a man that forced their bond against her will. No matter how much the bond was forged, that would always be in the back of her mind. It was in mine when Eli was trying to force the bond on me.”
He rubs circles on my back, an angry growl rumbling in his chest. I lean my head back and gently kiss his lips. “Come on, let’s go meet up with our dads.”
We walk to Anders room, just as dad rolls out of his room.
Over dinner, we talk about our impressions of what we have been told. We are all in agreement that we want to know if Ailduin knows anything about my mother’s Guardian line and where the new Guardian might be. We also want to try to get more information about me and Artemis. What does it mean that I’m the first Guardian to be born?
The next morning, we meet for breakfast and then head back to the library. We are all anxious to get information about my mother.
“Before we get started,” I say, “I’d like to know what happened to Jinelle.”
Ailduin looks away, his eyes taking on a sorrow that is painful to see. “Her Alpha did not care for her as a mate should. He did not value her and protect her as a mate should. He used her as a shield in battle and he was a power-hungry Alpha. She died ata young age.” I tear rolls down his cheek. “My only satisfaction came when I found out that her death killed him as well.”
“I'm so sorry.” I say quietly. I know it was a long time ago, and I know I wasn’t even born when all of this took place but +15 BONOS He smiles kindly at me. “I know you are. Kindness is something all Guardians have in common.”
Rik scoffs beside me. “You’ve obviously never been in one of Clint’s training sessions. “Kindness” He uses air quotes, “isn’t the word I would use.”
King Ailduin looks at all of us. “This is the first time, since the beginning of the Guardians, that I’ve seen this type of camaraderie among the Alphas and Guardians. Perhaps there is something about you, Alpha Anders, and you, Alpha Rik, that made your Moon Goddess gift your pack with three Guardians at once.
“Before now, Guardians have never awakened in the same pack. You, Donovan and your mate, Andra, were the first.” He looks at me thoughifully. “I have some ideas about the possible reason for that. But before we talk about Artemis, I’d like to discuss your questions about Andra’s Guardian line. My understanding is this is what brought you here in the first place.”
I jump in, wanting the answer to the question that has been eating at me. Even though Rik said he didn’t think it was the reason, I need to know from someone that has been around Guardians for so many years. “Do you think me being born caused my mother’s Guardian line to end? Do you think my birth caused her death?”
My father’s head whips around to look at me. “Cara? Is that what you think?”
The tears in my eyes and the thickness in my throat don’t let me respond, so I simply nod my head. Rik takes my hand, rubbing circles on the back with his thumb, giving me his support.
King Ailduin walks to a different wall of books and pulls four tomes out before bringing them to me. “These are the chronicles of Andra’s Guardian line. There are six generations chronicled here.” 
###Chapter 138
Chapter 0138 “Six? But you said mine only had four.” Dad says.
“That is correct. I also said that your line has strength. A strength that makes you stronger than an Alpha. Bellona’s line gave the Guardian the strength of an Alpha. Therefore, that line has died and reincarnated more frequently than Aloysius’s line.”
“How many times?” My father asks. “To my knowledge, there are eleven generations to Bellona’s line, while there are only seven in yours.”
He turns back to me. “Now, to your question. No, I do not think your birth has eliminated her Guardian line. I think something has happened to the wolf carrying her line. Either that or she is very good at hiding. If I had to guess, I’d say she ran from her pack and has been hiding since she found out she’s a
Guardian. She could even be living among the humans.”
“However, I have been trying to find her for years. I have sent out my best trackers. There was a time when I thought I had found her, but they lost the scent and have never been able to find it again.” 2
He looks at all of us sheepishly. “I confess, the Bellona line is the one that my mate was connected to. I have wanted to be close to the Guardian that once
inhabited my mate, so believe me when I say that I have tried very hard to find her, with no success.”
“But you believe her Guardian line is still alive because you think you found her scent at one point and no other Guardian has surfaced?” Anders asks.
“Yes.” He pauses. “I do think that when she is found, she will recognize both of you, not just as Guardians but as a previous mate and quite possibly, as her daughter. Not past tense, but current tense. The Guardian spirit continues, and there has never before been a Guardian born from another Guardian. So, I believe that she may very well continue to think of you has her daughter.” Ailduin says looking at me.
“Even if she’s younger than I am?” I ask, because that would be weird.
“The human side may be younger, the Guardian side is much, much older. The wolf will most likely recognize Artemis as her daughter, not you, Cara, as her daughter.”
“Why do you think that I am the first Guardian born? Why now?” +15 BONOS
Ailduin looks at me for a long moment before responding. “I have a couple of ideas for possible reasons why you have been born after so many years. First, this was one of the few times that there was a male Guardian alive to even have the possibility of mating with another Guardian. Second, your Alphas have proven themselves to be very different than the Alphas in the past and allowed your parents to find their true mates. I believe that the forced mate bond may have created an inability for a Guardian to reproduce a Guardian. Having a true mate bond may have opened the possibility of reproducing a Guardian.”
“The last possibility,” he continues, “is one that I hope is incorrect.” He takes a moment and looks at all of us. “It is possible that your Moon Goddess feels there is a need for more than two Guardians and has allowed the creation of a third. If that is the case, then I believe there is a war in your future.”
Rik and Anders look at each other. I can see on their faces that neither knows anything about a war or even a battle that is coming.
“I will ask around to see if any of our allies have heard anything.” Anders replies. “However, it is also possible that all three of your theories are correct.”
Food was brought in throughout the day as we talked and read through the chronicles of the past. I didn’t learn anything new about Andra’s wolf spirit, only learned about the packs she had lived in and the fighting that had occurred over time. It was interesting to learn that the Guardians had been in several battles at the same time but never seemed to connect.
When my eyes got tired, I told everyone that I was going to bed. Rik got up to walk me to my room. He kissed me goodnight before he left. My dreams were filled with scenarios of my mother’s wolf, lost and alone, looking for me and Artemis 
###Chapter 139
After I dropped Cara off at her room, I went to speak to my father. He is as concerned as I am about the potential for a coming war that Ailduin referenced. We will have to meet with our allies and determine if there is anything we have overlooked. While it is possible that this is the first time that two Guardians have actually been fated mates, as werewolves, we are a violent species, constantly fighting for power, land, strength. It makes sense that the Moon Goddess knew that a war was coming and was preparing us for it.
The next morning at breakfast, we begin making preparations to head home when Clint surprises us all. “Ailduin has invited me to stay and I’m going to take him up on his offer.”
“What do you mean? For how long?” Cara asked.
“He would like to chronicle the lives of your mother and I, or more specifically, Andra and Donovan. I have decided to stay and help to put that information into history. Your mother deserved that. She deserved to be recognized for what she did.”
“As do you.” My father chimes in. I had noticed that while Clint was speaking Ailduin was watching my father. Did he still think my father would deny Clint staying here? I guess given his history, he would. But I know my father. He loves Clint like a brother and Cara like a daughter. He will treat them as family, not as a commodity to hold on to for his own gain. My father is an honorable man.
My father turns to Ailduin. “If Clint becomes too humble, let me know, I'll tell you the real story of what he did.” Ailduin nods.
Clint rolls his wheelchair over to Cara. “You’re nearly an adult and I know you can take care of yourself, but Anders will be checking in on you.” He looks over at me. “And I know Rik will be looking after you as well.” I nod at him. Of course I will. I won’t let anything happen to my mate.
“How long will you be gone?” She asks him. I can hear her voice trembling a little.
“As long as it takes, but I will definitely be home for your birthday. I expect you to continue to train, go to school and make good grades.”
“Of course dad.” She hugs him and we grab our bags, ready to leave. We thank Ailduin, my father reiterating that we would like to rebuild our alliance. I think this weekend has gone a long way towards getting there.
Since Clint drove to the fae land, we will have to run home. It’s not a big deal
except that we have our bags. Ailduin has a guard drive us to the old, rickety looking gate that we entered through. Once we pass through the gate, the glamor returns and it looks like a forest filled with trees surrounded by a fence.
We shift and begin our journey. I’m pleasantly surprised that Artemis is able to easily keep up with us during the long trek home. She seems to be back at full strength. We howl our arrival just before crossing the borders and head straight to the pack house. My father disappears and I don’t expect to see him or my mother again for the rest of the night. We've arrived in time for lunch and as we are getting dressed, I hear Cara’s stomach growl.
“Let's eat, then we can head over to your house. Or would you rather stay here while your father is gone?” I ask her.
She looks around the pack house. “I think I'd rather stay at my house, if you don’t mind.”
“I don’t mind, but I’m going to tell you. I don’t like you being there alone, so I'll be staying with you.” Her beautiful smile draws me in and I wrap my arms around her waist.
“Is that code for you plan on working your way into my bed Alpha?”
I kiss her nose. “Nope. I know you're waiting for your mate and I will respect that. Now, if you choose to spend the night with me on the couch...” I smile at her before pulling her into the dining hall. 
###Chapter 140
We have lunch with some wolves that are in the packhouse for the afternoon before heading to her house. I grabbed my school work before leaving and a change of clothes in preparation for staying the night.
Over the course of the next month, we fall into a pattern. We mostly stayed at her house, and while we never crossed her line, we took advantage of our time to explore each other’s bodies, learning what we like, what makes the other come. undone. It was a much more intimate time than I could have ever imagined. There was something about sex not being an option that almost made it more intimate. We touched and tasted every part of each other. We became intimately familiar with the other’s body. And let me tell you, my girl loves her brownies, and I don’t mean the kind my mother makes. Holy hell, the things that girl can do with her mouth.
It became common for us to be seen together everywhere. We went to training twice a day as usual. Now that Artemis was back at full strength, our sparring was even. She could pin me as often as I could pin her. We were always looking for new ways to take each other down. It was fun and exciting.
We did our homework together every day and I began to have Cara sit in on my meetings with my father, learning about the pack issues. She even started to take on some of the role of the Luna, although she didn’t realize that’s what she was doing. She is just a natural at it. She is so perfect.
And I made sure to take her on at least one date a week. Somewhere different every time. It wasn’t so much that we didn’t have alone time, it was more to show her how special she is to me and expose her to new things.
One night, after having dinner at the pack house, we raced home in our wolf form. Artemis and Kai had also become very close and spent a lot of time together, either traveling back and forth from the Nelson home to the packhouse or on the weekends, we would shift and let them run together.
When we arrived at the forest line surrounding her house, we shifted as we usually did. We began walking to her house when I caught the scent. She recognized it at the same time I did. I growled, but cut it off quickly. I had agreed to this, and I had to let it play out. We are only a couple of weeks away from Cara’s birthday and the decision is hers, but I can only hope that she chooses me. And honestly, it has been so long since we've seen him, that I had almost forgotten that he was even pursuing Cara.
“Liam.” She says as she starts walking toward him. Kai pushes forward and +15 BONOS
snarls, grabbing her and pushing her behind me as I toss her a t-shirt. I may have agreed to let them spend time together, but I didn’t agree to it being with Cara naked.
He stands from where he had been sitting on the back porch, presumably waiting for us. He must smell my scent all around the house. I’ve been here every day for
a month.
Before she can walk away, I take her hand. “I’m going to go.” She starts shaking her head immediately.
“No, you can stay.”
I take my hand and cup her cheek. “No, I can’t. I know you want to catch up with him, but it isn’t smart to have two strong alphas in close proximity who want the same woman. You're too close to your birthday. That’s a fight waiting to
happen.” She looks from me to Liam and back. I can see her indecision, so I make it easy for her. I kiss her nose and step back, nodding at Liam. “Call me later.” I say before heading back toward the packhouse.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 141
I watch as Rik turns and heads back to the packhouse. I feel like part of my heart. is leaving with him. I watch until I can’t see him any longer before turning back to my house and Liam.
“Liam.” I say again. His smile is a welcome hello and I walk into his arms and give him a hug. “So, you and Rik, huh? What happened to waiting for me?”
I smack his chest. “Yes, Rik and I are dating. And not that it's any of your business, but he’s been a complete gentleman about my limits.”
“Your limits? Is that why his smell is all over you and your house?”
“Did you come here to interrogate me, Liam?” I ask, my temper flaring. He has been gone and has no right to ask me these questions.
“No. I just wasn’t expecting to come here and smell him all over you. I don’t even smell your father, only the two of you, and it kind of set me off. I apologize. Can we start over?”
I smile at him. “Of course. Come in. Are you hungry? I’ve already eaten but I can make you something.”
“I'm good.” He says.
“I'll be right back.” I run upstairs and put on some clothes. When I return, I pull a beer out of the fridge. “Beer?” “Sure.” He says and I pop the top on two beers, and we head to the living room.
“What have you been up to? I heard you were looking for Eli Gunnar?”
He takes a sip of his beer, resting his hand on my knee. “He continues to elude me. I’ve been so close so many times. But he can only run so far so fast, and I have my best trackers out hunting him.” He says before taking a sip of beer. Then he looks at me. “So, where is your father?”
I give him an update on my time in the Fae land, what I learned about my parents and their wolves, and finally end with my father staying on to give them the story of Donovan and Andra.
“Wow! That’s a lot. What do you think about your mother’s wolf spirit? Where do you think she could be?” I shrug. “Ailduin thinks she may be hiding in the human world, but I don’t know. +15 BONOS
If Ailduin’s theory is correct, it means that Andra’s spirit knows about Artemis being her daughter. I can’t see her staying away for any reason. Not for thirteen years.”
He looks thoughtful as he ponders what I’ve said. “That makes sense. So, what? You think some Alpha has her prisoner somewhere? That would be hard to hide. for this long.”
“I'm not sure, but wherever she is, I think she’s being held against her will. I don’t think she could know about Artemis and stay away. I know Donovan’s spirit wouldn't.”
We finish our beers and I get us another round. We continue catching each other up on our life events since our la
meeting. “I have to go back out. I have to keep searching for him until I find him.” He says. Then looks at me. “But I will be here for your birthday. It’s a big day and I wouldn't miss it.”
He smiles at me then leans in and very gently kisses me on the lips. The feelings that it used to bring to the surface when he kissed me don’t come. It could be a brother giving me a peck on the lips or my father. There is nothing romantically responsive in me for Liam. He feels like family, whereas Rik feels like everything.
Liam recognizes the change in me. He can see that I’m not responsive to his advances like I have been in the past. He stands, giving me his hand to help met up. We drop the empty beer bottles on the island as we walk to the door.
As he opens the door, he turns. “Don’t give up on me yet Cara. Please. Wait until your birthday. My feelings for you haven't changed. I would be a good mate to you. Even if we aren't fated mates, I would take care of you and make you happy.”
I lean in and give him a hug. “I know you would Liam, and I’m not making any decisions until my birthday. I promise.”
With that, he turns and heads out the door. I stand on the front porch and wave as he drives away. The problem is, while my head agrees to waiting, neither my heart nor Artemis agree. They both want Rik.
After Liam leaves, I take a shower. I know Rik will come over. He’s here every night and has been since we returned. I don’t want him to be uncomfortable because I have Liam's scent on me.
When I call him to let him know Liam is gone, he arrives as fast as Kai can get him there. When he walks in, he immediately pulls me in for a hug, sniffing my
hair.
“You showered.”
+15 BONOS
I smile up at him. “I did. I didn’t want you upset if his scent lingered on me.” He nods and I can see the concern in his eyes. He’s worried that I still have feelings for Liam. It couldn’t be any farther from the truth.
“Nothing happened between us. I want you to know that. That’s not why I showered. And you should also know, my feelings for Liam have changed. He feels like an older brother. Someone that will always be there for me if I need him.”
I begin walking backward, toward the stairs, pulling him with me. “My feelings for you, however, are anything but familial. What I feel for you is....” I take his hand and I put it against my heart. “It’s here.” I take his other hand and I put it against my stomach. “And it’s here.”
I take a step up as he watches me intently. “My feelings for you are so deep and so strong that I don’t know how to even put them into words. But I know how I can show you.”
I crook my finger at him, asking him to lean in. When he gets close, I run my nose up his neck, to his ear, feeling him shiver as I smell my favorite scent in the world. “I’m very hungry Alpha, and I want brownies. Let me show you how much I want you.”
As he growled in pleasure, I turned and ran up the stairs. He catches me just as I get to the door and I proceed to show him exactly how much I love the taste of brownies.
Cooper Author
+16 BONOS 
###Chapter 142
Clint returned home one week before Cara’s birthday. It was an uncomfortable moment since she and I walked into the house completely naked after shifting from our run. I was carrying her, and she had her legs wrapped around my waist. We were kissing, planning to move to her bedroom. That’s the only reason I didn’t realize until it was too late that he was home.
“Alpha Rik, perhaps you could let go of my daughter long enough for her to say hello to her father.” I’m not sure cold water works as quickly as hearing your mate’s father’s voice while you are on the verge of pleasuring his daughter.
Cara immediately let go of me and I tuck her behind me to give her some privacy. “Hi dad. When did you get home?” She asks, looking around me at her father.
“A couple of hours ago.” He says as she and I move together until she’s close to the stairs, so she can run up to put on come clothes. “Be right back.” She calls over her shoulder.
Clint looks at me. “I thought you were going to respect my daughter’s wishes.” He says to me.
“I have.” I don’t feel the need to explain myself to Cara’s father. What Cara and I have is private, and I don’t care if he is her father, it’s none of his business.
“By the smell, I’d say you've been living here.” Cara comes back down the stairs and walks up beside me, handing me a pair of shorts from her room. Yeah, I have clothes here and she has clothes in my room at the packhouse. “Yes dad, he has. Is that a problem?” Cara answers for me.
“Cara, I’m not sure I’m comfortable having a man sleeping with you in your room that may or may not be your mate.”
She nods her head briefly, then turns to me. “Give me a minute to grab my things and we'll head back to the packhouse.” She says.
Oh shit. I’m not sure if I should cringe or cheer for my girl. “Excuse me?” Clint says, raising an eyebrow at Cara.
“I respect your choice father. But you will also respect mine. I’m old enough to make decisions about who I will and will not sleep with. Rik and I have gotter much closer while you were away. I love him. I want to be with him. If that’s not here, then that's fine. But we will be together.”
I turn to her. “You love me?” +15 BONOS She smiles at me. “You're surprised?”
This amazing, beautiful woman, my mate, has fallen in love with me before she knows she’s my mate. I take her face in my hands. “I am so in love with you Cara
Nelson.”
We are staring into each other’s eyes, about to kiss, when Clint clears his throat and reminds us that we are not alone.
Without breaking eye contact with Cara, I address Clint. “What's it going to be Clint. Are we staying here or going to the packhouse?”
He grunts but agrees to let me stay.
After Cara and I shower, Clint tells us about his time with Ailduin and Aolis. They wrote the story of Clint and Lily as well as Donovan and Andra. I can tell that reliving his time with his mate when she was alive has brought both happiness. and sadness to Clint. I also know that once Cara and I are mated, we will move into the packhouse permanently and Clint will be alone. I hope he is able to find his way without Cara. Maybe Dad can convince him to move into the packhouse again, or maybe take on training twice a day instead of just once so he can continue to train his daughter.
In the week before her birthday, I find time to sneak away from Cara to order her birthday present. I've been thinking about it for a while but haven't had time to go have it made. Between us spending all our free time together, training, school, preparation for graduation, preparation for Cara’s birthday and now beginning preparation for my Alpha ceremony, life has been crazy. 
###Chapter 143
Cara doesn’t realize it, but my Alpha ceremony will also include her Luna ceremony. I feel confident after her evening with Liam that she will choose me. She is mine and I am hers. It will be official on her birthday.
The night before her birthday, I tell her I'm sleeping in the packhouse and she should stay in her father’s house. She seems. confused, but I want her to see me for the first time as her mate at her party. I use the excuse tha
I have to help my mother get ready for her party, which isn’t a lie. I want everything to be perfect, special for my mate on her birthday.
On the morning of her birthday, I send her a text wishing her a happy birthday. I don’t want to speak to her in case she recognizes us as her mate from our voice. I let her know her first birthday present is waiting for her at her door.
Mate: You got me another dress?
Me: This one is for a very special day. Do you like it?
Mate: I love it. It's beautiful.
Me: I can’t wait to see you tonight.
Mate: Me too. I still say you could have stayed the night. Then we’d know now if we're mates. Me: Are you worried that we aren't?
Mate: No, but I'd like to know for sure.
Me: It’s only a few hours away, love. Enjoy your morning with your father. Mate: Ok, see you soon
Me: I love you Cara.
Mate: I love you too Rik.
The dress I got her is a sand color. It will go well with her hair, but it will also go well with the other gift that I am bringing with me tonight to give to her. I’m wearing a suit with a button-down shirt that matches her dress. Again, we will look like a couple and after tonight, there will be no question.
I help my mother prepare for the party. Cara agreed to have it at the packhouse. She has met so many of the pack members over the last month, that we decided to invite everyone. And since the entire pack knows that she’s my mate, almost everyone is coming. It will be a huge event. We've set up the inside for dancing
+15 BONOS
with food and tables around the dance floor for eating and drinking. Outside, at the back of the packhouse, we have set up twinkling lights, similar to what they have at Ethereal. She really loved the look and I think we've been able to recreate. it here for her special day.
There are flowers everywhere. Every bouquet has flowers that mean love in them. We've also set a bouquet of Lily of the Valley on either side of the entrance to the main hall. My mother and I discussed it and we felt this is the best way to include Lily Nelson on this special day.
The guests begin to arrive about an hour before Cara. The packhouse fills up quickly and the atmosphere is filled with excitement. Liam arrives. We shake hands and go our separate ways. One of us will have to go off and lick our wounds. tonight, and it won't be me.
ss.to My father clinks his glass to get everyone’s attention. It’s time. Cara and Clint have arrived. I can feel my heart rate increasing.
My palms are sweating. This is it. The moment that I’ve been waiting months for, the moment when I expect to start my life with the love of my life, my mate.
I hear her walking in the hall and the smell of her vanilla and honey is almost overwhelming. Her scent is so much stronger now. There’s no way she doesn’t feel it. Kai pushes forward, ready to acknowledge his mate.
The moment she walks into the room, I know I’m right. Artemis is front and center. Her eyes go directly to mine. “Mate.” She whispers and her brilliant smile. is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
“Mate.” Kai and I confirm together before walking to our mate and taking her in the most passionate kiss we've ever shared. Cooper Author
It's official, she recognized Rik as her mate 
###Chapter 144
I was sad to wake up alone on my birthday. I am expecting to be mates with Rik and I thought it would be a wonderful way to wake up, but he has other plans for today.
The dress he got me is beautiful. It has a flutter sleeve, with a floor length crepe satin ruffle that looks like it is wrapped in the front with a tie around the waist. Simple, elegant, beautiful.
My dad and I have breakfast together and then he gives me my gift. I unwrap the box and inside is a book, similar to, although much thinner than, the History of the Guardian. This one is titled ‘For the Love of a Guardian’. I look up at my dad. ” What is this?”
He looks at me, and I see he has tears in his eyes. “Ailduin, Aolis and I put together the story of your mother and I. It starts when we were about your age. thought you would want to have something that tells you the story of our love.”
I feel the tears in my own eyes now. I run my hand up and down the leather binding. “This is the story of you and mom?” He nods. and I jump up and hug him tightly. “I will treasure it, always. Thank you, dad.”
Later, I take time for a long soak in the tub to relax. I have time to think about what may happen tonight. I’m pretty sure that Rik is my mate. I've developed. such strong feelings for him.
‘We'll know as soon as we see him tonight. ‘Are you nervous Artemis?* ‘No, our mate was made for us by the Moon Goddess. Whoever it is will be perfect. for us.‘
I get ready and meet dad downstairs. He is driving us to the pack house. I’m so nervous. Tonight is the night. I don’t know how many pack members will be there, but if our mate is in our pack, I’m confident that we'll find him.
As soon as I step out of the car, I smell him. Rik’s delicious scent of brownies is so strong, I can smell him from outside.
‘MATE, MATE, MATE! Artemis is jumping up and down, yelling in my head.
I walk through the doors to the main hall and my eyes meet his. I can see Kai is already present, as is Artemis. “Mate.” I whisper. “Mate.” He confirms before taking me in a kiss so fiery, I feel as if I will
+15 BONOS
spontaneously combust. I’m overwhelmed by the tingles that are shooting all over my body, Rik’s smell is so much stronger, the taste of his mouth and tongue, which I had thought was so familiar, is so potent that I can’t think of anything except him. My Alpha, my mate, my everything.
‘Mine. Artemis and I must say it through the mind link because we immediately hear Rik and Kai repeat it back to us. “Mine.”
I pull away from him, looking into his beautiful sapphire eyes. I’m lost in the moment until I remember where we are and who is here. Remember the man who is not my mate.
My eyes dart over Rik’s shoulder looking for him. I know my face has fallen. Rik sees and quickly covers for us. “I need a moment alone with my mate.” He announces to the room, receiving cat calls and wolf whistles. “Enjoy the party, we will be back shortly.*.
As the clapping and cheering continues, he leans down to me ear. “He just walked out, we can catch him before he leaves. Come on.” He walks me out the front door of the packhouse, guiding me to where the cars are parked.
I see him about to get into his car.
“Liam!” I'm sure he can hear the tears in my voice. 
###Chapter 145
I don’t know what to say to him. He has been so patient with me. So willing to wait and to take me as a chosen mate. But there can be no one for me but Rik.
He turns to me. I move out of Rik’s arms, closing the distance between us. “I’m sor...”
He cuts me off. “Don’t. You were always honest with me. I knew you wanted to find your mate and see if it would work. It was a risk I was willing to take.”
He looks at Rik over my shoulder before looking back at me. “You always wanted to find your fated mate. Rik is a good man. He'll be a good Alpha and a good mate to you. And if he isn’t,” he looks back at Rik, “You know where to find me.”
He wipes the tears that I couldn’t contain off my cheeks. Then he pulls a box out of his pocket and hands it to me. “Happy birthday.”
I unwrap the present and open the box, my hands trembling. It’s a stunning silver locket overlaid with silver intertwined vines and in the center is an
emerald. “It’s beautiful.” z “Open it.” He says.
When I do, I see on the left side he has somehow found a picture of my parents. It must have been taken before I was born. They look like they are my age. They are looking at each other with so much love in their eyes. On the right side is a picture of my mom holding me as a baby in her arms, my father’s arms wrapped around both of us.
I have no idea how he could have found these pictures. I’m beside myself and the tears start to fall again. “Liam...”
He kisses my forehead. “I have to go away for a while. Take care of yourself.”
He steps back as Rik steps up wrapping his arms around her waist, looking at the locket over my shoulder.
“Thank you.” He says to Liam. “I know this means a lot to her. To both of us.”
He nods before getting into his car and driving away. Rik and I stand and watch until his taillights are no longer visible.
“Are you okay?” Rik asks turning me in his arms.
“Yes.” I say softly. “As hard as that was, there was no other choice.” I look into his beautiful glacial blue eyes. “There is only you.” +15 BONOS
He smiles tenderly at me before reaching into his pocket. “Would you like to open your gift from me?” He says, handing me a box.
I tuck the locket back in its box. Rik takes it and puts it into his pocket to hold for me. I take the gift-wrapped box and open it. It’s a large heart-shaped sapphire pendant with a diamond at the top on a silver chain.
I look up at him. “Kai and I wanted you and Artemis to know that you have our heart. I know my eyes turn that color when Kai is present, so it represents both of us and the heart is, well, obvious.”
Artemis pushes forward again. “We love you.” We say, my voice overlaid with hers.
SHE “And we love you, more than anything in the world.‘ Rik’s voice is deeper with Kai’s overlapping.
“Will you put it on me?” I ask, handing it to him and turning around. He reaches in front of me and I lift my hair. As he finishes fastening the lock, he leans down and kisses my neck, gently pulling me to him. He continues kissing me until he gets to my mate mark, eliciting a moan from me.
“I cannot wait to make you mine, officially and forever. But first, we have a party. to attend and my mate to celebrate.”
+ 
###Chapter 146
The party was amazing. Cara had a great time. I felt the need to continually touch her throughout the night. She seemed to want the touch just as much as I did. After the first unmated male tried to give her a birthday hug and Kai snarled viciously, no one attempted to touch her.
After eating, drinking and dancing the night away, we say our goodbyes and head. up to my room. I’ve set it up with flowers and when we get there, I light some candles to give the room a soft glow.
When I'm done, I look at my beautiful mate. She is oat!
with so much. love in her eyes. I open my arms and she comes to me, wrapping her arms around waist. She looks up at me. “Are you ready to claim me Alpha?” My mate asks me.
“I've been ready for months little guardian. Tonight, I will make you mine in every way possible.” I kiss my way down her jaw to her neck, until I get to where my mate mark will soon be on display for everyone to see. As I lick and suck on the spot, she leans into me, moaning softly. The scent of her arousal is already perfuming the air. It's a heady smell mixing with her scent.
I reach down and pull her dress up and over her head. Stepping back, I watch the devious smile spread across her face.
“What the fuck are you wearing?” I ask her. I’ve seen her in various states of undress and naked of course over the past month, but this...this is meant to drive me wild and it’s working. It’s a nude lace bra and panty set that gives the impression that she’s not wearing anything at all.
A possessive growl leaves my lips as my little minx turns slowly, showing me that her panties are thongs. I can’t help but reach out and rub my hands down her cheeks, squeezing her ass in my hands. She pushes back into me, and I slide my hands up to her bra, unclasping it and letting it drop to the floor.
She turns and my arms go to her thighs, lifting her up and wrapping her legs around my waist. I kiss her as I walk us to the bed and gently lay her down before crawling over her, deepening the kiss, nipping at her lip requesting entrance. Ast soon as her lips part, my tongue slides in tasting her absolute sweetness. I lay between her legs, running my hands over her breasts as I move my mouth to her neck, nipping at her marking spot. She no longer fears me marking her and I can’t control my canines from sliding out of my gums. I’m not yet ready to mark her, I want to take my time tonight, make her first time incredible. The marking will come later.
I move down to her breast, nipping and sucking until she’s making the sounds. that I love to hear. Her moans of pleasure filling the room. Her hand in my hair, tugging me closer as she arches into my mouth.
I continue my journey down her body, licking and kissing my way down her stomach until I reach my honey pot. The sweet scent of her arousal mixed with vanilla and honey is so strong that I have to taste her. I run my nose over top of her panties, feeling how wet she already is for me. When she moves to close her legs, I nip at her inner thigh, loving the gasp and her immediate reaction, opening herself to me. Always so responsive.
I rip her panties off with my teeth, needing to have her taste. Pulling her leg over my shoulder, I lick her juices, sliding my tongue inside her to taste all of her. Her moans are getting louder, music to my ears. As I move up to her clit, I look up to see her watching me. I smirk before growling softly on her clit. I watch as her eyes roll back and she pushes her hips into my face. 
###Chapter 147
I'm a man who takes what is offered. So, I slide my hands under her, taking an ass cheek in each hand before diving in. Her taste is so delicious. Better than. before and I didn’t think that was possible. Her taste, her smell, the sounds she is making are everything that I want for the rest of my life. And now, I will have it.
I feel her pushing to find her release, so I slide two fingers inside her. I've been working to slowly stretch her over the past month, gently so tonight hopefully won't be too painful. As I begin to work my fingers inside her, my tongue continuing its assault on her clit, she begins to chant my name softly. I’ve
learned that this is her tell. She’s very close to finding her release. I add another finger, curling them as I slide them out, and I suck down hard on her clit, sending her over the top. She screams my name as she cums, her body clamping down on my fingers.
I continue to gently bring her down, my fingers slowing as her body jerks with aftershocks. When she’s done, I slide up her body, pulling a leg up to my hip. I kiss her, letting her taste herself on my tongue. When I pull back, I put my forehead on hers. “Are you ready for me to make you mine forever my love?” I
ask her. “Yes Rik. Make me yours and I will make you mine.”
I line my cock up against her entrance. I kiss her again and when I feel her give herself to me, I bury myself deep inside her in one thrust. Her hands grip me, her claws extending, digging into my back as I feel her body tense. I pull back and look at her. “Relax love, I know it hurts, it will pass. I love you.” I kiss the tear drops that have formed in the corners of her eyes. Then nuzzle her nose with mine.
“I love you too.” She says, as I grit my teeth. She feels so good and everything in me wants to move, to slide in and out of her and complete our mating. But I hold still, letting her adjust to my size until I feel her start to move underneath me.
When she does, I begin to slowly slide in and out, letting her body adapt to the intrusion before increasing my pace. When she begins moaning, her claws raking down my back in pleasure rather than pain, I speed up even more taking myself as deep as I can.
Just as she’s on the cusp of her release, I lean down to her ear. “Let me mark you love.” She turns her head, giving me access to her beautiful neck and just as her body +15 BONOS
starts to contract around me, my canines extend, and I sink them into her marking spot. Cara screams my name as her orgasm hits her.
I immediately feel the mate bond kick in. A power, like nothing I’ve ever felt before slides through me. I go to pull my teeth out but just as I begin to retract, I feel Cara’s canines sink into my marking spot. The absolute ecstasy that I feel as her venom floods me has me shooting off like a fucking rocket. Rather than releasing her from my bite, I end up milking my canines into her as my body jerks with my release. Nothing has ever felt so fucking good in my entire life.
When I finally come down, I pull my canines from her neck, licking the spot to seal the wound. She does the same on my neck. We are both panting as I look at her, still seated deep inside her.
“You are mine Cara Nelson. Mine forever.”
Cooper Author
That’s a wrap for regular chapters. Tomorrow I'll post two epilogues, one from each perspective 
###Chapter 148
It’s been six months since Cara’s birthday. So much has happened since that time. A month after her birthday, we graduated high school and a week later, we had my Alpha ceremony. 
The Alpha ceremony was huge because it wasn’t just for me. We inducted an entirely new group of ranked wolves. Cara swore her oath as Luna, then Chase as my Beta. We also instated Lacey as our Beta female, because, yeah, my boy got his girl. Jason took his oath as my Gamma and our lead warrior asked to step down with my father, opening the position for Trevor. It’s been an adjustment. We’ve all taken on a lot of responsibility, but we work well together and have become a cohesive team. 
Clint spends more time at the packhouse now. He trains our more experienced warriors while Trevor takes on the task of training our young pups that have just gotten their wolves. 
I’m currently sitting in my office, the office that used to be my father’s. I received a call from the doctor a couple of days ago about Lacey being pregnant. So, I wasn’t surprised when she asked me to give Chase the night off that evening. The smile on his face the last couple of days has been noticed by everyone. He couldn’t be prouder and has told everyone that he’s going to be a father. It’s sweet watching him around Lacey now. As mates, they were always touching, but now, his hands always seem to find their way to her stomach, as if he’s making sure his little one knows who he is. 
I admit, I’ve been feeling jealous about it. It’s not like Cara and I have been trying. Just the opposite really. We’ve had so much on our plate, that it wasn’t a great time to bring a new little life into our world. And I’d be lying if I said that it hasn’t been great having time just the two of us. I get to give my little guardian my undivided attention. And I do, every night. I wondered if the euphoria of that first night would die down, but if anything, our bond and the feelings it provokes, have only gotten stronger. Cara is my drug and I’m a happy addict. Although, I have to say my girl sure does have a voracious appetite for the taste of brownies. 
Maybe it’s time to start thinking of having a pup. The thought of Cara’s stomach getting rounded with our pup growing inside her has me feeling all sorts of things. And thinking about all the extra effort it’ll require to make sure that my seed takes root is making me hard. 
It’s at that moment that my little guardian chooses to mind link me. “Baby? I’m hungry.” Her voice sounds pouty. 
Okay, that’s odd. “Did you miss lunch love, do you need me to bring you something to eat?” I ask. 
“I’m hungry for brownies. And not the kind your mother makes.” She says then sends me an image of exactly what she wants to do to feed her hunger. 
I’m standing and walking to the door before I even realize what I’m doing. Maybe we can start that baby making right now. 
I take the stairs two at a time and rush into the room, startling my Luna. She’s standing by her desk, the one that we have added since she moved in officially. She turns to me with a hungry look in her eyes, but I’m not having any of it. I pick her up on my way to the wall, pushing her against it as I rip her dress off. “I liked that dress Alpha.” She says breathily. 
‘I’ll buy you another one.” I tell her as I slam my cock inside her. I cannot, no matter how many times I have this woman, no matter how many times I touch or taste her, I cannot get enough of her. Even when she was in heat and I thought my dick would fall off from overuse, I still couldn’t get enough. 
I take her roughly against the wall, before carrying her to the bed and taking her again, more slowly and lovingly this time. Afterward, she lays with her head ont my chest, my arm wrapped around her. This is my happy place. 
“I have something to show you Rik.” She’s looking up at me and I see Artemis pushing forward. 
I kiss her nose. Whatever this is, it’s important enough for Artemis to be a part of it. Kai pushes forward as well. 
“What is it love?” 
She gets up off the bed and goes over to her desk. She grabs a piece of paper before returning to lay on me again. I sit up a little so I can read what she’s given me and tuck her against me again before I look at the paper. 
“You went to the doctor? Are you okay?” I look at her concerned. 
“Just read it Alpha.” She says with a smile on her face. 
I turn back to the paper and skim it trying to find the reason that she was at the pack hospital without telling me. And then I see it. 
It only takes a split second for the words to register in my mind before I’ve flipped us over. Cara is on her back and I’m laying between her legs, my head in her stomach. Kai is right there with me. It’s like I’ve brought this little one into. being just by wishing for him or her. 
I sniff all around her stomach, trying to find the scent. Cara starts laughing. “Dr. Harris said you smell our little one for another week.” 
Maybe that’s true for a regular wolf, but I’m mated to a Guardian and ever since completing the mate bond, all of my senses are heightened, even more than they were as an Alpha. Kai is desperate to find our pup. 
As we sniff, we get the slightest increase in Cara’s honey scent. Kai pushes our nose as hard as he can into Cara’s flat stomach. She’s still laughing, gently running her fingers through my hair. 
We focus on the spot that had the increased scent and there it is again. We found her and I’d lay odds with Dean that we’re going to have a girl since she smells like an enhanced version of her mother. 
“Found you peanut. And now that I’ve found you, I’m never letting you go.” 
###Chapter 149
Chapter 0149 So much has happened in the two years since Rik and I took over as Alpha and Luna of the Canyon Ridge Pack.
We found my mother’s wolf's spirit. Or rather, she found us. She and I have become great friends and I’m so glad to have her in my life. The only thing that was better than finding Andra’s Guardian spirit, was the birth of our daughter. We named her Lily after her grandmother, a strong and loving Guardian.
Rik has never let me live it down that he was right from the very beginning that we were having a girl. And, although I know he wants a son to carry on and eventually take over the pack, he’s been scared of what that might mean for me.
My pregnancy and birth of Lily were not easy. I was pregnant during a time of great strife, war and loss. The pain of it almost caused me to lose my precious daughter and both of us nearly died in childbirth. But Rik was there for both of us, and we survived.
Lily is the apple of her father’s eye. He takes her everywhere, carrying her around on his shoulders. And she is definitely a daddy's girl. Even after she was born, unless she was nursing, she preferred Rik holding her to me.
Lacey and Chase’s little boy is exactly the same. It’s cute to see the dads having play dates and taking the kids to the park or to get ice cream. They are both great fathers.
I was shocked at first that Lacey gave in to Chase, but when she had her birthday a month after mine and realized that he was her mate, it all made sense. He, like Rik, had his birthday first and realized what she was to him. He pursued her relentlessly until her birthday, and then everything fell into place. They had their second child, a girl, a couple months ago.
Rik’s fear of losing me has kept him from wanting to have another baby. Artemis and I were ready a couple months after Lily’s birth to try for another one, but he refused. The fear of losing me or worse, me and our child together was too much for him. But the Moon Goddess has her own plans, and we don’t always get to choose when or how many children we will have.
I'm finishing a shower, putting on a bath robe instead of clothes, anticipating. Rik’s response to finding out we're going to have another child. I hope he’s ast happy as he was with Lily and wants to go peanut hunting again. That’s what I started calling it, since he called Lily ‘Peanut until she was born. He and Kai would sniff my stomach every night before laying their head next to her and
telling her about their day.
As I'm walking out of the bathroom, towel drying my hair, Rik walks in with Lily in his arms. Rik’s eyes go dark as soon as he sees me in only a bathrobe. My love and desire for this amazing man have only increased with time.
“Mommy, mommy. Guess what?” My daughter squirms until Rik puts her down and she runs over to me. I reach down and scoop her up. “What?” I ask her as I take her over to the love seat sitting under the window in our room.
“Kai took for me a ride then Daddy showed me all the constations in the sky.” She mispronounces constellations.
“He did?” I ask acting excited looking at my mate who has a sheepish look on his face. I give him the barest of head shakes and his grin just gets bigger.
I turn my attention back to my daughter. “Did you fall off Kai this time?” I ask her. “Nope, I held on tight like Daddy said.”
“Did Daddy show you the Dory constellation?” I ask and she nods her head in exaggerated excitement. “Yep! He showed me her nose and her tail and her...” She turns and looks at Rik for help.
“Her dorsal fin” He fills in for her as he sits to take off his shoes. “Yes, that, mommy.” “Wow. Daddy is really smart, isn’t he?” She nods her head in agreement again. “Well guess what?” I ask my little girl.
“What?” She asks, bouncing up and down in my lap.
“Mommy knows something that Daddy doesn’t know. If I tell you then you'll know too, and you can share it with Daddy. Do you want to know what it is?”
She nods her head. I lean down and whisper in her ear. “Tell Daddy that it’s time to go peanut hunting.” She sits back and looks at me her brow furrowing, then looks at Rik.
“Why would Daddy want to go peanut hunting?” She asks, blowing the entire surprise. Rik’s head whips around to look at me and now it’s my turn to grin at him.
Without looking away from my mate, I answer my daughter. “Because Daddy will be really happy to know that it’s time to go peanut hunting.
I watch as Rik’s face breaks into my favorite megawatt smile.
“If you want to make Daddy happy, why don’t you tell him that you have my little +15 DONOS
brother in your tummy?”
My head whips back to look at my daughter. “What did you say?”
She's looking at my stomach and she pats a spot on my right side, before looking at Rik. “Daddy, wouldn’t you be happier to know that Mommy has my little
brother growing in her tummy instead of going peanut hunting?”
Rik comes over to sit on the love seat with us, putting Lily in his lap. “Princess, why do you say Mommy has your little brother in her tummy?”
“I can smell him. Can't you?” She says, looking between us.
“What does he smell like?” I ask her.
“Like hot chocate.” She says, mispronouncing chocolate.
Rik and I look at each other over her head. Then he sets her in my lap on the left side and points to where she was patting my stomach. “He’s right here?” He asks as Kai pushes forward.
My daughter takes his finger and points to where she thinks her brother is. Rik leans down and sniffs. He sniffs in a small circle around the area and then pushes his nose into my stomach right where Lily told him. When he sits up, he’s looking incredulous.
“She's right. I can smell him, and he does smell like hot chocolate.” “See Daddy, I told you.”
I look at Rik. “Her sense of smell is stronger than yours? And she doesn’t even have her wolf yet?” I look back at my daughter then at my mate. “What does it mean?”
He picks Lily up and holds her in his arms looking into her eyes and she puts both her hands on his cheeks. “I think it means we have another Guardian in our midst.”
The end.
This series continues in book 2: Alpha’s Guardian Angel 
###Chapter 150
**This is Book Two of the Guardians Trilogy. While it can be read as a standalone book, there are references to events that happened in Book 1. It is recommended that you read the first book, The Broken Warrior’s Daughter, before reading this
one. “Liam!” I was almost to my car, almost didn’t have to face that she chose him over me.
It had been a long shot. I knew Cara wanted to find her fated mate. It was an even longer shot when I realized that Rik was her mate. But I still had to try. She is an incredible woman. She will make an amazing Luna. Just not my Luna.
I stop. I have to do this. I have to let her know that we can still be friends. Just not now, not for a while.
I turn to her. Even in the dark I can see the tears in her eyes. She just found her mate but she’s worried about me. Of course she is. That’s one of the many
reasons I wanted her. “lm sor...”
I cut her off. “Don’t. You were always honest with me. I knew you wanted to find your mate and see if it would work. It was a risk I was willing to take.”
I look up and make eye contact with Rik. He’s with me. It’s more than I would be able to do Landing back, giving her this time if I were in his shoes.
I look back at her and put my hands on her shoulders. “You always wanted to find your fated mate. Rik is a good man. He'll be a good Alpha and a good mate to you. And if he isn’t,” I look back at him, “You know where to find me.”
She sniffs, trying to rein her tears in. I wipe them off her cheeks with my thumbs before reaching into my pocket and pulling out her birthday present. I'd had to really dig to find the pictures for the locket, but I found them.
“Happy birthday.” I say, handing her the box. She unwraps her present and opens the box. She pulls out the locket and looks at me. “It’s beautiful.”
“Open it.” I say to her and I watch as she opens it to find the pictures. One of her parents before she was born and one of them together holding her as a baby in their arms.
SONOR $1+ +15 BONOS
Her hand goes to her mouth and the tears start to fall again. “Liam...”
I kiss her forehead. “I have to go away for a while. Take care of yourself.”
I step back as Rik steps up behind her, wrapping his arm around her waist, looking at my gift. I see the surprised look on his face. “Thank you. I know it. means a lot to her. To both of us.”
I nod and turn back to my car. Without another word, I get in and begin backing out. They continue to stand there as I pull away, but I don’t look back. Now that I’ve lost my Luna, I need to focus all my attention on finding Eli Gunnar. It’s time for the Banished Beta to pay for killing my mother.
+15 BONOS 
###Chapter 151
Chapter 0151 Thirteen Years Ago
It's my 10th birthday! I’m so excited! Today is the day that I will get my wolf! I’ve been waiting my whole life for this moment. Okay, it’s only 10 years, but it's my whole life.
At any point today, I could begin to hear her, but I won't be able to shift until after dusk. Because it’s a school night, we celebrated my birthday over the weekend with my friends and pack members. My father, the lead warrior of our pack, The Great River Pack, has taken tonight off so he and my mother can be with me during my shift.
My mom has kept me home from school today. She is a teacher and also took the day off to spend with me. We're currently sitting at the table, eating my favorite breakfast, french toast.
“Angel, honey, you need to calm down. She'll be here when it’s time. All wolves wake at different times of the day.” I’m bouncing up and down in my seat, barely able to contain my excitement.
“I know, but Mom, what do you think she'll be like? Will she be like me? Will she like me?”
My father walks in, kissing me on top of my head. “Short stack, what’s not to like?” My father is a giant of a man. Six foot six inches, broad chest, solid muscle. I’m currently only five feet tall. Hence the nickname. My mother is a decent 5’9” so I’m hoping to hit a good growth spurt in a few years and maybe get to her height or taller.
“Thanks Daddy.” He smiles and sits down to have breakfast with us before heading out to training. “So, what are my favorite girls up to today?” He asks.
“Well,” my mother starts. “This morning, we’re going shopping for some camping gear, so we can take a weekend soon and all
go camping in the woods. after Angel gets her wolf. Then because the birthday girl has requested pizza for her birthday dinner
and chocolate chip cookies for dessert, I think most of our afternoon will be spent cooking and baking. And finally, before we go out to shift, we'll open presents. “/
My father finishes his breakfast getting up. He leans down to kiss my mom before coming back around and giving me a kiss on the cheek. “Sounds like a
C +15 BONOS great day! What time should I be home for dinner?”
Mom has followed my father with her eyes since he kissed her. I hope to one day have someone to love the way they love each other. “We'll plan to eat at Spm, then presents around 6 before heading out no later than 7pm.
“Ok, see you then. Take care of my girls.” He says as he heads out. He always says that to us when he leaves for work.
Mom and I spent the morning shopping. We got all kinds of camping equipment, some extra blankets to fight against the Minnesota snow when we go camping in winter. Even with our wolves, the winters get really cold here.
We're making cookies and I’m getting nervous. I still haven’t heard my wolf. What if I don’t get her. It happens sometimes. It’s rare, but it has happened that a person born of two werewolves doesn't get a wolf spirit. As the day has gone on, I’ve gotten increasingly worried that I won't get my wolf. What if the Moon Goddess doesn’t think I’m worthy? What if I did something to make her mad and now I won't get my wolf. What if...
“What if you’re worrying for nothing?‘ A voice says.
I stop and look at my mother. “What did you say?” My mother looks at me, then smiles. “I,” she stresses the word, “didn’t say anything. Perhaps someone else did?”
It takes only a second for me to understand what she is saying. “Are you my wolf?” I say it out loud. My mother has stopped to watch me.
“You know I’m in your head and you don’t actually have to speak out loud, right? ‘My wolf asks me. I start jumping up and down. “Oh my goddess, oh my goddess, oh my goddess. She’s here mom, she’s HERE!” I’m screaming at the end.
My mother hugs me, looking into my eyes. Her eyes darken, her wolf, Rain, coming forward. “What is your name, little one?” My mother asks with Rain’s voice overlaying making it deeper.
I can feel my wolf push forward, wanting to answer. It’s a strange feeling, like I’m fighting myself for control. ‘Relax. We are one. I will never hurt you.’ My wolf tells me.
So, I relax and let her come forward. “l am Alessia.” My mother gasps.
“Mother? What’s wrong?” Why does she look like that?
She gulps audibly. “Nothing sweetheart. It’s nice to meet you Alessia. We can’t wait to see your wolf form this evening.”
+15 BONDS
She steps away from me, looking distracted. “Honey, can you keep track of the cookies while I step away for a few minutes? I’ll be right back.”
‘What do you think that was about? I ask Alessia, watching my mother walk into the next room. I’m already loving having my forever best friend in my head. I feel her smile. ‘I love you too, Angel. And I’m not sure why our mom is acting strange. She seemed happy to see me, but something is definitely wrong. 
###Chapter 152
Mom comes back in the kitchen and tells me that dad will be home early. It’s not 20 minutes later that he walks in the door. “There’s my birthday girl.” He says, but I can see that he looks stressed out.
“What's this I hear about you getting your wolf? Alessia is her name?”
“Yes, and she’s perfect Dad!” I exclaim, giving him a hug.
My father’s wolf, Ward, pushes forward. “Let me meet my pup, little one.” He says.
Alessia pushes forward and this time, I am relaxed and it goes much faster. I see Dad’s eyes widen before he reaches out pulling us to him for a hug. I hug him back, excited to have him home early to celebrate.
When I pull back, dad is looking at mom. “Alpha Peter asked to us to bring Angel by tomorrow so he can meet the newest member of his pack.” Mom is looking at dad and there is a weird, silent conversation going on.
“But!” He says, looking back at me and smiling. “I have a great idea! Why don’t we take that new camping gear you got today and go someplace really special for your shift. We can stay the night out under the stars. I bet Alessia would like that.”
I turn to my mother. “Oh, can we mom? Pleeeeeeeease?”
My mom is still looking at my dad. There is definitely a silent conversation going on. “They are mind linking. They don’t want us to hear what they are saying. Alessia says to me. She’s curious about this behavior as well.
Mom turns to me. “Sure, let’s eat dinner then while you go pack some clothes in a duffel, I’ll pack up some food.” “Yay! This is going to be so much fun!”
It was nearly dark before we headed out. “Sweetheart, why don’t you lay down and take a nap. We're going to go find a really cool place, out of the way. The first shift always takes the longest and it can be painful, but we'll be right there with you.” My dad says. I don’t know if I can fall asleep, I’m so excited, but I lay down. in the back of the car and close my eyes.
When I wake up, I can hear my parents talking. “As soon as we break our pack link, he’ll know something is up. Shouldn’t we wait until we’re further away? They can still track us this close.” My mother was asking my father.
“Yes, we should wait until closer to morning, but before he’s awake. If we do it at
just the right time, he may not wake up and if we're very lucky, he won't notice until later in the day. By then, we'll have dumped the car and hopefully be in the mountains.”
My mother continued to express her concerns. “Won't she be too tired. We'll be faster in wolf form.” “If she gets too tired, I can carry her. She’s still small and Ward can easily carry her for hours, if needed.” I sit up. “Where are we? Why are we still driving?” 1 ask.
My parents look at each other, not answering me. Now, I’m starting to get angry, this was supposed to be my day to shift for the first time and we’re just driving.” What's going on?” I ask angrily.
My mother turns to look at me. “Sweetheart, we had to leave the pack. It was important.”
“What do you mean,
‘leave the pack’? We're going back, right?”
“Alessia? It’s my father that asks. “Do you know what you are?”
“Yes. I am a Guardian.” Alessia replies.
“Wait. What do you mean you’re a Guardian?” I ask out loud so I can figure out what is going on.
It's my mother that responds. “When you first let Alessia forward, her eyes glowed a bright golden color. Only a Guardian's eyes are gold sweetheart.”
“I don’t understand. Why do we have to leave the pack because Alessia is a Guardian?” I ask my parents.
“You and Alessia will be very powerful, Angel. More powerful than an Alpha when you get older. We were worried that Alpha Peter would try to force you into a mate bond with his son. He would not want to risk losing you to another pack. Having a Guardian makes a pack infinitely stronger. No alpha has ever willingly let an awakened Guardian leave their pack.”
“In every instance that I’ve ever heard, the Alpha either forced the Guardian into a mate bond with them or their Alpha heir. There was only one that did not force his Guardian, but his Guardian is a male, not a female, and the males were friends before the boy got his wolf.” My father turns to look at me briefly before turning back to the road. “We didn’t want you forced into a mate bond, Angel. We want to give you the freedom to find your mate when you are old enough.”
“So, what will we do now?” I ask. +15 BONOS
My mother answers this time. “We will stop in another hour or so, when we feel we are far enough away from the pack. Then we will let you shift. After you shift, we will renounce our pack and run to the mountains on foot. From there, we will have to wait and
see. Wait, renounce the pack, do you mean...?” “We're going rogue.” My father answers.
###Chapter 153
Six months ago
As I drive away from Cara’s birthday party, I call my Beta, Dustin.
“Alpha?” His excitement and hopefulness feel like a punch in the gut. Everyone in my pack was hoping Cara would choose me.
“I'm staying in the city tonight. Have someone clear out my room.” I'd had my room decorated with the expectation that I’d be bringing my new Luna home. There were flowers and candles around the room, setting the ambience for a romantic night of marking and mating. But that won’t be happening, and I can’t bear to see the remnants of my plans. So, I'll stay in my apartment in the city.
“What's the plan?” He asks, his tone considerably more subdued. Everyone knows we need a Luna. I’m nearly 25 and have yet to find my mate. Pretty soon, I'll have to choose a mate. I had chosen someone, Cara, that I thought was worthy of being the Luna of my pack. I haven't found anyone else that met the criteria that she did.
“We're going after Eli Gunnar. Meet me at my apartment in the morning and we'll develop a plan.” Eighteen years ago, my pack was attacked by an Alpha seeking to overthrow my father and take over our pack and pack lands. My father defeated and killed the Alpha, Alpha Jerome, but not before a teenaged Eli Gunnar, known as the Banished Beta, got to my mother and killed her. He was found with her bloody body in his arms. He ran and escaped. My father searched for him for years before he died. I took over the search, even before my father’s death 8 years ago.
Last month, Eli kidnapped Cara and attempted to force the mate bond on her. Luckily, she was underaged and her wolf is strong. She was able to fight off the venom he put in her body. But having him in close proximity has only made me more blood thirsty. I've been waiting a very long time to bring the Banished Beta to justice for what he did.
“Do you want some company?” Dustin asks me. “No. I'll be fine. Nothing that a bottle of bourbon can’t fix.”
I end the call and make the hour-long trek into the city. My apartment is in the same high-rise building that my company offices are in. Holstin Enterprises, Inc. has two arms, one in construction and one in security. Both are easy businesses for shifters to work in. Since my pack, the largest in the country, is nearly Soo pack members, I need an outside business to employ my pack members and keep
the pack financially stable.
The company is in the human area, and my manager is a human. It’s helpful when there are drifters that come through town for short periods of time. I frequently employ bear shifters, fox shifters and once I even hired a lion shifter, although that didn’t last long as he tried to create a pride/harem with my clients. When drifters come into town, I hire them and depending on their skill set, place them in one of my businesses. They make the money they want and then take off again.
I park in the underground parking garage reserved for residents and employees and head straight to the bar. When I sit, the bartender looks over at me. “The usual?” He asks.
I nod and when he brings my amber colored liquid to me, I shoot it down and tap my glass on the bar. “Just leave the bottle.”
He does and moves on. My mind drifts back to places I don’t want it to be. Back to the time when I still had a chance with Cara. She’s a Guardian, born from two Guardians. She is strong, powerful, fierce and beautiful. Everything I want in a Luna, except she’s not mine.
I'm drowning my melancholy thoughts in my bourbon when a scent I haven't smelled in a while hits my nose and a beautiful woman sits down next to me. I can’t help but look her over. She’s stunning. Her bronze skin is accentuated with jet black hair that looks like silk falling down to her mid back. She’s wearing a skintight animal print dress with a plunging neckline that shows off her large tits and a short length that shows off her fantastic legs. The dress leaves no question that she’s wearing anything underneath it.
She looks me over before meeting my eyes. “Want some company?” She asks and her voice is like a purr.
I frown at her, my nose tipping up in the air trying to sniff out what she is. Her smile widens as she watches me. Then she leans in crooking her finger to get me closer. I lean toward her and she slides her cheek against mine as she whispers seductively in my ear. “Panther.” 
###Chapter 154
She sits back and smiles at me, taking a sip of her drink before looking over at the bartender, raising her glass in a silent request for a refill. She turns back to me.” That is what you were wondering, right wolf?”
I set my arm on the bar, leaning into her. “What's a sexy kitten like you doing here?”
The bartender brings her a refill. I watch as she uses her tongue to play with her straw before answering. “I’m in town for the weekend. Work conference.” “What’s your name?” I ask her, sliding my fingers up her thigh to the hem of her short dress.
“Audra. What's yours, gorgeous?”
“Liam. Want to take this party up to my room?”
Her smile is all feline. “Let me get another drink to go.”
I look at the bartender. “We'll take a bottle of what she’s having as well. Put it all on my tab.”
The bartender brings the bottle. I grab both bottles, balancing my glass as well, leaving one hand free.
I put my hand on her exposed back and lead her to the elevator. When we get in, I push the button for the penthouse and slide my key in to gain access before pushing Audra against the wall, taking her mouth roughly and sliding my hand
up
her inner thigh until I feel her wet warmth. I was right, nothing underneath her dress. I slide my fingers across her bare lips, growling my pleasure. Her hand has gone to my short hair, but she’s found a grip and she pulls hard. Oh yeah, this is going to be rough and raw. Good thing she seems to want the same thing.
When the door to the elevator opens, I step back and let her walk ahead of me. I stalk her like prey as she walks into my suite. I set the bottles down as she turns back to me. Her amber colored eyes are full of desire and a hunger I understand well. It’s been a long time. I went celibate months ago when I told Cara I intended to pursue her. I wanted her to feel respected when, if, she accepted me. Now I have a lot of pent-up sexual energy that I plan to expend tonight. And this little kitten seems more than willing to take whatever I give her.
As I stalk toward her, she gives me a playful smile and begins walking backward, setting her glass down as she goes. A primal growl, a growl of the hunt rumbles.
my chest. “Here kitty kitty.” My voice so deep is sounds like a snarl.
in
She turns to run and gets one step before I’ve got her, pinning her against the wall. She’s panting as she looks at me. I reach up and tear her dress down the center, letting it fall open: “I hope you didn’t like that dress.” I say to her.
Her claws come out and she scratches me from shoulder to waist, shredding my shirt. “It was my favorite.” She says.
“I have no intention of being gentle.” I tell her as my claws also come out and poke into her waist as I hoist her body up.
“Did I say anything about wanting gentle puppy.” She purrs down at me.
I look up at her. “It’s Alpha to you.” And I throw her legs over my shoulders, my hands holding her up by her ass, as I pin her to
the wall burying my face between her legs. I make her cum over and over until she’s screaming my name.
When I finally pull my head away, I bring her legs back to the floor before spinning her around roughly, grabbing her hair and pinning her to the wall as I undo my pants. When they fall to the floor, I toss them aside before kicking her legs open. I pull back, holding her head against the wall and pulling her hips back toward me.
“Brace your hands on the wall.” I order. As soon as she does, I slam my dick. inside her. “That's right kitten, take my cock.” I fuck her hard, feeling her body responding to mine. Her claws are scratching gouges in my wall but I don’t fucking care. Everything that I’ve lost tonight, every desolate moment that looms. in my future, a lifetime of loneliness in my past, none of it matters in this moment. Right now, there is nothing but this feeling, nothing but this little feline that seems to want exactly the same thing I do. One night to forget everything.
When she screams my name I continue my brutal pace. It isn’t until she begins whimpering ‘Alpha‘ over and over, I finally let go and empty myself inside her.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 155
The next morning, I wake up at my usual time. I’m surprised since I didn’t get much sleep. Kitten has some stamina that’s for sure. I look at her naked body next to mine. She is covered in claw marks in various stages of healing. My hand print on her ass is lighter than it was when I gave it to her, but it’s still there. My own body is riddled with bite and claw marks partially healed.
I lean over and kiss Audra on the shoulder. She moans, half asleep. “Again already? Are all Alphas like you?”
I chuckle and smack her ass cheek hard enough to leave a new mark. She hisses. with the pain, but doesn’t resist. If anything, she pushes her ass toward me, so I lean down and sink my teeth into her fleshy cheek. She moans through the pain and I can smell her arousal.
“Naughty kitten. If you want more, you’d better meet me in the shower. I have a meeting this morning.” She groans as she watches me walk into the bathroom. I’ve just gotten under the hot water when I feel her come up behind me. Her
hands go dick, stroking me. I was already
around my waist and slide to, partially hard because of the smack and bite mark so it only takes a moment to be at full attention. I turn to face her and she drops to her knees.
“Hungry little kitten?” She nods as I rub my tip across her lips before she licks. from base to tip. I’m not certain, but it feels like her tongue is rough like a cat’s. After all the activity last night, it’s almost too much stimulation. Then she takes me in her mouth and down her throat. I don’t know if all felines are this good at giving head, but damn she is. After I shoot my load down her throat, I pull her up, pushing her against the wall and take her again.
When we're done, I finish washing and leave her to finish in the shower. I walk out and hear a knock at the door. Thinking it’s room service, I open the door to find Dustin. “Hey, uh, come in.” I say.
He looks at me. “What the fuck?” Yeah, I’m covered in cat scratches and bites. He only takes two steps in before stopping dead in his tracks. “What the fuck happened here. And what’s that smell. It smells like...”
“Panther?” Audra asks coming out of the bathroom with nothing on but a towel wrapped around her head, keeping her long hair from dripping.
Dustin just stares. I have to admit, the woman is gorgeous. Even after seeing every inch of that luscious body last night, I could still look at her all day.
+15 BONOS “Dustin, Audra. Audra, Dustin.” I make introductions. ‘Ummm, hey.” Dustin says.
“Hey” she says back before looking at me. “I don’t have anything to wear since you felt the need to rip my clothes off.” She says, putting a hand on her hip.
“Right. Hang on.” I go to get her one of my t-shirts and pair of shorts, getting dressed as well.
“So, you guys did all this last night?” Dustin asks. The room is a disaster. The bed is broken, the sheets and mattress are shredded, the couch is shredded, the coffee table is in splinters, there are holes in the walls, and claw marks on almost every surface.
“Yep. You know, you don’t smell like an Alpha.”
“lm his Beta”
I come back out with the clothes. She puts them on and turns to me. “Thanks for the best fuck I’ve had in a really long time. If I’m ever in town again...”
I reach my hand out to Dustin and he pulls a business card from his wallet. “Look me up.” I finish her sentence. She gives me a pleased smile then turns, grabs her purse and heads out.
I look at Dustin. “Let’s get to the office. We need to get a game plan together and I need someone to come clean this place up.” “Yeah you do.” He says as we head out.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 156
Chapter 0156 10 Years Ago
When we ran three years ago, my father had been right. Our Alpha sent the pack warriors to find us. The first three years had been really hard. We had to skirt around other pack territories, we had multiple run ins with rogues and we had to hunt and kill our own food or steal what we couldn’t afford.
Dad would take odd jobs here and there to make money when he could, but we could never stay in one place for too long before he’d get a hint that the pack had found us, and we'd have to take off again.
When Dad is'nt working, he is training me on how to be a warrior. Since Alessia is a Guardian, he felt that the sooner I learn how to fight, the better for me. And he was right. My mother isn’t a warrior, so for a while, it was solely on my father to keep us safe. After several months of training, I began to help my father when we’d be attacked by rogues. In the last year, I've become a very adept killer. I can take on two rogues at a time by myself. Ok, so my dad can take on four at a time, but I’m still only 13. Alessia and I will only get stronger.
Mom has decided that my other studies should not falter just because we don’t have access to a standard school. So she’s been teaching me herself. And I have to admit, I love that the world is, quite literally, my educational oyster. Mom has used our landscape to teach me science, chemistry, and even math. Other times, we use our time to gather water or wood for a fire as an opportunity to discuss our history, as well as the history of other supernaturals and humans as well.
Maybe it’s the wolf in me, but I love living in the wild. If it wasn’t for the constant threat of being captured by our pack or supernatural hunters, or the risk of me being taken by an alpha who’s pack stumbles across us, it would be amazing.
All of this changed when Dad got wind that our old pack warriors had found us. again. They’d been pushing us progressively south and east. That first night, we had made it into northern Illinois. Since then, we've been through Illinois, Indiana and Ohio. Most recently, we had crossed the Kentucky border and were living in the Red River Gorge area. We had to be careful as there were several packs in this part of the state, but we’d found a place that wasn’t owned by any local pack.
When Dad heard that our pack was close, we packed our meager belongings and ran again. Only this time, one of dad’s previous warriors and friends caught up to us. Dad mind linked mom and I to hide in a cave and he shifted before going out to confront his previous friend.
317 +15 BONOS
While my mother could not hear, with my Guardian hearing, I listened to their conversation. I had no intention of letting my father get killed, so while my mother tried to convince me to move farther into the cave, I refused, ready to help if needed.
I heard the sound of bones cracking. “Richard You’re a hard man to find.” An unfamiliar voice said. I heard more cracking bones, then my father’s voice. “Jude. Fancy seeing you here.”
“Let's not play games Richard. We've been searching for you and your family for three years. Why did you run? Why did you renounce the pack?”
“My reasons are my own. You need to leave Jude. I have no interest in killing you, but I will if I have to.”
The man named Jude sighs. “Has it really come to this? Your family deserves more than this life. Just tell me why. Help me understand. Everything was fine and then you just left. Alpha and the rest of the pack want you home.”
“I'm never coming back. We're never coming back. That's all you need to know. Now move on before you make me do something I don’t want to do. It doesn’t matter how close we used to be, my family comes first.”
I shifted and Alessia moved quietly through the underbrush so we could see what was happening. 
###Chapter 157
“Rich, I’m here. Alone. The other wolves with me aren’t close. I want to talk. I want to understand. We were friends. Help me understand why this” Jude gestured around him, “is better for your family.”
He wasn't lying. I don’t know if my father could smell them, but the other wolves. had gone in a different direction. This man seemed honest, and Alessia could not catch a scent of any deceit on him.
We make the decision and walk out of our hiding place to stand next to my father. I may still be a fairly short girl, but Alessia is a large wolf. We come up to my father’s waist. I felt more than heard him sigh. “Alessia, you should have stayed put.”
When I look at Jude, his gasp was audible. “Guardian.” He whispers it with
reverence in his voice. His eyes begin tracking back and forth between me and my father. Then he points at me. “This....” “Is my daughter Angel and her wolf Alessia.” My father finishes. “On her 10th birthday, Alessia awakened as a Guardian.” Jude face breaks out into a huge smile. “But, this is great! Alpha will be so pleased. The whole pack will rejoice...”
He is cut off by my father’s feral snarl. “I will NOT take her back.”
Jude looks at my father as if he hasn’t heard him properly. “But why not?”
My father rubs a hand over his face. “Jude. Think! You have a daughter. What do you think would have happened to her if her wolf was a Guardian? What would Alpha Peter have done? What will he do if he finds out my daughter is a Guardian? Would you want that for your daughter?”
I watch as the realization of our situation dawns on Jude. He takes a step toward me. My father growls at him.
Jude looks at him. “I would never hurt your daughter Rich. And no, I would not want my daughter claimed by an Alpha that may not be her mate just because of who and what she is.”
He crouches down and looks at me. “Hi Alessia. It’s nice to meet you.
I look up at my Dad, who nods his head, before I walk over to greet Jude. He runs his hands through my fur, so much like my father does to me. I can tell that this is how he interacts with his own daughter.
He pats my head before standing up. I move to stand beside my father again. * Where’s Katie?” “I'm here.” My mother says and walks out from behind some bushes.
“You don’t look as bad as I would have expected. Obviously, you’re doing something right.” He looks at my father weighing his options.
“I have a cabin. It’s in the Appalachian Mountains. It’s not on any pack landhs. You can hide there. They won't look for you there and I'll try to divent the hunt in another direction to give you time to get away. You need to hide your scent as much as possible on the way to help me out. Do you have something to write on?”
My mother found a piece bark that we'd been using to write with and a piece of coal that we’d found. Jude gives us the address and general directions before stepping back. “I need to go meet my group. I'll send you money when I can. Stay there as long as you'd like. Good luck old friend.”
He looks at me. “I expect great things from you Alessia, and you too Angel”
“Thank you, Jude. I owe you.” My father says to him as he turns to leave.
“You've saved my life countless times Rich. I’m glad I can finally do something to pay you back. Be safe. All of you.” With that, he takes off in the direction of the other wolves.
It took us several weeks to find our way to the cabin. When we arrived, mom and I cleaned it up and dad was able to find a local job working in construction.
It became a quiet and peaceful life. We were happy and life was good. Until it wasn’t.
###Chapter 158
Chapter 0158 7 Years Ago
Over the last few years, Jude stayed true to his word. He sent us a burner phone after the first 6 months and kept us informed of what was happening in the pack, and the on-going hunt for us. Over time, the hunting efforts for us waned, but never completely ended.
We were careful, we kept a low profile, but we were happy. Mom continued my education at home, using the surrounding words as my classroom. Dad continued my training. Being a Guardian, I was getting stronger more quickly than others my age. At 16, I could defeat my father in training as often as he defeated me.
It was a beautiful spring afternoon when the call that changed my life came in. Mom and I were walking back from the forest, having collected some plants and bulbs that we would use to create salves and tonics my father thought best for helping Alessia grow and strengthen.
Dad came rushing out of the house, a bag slung over his shoulder. “They found us. We have to go, NOW!!
Mom and I dropped everything and shifted. Dad tossed the bag to me. I caught it in my mouth as he shifted and we took off running.
We have lived here long enough to have learned the lines of the pack lands in our surrounding area. My father leads the way as we skirt along those lines and head north, going deeper into the forest. We've been running for an hour or more when we hear the howl. They caught our trail.
We push harder, running through streams, swimming through lakes as we find them, or ducking under waterfalls. Anything to slow them down or get them off our trail. It’s well into the night when my mother begins to slow. My father finds a place for us to stop, tucking us into a cave to rest after checking to make sure it was clear.
“Angel, stay here and guard your mother.” He mind links me. “I’m going to look around and make sure it’s safe.”
It isn’t long before I get a frantic mind link from my father. “Angel, get your mother and run. Run now. We're in the middle of a nest of vampires! Go!”
I turn to look at my mother and see that my father had opened the mind link to both of us. She’s up and moving at the same time lam.
+15 BOHOS
I sniff the air before leaving the cave, catching a whiff of something sickly sweet. I turn in the opposite direction and begin running, my mother on my heels. We haven't run more than a mile when I catch the same sweet scent again, but much closer. I stop, trying to figure out what direction it’s coming from before turning and running off in a different direction.
We haven't gone far when I smell it again, stronger. I hear my mother whimper behind me. She’s caught the scent now too. I turn around in a circle trying to find an area where the scent is weak. When I find it, I begin running, my mother trusting my enhanced Guardian senses.
stop once again when I realize we're surrounded. I don’t know how many there are, but they are faster than we are and have us trapped. I stand in front of my mother as I see a vampire walk out from behind some trees.
“Well, well, well.” He says casually walking towards us. I give him a threatening growl, and he stops. “What do we have here? You must be related to the other mutt we found.”
I watch horrified as two other vampires drag my bloodied and beaten father into the clearing and toss him on the ground at their feet. He has shifted back to his human form. I can hear his heart rate, so I know he’s alive, but only barely. My mother makes a move to go to him, but I cut her off. “Mom, don’t move.” I mind link her.
The vampire looks at my mother then back at me. “So, one of you is the mutt’s mate, and the other is...” He drags out the words as if I am going to answer him. He looks over the body of my wolf. “Let’s assume pup.”
“It's too bad we don't like the filthy taste of your blood. I do so love them young.” The lead vampire says.
“Kill them.”
In a split second, my father’s head is ripped from his body. The moment of shock is all it takes for another to stand in front of my mother, his hands gripping her wolf's head, ready to decapitate her as well. I turn, grabbing hold of his arm and ripping it from his body. I see the shock on his face an instant before I swipe my claws across his throat, slicing his head off.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 159
My mother is in shock, her high keening howl ripping at my already raw heart for the loss of her mate. But I don’t have time to hurt. My mother is in no position to fight, having just lost her mate. So, I begin taking down the vampires.
My father has trained me well, but I've never fought against vampires. While werewolves are the stronger breed, vampires are much faster. Being a Guardian gives me an advantage and Alessia is tearing through the vampires, ripping off heads and clawing out hearts as fast as she can, but it’s not fast enough.
“WOLF!” The lead vampire yells. I turn to see that he has my mother. She has shifted back, her eyes blank in her grief. I know she won't survive without my father. Most werewolves can’t survive the death of their mate. But I don’t want her to die at the hands of this leech.
He has my mother standing in front of him, his hand wrapped around her neck. He is looking at me over her shoulder. “Little wolf. If you don’t stop killing my brethren, I will have to kill your mother.”
I snarl at him. He’s already said he is going to kill all of us anyway, so I may as well take out as many as I can on the way.
He gives me a vicious smile. “You're right, I am going to kill her anyway. But,’ He holds up a hand to me as I start to bunch my legs, ready to attack him. “If you stop attacking my brothers, I won't give her to Lennix here.” He points to one of the other vampires that is slowly surrounding me.
“Lennix has a bit of a deviant nature. While most of us prefer to fuck our food. while we’re eating, he doesn’t seem to care where he puts his dick, as long as they are screaming in pain while he’s using them.” My stomach turns and I have to fight the urge to vomit. “Sometimes if they aren’t loud enough, he finds ways to hurt them so he can enjoy himself more.” The vampire Lennix is licking his lips, looking at my mother lasciviously.
The leader rubs his nose against my mother’s ear. “You wouldn’t want to watch. as he makes this sweet little female here scream in pain, begging for death, would you?”
‘Alessia?’ I ask, already knowing the answer. ‘There are too many. I can’t take them all.‘
I shift back, knowing it’s my only possible option to save my mother. I watch as her eyes gain some clarity as she sees me shift. She tries to shake her head no, but
the vampire’s hold is too strong.
“Good choice.” He says as he rips my mother head from her body. I scream as I watch her body slump to the ground. I crumble to my knees. My parents are dead. I have nothing and no one in this world. I am about to die, alone.
The leader walks slowly toward me. “I didn’t say I wouldn't kill her. I said I wouldn’t let Lennix have her, and I didn’t. lama vampire of my word.” He stops. in front of me, gently sliding his fingers in my hair before grabbing it roughly and yanking my head up to look at him.
“Now, what are you?” He snarls at me. I look at him like he’s crazy. He’s just watched me shift from a wolf to a human. He must know I’m a werewolf.
He leans down, sniffing my neck before jerking back, looking at me more closely. He pulls my hand to his face, slicing my finger with his fang. When he tastes my blood, the look on his face makes me sick again. It’s pure ecstasy. “Custos regni.” He says reverently.
He snaps his fingers and one of the vampires bring him handcuffs. He binds my wrists with silver before lifting me to my feet. “You will be a gift to my prince. He will reward me handsomely for bringing you in.”
He binds my ankles in silver, and I’m thrown over the leader’s shoulder. As he walks away, I take one last look at my parents* lifeless bodies, lying broken on the forest floor.
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 160
Chapter 0160 Trigger Warning: The chapter contains scenes of violence and sexual abuse. The vampire leader carried me to a car and put me in the trunk. He duct taped my mouth before closing me in.
Once I am alone in the dark, I let the tears fall. I have no idea what I’m going to do, but I know no one is coming to help me. My parents, my heart aches as I think them, Alessia howling mournfully in my head. My parents are dead. The only person that knows about me is Jude, and if my previous pack finds my parents, they will assume that I am dead as well.
I have no idea why this lead vampire thinks the prince of vampires would want me. It’s well known that vampires do not like the taste of werewolf blood, generally keeping us safe from them, unless we stumble into their territory. But when that vampire tasted my blood, he didn’t seem repulsed. Just the opposite. And I don’t know what it was that he said, but the way he said it gave me goose bumps. Whatever it is, it can’t be good for me.
I don’t know how long we drive before we stop. When the trunk opens, I’m ready to jump out, not that I'll get far with my arms and legs bound, but I have to try. However, the vampire anticipates me and snatches me out of mid-air.
“Not so fast, my tasty treat. I have big plans for you. And if you play your cards right, perhaps Prince Keenan will keep you alive as a blood bag.” A blood bag? Death would be preferable.
He carries me over his shoulder again. We walk toward a building that you would expect to be owned by vampires. It’s dark, gloomy, and gothic looking. Gargoyles at the corners of what looks like an old castle. The only lights that I can see from inside look red and cruel, like what I’d expect in a low-class brothel.
When we walk in, the screams that are coming from somewhere in front of me make my blood run cold. It’s the sound of pain and fear and death. Along with that sound is the sickening sound of lustful grunting, slurping and flesh being ripped apart presumably by sharp teeth.
I don’t know what to expect, but when I’m put on my feet, I’m in a room filled with vampires and humans. The smell of blood and death is nearly overwhelming to my sensitive nose. The fear is so palpable that it feels like you could cut it with a knife.
I'm turned to face a vampire on a throne. Again, it feels so cliché that if I wasn’t disgusted by what is going on around me, I'd laugh. The throne is metal the color
12 +15 BONOS
of pewter covered in a blood red cushioning across the back, seat and arm rests. I can’t tell how tall the vampire is, I’m assuming he’s the prince, but the chair back sits about six inches higher than his head.
It takes the vampire prince a moment to acknowledge us. His eyes are closed and he is sucking on the wrist of a young man who is going pale and having trouble standing while a female, I can’t tell her age, is being forced to go down on him. He has a grip on her head and is shoving himself into her mouth at a brutal pace. I can see her fists punching against his legs as I watch his body tense up and he holds her there until she stops fighting. Once he’s finished, he pulls her off and she drops to the floor, dead. I realize he just suffocated her while he orgasmed in her mouth.
His eyes track to mine as he continues to suck on the wrist of the man that is now on his knees, his eyes going dim as the vampire drains him of his blood. He pulls his lips off the man’s wrist, his mouth making a sickening suction sound. The man also falls to the floor, dead.
The vampire prince takes a linen napkin and wipes his mouth as if he just finished dining in a fine restaurant. He looks at the leader behind me.
+ 
###Chapter 161
“Sebastian, what have you brought me?”
“Sire” He kneels, dragging me to the floor with him. He looks up at the prince. “I have found one.” The prince’s eyes dart back to me, going wild with lust. “Are you sure?” he asks,
his voice covetous.
Sebastian grabs my arm, holding it out to the prince. “Taste her for yourself. I only had enough to ensure I was right about her. She took out four of our coven before I was able to stop her. That’s how I knew.”
Without taking his eyes off me, the prince stalks over, grabbing my arm and running his nose across my wrist. His eyes close but not before I see the hunger in them. His fangs come out and almost gently, he slides them into my wrist.
The moment he tastes my blood, his eyes go red and his grip on my arm tightens painfully. He begins to groan lewdly while sucking my blood. He finally tears himself away.
“She is untouched, pure.” His vulgar purr has bile rising in my throat. He raises his voice over the cacophony in the room. “No one touches her but me.”
He looks back at Sebastian. “We have a new batch coming in tomorrow. You may have first choice of the feeders. For now,” He runs a finger down my cheek. I attempt to pull away but Sebastian holds my head in place. “I will take you to your room. I want to keep you close.”
He grabs my arm and pulls me to my feet. He looks at Sebastian. “You did well, go find something to eat and take your pleasure. Find me when you are done.”
Sebastian nods and as I’m pulled away, I see him to go to a cage I hadn’t noticed before. There are humans cowering and whimpering inside. He opens the door and finds a boy, he can’t be older than 5, pulling him out. The boy screams as Sebastian sinks his fangs into his neck, practically ripping his head off before throwing him aside and grabbing an adult woman this time.
The prince takes me to a room that is beautifully decorated. It’s so different than the rest of the dark and gloomy castle. This room is white and airy. “This will be your room from now on. Do not try to leave. The walls are lined with silver.” He walks up to me, sliding his hand down my hair, pulling the duct tape off my mouth. “You will be treated well here. I will not allow others to feed on you, I will not allow anyone to defile you. I want your delicious blood to remain untainted as
+15 BONOS it is today, just for me.”
He gestures around the room. “While you are in this room, you may do as you like. If you want books, you need only to ask. You will be provided three meals a day, heavy on the iron as I will require your blood daily. You will have everything you want or need within reason.”
“And if I refuse?” I ask him. Does he think that this is some great honor for me?
He turns to look at me. “I am putting you here in recognition of your status as a Guardian. The elite of the werewolf and in some ways, even more elite than other supernaturals. But do not think that I will not take all of this away and keep you.
the cells with the other blood bags if you offend me. Your life can be much worse than it will be. Cross me and maybe I grow tired of you and give you to my coven to allow them to feed on you. I promise, they will not be as gentlemanly as I am.”
With that, he tosses me a key to my restraints and walks out the door, locking me in my well decorated prison.
The trauma of the day and the mental echos of the screams from the feeding room have exhausted me and I fall onto the bed. The horrible sounds and things I have witnessed today will haunt me for the rest of my life. 
###Chapter 162
Chapter 0162 One month ago
Five months. Five months I’d been searching for Eli Gunnar and I finally have him cornered. He’s wily, I'll give him that, but he won't get away from me this
time.
I'm sitting outside a seedy hotel off of Interstate—10 in fucking No Where’s Ville Texas. I’m ready to snag this asshole and finally get him back home. We have the place surrounded. We've laid eyes on him and we’ve made up a story to the 15 year old human idiot running the front desk about us being US Marshalls and this guy being on the run. Whatever. That’s just so the cops aren’t called giving him a chance to sneak away like he did the last time.
As I watch, he comes out his door, looking around before closing it behind him. He has his bag over his shoulder. Looks like he’s about to move again. We caught up to him just in time.
My guys move in and surround him. He throws his bag to the ground and prepares to fight, but they shoot several darts of wolfsbane and it only takes a minute for him to drop. I get out of the car and walk over to him. He’s still conscious when I grab his hair pulling his face up to mine. “Got you, you sack of shit. Now you will pay for what you have done.”
I've had Eli in my dungeons for nearly a month. For the first week, I didn’t even ask him anything, just used him as a punching bag. I have so much pent-up
anger
and frustration and he’s the perfect asshole to take it out on. All of my rage of being alone most of my life, my frustration at losing Cara, my annoyance at having to choose a Luna that I don’t feel is worthy of the title because I can’t find my fated me, all of that comes out when I walk into that dungeon room.
It's surprising, really, that I haven't killed him yet. The man can take a beating, that’s for sure. I’ve started to wonder if he has some alpha blood in him. I’m not sure my own Beta could have lasted this long.
I wipe his blood from my hands and turn to him. “Why did you do it?”
It's the same question I’ve asked him every day for the past three weeks. Why did he kill my mother?
His answer is always the same. “I didn’t kill her.”
I look at him, his arms are restrained by silver cuffs over his head to a bolt in the
ceiling. He is hanging, his feet dragging on the ground, unable to hold himself up.
“Wrong answer. You were found holding her dead and bloodied body. Why did you do it?”
He lifts his head, one eye completely swollen shut, the other barely a slit. “I didn’t do it. i told you, I didn’t do it.”
“Right, because you’re such a stand-up guy. Is that why you tried to force Cara Nelson into a mate bond? Because you're such a great person?”
“What I did to Cara was wrong and I admit that. She didn’t deserve what I did to her and I will pay my penance for that, but I didn’t kill your mother.”
I punch him in the gut. “Kind of hard to deny what you did to Cara. You were a little too obvious about that one. But you were found with my mother’s body in your arms. Her dead body.” I grab his hair, pulling his head up so he has to look at me. “So just admit it. After all this time, aren’t you tired of denying what you did? Just admit it and I can end this torture. I'll give you a quick death. Continue to deny it, and this,” I gesture around the room, “will continue.”
He looks at me, spitting blood at my feet. “I. Did. Not. Do. It.” He enunciates each word.
“Fine. Have it your way.” I lay into him for another 20 minutes before he’s unconscious.
“Unhook him, give him enough food and water to keep him alive.” I tell the guards watching him. “Contact me if anything changes.”
I head upstairs. The dungeons are in the basement under the packhouse. They have reinforced walls and ceilings so that anything that happens down here cannot be heard outside these walls. Werewolves are violent by nature, but that doesn’t mean that pups and pregnant mothers need to hear me beating the shit
out of someone. When I get to the top of the stairs, I find Dustin waiting for me. “What’s up?” I ask.
He looks me over before turning. “I'll walk with you to your room, looks like you could use a shower.” I look down at myself. I’m covered in blood. I hadn’t even realized it. I quickly look up to see that there is no one in the part of the
packhouse. I would need to be more careful. 
###Chapter 163
Chapter 0163 Dustin gives me an update on warrior training, patrols, and rogue attacks as we walk to my room.
I still feeling like something is crawling under my skin. The feeling has been getting worse lately. I had thought that capturing Eli would help. When it didn’t, I had hoped that beating the shit out of him and getting a confession would help. The confession hasn't come but the beatings have done nothing to ease this feeling.
I hop in the shower as Dustin continues to update me on the pack status. When I get out, he’s looking at me and I don't like the look in his eyes. “What?” I ask.
“You know what. You’re crashing Liam. You're starting down the road to going feral. You need to choose a Luna and take a mate. You can’t continue this pace alone.”
“I had a Luna.” I snarl at him. “She didn’t want me.”
“Wrong.” He says. He’s the only member of my pack that is able to challenge me and get away with it. It’s because he'll challenge me that he’s my Beta. “She chose her fated mate. If he hadn’t been her mate, you don’t know what her choice would have been. It’s been six months Liam. It’s time to start thinking about who would make a good mate for you and Luna for this pack.
I turn to him, slamming my fist on the bathroom counter. “You don’t think I know that? You don't think I’ve looked? That I’ve tried to find someone who I think is worthy to run this pack with me? I started running this pack long before I became Alpha. I know the pressure, the responsibility that comes with this job. Do you think there is a she—wolf in this pack that could handle that? Handle me?”
“What about Alpha Christopher’s daughter? She’s an alpha by blood. She’s been trained to be a Luna all her life.” He says quietly.
I look at him like he has two heads. “That meek, mild little thing? How the hell am I supposed to take someone like that to my bed? I need a partner, someone that can match me in strength, someone who is fierce, not just a Luna who orders. napkins when we run out.” I push past him, walking into my closet to get dressed.
“I'm going into the city to find someone to stick my dick in. Someone not from our pack. Tomorrow...” I'm cut off as the patrols mind link both Dustin and me. “Alpha, Beta. We have a breach at the border.” +15 BONOS
“Rogues?” Dustin asks.
“Well, it's A rogue, but you need to come.”
“Xavior, you can’t handle a single rogue on your own?”
“It's not that Beta. Please, can one of you just come, or better yet, both of you.”
Dustin and I look at each other. “I'll take care of it.” He says, but I'm already shaking my head.
“Til come.”
We head out, jogging to the border where the breach has happened. We’re almost there when the most delicious scent of raspberries and cream hits my nose. Cyran, who has been mostly quiet since Cara’s birthday, sits up in my head. Cyran?*
He doesn’t say anything, but I can feel his interest in this rogue. As we walk to where they have the prisoner, I can see that one of my men has a woman in his arms. As soon as I see her, a vicious snarl erupts from of my chest. Cyran pushes forward taking an aggressive stance pack mate. Dustin moves in front of me. “Alpha?” He asks.
Et Our “Mate.” Cyran says before pushing past Dustin and snatching her out of Xavior’s arms.
I look down at the small, frail girl in my arms. Her skin is so pale it's almost opaque. Her white hair is in tangles around her face. Her face is gaunt as if she hasn’t eaten in too long. From what I can see around the jacket that is her only clothing, her body is riddled with puncture wounds.
‘Cyran, is she human?*
I pull her closer, inhaling her scent. ‘No, she’s not human, but her wolf is silent, absent.
It wouldn’t matter if she was human. She’s my mate, the one the Moon Goddess made for me. I don’t care who or what she is, she’s mine now.
Her scent, her delicious scent, has immediately eased the uncomfortable feeling that has been eating at me for months. It’s like my body just remembered that it belongs inside my skin and has stopped fighting against itself. A peace that I’ve never felt before washes over me.
“Mate.” I repeat. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 164
Chapter 0164 Current Day
I’ve lost track of how many years I have been in this hell. The feeding room, aptly named on my first night, is where I am taken every night. Every night the humans are brought in to feed on. Every missing person that is never found, every runaway child, even many of the individuals that are trafficked are captured and killed by vampires.
The night after I arrived, Sebastian chose his feeder. Surprisingly, he didn’t kill her. She has been here as long as I have. Unfortunately for her, he has no problem raping her while he’s feeding. She stopped crying a long time ago. Most of the humans. don’t survive the first night. If they do, they never survive the second. I’ve been forced to watch every day as men, women, children, elderly, it doesn’t matter, they are brought in, used, fed on and in some instances when the vampires become overcome with bloodlust, ripped apart.
The sounds of screaming, crying, pleading, and dying have become the music that I am forced to listen to day after endless day. There was only one time when I was given a reprieve from being fed on. When another vampire coven came to visit, Prince Keenan thought to share me with the royalty of the visiting coven. I nearly died from the loss of blood. Prince Keenan had to kill the other vampire in order to get him off me, ripping him away from my neck, barely missing my carotid artery.
I was given three days to rest. The only three days of rest I’ve had since I arrived here so many years ago. Sometimes when I’m being fed on, I wonder what it is that I've done to deserve this. My life has been anything but easy. Alessia is rarely in my head anymore. In the beginning, she was strong and able to heal me quickly. Over time, my bite marks have started to scar, and she is only able to heal the worst of my puncture wounds. The marks are everywhere on my body, wherever Prince Keenan chooses to feed on me. They are on my arms, my legs, my breasts, my inner thighs, my backside. Anywhere and everywhere he has wanted to feed on me he has.
I learned early on not to fight it. If I fight him, he kills someone. He won't hurt me, he won’t kill me. In some ways he’s become addicted to my blood. So, he won't do anything to me. But he makes sure I know that whatever he does to someone else is because I defied him. So, I learned not to defy him.
It doesn’t mean he doesn't kill. He does, almost every night. I just know that there is nothing that I can do to prevent it. +15 BONOS
The massive orgies that take place nightly are disgusting to watch. Vampires really do love to have sex with whoever they are feeding on. They don’t care how much they hurt them. Most seem to prefer it if their food is in pain. The crying and screaming seems to only incite them in their blood lust.
Sebastian’s girl is the only one that is different. She and I have created a bond. After the second night, I realized that Sebastian wasn't going to kill her. He didn’t mind hurting her, he raped her nightly as he fed on her, but he never injured her so badly that it killed her. She eventually ended up in a room similar to mine. I’ve seen her as we are being escorted to the feeding room at night.
She had been there several months before we made eye contact. Maybe it was because I needed a distraction, maybe because she was the only one to have survived so long. Maybe we were both curious about the only other person in the room that was left alive night after night. She had given up crying and pleading. She, like me, learned to take it and get through it.
On this night, Prince Keenan was between my legs, feeding on my inner thigh, hist disgusting tongue licking me. He had someone bent over and was raping them as he fed on me, one hand holding them down, the other holding my thigh to his mouth. I could hear the sounds of their pain and suffering as he continued his relentless pounding, grunting his pleasure as he fed on me.
?+15 BONOS
###Chapter 165
I was searching for an escape from the madness, when my eyes locked with hers. Sebastian had her up against the wall, feeding on her while he pounded into her. We stared at each other, holding onto the others‘ gaze like a lifeline. As she looked at me, she silently said, “I’m here.” My heart fluttered and I returned her words with my own silent words, “You're not alone.”
It became our nightly routine. We'd lock eyes and when our vampires were busy, we’d mouth those words to each other. I think that may have been the only thing that kept me alive, kept me going. Especially once I could no longer hear Alessia. I felt so alone until that moment.
“Guardian.” Prince Keenan purrs in his vulgar way. “I require more blood
tonight, take off your top.” While the prince did not ever rape me, and he did not let any of the other vampires touch me, he did find repulsive ways to make his feeding sexual. Tonight would be no different. He had an insatiable appetite, some nights taking three or more humans, usually killing all of them as he fed.
I do as he asks, removing the ridiculous excuse of a top. It barely covers me and is see through. When I take it off, he grabs me, pulling me to him, sinking his fangs into my breast so that his foul tongue can lick my nipple while he feeds. He grabs another female and forces himself inside her mouth. I know how this will go. I saw it the first night I was here. And it’s something he seems to get off on.. Strangling a woman by suffocating her during his orgasm. When his eyes close in his lust, I look for my friend, my only lifeline in this hellhol
I find her, her eyes had already found me. We mouth our words back and forth to each other. Our eyes locked on each other, our only sanity.
Just as the prince is about to finish, there is a loud bang at the front of the castle. The doors fly open and gas canisters are thrown into the room.
The vampires are immediately up and running to counteract the intrusion. Wooden darts and bullets go flying across the room. Vampires start dropping, aging and turning to dust in front of my face. I’m too shocked to move. I stay where I am waiting for death to come. I’m surprised when someone throws a jacket over my shoulders. “You’re okay now. We're here to rescue you. You can come with me. You're safe.”
The man says this even though there is still screaming all around the room. I see others gathering up the humans and helping to get them out, the vampires running, trying to escape the bullets that are still whizzing around the room.
+15 BONOS
I'm taken outside and it’s the first time I’ve been outside in all the years I've been here. I was able to open the window in my room, but it had silver bars and I wasn’t able to escape. Tears well up in my eyes, as I realize that I've been released from my hellish prison. The man that has escorted me out of the building helps me into a truck. I’m given some oxygen and laid ona stretcher.” The medics will be here to check on you in a minute. Just stay here, you are safe now.”
“Wait.” I say, wanting to know who these people are that have saved me. “Who are you?”
He smiles kindly at me. “We're from a guild of hunters. We hunt the supernatural and kill them. You don’t have to worry, we're very good at what we do.” He pats my hand before stepping out of the truck.
Hunters? I’ve gone from one hell to another. If they find out what I am, they will kill me, or worse, imprison me and keep me as their lab rat. I need to get out of here.
I go to stand and see another person on a stretcher next to me. She reaches out her hand and clasps mine. She pulls her oxygen mask away from her face. It's my friend. “Go, I don’t know what you are, but I know you’re not human. Ill cover for you. Go.” 
###Chapter 166
Chapter 0166 “What's your name?” I ask her.
“Sarah. Now go, your secret is safe with me, Guardian.” She stresses the word. Guardian is the only thing that anyone called me here, so that is what she knows
meas.
I thank her before checking to see if anyone is around. It’s chaos and everyone is running, either hunting vampires or bringing people out to the trucks. I hop out. of the truck and skirt around several others, keeping to the shadows until I get to a forest line. Once I hit the forest, I run.
I've been running for days. I’ve found water easily, rinsing off the smell of the vampires and the left over blood from my last night with the vampires. Food, however, has been impossible for me to find. Without Alessia to hunt for me, and in my weakened state, I haven't been able to catch anything. I’ve found some berries and some other plants that I can eat to keep me alive, but nothing substantial enough to keep up the pace that I need in order to get far away from
my past.
At night, I find caves or trees to climb trying to keep myself safe from large predators or vampires that may be out running from the hunters as well.
Based on the direction of the sun rising and setting, I’m heading south. I remember all those years ago, that my family had been heading north and that is what brought us into vampire territory. I don’t know where the coven was in relation to where we were found, but south seemed as good an option as any, and I’ve kept to that direction. Eventually, I'll get to the ocean, if I survive that long.
I've been walking today. It’s been a day since I had water and too many days to count since I’ve had a real meal. I’m ready to sit down and rest when I hear the sound that I haven’t heard in years. The howl of a wolf. It’s not just any howl, it’s the sound of a wolf on the hunt.
I don’t know if it is hunting me, or if I’m just in the vicinity of where it is hunting, but when I hear others taking up the hunt, I begin to run. I know I can’t outrun them, but maybe, maybe if I can find a lake or river, I can swim to safety.
How do I keep getting into these situations? First vampires, then hunters, now werewolves. I’m so tired, maybe it’s not worth the fight anymore. I could be with my parents again. There would be no more pain, no more suffering.
1/2 +15 BONOS
I hear the pounding of paws closing in on me. I'm running as fast as I can, darting around tress and bushes until I run right into a clearing. I only get a couple of steps when three wolves come out of the woods from the other side. I stop dead in my tracks. I’m about to turn and run in a different direction when I hear another two come up behind me.
“Please.” I beg. I don’t even know what I’m begging for, I just know that I don’t want to be caught and imprisoned again. “Please, no.” I say before exhaustion takes over and the darkness sinks in.
+ 
###Chapter 167
I carry my mate to the alpha floor. I’ve been the only person living on this floor since my mother died when I was 6 years old. My father wouldn’t set foot up here again after her death and moved into a dwelling away from the packhouse. He gave me the choice and I stayed here, preferring to live in familiar surroundings to living with my grieving father.
I've mind linked the pack doctor to meet me here and I make my way to the room across the hall from mine. I don’t know if she will recognize me as her mate, so I want her to have her own space until she is healed and we can talk.
I lay her down on the bed as Dr. Phillips knocks. “Alpha?”
“Dr. Phillips, come in.” She comes over to the bed and takes in the state of my mate. She immediately begins setting up her medical supplies. “Alpha, can you take off her jacket and any other clothes she’s wearing while I get set up?”
I see Dustin hovering in the doorway and I growl at him. “No males on this floor until I say so.” He backs away and Dr. Phillips looks at me curiously.
I take off the jacket and see that she’s not wearing anything else underneath. A vicious snarl rips from my mouth when I see the state of her body. She is covered in bite marks. I hear the doctor gasp behind me and turn to her. “Are those...?” I ask.
She nods. “Vampire bites.” She walks slowly to the bed, taking in the multiple scars and punctures in various stages of healing. They are everywhere. “Oh this poor woman. Where did you find her?”
“She stumbled across our border and passed out.”
She looks at me. “Do we know of any active vampire covens in the area?” I shake my head. As she begins her initial exam, I mind link Dustin. “Find out everything you know about vampires in a hundred mile radius.”
“Yes Alpha.” I cut the mind link as the doctor looks at me. “Help me roll her over.”
I snarl again when I see that her back is no better than her front. Cyran is thrashing in my head that someone would do this to our mate.
Dr. Phillips puts an IV into her arm and begins giving her fluids. She takes blood and looks at me. “I need to test her blood and see if it can tell us anything. On
+15 BONOS
examination, I can tell you she’s dehydrated, malnourished and I would guess anemic and low on blood platelets.” She looks at my mate and then at me. “Dos
know if she has a wolf?”
“Cyran said her wolf is dormant.” I answer her without taking my eyes off this frail girl. How can this small woman be my fated mate. She looks like she will break if I touch her.
“Is she...?” Dr. Phillips asks, wanting to know if she’s my mate. I nod my head before looking at her. “Yes, but only a few people know that, and I want to keep it that way.
“Yes, Alpha.” She says before packing up her things. “I'll take her blood, test it and be back when I have results and will check her again then. Contact me if anything changes in the meantime.”
I nod and pull up a chair. I'll be staying here tonight, keeping watch over my girl. As she leaves, Dr. Phillips turns to look at me. “Congratulations Alpha.”
“Let's wait to congratulate me until we save her.” I tell the doctor. Looking at her, I’m not sure this woman will survive the night. As I settle in to keep vigil over my fragile mate, Dustin mind links me. “Alpha.”
“What did you find out?” I ask, wanting to know how close the risk is to our pack. If she escaped a coven, they may be looking for her and I want to be ready. Vampires and werewolves don’t cross paths very often, but when we do, it usually ends in a bloody mess.
“There are some covens in a one-hundred-mile radius. I didn’t hear anything in particular about them searching for a missing girl.” I sigh, I was hoping for more. “However, I expanded the search and nearly 170 miles north of us, there was a coven that was raided by hunters about nine days ago. From what I hear, they were killing a lot of humans which put them on the hunter's radar. From the little I have gotten so far, it sounds like the coven prince had a favorite blood bag.” He stops, I wait him out. “It sounds like this girl.” 
###Chapter 168
Chapter 0168 “Do we know the status of the coven and if this prince escaped the hunters?” I ask. “Not
yet, I just wanted to let you know what I found. Are you still going into the city tonight?” He asks me. I look at my mate. I won’t be going into the city looking for someone to warm my bed ever again. I finally found her and no matter what I have to do, I’m going to make sure that she never leaves...
“No, I'll be staying here. If you find out anything else, link me. 13
After a couple of hours, the doctor returns. Her initial assessment was correct. ” Alpha. We can give her blood but we’ve never had to do that with a werewolf before. I don’t know if she will accept it.”
I shake my head. “Let’s see what her body will do to heal her before we take those drastic measures.”
Aweek goes by, and my little mate hasn’t opened her eyes. Dr. Phillips says that she is healing slowly. Having me by her side, even if she doesn’t feel the mate bond, is helping her.
I've barely left her side. I’ve had Dustin bring me anything that needs my attention. I only allow him and Dr. Phillips on this floor. I still haven't decided what to tell the pack, but until she wakes up, I don’t want anyone disturbing her.
When Dr. Phillips arrives for her morning check, I leave to shower and change clothes. I mind link Dustin asking if there is anything that needs my attention.
“What do you want us to do with Eli Gunnar?”
I haven't been back down to the dungeons since my mate arrived. I don’t want to leave her right now. Her medical condition has been tenuous, and I wouldn’t forgive myself if something happened while I was away from her.
“Let him sit for now. I need to focus on her. Make sure he’s got enough food and water to stay alive, otherwise he can wait.” “Yes Alpha.” He doesn’t close the mind link, so I know there’s something else. “What is it, Dustin?
“I got more information on the vampire coven up north. The vampire prince and some of his top men escaped the hunters. From what I've heard, he and his nest
+15 BONOS mates took over a weaker coven and that he is gaining in power.” He hesitates again and I growl at him through the link. “Get to the point.”
“The word is that they are looking for two women. One is described as pale with white hair. The bounty on her safe return to the vampire prince is 5 million dollars.”
I stop mid—step. Five million dollars? For a werewolf? Vampires don’t even like. our taste. They don’t feed on us at all. I’ve heard they describe our taste as muddy garbage. So then, why is a vampire prince after my mate?
“Double the patrols. I want to know the instant anyone picks up a strange scent.” I think about it. “Have you ever smelled a vampire before?” I ask my Beta.
“Just once, and it’s not a smell you forget. It’s a disgusting sickly sweet smell.”
“Did you happen to smell it on my mate when we found her?”
“No offense Alpha, you didn’t really let any of us get close enough to her, but I’ll ask Xavier if he noticed anything off about her scent before we got there.”
“Alert the patrol to be on the hunt for that scent. If they come across it anywhere near our territory or the human city, they are to inform you and I immediately.”
“Yes Alpha.”
The mind link closes, and I finish getting dressed, trying to figure out why a vampire would be so interested in my mate. What is it about her? Cyran can feel that she has a wolf, so her taste should be repugnant to the vampires.
My mind is filled with these thoughts as I return to her room, my nameless mate. Because I’m so deep in my thoughts, it takes me a moment to realize that her eyes are open and she’s staring at me wide-eyed. As I watch, the fear I see is replaced with a look of dread and resolve.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 169
I'm back in hell. The screams, the fear, the blood, it surrounds me. How did I end up back here? I thought I had escaped. I thought I was free. I try to remember what happened, but I can’t. My senses are overwhelmed by the sounds and smell of the feeding room.
The panic I feel only intensifies as I look around and I don’t see my friend. Sarah. How do I know her name? I can’t remember, but she’s not here. It’s only me and all of the dying humans. Maybe I’m dead. This isn’t where I expected to end up. I thought I'd be with my parents, someplace safe.
Almost as if the Moon Goddess heard me, I catch the scent of the forest. The scent. that I loved so long ago when mother and I would walk around, gathering plants and herbs. The scent gets stronger when suddenly, it surrounds me and I am no longer in the vampire’s den, but I’m back in the woods.
I'm still alone, but it feels safe here. It reminds me a better time, when things were good in my life. I begin walking around, not really knowing where I am or where I’m going. I find a sunny spot and lay down in the sun. I’m so tired, and the sun feels so good on my skin that I fall asleep.
I wake up again in the forest. I look around me. I’m still alone but the feeling safety is still here. I take a deep breath. I forgot how much I love the smell of the forest. The fresh air, the slight scent of pine, the clean scent of the earth after a rain. I can smell it all and it makes my heart soar.
If I'm dead, shouldn’t my parents be here? I stand and begin calling for them. I walk around continuing my search. Buy they are not here. There are only the sounds forest, birds chirping, a stream nearby bubbling as the water passes over rocks, crickets and frogs singing their songs in the grass.
Peace. It’s a feeling I’ve forgotten. But now that I am feeling it again, I don’t ever want to lose it.
I don’t know how long I’m here, sleeping when I’m tired, enjoying the forest around me when I’m awake. Nothing changes, it’s just me and nature.
Then one day, I hear something. A voice, from far off. I quietly follow the sound trying to find the source. It’s a masculine voice and it’s the most attractive voice I've ever heard. There is something about it that draws me in.
I hear a soft purring sound in my head. “Alessia?” There is no response, but the purr increases a bit. “Oh Alessia. If you can hear me, I’ve missed you so much. I love you. I’m trying to figure out where we are and maybe you can get stronger.
+15 BONOS As I've spoken to Alessia, the masculine voice has stopped and Alessia’s purring stops as well, leaving me alone again.
This continues off and on, until one day, I hear a feminine voice talking to the masculine voice. Alessia growls in my head. ‘What is it girl? Is it danger?‘ I ask my wolf.
It doesn't feel like danger, it feels like....jealousy. That’s odd. Why would Alessia or I feel jealous over two people talking. The masculine voice stops and the smell of the forest around me dims. The feminine voice continues, and I feel a strange tugging on my arms. When the tugging has stopped and the sounds of the woman are gone, Alessia quietly says ‘Wake up.*
‘Alessia? Alessia are you back?”
‘Not yet, my sweet Angel, but I’m getting there. You need to wake up so I can get. even stronger.’ 
###Chapter 170
Chapter 0170 ‘lll do anything for you, just tell me what I need to do.’ ‘Open your eyes.’
I didn’t realize that my eyes were closed, but as soon as she says it, I open them. I’m no longer in the forest. I’m in a room, lying on a bed. As I look around, I see that I am attached to some sort of line that is dripping something into my body. I immediately reach up and rip it out. I pull it to my nose. It smells like saline. I don’t smell any poison or wolfsbane in it.
I feel weak, but I need to figure out where I am. This room isn’t the one I’ve been living in at the vampire coven. This one feels softer, nicer...safer. What a weird word for a bedroom. Clean, tidy, comfortable, those are words to describe a room. Safe is not one of them and I am not safe. I don’t know where I am, but I know that I have to get out of here before someone finds me awake.
I start to get up when I realize that I am naked. Yep, definitely not safe. Looking down at my body, I can still see the remnants of that last night in the feeding room. The wounds are healing and don’t look like they will scar as badly as some of the others. Maybe Alessia is getting stronger and is helping me to heal.
Before I have a chance to figure out what I want to do, I hear footsteps in the hallway. I immediately lay back down, pulling the blankets back up and over me to cover myself as much as I can. I have no intention of meeting a stranger naked.
When he walks in, he is a giant of a man. His size and build immediately remind me of my father. His hair is a sandy blond color. It probably gets lighter when he’s in the sun. His eyes are a beautiful shade of green. It reminds me of when my mother and I would find wild sage in the woods. And his scent. Oh goddess, his scent is of the forest. It’s the same scent that pulled me out of my hellish nightmare and placed me into the forest. It’s wild and clean and familiar. I take a deep breath, wanting to smell more and that’s when I get the scent. The scent of an alpha.
I catch the whiff of his alpha aura just before his eyes latch onto mine. I immediately grab hold of the fear that is threatening to drown me and pull it back. I know how to manage fear. I've become adept at managing my terror. I shut it down. I pull all emotions back and wait for what is to come. I know I can handle it, no matter what it is.
He has stopped walking and is just looking at me. “You’re awake.”
It's not a question, so I don’t answer him. I continue to wait, to see what fate has +15 BONOS
in store for me now.
He watches me as he slowly moves toward me, as if he’s afraid to spook me. “My name is Liam. You stumbled into my pack over a week ago. You were near death and my doctor has been taking care of you.” His eyes track to my arm that is bleeding from where I ripped the catheter out. I swear I can hear him sigh.
“We were giving you IV fluids and some liquid nutrition as you were dehydrated and malnourished when you arrived. You were also low on blood and your blood. platelets were low, which is probably why your blood isn’t clotting. Here.” He goes to take my arm and I instinctively jerk it back, holding it against my body...
He growls softly at me. “I’m not a leech. Your blood is of no interest to me, except I don’t want you bleeding out after I’ve expended so much energy to keep you alive.” He puts his hand out. “Give me your arm.” It’s not a request and I don’t really have any other options. 
###Chapter 171
I put my hand in his, palm up. Tingles immediately flow up my arm, causing me to jerk and look up at him. The smirk on his face does nothing to ease my discomfort.
Gently, he pulls my arm up to his mouth, keeping his eyes on mine. When he looks down at my arm, I see his aggravation at the state it’s in. “Did you have to rip it out so violently?” It seems like a rhetorical question, so again, I don’t
answer.
He leans down and licks the wound, sealing it closed. I’m only just able to stop the moan that tries to leave my mouth. What the heck? His tongue on my skin feels nothing like the vampire prince’s tongue. His felt dirty and disgusting. This man’s, Liam’s, feels pleasurable. It's completely unexpected and very much unwanted.
He sits down in a chair that is next to the bed. He looks at me a moment before asking, “Can you talk?”
“Yes.” I try to say, but my mouth is so dry and is comes out in a choking cough. Liam is immediately back on his feet, grabbing me a glass of water. He gently puts it to my mouth so I can drink it. The cool water soothes my raw throat and I close my eyes a moment as I enjoy the feeling.
I open my eyes and pull back. Liam’s eyes are on me, watching me. “Drink the rest of it.” He says as he puts it back to my lips. I watch him as I drink the rest of it down.
“Better?” He asks me. I nod and he raises an eyebrow at me. “Yes.” I reply and this time I don’t choke on the word. “Good.” He puts the glass down and returns to his chair. “What is your name?”
“Angel.”
He smiles. “That's fitting, you look like an angel.”
“Where are you from?” He asks his next question. I shrug, I don’t really know how to answer that one.
“Were you always a rogue?”
“No.”
“What pack were you from?” His rapid fire questions are getting answers out of me before I’m ready, but this one stops me short. +15 BONOS
“Are you going to send me back there?”
“No. You won't be going back there.”
“Then what difference does it make?” I ask him.
“Why were you running from your pack?”
“Why do you think I was running from them?” I answer back.
“No wolf goes rogue without a good reason. Did you kill someone in your pack and run?”
I scoff at him. I know rogues aren’t well liked by packs, and many are violent offenders kicked out of their pack if they aren’t killed, but not all rogues are bad. Sometimes they leave their pack to escape their alphas, like my family did.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Didn't kill someone or didn’t run?”
“Why do you care?” I’m getting aggravated. His questions are making my head spin.
“As Alpha, it is my duty to ensure the safety of the pack. I need to know if you are a danger.”
“I'm no danger to your pack. I'll be happy to leave just as soon as I get something to wear.” I retort.
“You're not going anywhere.” He states and I know my face goes pale. He
doesn’t even know I’m a Guardian yet and he’s already unwilling to let me go. I need to find a way to escape before Alessia gets back up to full strength and it becomes obvious what she is. 
###Chapter 172
+15 BONOS
When I walk back into the room and see my mate awake, Cyran immediately
starts purring in my head. The sound is so unexpected that it takes me a second to respond. “The fuck Cyran?” “What? She’s our mate. She's beautiful, perfect.’
Great, my wolf is already head over heals for this tiny girl. I’m not there yet. I have a lot of questions.
I don’t know how much she remembers, but I figure an introduction and quick update would be helpful. I’m annoyed when I see that she’s pulled out the IV. I'm desperately trying to keep her alive and the first thing she does when she wakes up is try to undo what I’ve been working so hard to do.
I'm even more pissed at her response to me wanting to heal her. I know I shouldn’t be. She’s been in a vampire coven for who knows how long. It’s a
question I intend to get the answer to today. Her scars make it seem like it’s been a long time, or maybe the whole fucking coven was feeding on her at once, who knows.
I can’t help but smile when she tells me her name is Angel. Yeah, that’s completely fitting, at least on the outside. I have no idea what this girl is like, but physically, she looks like an angel. ‘Our angel.’ My annoying wolf chimes in.
One important thing I find out, she doesn’t want to go back to her pack. Not only does she not want to go back to her pack, but she wants to leave mine. Not going to happen. Even if she wasn’t my mate, the bounty on her head would force me to keep her here. I don’t like how pale she gets when I tell her she’s not leaving. Did something happen to her in her old pack to make her run?
I'm about to ask when there is a knock on the door. I immediately growl at the interruption. The door starts to open then stops. “Alpha?”
The scent of food drifts in from the partially opened door and Angel's stomach immediately growls in response. I look at her, damn I forgot she hasn't eaten in who knows how long. “Bring it in Dustin.”
He walks in stopping short when he sees she’s awake. He smiles at her and I want to snarl at him, but I rein it in. “Oh, you’re awake.” He says to her.
I watch as she pulls the blankets closer to her, holding them to her chest. I’m starving her and making her feel vulnerable having no clothes to wear. ‘Way to show her we can take care of our mate Liam.‘ I mentally facepalm. Cyran is right.
+15 BONDS
I was so focused on getting answers to my questions that I wasn’t thinking about
our mate.
“Dustin, can you find some clothes for Angel here.” Dustin looks at me before turning back to Angel.
“Angel. It fits. I’m Dustin, obviously.” She nods her head at him. He goes to put the tray down on her lap. Oh, hell no! He’s not getting anywhere near my mate when she’s not wearing anything under that blanket. My growl stops him short, and I grab the tray from him.
“Clothes Dustin, and another tray for me.” “Yes Alpha.” He says before leaving.
I turn back to my little mate, and damn is she small. I'm seriously hoping the Moon Goddess didn’t make a mistake choosing her for me. How can this little girl be my mate? Although, she has survived being a vampire’s blood bag, so she’s got resilience.
And who am I kidding? First, Cyran would never let me reject her. Second, I’ve been waiting my entire life for her and third, my other options are to turn feral or take someone unworthy to be my Luna. I don’t know if I'll find her worthy of me, but the Moon Goddess did, so I will have to trust that.
‘Fucking right you will. I’d go feral the moment you rejected her. Don't forget that.
The thought of Cyran going feral turns my blood cold. He’s an amazing, vicious fighter. If he were feral, we’d have to be put down. He’d become a killing machine and I know there are only one or two wolves that could take us down, Rik and Cara. I wouldn't want to put either of them in that position.
‘Relax, I’m not going to, I just...thinking.‘ I tell Cyran. ‘Well turn that train of thought off. Not going to happen.*
I get the tray of food settled on Angel's lap and watch as she slowly takes her first bite. I can see her sniffing the food before putting it in her mouth. I sit back down, ready to continue my questions while she eats.
#pid you leave the pack on your own?” I start my questions again.
She swallows her bite before responding. “No, I left with my parents.” Interesting, so it was her parents’ idea to go rogue.
“Where are your parents now?”
She stops. I can see her throat bobbing up and down as she tries to get ahold of
+15 BONOS
her emotions. Shit! I know the answer before she tells me. “Dead.” She whispers it.
I nod my head, giving her a minute. She puts her fork down but I lean over and put it back in her hand. “You need to eat. I’m sorry for your loss. How old were you?”
“I was sixteen when they were killed.”
I keep my voice gentle, hoping she'll eat while we talk. “Did the vampires kill them?” She nods. I can see the tears welling up in her eyes.
“You fucking asshole. You made our mate cry? What is wrong with you. Let me out, I can do a better job of taking care of her. You're going to scare her off.’ Cyran is ranting in my head.
‘Calm down Cyran. If the vampires killed her parents, she may never have had a chance to grieve for them.‘ He settles but is still pacing in my head.
“How long ago were they killed?” My voice still gentle. It’s not something I’m used to, being gentle, but with her, it feels natural. I also need to know how old she is. It's impossible to tell. She’s so fucking small, she could be twelve, but according to her, they died when she was sixteen. Maybe she’s still a minor.
She looks at me, her brows furrowing. “What year is it?”
I tell her and watch as she gasps, her hand going to her mouth. The tears start falling now as her eyes close. Cyran starts snarling in my head. What. The. FUCK? How fucking long did those leeches have her?
I reach over and take her hand. I don’t know if she wants my support, but right now, she has no one else. I know exactly what that feels like, so I want her to know that she’s not alone.
“Seven years.” It’s barely a whisper. “It’s been seven years.” 
###Chapter 173
Seven years? I lived in hell for seven years? Those horrible vampires took so much from me. If I ever find them... “I will kill them.‘ Alessia finishes my thought.
I don’t know how I feel about more violence. I feel like I’ve lived a lifetime of violence and I’m only 23.
I didn’t realize Liam was holding my hand until he gently squeezed it. I want to pull it away, but it feels comforting to have him holding it.
“I know this is hard. Can you eat any more? You need to get your strength back. We can talk about something else while you eat.” Liam says to me.
I look down at the food when there's another knock at the door. I smell Dustin this time and know it’s him. I hope he has clothes for me.
“Come in Dustin.” Liam responds, not releasing my hand.
Dustin comes in carrying a second tray and a bag, presumably with clothes. He hands the tray to Liam who puts it on his lap, still not releasing my hand. Dustin notices but doesn’t comment, turning to me.
“I wasn’t sure about your size. You're awfully small, so I got a couple different sizes and hope something fits.” He says putting the bag at the foot of the bed.
“We'll go shopping when you are strong enough and get you your own clothes.” Liam says. I turn to look at him. My brow furrowing. I don’t want to owe him. anything. I need to leave.
“Why would you do that?” I ask him. He raises an eyebrow at me. “Would you prefer walking around in kid’s clothes?” He asks.
I look at the bag, then back at him. He taps his nose. “I know the smell of my pack members and that includes the pups. You're a tiny little thing, so I’m guessing kid’s clothes were the best Dustin could do on short notice.” He turns to look at Dustin who is nodding in agreement.
“I had hoped to be taller.” I mumble it, but Liam’s laser focus on me let's me know he heard it. “My father was tall like you.” I say to Liam. “And my mother was considerably taller than me, but...” I let the sentence go unfinished, shrugging. Being a rogue and a blood bag didn’t exactly help my growth.
+18 BONDS
“Well, I know some she-wolves that are fierce even though they are small. Size isn’t everything.” Dustin says, smiling at me. I can’t help my answering smile. He seems nice. Liam’s low growl startles me and I try to pull my hand away, but he holds it firmly in his.
“That will be all Dustin.”
Dustin smirks behind his Alpha’s back and walks to the door before turning. “See. you soon Angel.” He says and skirts out the door before Liam can growl at him again.
Liam's focus comes back to me. He is intense. It’s hard to look away from him. It's like his eyes are magnets for mine, forcing me to look at him. “Eat.” He says. it, more gently that I would have expected.
He releases my hand and begins to eat his own food while I dig back into mine. The interruption from Dustin has helped settle me enough to eat again.
“I need to know something.” Liam starts in again. I just know I’m about to get the rapid-fire interrogation again. I sigh. “Yes?”
“When you escaped the coven, I’m assuming you escaped and weren’t released?” He pauses and I nod. “When you escaped, was it because they were attacked by hunters?”
I stop eating and stare at
“How did you
know that?”
He nods but instead of answering my question, he asks another one. “And were you the blood bag of a vampire prince?” Okay, I’m getting scared now. Is he going to give me back to the prince? Are they in some sort of an alliance?
I set my fork down. If I’m going back, I don’t want to eat. I'll just vomit it. later. “Yes.” I say quietly. “Are you going to send me back to him?”
up
He shakes his head. “No, but you need to know that he’s put a bounty on your head. Five million dollars for your safe return to him. Every vampire and bounty hunter in the US is going to be searching for you.”
My hand flies to my mouth. I may just vomit anyway.
He reaches out and takes my hand again. “You are safe here. I will keep you safe.” I begin to shake my head. He doesn’t understand.
He stands, moving his tray from his lap before taking mine and moving it as well. +15 BONOS
He sits on the edge of the bed, taking my head in between his hands. “Angel. Listen to me. I will keep you safe. I will not let him or anyone else hurt you. I know you don’t know me and obviously don’t trust me, but I have the largest and second strongest pack in the country. The pack bordering mine is the strongest pack in the country and we are allies. They will help me keep you safe if it comes to a war. No one will get to you.”
I've started hyperventilating. I can’t do it again. I can’t go back there. The only reason I survived was because of Sarah and she got away with the hunters. Liam pulls my face toward his, forcing me to look at him. “Breathe Angel.”
I'm trying to breathe but I just can’t seem to take a breath. I can’t stop thinking about going back.
The next thing I know, Liam has put his lips on mine. I have a moment where his scent overwhelms my senses and calms me before I’m so startled that I suck in air, gasping. “What are you doing?” I ask him.
He pulls back and looks at me. “You weren’t breathing, and you got stuck in your head. You needed a shock to get out of your head so you could breathe. I gave you one.” He says, shrugging.
Great, my very first kiss and it was nothing more than some sort of medical diversion. 
###Chapter 174
Seven years? No wonder I’ve never found her. My mate has been a blood bag since I came of age. If she hadn’t escaped when she did, I still wouldn’t know she exists. And because of how much time had passed, I was willing to take a chosen mate. My hatred for the vampires is overwhelming. They have kept my mate from me and they will pay for it.
When Dustin returns, he flirty interactions with Angel piss me off. I know he’s doing it intentionally, and I know a Beta should care for and respect his Luna, but he’s pushing my buttons.
It bothers me that Angel thinks I would give her back to the leech. I can tell she doesn’t recognize the mate bond, but she has a very skewed idea of that an Alpha’s role is in a pack. She may not be one of my pack members yet, but I would never send her back to the hell she must have come from. No self- respecting Alpha would. Which makes me wonder what exactly her ideas are of Alphas. Knowing that her parents left their pack, it had to be because of the Alpha. Either he was the problem, or he wasn’t willing to fix the problem. Either way, he’s given my mate a very bad impression of what an Alpha should be.
I've been running this pack since I was 10 years old. Even though my father was technically Alpha until his death, his ability to manage the pack died with my mother. His Beta, Dustin’s father, helped me to run the pack. He made sure that other packs did not take advantage of our weakness and taught me everything I needed to know.
When I turned 16, it was almost as if my father was glad that he could finally let go and be with my mother. So, taking over as Alpha was seamless. I kept Dustin’s father on as Beta until Dustin turned 18 then made his position official.
I take the role of Alpha and my responsibilities as a pack leader very seriously. I always have. So to know that there are Alphas out there that mistreat their pack members, and I do know they exist, it pisses me off. I refuse to be in an alliance with any Alpha that has a bad reputation with their pack members. And given that my pack is the strongest in the country, at least for now, most packs want some sort of an alliance with me.
I do think at the next Alpha competition that happens every four years, like the human Olympics, that Rik’s pack will emerge as the strongest. I am slightly stronger than Rik, but he has two Guardians in his pack, one now being his Luna. Clint being in a wheelchair may keep him from competing, but that doesn’t mean he wouldn't win if he did. And Cara is a force to be reckoned with. I may be
-15 BONOS
stronger than Rik, but I’m not stronger than Rik and Cara. So I expect next year when the competition is held that my standing as the strongest pack will fall, and I’m okay with that. While I haven't spoken to Cara since her birthday, I have contacted Rik periodically to let him know what is happening with Eli. I will also be filling him in on the risk of a vampire attack. Our alliance remains strong and that won't change if the Canyon Ridge Pack takes over as the strongest pack.
When I tell Angel about the bounty on her head, I knew it would upset her, but I didn’t realize how much. I need her to understand that she can’t leave. Not only will Cyran and I not allow her to leave, but now it’s a matter of safety. There will be too many people hunting her and I need her to stay where I can keep watch over her.
I realize when I can’t get Angel to focus and breathe that I need to do something to shock her system. ‘Kiss her.’ Cyran says and it's as good an idea as any.
The minute my lips touch hers, I can taste it. Raspberries and cream. Her taste is even sweeter than her smell.
I'm quickly beginning to understand Rik’s ferocity about me touching Cara after he identified her as his mate. If the roles were reversed, I would have been hard pressed not to take his head off. No one will touch my mate. No one! She’s MINE.
She's finally settled when Dr. Phillips walks in. “Oh look, our patient is awake.”
If I hadn’t been watching her so closely, I would have missed it. And I’m not even sure I saw what I think I saw. It’s not possible. It can’t be. But it was there, a moment, where Angel's eyes flashed golden. The golden eyes of the Guardian.
“I'm Dr. Phillips.” She introduces herself to Angel. “Angel.”
“Angel, it’s nice to meet you. I’ve been looking after you since you arrived here in Shadow Falls Pack. Do you mind if I take a look at...” She stops, looking at the IV that is no longer attached to Angel’s arm.
“She ripped it out.” I say, watching the exchange.
Dr. Phillips looks at me then back to Angel. “The IV only has saline and some vitamins and liquid nutrition in it. Nothing that would hurt you. As your doctor, I’m not sure that it’s a good idea to remove it yet. Would you be willing to have me reinsert it in your other arm?”
I watch as Angel's eyes track back and forth between the doctor and me. It’s obvious what she’s thinking. She doesn’t trust me and doesn’t want to be restrained in any way. But, she also isn’t willing to say so. Fear flashes in her eyes
201
+15 BONOS
momentarily before she gets it under control again. I want her healthy, but I also want her to start trusting me. “Is there another option doctor?” I ask and I see Angel’s shoulders relax slightly.
Dr. Phillips turns to me, looking pensive. “Well, if Angel can agree to drink 8 ounces of water every hour, and I mean every hour, then I could be okay with it. And she will need to eat small meals every three to four hours. Can you agree to that Angel?”
Her response is immediate. “Yes.”
“Okay, I’m going to put a form together so you can track your fluid and food intake. Alpha, who will be assisting her?” “I will.” I can see her shock at my statement, but she covers it quickly. “Yes Alpha.”
She finishes her evaluation, then prepares the form for Angel to track her water and food. “Angel, if you do not follow my orders, I will reinforce the need for the IV tomorrow, so if you don’t want the IV, you need to be diligent in your fluid and food intake overnight.”
“Thank you doctor.” I say to her and walk her to the door. She looks at me like she’s about to say something but changes her mind. “See you in the morning Alpha.”
After I close the door, I turn to my little mate. “So, I’m guessing you would like a real bath, am I right?” +15 BONOS
###Chapter 175
When the doctor first walked in and spoke to me, I recognized the voice as the one from when I was unconscious. She had been talking to Liam while I was out. I was surprised when Alessia pushed forward, ready to snarl at her. I quickly pulled her back. I can’t have her give us away. I noticed Liam looking at me, but he didn’t say anything.
When the doctor tells me she wants to hook me back up, I’m afraid I’m going to have another panic attack. I don’t want to be tethered anywhere. I’m surprised but thankful when Liam asks if there is another way. I'll do just about anything to not be tied up again. I’ve had enough of that in the last seven years.
When the doctor leaves, I relax until Liam asks about me taking a bath. If I’m honest, nothing sounds better right now than a long soak in a tub with hot water. Showers in the coven were cold because the vampires don’t feel the cold. So, I would get in and get out as fast as I could. I haven’t had a warm bath or shower since my family and I left the pack so many years ago.
I look at him weighing my desire to take a bath with the possibility that this is a trick or there is some requirement that I have to meet if I accept.
He sighs heavily. “I don’t want anything from you. I can just tell that you were running in the woods for a while before you got to my pack and before that you were in a coven for seven years. You don’t have to, and there is a shower in there as well, I just thought a bath would feel better, and I’m honestly not sure you're strong enough to stand long enough to take a shower, so the bath is probably safer.”
I look to where he pointed. I really, really want a bath. “Okay.” I say.
He smiles at me as if I just gave him the best gift in the world, and my breath catches. The man is attractive, but when he smiles? Wow! He should definitely smile more often.
“Do you need me to help you to the bath?” He asks me. Nope, sure don’t. “I think I can manage on my own, thank you.”
He nods and moves into the bathroom. In a moment, I hear the water start to run. I sit up and scoot to the edge of the bed. I pull the sheet until I can wrap it around myself then slide off the bed until my feet touch. When I try to stand, my legs won't hold my weight. I start to go down, my hands reaching out to catch me. Before I hit the floor, strong arms wrap around me and I’m lifted into Liam's
arms. +15 BONOS
He looks at me, aggravation clear on his face. He carries me bridal style to the bathroom. “Are you determined to undo everything I've done to help you heal? You could have landed on your face, broken your nose and all the healing powers of licking won't fix that. Not to mention, your blood levels are still low and an injury like that could set your recovery back who knows. how long.”
I've tucked myself against his body because when he picked me up, the sheet did not come with us. I’m naked in his arms, so I've curled up as best I can to maintain some modesty. He shifts me in his arms, holding me with one arm while he reaches in and tests the water. Seriously? How strong is he? He’s holding my entire body with one arm like I’m a child who weighs nothing.
When he’s satisfied, he gently sets me down in the water. I can’t help the moan that leaves my lips. It feels so good. The heat makes my newer punctures feel sensitive, but it immediately starts working on my sore muscles.
When he sets me down, I pull my knees to my chest, again trying to hide myself from him. However, when I look at him, he isn’t even looking at me. He’s gone to the shower and is searching through the bottles on the shelf. When he turns around, I see his eyes are glazed over. I remember that as the look of the mind link. He sets the bottles beside the tub and walks to the door.
I thought he was leaving, but he pushed the door closed, leaving it cracked a bit. He comes back, turning the water off and coming to sit behind me. “Lean back.”
I turn to look at him over my shoulder. “What?”
“I'm going to wash your hair, it’s a mess, lean back.”
I turn away from him, not sure what to do. I hear him sigh loudly before I feel his hands on my shoulders. I flinch at the touch, but he leans in to me and quietly says, “I will not hurt you. You are under my protection now and I take that very seriously. Relax.“ 
###Chapter 176
I can’t relax, but I do listen, and I lay back. I look up to see if he’s giving my body the same lecherous looks the vampires did, but he’s not. He’s focused on my hair. I frown, weird.
He puts his hand under my head, holding it above the water then takes his other hand and begins cupping water into it before pouring if over my head. I feel myself start to relax as I watch him focus on his job. He looks into my eyes. winks at me before returning to his work.
“Your eyes are a striking shade of gray. I’ve never seen eyes that color before, like a stormy sea.” and
He pushes gently on my head. “Sit up.” He says and reaches for one of the bottles. I watch as he sniffs several, the frown between his brows getting deeper until he huffs and finally picks one. He puts the shampoo in his hand, rubs it into his other hand then begins massaging it into my head. This time it’s a whimper that leaves my mouth. His fingers rubbing against my scalp feel better than anything I’ve felt in more years than I care to remember. It’s utter bliss.
I hear a noise outside the bathroom and my whole body goes stiff. Liam never stops running his fingers across my scalp. “Shhh, they are just changing the sheets while you are in here. I didn’t think you'd want to get back into dirty sheets after getting clean.” His voice is low, as if he’s talking to an injured, trapped animal, and maybe that’s how he sees me.
“Lay back.” He says and gently pushes on my shoulders. Again, he holds my head as he rinses my hair clean of the shampoo. When he pushes me back up to sit, he grabs a bottle of conditioner and rubs it into my hair. Then he grabs a brush and starts to gently work his way through the tangled mess in my hair.
“Your hair is beautiful. I've been wondering how long it really is. I can’t wait to
see it.’
“The last time I looked at it, it was past my waist. I haven’t had it cut in years.” I
tell him.
“Do you want to cut it? I can have someone come cut it for you. Although, I like long hair, so I hope you'll keep it long.”
I turn and look at him over my shoulder again. He seems mesmerized by my hair. He turns his gaze to me, winking at me again. I frown. He’s a strange alpha.
Without taking his eyes off my hair, he reaches down and grabs a washcloth. ” +15 DONOS You can bathe yourself while I do this if you want. This may take some time.” He hands the washcloth to me.
I peer over the side of the tub, looking at the bottles. I can’t see what they are, and I start to reach for one, but he grabs a different one. “Here, try this one.” I open it and it smells like vanilla. It's a nice smell but when I used to choose my own scents, I always went for more fruity scents, like berries.
While he’s busy with my hair, I pour some body wash into the washcloth and begin rubbing it over my body. I’m careful as I go over my wrists. It was a favorite. spot of the prince’s and they feel scarred over on the top but still sensitive underneath. I move up my arms and over my shoulders feeling the bumps of scarred—over puncture wounds. I must look repulsive to Liam. My body is a disfigured mess.
I can’t help the tears that begin to fall. What if Alessia can never heal these and I look like this for the rest of my life. What if I have to carry the reminder of my time with that monster forever.
I hadn't realized that Liam had stopped brushing my hair until he gently takes hold of my chin and turns my face to look at him. “Scars are nothing more than proof that you are stronger than you know. They show that you have lived. through difficult times but you’re still here, still fighting. Don’t be ashamed of your scars. You should wear them proudly. Not many could have survived what you did.”
I nod my head at him and go back to washing as he continues to brush out my hair. The water begins to cool and he starts to let it out, turning on the faucet and adding more hot water as the cooler water runs out of the tub, clearing the sudsy
space.
“Better?” He asks me as he turns off the faucet.
“Yes, thank you. It’s been a long time since I've had warm water.”
“Can I ask you something?” I need to know why he’s being so nice. What's in it for him.
“You can ask me anything.” He replies.
I turn to look at him over my shoulder again. “Why are you being so nice to me?” +15 BONOS
###Chapter 177
When I take Angel into the bathroom, I know she’s expecting me to do something sexual or lewd. So, I make it a point to not look at her, well, not much. I’ve already seen her body, several times while she was unconscious. It’s already etched into my mind. I know that you can see every rib, that her hips bones jut out too sharply, that her shoulders have more bone than meat on them. She's not only a small girl but she’s been starving for a long time. I can’t wait to see what her body looks like when she fills out. Cyran and I will make sure she eats and gets enough food. She will never go hungry again.
When I tell her to lay back so I can wash her hair, I can feel her eyes drilling holes into my
head. So I fight the urge to look her over. I know her body won't have changed, she’s only had one small meal. So instead, I look into her eyes and wink at her. Her jerk of surprise almost made me smile. The whimper of pleasure when I began washing her hair definitely had me smiling. It feels good taking care of my mate. Even Cyran is purring in my mind as we massage her head and I feel her body begin to relax under my ministrations.
I want to ask her more questions, but I don’t want to ruin this moment. She’s calm and doesn’t look like she’s ready to bolt at the slightest hint of an opportunity. So, I wait.
Her question about why I’m doing this is dangerous. I don’t want to tell her I’m her mate. I’m not sure how she will react, especially since her wolf isn’t yet at full strength. So, I decide to go with my gut. I’m pretty sure her experience with Alphas is bad and I want her to know I’m not like that.
“You have been injured and are in danger. You stumbled into my pack practically. on your death bed. While you are a rogue and I have to take that into
consideration, you have also been through a lot and need my protection. An Alpha’s job is to protect those that cannot protect themselves. While that mostly applies to my pack, it also applies to others that may cross my path. So, I’m helping you because it's the right thing to do. And as an Alpha, it’s my responsibility.”
I watch her frown at my response, but she remains silent.
When I hear the omegas leaving the room, I mind link them thanking them and asking that they make two trays of food. I mind link Dustin asking him to bring them up when they are ready.
I didn’t realize she was crying until I smelled the saltiness of her tears. When I looked, I could see her assessing her body. There is almost no part of her that
+15 BONOS
isn't marred with the bumpiness of her scars. To me, it makes her look like a warrior. What has she endured and overcome to survive it? I’m serious when I tell her that not many could have survived what she has. It’s a testament to her strength. And while she may not be physically strong, her scars tell a story, loud and clear, about her inner strength. Something I need to remember so I don’t underestimate my little angel.
When I finish untangling her hair, I can’t tell how long it is, but I know it’s long and so silky. I run my fingers through it longer than I need to because I love the way it feels. I know she said she wants to cut it, but I really hope it’s not too short.
Everything about her is unique. Her hair is so white that it can’t even be considered blond. Her eyes are a pale gray, so pale that it's hard to really determine what color they are. It’s not until I looked at her, so close to me while. rinsing her hair that I finally realized that they are gray. Not blue—gray, not green -gray. Just gray.
When I'm done rinsing her hair again, I stand and bring her a towel. “Do you need more time to bathe?” I ask her.
“No, thank you, I’m starting to prune.” And she shows me her shrivled finger tips. I smile and pull the plug on the tub, letting the water drain. I hold the towel out and open in front of me, giving her a bit of privacy as she stands before I wrap it around her and lift her out of the tub.
“I can walk.” She says quietly. I look at her. “The last time you stood, you almost some more food in you fell flat on your face. How about we take it slow and get some more food in you before we try it again?” 
###Chapter 178
She nods and as we're walking into the room, Dustin walks in holding two trays. You can set them over there.” I nod my head toward the couch and coffee table.
I watch as Dustin smiles at Angel. I’m going to throat punch him if he doesn’t stop flirting with my mate. “Feeling better Angel?” He asks her, all smiling happiness. “Yes, thank you Dustin.”
“Thanks Dustin, that’s all for tonight.” I tell him gruffly. If he doesn’t leave soon, Cyran is going to growl at him and scare our mate. He has the audacity to snicker as he turns to leave. “Sleep well Angel.” He says before scurrying out the door. Bastard. He’s doing this on purpose to get a rise out of me.
I take her over to the bed first and set her down. I pull out the clothes and look at what Dustin brought her. Nothing in here looks like something she can sleep in. I sigh and look at her. “I'll be right back.” I tell her.
I go to my room and grab one of my shirts and a pair of draw string shorts. It doubt she will be able to wear them even with the drawstring, but we'll give it a shot. I’m kind of glad that she’s going to be wearing my shirt. It will ensure that my scent is on her, calming Cyran and I a bit since she doesn’t wear our mating mark yet.
When I return, I pull my shirt over her head, helping her to find the arm holes. She pulls the towel off underneath the shirt and pulls the shirt down beneath her. It falls past her knees. I frown and look at the shorts. “I brought these, but I doubt they will stay
on. my
“This is fine, it’s more than I’ve had to wear in a long time.” Cyran growls in head at that, and I watch her wrap her arms around herself. She’s swimming in my shirt it's so large on her. But she doesn’t seem to care and I catch her sniffing it a couple of times. Good, at least she seems to like my scent, that’s something.
I make sure she eats, even though she doesn’t eat as much as I'd like her to, definitely not as much as a normal wolf, maybe not even as much as a human. She drinks more water than required, which is good.
When she’s done, I put her back into bed, tucking her in. I sit beside her, knowing she won't be awake long. “My wolf, Cyran says he can sense that you have a wolf but she’s dormant. Is that correct?”
She nods at me. “Yes. Alessia went quiet years ago.” She looks down, plucking at the blanket on her bed. “She worked so hard at first to heal me. She saved my life. once when I was nearly killed by a visiting vampire and he didn’t want to stop. feeding on me. But over time, I became weak and it weakened her as well. I only hear her on rare occasions now.”
I nod. “As you get stronger, she should get stronger too. We'll work on getting you both back in good health, okay?” Her smile is sad. I’m not sure if she doesn’t believe me or if there is something. else concerning her.
I wait until she falls asleep and then I head downstairs. I need to let Cyran out. He’s been fighting me and pushing to be closer to our mate. We're both disturbed at the state our mate is in. I’m hoping a run will ease his frustration as well as
mine. I see Dustin as I head out. “Let me know if anything happens. She’s asleep and I want to know the minute she wakes up if she does.” He nods and I strip and jump off the back porch of the packhouse shifting mid-air.
We run for hours. It feels good to be out and running. We check up on the patrols. and see that everyone is taking the vampire threat seriously. That reminds me that I need to contact Rik and let him know about the possibility of a vampire
attack. When I get back, I shift and start to change. The packhouse is quiet, most
everyone is asleep. As I start to walk inside, I hear a blood curdling scream. Before I can even think, Cyran has taken over and shifted back, tearing up the steps of the packhouse to get to our mate. 
###Chapter 179
Chapter 0179 After the bath and the food, I’m exhausted. I’m so thankful that Liam doesn’t
start peppering me with questions again. It scares me that Alessia will start to get stronger and we might be found out, but I’m also thrilled at having my wolf back. She’s been more active since we woke up, much more so than she has been in the past couple of years, so I’m hopeful that she can get strong and we can leave before Liam realizes what she is.
I don’t remember falling asleep, but I'm suddenly back in the feeding room. The screams, the smells, all of it batters my senses again. Somewhere in my mind, I know this is a dream but it feels so real. When Prince Keenan turns his gaze to me, his eyes are blood red, his fangs are extended.
“Did you think you could escape me? Did you think I wouldn't find you and bring you back? You belong to me. You're mine!” He snarls it at me before grabbing my head, pulling my neck to the side and sinking his fangs into my neck.
I'm scream, sitting up in bed, still feeling the pain of his fangs savagely plunging into my neck. I’m still screaming when a huge sandy colored wolf breaks through the door to my bedroom, bounding onto the bed, covering me in his warmth and filling my nose with the scent of the forest, the scent I love.
I grab hold of his fur, burying my face in his neck. He lays down on top of me. “Is she okay Alpha?” I hear Dustin from somewhere over by the door. I can’t move, I can’t let go. This wolf has become my lifeline.
Liam must have mind linked him because I hear his footsteps moving away, down the hall.
I feel Cyran’s chest rumbling with something that sounds like a purr. The sound is calming and helps me to get my breathing back under control. He begins rubbing his face against my face and neck, letting me hold on to him with my death grip.
When the warmth of his body starts to penetrate the cold fear of mine, I finally relax my grip on him. “I’m sorry.” I whisper it into his fur, iny face still pressed against his neck.
I feel more than hear him chuff at my words. As I get my bearings and begin to relax, I realize that this wolf is really big, bigger than my father’s. His body is longer than mine in my human form. I wonder how tall he stands. I’m short, so he may be as tall as I am. I guess it’s because he’s an Alpha.
I pull back and look at him. His dark eyes shining back at me. “You must be +15 BONOS Cyran.”
He licks my nose and I can’t help but giggle. I look him over as best I can in the dark. “You're a huge wolf, you know that? And beautiful.” I run my fingers through his fur. “Your fur is so soft.” He pushes his face against my hand. I chuckle, “You like that, huh?” A soft bark is my answer.
We sit like that for a minute. He’s heavy, but the weight of him helps me to feel grounded. His whine makes me look at him. He wants to know what happened.
I shake my head. “Just a nightmare.” I feel tears forming in my eyes, and I sniff.” I was back there in the feeding room,” I look at Cyran, “That's what I called it, the feeding room. And he was there, Prince Keenan. He said he’d found me and that I belong to him, that I’m his.” Cyran growls low and menacing against me.” I don’t want to go back there.” I say it in barely more than a whisper, but I know he can hear me.
He begins licking the tears off my face. He continues until my tears stop falling and I settle. My hands are still running through his fur. There is something calming about running your hands over an animal, the repetitive motion relaxing you over time. Cyran is patient with me, allowing me the time I need to calm down.
“I'm okay now. You don’t have to stay.” I tell him. He lifts his head and looks at me, huffing at me before licking my nose again and laying his large head back. down on my chest.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 180
Chapter 0180 I smile, my hands coming to rest on his neck and chest. “Thank you.” I say and I drift back to a dreamless sleep.
When I wake in the morning, he is gone but the blankets still have the warmth of his body on them, so I know he hasn’t been gone long. I sit up, realizing I need to use the bathroom and hoping I’m strong enough to get myself there.
I slowly slide off the bed until my feet are on the floor. This time, I hold on to the bed as I stand. My legs feel a little bit stronger and I use the bed as a crutch as I walk to the end. From there, I have about five steps until I get to the door of the bathroom. ‘You can do this, you can do this’, I chant to myself.
Just as I’m about to take the first step, the door opens and a freshly showered Liam walks in. “Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?” He’s in front on me in three large strides, scooping me into his arms.
“need a to use the bathroom.”
‘Geez, I wasn’t gone that long and you were out when Cyran finally jumped down.” He says as he walks me to the bathroom. He sets me down in front of the toilet. Okay, I don’t care how weak I am, I’m not peeing in front of this man.
He looks at me, his eyes squinting. “I’m going to step outside, but the minute you are done, you let me know and I'll come back and get you, deal?”
I smile, “Deal.”
He walks out but leaves the door open. I sigh, it’s more than I expected but I would have liked the door to be closed. Thankfully, I have to go so badly that it doesn’t matter. I finish up, and stand, using the counter to get to the sink. I’ve just turned the water on before he’s right behind me, hands on my hips holding me steady.
“Doc Phillips will be by soon. I have food being sent up for you. You will need to stay on bedrest again today and continue to drink and eat to regain your
strength.” It sounds like he’s giving instructions before he leaves. “Are you going somewhere?” I ask.
“I have to go into the city. My company offices are there, and I have to take care of some things that have been sitting while I was waiting for you to wake up.”
“I'm sorry, I didn’t...” +15 DONOS
He cuts me off. “It was my decision to stay here, and I have been able to do some things electronically, but today there are things that I have to do in person. Dustin will be here and he will check up on you periodically while I’m gone. What can I get you to keep you entertained while I’m gone? Books, music, crochet?”
I look at him in the mirror. “Crochet?”
He shrugs. “Just trying to cover all the bases.” He smiles and my stomach flutters. Seriously, this man is dangerous when he smiles.
“Books and music sound good.”
He nods. “All done here?” When I nod, he picks me up and walks out of the bathroom. He stops frowning. “Bed or couch?” He asks.
“Couch.” I can see he’s not terribly pleased with my choice. “Or the bed if that’s better.”
“No, this is fine.” He says before gently putting me on the couch. “I'll be right back.”
Before he gets to the door, it opens and Dustin walks in with a tray of food. “Good morning, Angel. You gave me quite a scare last night.”
“I'm sorry about that.” I say, not wanting to talk about it again.
“Nothing to apologize for.” He says, putting the tray in front of me and sitting down beside me. His arm goes around the back of the couch behind me. “So, I hear we're going to be spending the day together.”
Liam's growl has my head shooting up to look at him, but his eyes are on Dustin. I see his eyes glaze over and look at Dustin to see his have as well. They are mind
linking and don’t want me to know what is being said. I’m surprised when Dustin’s smile gets bigger and Liam stomps out.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 181
Dustin is seriously pushing my buttons. He knows that I’m feeling possessive of my unmarked mate. Deep down, I know he won't do anything, but it’s still hard to keep that in mind when he’s antagonizing me. ‘He touches our mate and I'll kill him.‘ Cyran snarls.
My wolf, who has already fallen head over heels in love and is wrapped around the finger of that little slip of a girl. My wolf, who is the most fierce and savage beast I have ever met on the battle field, is a puddle of sloppy adoration for our
mate. ‘How many times do I have to say it, she’s perfect.
‘And you're ridiculous. I’m surprised you didn’t roll over and ask her to rub your stomach.” I retort back to him. Although, I have to admit, he got more out of her in a few minutes than I have in several interactions.
‘She likes me better. And if she wants to rub my tummyh for her.‘ I roll my eyes. be glad to roll over
Her fear of the vampire prince, Keenan she called him, is profound. Her grip on Cyran was painful, but he didn’t care, he was glad to able to take care of our mate. And she didn’t resist. If anything, she was receptive to his attentions and happy to have him sleep with her, guarding her all night.
I'd be lying if I said I didn’t enjoy it as much as Cyran. Being surrounded by her scent, hearing her heartbeat and watching her sleep peacefully because we were near, had my heart soaring. I hope one day she'll look to me, the man, not just
wolf for that kind of comfort. my I'm unhappy that I have to go into the city. But it can’t be put off any longer.
There are a couple of individuals that I need to screen before we can set them up to work for the company. I could send Dustin, but it’s my job.
She should be okay as long as she stays in bed. Both Dustin and Dr. Phillips have been told to call me if anything happens.
I bring Angel a spare phone with my Spotify playlist on it. I have no idea what kind of music she likes, but I'll find out and create a playlist for her. I grabbed several books from the library in the packhouse. Again, I'll figure out what she likes and make sure we have it here for her. I show her how to listen to the
playlist and then help her figure out the speaker so she can listen before I head. out. +15 BONOS
I'm gone longer than expected. It’s been a long day and both Cyran and I have been anxious being away from Angel this long. I called Dustin several times to check in and he reported that she had been eating, drinking and resting as required. He said she was standing on her own now and had been able to get herself to the bathroom. I’m surprised, she hadn’t seemed that strong this morning, but maybe getting some food in her system was making a difference.
It's nearly dinner time when I finally get back to the packhouse. When I walk in, several pack members greet me and want to talk. I'm polite but quickly find a reason to remove myself from them, wanting to lay eyes on my mate.
I swiftly jog up the stairs, walking directly to her room. When I open the door, she’s not on the couch or the bed. I start to panic before I see her sitting by the window looking out.
“Did you want to go outside?” I ask. I can see her jump, I startled her and as she turns, I suck in air. Her eyes. They are shining golden behind the gray, making the color of Angel's eyes turn to an olive color. It’s gone almost immediately, but I saw it. I know exactly what it means. She’s a Guardian.
My heart starts racing. Not only did the Moon Goddess literally drop my mate at my doorstep, she also mated me with a Guardian, the strongest, most fierce of all werewolves. I’m overwhelmed by this, but also confused. How can this small, timid girl be a Guardian?
I see her looking at me and she looks scared. Scared for me to know what she is? I’m not sure, so I pull myself together. “I can take you outside if you'd like to go
out.”
“No, I’m ok, thank you. How was your day?” She asks and I walk into her room, moving closer to her. Her scent in my nose like a balm after a day without it.
“My day was good. I was worried about you. I didn’t like being away from you for so long.” I tell her honestly, but my mind is spinning. She’s a Guardian, I’m almost positive. There is one way for me to know for sure. 
###Chapter 182
“Dustin said you checked on me several times. That’s very nice of you, unnecessary. I’m feeling better.” “So I see. You're able to stand and walk on your own now?”
She nods. “Only short distances, but yes,
I'm able to walk.”
but
+15 BONOS
“That’s wonderful news. Have you eaten dinner?” She shakes her head, no.
“I'll ask them to bring up two trays, and I'll eat with you, is that okay?”
“I was going to lay down for a bit first. Maybe after that?” She says.
Perfect. “That sounds good. I'll go get a shower and see what's for dinner.” I watch as she walks back to her bed. She’s a bit wobbly but she’s able to do it. I help her get up into the bed and tuck her in before heading to my room.
I grab my phone dialing a number I haven’t called in over six months. She answer
on the second ring.
“Liam.”
“Hey Cara. I need your help.”
“Of course, anything within my control, you know that.”
“I need you to come to my packhouse. Can you do that?”
“When?”
“Now?”
“I'll see you in forty-five minutes.”
“Thank you, Cara.”
“Liam, I hope you know that even after everything, I still count you as one of my closest friends.” I smile. Of course she does, she’s amazing like that. “See you soon.”
I shower and head downstairs after poking my head back in on Angel. Her eyes are closed, and her breathing is heavy.
I check on the options for dinner, ordering something for three now, knowing Cara may also be hungry. Right on time, I hear a knock at the front door of the packhouse. I open the door to her smiling face.
“Hello Liam.” “Hey Cara. Come in.”
She steps past me into the foyer then turns opening her arms in invitation. I pull her into a hug. I had expected it to hurt, to feel the pain of the loss that I felt months ago. But there is none of that. There is only the familiar feeling of the care that I always had for this woman. She feels like family, not like a lost love.
I sniff her hair and realize her scent is different. I take her by the shoulders and push her back, smiling down at her. “Congratulations?” I ask, unsure if I’m supposed to know.
Her smile brightens the room. “Thank you! We've only just told the pack. My scent started changing and we didn’t really have a choice.” She tells me, all bubbly energy.
“Is ita boy or a girl?” I ask. “We don’t know yet, but Rik is certain it’s a girl. He says she has my honey smell.” I smile down at her. “I'll take his word for it.”
Height wise, she’s not much taller than Angel, but in size, she’s a good two sizes larger, and Cara is ripped. She trains four hours a day every day. I once had the opportunity to train with her and it kicked my ass. To know that even ripped. she’s so much bigger than Angel, gives me hope that my girl will fill out.
“So, what is this about Liam? How can I help you?”
“I want you to meet someone. She came into my borders a couple of weeks ago, on her death bed. She’d been held hostage by vampires and will take some time to recover, so just know that going in.”
“Okay.” She draws out the word as we begin heading upstairs. “But why am I here?”
“She’s special Cara. I need to know if you get any feelings from her. I don’t know, maybe your Guardian senses will tell you something that I can’t figure out.”
She grabs hold of my arm and pulls me to a stop just as we reach the Alpha floor. “She’s your mate, isn’t she Liam?”
I turn to her. “She is, but she doesn’t know it yet. She’s very weak and her wolf is just slowly returning. She hasn’t recognized the mate bond.”
“Alright, so what am I looking for?” She asks me as we get closer to Angel’s door.
+15 BONOS
“I'd rather not say anything until after you’ve met her. If I'm wrong, I don’t want to taint your interaction with her.”
When we walk in, I intentionally stand in front of Cara, not letting Angel see her at first. Angel is awake and sitting up in bed. “Hey Angel, I brought someone to see you. This is my friend Cara.”
I move out of the way and let Cara come in. The minute she sees Cara, Angel’s eyes flash to gold. “Artemis.” She whispers. I look at Cara and see Artemis shining in her eyes. “Mother.”
Cooper
Author
in Cara again?
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 183
After Liam leaves, I try listening to some of his music. It’s all very angry and loud. I only try a few before I give up. I don’t know how to find songs and I don’t want to do something I’m not supposed to do, so I set it aside and turn to the books. I read for a
while before getting tired and moving to the bed to lay down. Dustin comes in while I am trying to get on the bed, and he helps me up.
“You know I’m going to be in trouble if something happens to you on my watch, right?” He asks me. “Sorry, I was just getting tired and was ready to lay down.”
I sleep for a while then Dustin brings me food. I am starting to feel stronger, so I make sure to eat as much as I can. They are still giving me more food than I used to get in a week at the vampire coven, but maybe once Alessia is back to full strength, this won't seem like a huge amount of food.
After lunch, I hear some noises outside and I go to sit by the window. I watch as the warriors train in one area behind the packhouse and mothers and pups play around the pool and playground that is in another area of the grounds. Everyone seems so happy. Maybe Liam is a good alpha as he has said he is. Although, I thought Alpha Peter was a good alpha, but mom and dad thought that me being a Guardian would change that.
‘I think Liam is a good Alpha, and I like Cyran. It was nice having him sleep with us last night.’
‘Alessia! How are you feeling?”
“Stronger every day. I'll have us back at full strength again soon.”
“Alessia, we need to leave here before Liam and Cyran realize what we are. I don’t want us forced into a mate bond.” She's quiet for a long time. ‘I don’t think they would force us. I want to stay.
“What? Alessia, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
‘Let's see what happens, okay? Let’s not rush it. Didn’t Liam tell you there’s a bounty on our heads? It feels safer here than it would be running from vampires and hunters with nowhere to go.”
She has a point. I’m still thinking about this when I hear the door open. I turn without thinking and see Liam standing there. I see him stop when he notices Alessia in my eyes. I immediately pull her back.
*SKAYA
I wait to see what he will do but he continues as if he didn’t see anything Maybe he didn’t or maybe he doesn’t know what a Guardian's eyes look like.
When he asks about dinner, I realize that I've been up for a while and I’m tired, so I want to rest first. He seems fine with that, so I lay down and fall asleep.
Not long after I wake, I hear Liam in the hallway, talking to someone, a female. I can feel Alessia standing up in my head. ‘Alessia, calm down, what’s wrong with you?‘
She doesn’t answer. When Liam walks in, I don’t see anyone until he moves.
Alessia’s response is instantaneous. She pushes forward. “Artemis.”
What I don’t expect is the response from Cara, or actually, it's Artemis that is responding. “Mother.”
Mother? What? The next thing I know, Artemis has pushed across the room and is hugging me, or Alessia.
‘Alessia, what's going on?
‘Artemis is my pup.‘
Cara/Artemis is sobbing in my arms. I awkwardly pat her back and take control.
“Can someone maybe help me understand what is going on?” I ask.
Cara steps back, wiping her eyes. “I’m so sorry. Liam didn’t prepare me. I had no idea that I was going to finally see you. “Why is Alessia saying that Artemis is her pup? I’ve never had any pups.”
Cara squeezes my hand. “It’s a long story. Can I sit? You have no idea how long people have been looking for you. I'll explain what I can tonight but there is so much you should know.” She wipes her eyes and Liam brings over two chairs and some tissues.
Cara sits and Liam sits beside her, waiting.
When she has pulled herself together, she looks at Liam and scowls. “You really should have warned me.” She scolds him.
“I wasn’t one hundred percent sure. But I knew you'd know. I just wasn’t expecting Alessia to come out like that.” He turns to me. “Someone’s been keeping secrets.”
I look down, not knowing how to answer. He’s right, that’s exactly what I’ve been doing. +15 BONOS
Cara reaches over and takes my hand. “You can trust Liam. He’s not like other Alphas. He would never force you. And if you can’t trust Liam yet, trust me and trust Artemis. We've known Liam for a long time. I know he would never force you into a mate bond that you didn’t want.”
Liam turns to me. “Is that what you think? That I would force you?” I shrug.
“Wait. Is that why your family left your pack? Did the Alpha try to force you into a mate bond? You were only a child then.” By the end he was growling out the words.
Cara turns to him. “It has become a common practice for Alphas to force. Guardians into mate bonds. They obviously bring strength to the pack and the only Alpha known in history that didn’t force a mate bond with themselves or their heirs was Anders.” She turns to me. “Alpha Anders is my mate’s father.” 
###Chapter 184
Liam looks at her incredulously. “I wish I could say that no self-respecting Alpha would force a mate bond for power, but it makes sense. Having the strongest pack in the country, I don’t need the power. But a smaller pack, a weaker pack, would definitely benefit from having a Guardian.”
Cara turns back to me. “So, now that we've established that you can trust Liam, let’s get back to your question. Alessia, you know you're a Guardian, correct?”
“Yes.” She answers, pushing forward. “Do you know that you are from the Guardian line that started with Bellona?” She asks.
“Yes.” Alessia responds. “I have some memories from my previous lives. The most important is that you, Artemis, are my daughter. You were born of Donovan and Andra. You were the first Guardian to ever be born.”
“Wait, can we back up?” Liam asks. “You were Lily Nelson’s wolf before you were Angel's wolf?”
It's Cara that answers. “Yes and no. It's a bit confusing but the way King Ailduin explained it to us, the Guardian spirit reincarnates when the human and wolf pass away. The wolf is the one that finds their mate and the humans, of course, have the human side of love. So, the mate bond, such as with Andra and Donovan, ends when one of the bonded pair dies. The Guardian spirit, however, hast memory of her previous lives. Not full memories, but some. That is why the Fae began chronicling the Guardians‘ histories.” She stops and a huge smile spreads across her face. “I can’t wait to tell Ailduin we’ve found you! He’s been looking for you for over thirteen years!”
Liam growls softly. “Why would a Fae King care about a wolf Guardian?”
Cara turns back to him. “One hundred years ago, Ailduin was mated to the wolf who carried Bellona’s Guardian line. Her Alpha refused to release her and forced the mate bond on her. While he was never able to be with his mate, he has kept. close watch on her Guardian line, feeling a connection to it.”
Aknock came at the door and Dustin came in pushing a cart of food. He stops. short when he sees Cara.
“Luna? I didn’t know you were here. It’s good to see you.”
Cara hops up to greet Dustin. “So formal, Beta. Call me Cara like you used to. It’s good to see you.”
+15 BONOS
“You as well.” He says, but it doesn’t sound like he means it. His eyes are tracking between Cara, Liam and myself.
Liam gets up and grabs a tray, bringing it to me. “Here, you can eat while we talk. You are obviously getting stronger quickly, but I still want to see you eat more.”
Cara grabs a tray of food and I notice Dustin sniffing the air around her. “Luna? Is there something you want to share?”
She gives him a huge smile. “Well, I’m sure Rik won't mind, since it’s obvious in my smell anyway. We're expecting our first Alpha heir in about five months.”
“Congratulations!” He says and hugs her. “Please tell Rik we're very happy for the both of you.” He looks at Liam as he says this, but Liam is focused on me.
“You're not eating.” He says to me softly. I quickly pick up my utensils and begin eating. He smiles before turning to grab the last tray of food.
When Dustin leaves, and Cara and Liam have returned to their seats, Cara begins again.
“I don’t want to overwhelm you, and there is so much to talk about. Dad is going to be over the moon to see you.” She looks thoughtful for a second. “Alessia, when do you think you'd be strong enough to come over for dinner at our pack?”
She asks.
Before I can answer, Liam jumps in. “She was on her death bed less than two weeks ago Cara. She’s not ready for dinner parties.”
Cara shakes her head at him. “No matter what she’s been through, she’s a Guardian. AND, she has the Guardian line with advanced healing. I learned that from Ailduin too. So, she'll be back to full strength much more quickly than you'd expect.” She turns back to me. “So, Alessia? How long do you think?”
Alessia thinks about it for a moment. ‘Are you okay with me answering in front of the Alpha?’ She asks me. ‘He already knows we're a Guardian and your daughter, that’s so weird to say, trusts him.“
“I will be strong enough for light exercise starting tomorrow. I won't be strong enough to shift for a couple more days.”
Cara is nodding her head. “That's how it was with Artemis and I when we were healing. So, tomorrow is Thursday. Rik, Anders and I always have dinner with Dad on Thursdays. You should come and we can surprise him. He will be so excited that we’ve finally found you.”
415 BONOS
I look at Liam. “If you think you will be strong enough, I think it would be good for you to meet the other Guardian. It may also help you to get your strength back.” He looks at Cara. “And I need to talk to all of you anyway. It is possible. that there is a war coming, and I will need your help.” 
###Chapter 185
Well, that’s two questions answered. Alessia is definitely a Guardian and because she’s a Guardian, her parents ran away from the pack rather than risk having her forced into a mate bond.
As thankful as I am for some answers, and as excited as I can see that Cara is, Angel is still recovering. She needs her rest. “Okay, we'll come by tomorrow for dinner, but I think that’s enough for tonight. Angel still needs to rest and get stronger.”
“Yes, of course.” Cara says. “But, before I go, I need to know. Have you been on the run this entire time? Liam mentioned something about vampires.”
I look at Angel. It’s her story to tell. “I was held prisoner by vampires.” She says. quietly.
Cara’s enthusiasm immediately ends. “What?” She looks between us. “What do you mean ‘held prisoner’.” She uses her fingers to make air quotes as she says held prisoner.
“A vampire prince kept me prisoner as his personal blood bag for seven years.” Cara gasps, her hand going to her mouth. “But you’re a werewolf. Vampires hate the taste of werewolves.”
Angel shrugs. “The one who caught me, his name was Sebastian, called met something like ‘custos regni‘ when he tasted my blood.”
I watch as Cara goes pale. “Cara, what is it?” She turns to look at me. “Do you know Eatin?” She asks. I shake my head. “No.”
“Custos Regni, it means ‘Guardian of the Realm’. It means,” her hands going instinctively to her stomach, protecting her unborn baby, “that they know of ust and we, as Guardians, must taste good to them.”
“Not just good, I think maybe he became addicted to my blood.” Angel says. “He wouldn’t let anyone else feed on me. No one was allowed to touch me except once when another vampire royal visited. And no one was allowed to taint me. His word. But I’m thankful for it, because it meant none of them ever raped me like they did to everyone else in that hellish place.”
I can’t help the snarl that rips from my mouth. He’s lucky he didn’t rape my mate, but he'll still pay for what he did to her. +15 BONOS
“I need to go.” Cara says looking like she’s going to vomit up her dinner. “I need to try to get ahold of Ailduin before you come by tomorrow.” She turns to me. And if those bloodsuckers think they can come and take Angel, they'll have one hell of a fight on their hands. We will stand beside you. We would have anyway, but there’s no way Rik and Anders will put either Dad or I at risk. I just hope Rik doesn’t try to put me on some kind of lockdown because of it.” She shakes her head as she stands.
She leans over, hugging Angel again. “It was so good to finally meet you. I’m so happy that we found you. You will be safe here. I promise.” She turns and looks at me as if confirming what she said. I nod.
“lll walk you out.”
We walk to her car in silence. When we get there, she turns. “She doesn’t know you're her mate yet.” It’s a statement, not a question.
“It doesn’t seem so, I’m hoping Alessia will recognize Cyran when she’s stronger.”
She grasps my wrist. “I knew Rik was my mate before Artemis confirmed it. Be there for her, be someone that makes her feel safe and even if it takes Alessia time, Angel will feel it.”
I lean down and kiss her on top of her head. “I’m working on it.”
She slides into the driver’s seat. “Anything I need to know about Eli before I leave?”
“He says he’s sorry and willing to pay penance for what he did to you, but he’s still denying that he killed my mother.” She frowns, looking at me. “Why is he denying it?”
I shrug. “I have no idea, but I won't stop until he gives me what I want.”
She smiles up at me. “I’m glad you found your mate. She'll keep you grounded.”
I close her door and watch her drive off before heading back to my mate.
When I get back upstairs, she’s fallen asleep. I decide to use this time to get some work done. I head to my office on the first floor. I find Dustin behind my desk when I walk in.
“So, Cara? How was that?” He jumps right in as he moves out of my chair.
“Surprisingly good.” I reply, taking a seat.
“Really? No hard feelings, no lingering love interest.”
+15 BONOS
I look at him. He hasn’t met his mate yet, so he doesn’t know what it’s like. “No. I don’t know how to describe it, but it's as if she’s not good enough anymore. Like she could never be to me what Angel is. The mate bond is a strange thing. I never realized how strong the pull to your mate would be. It’s exciting and scary all at once.” I stop and look at him. “Does that make any sense?”
“Not even a little, but I trust your judgement. Maybe some day I'll get lucky enough to stumble across my mate and I'll understand.”
? 
###Chapter 186
Chapter 0186 “I hope you do. She’s worth waiting for, I'll tell you that.”
We get to work, going through things that have been sitting, waiting for me. Dustin is an efficient Beta who can stand in as Alpha when I’m away, but he’s made sure to leave information on decisions he made while I was out of pocket. It feels good to get caught up and to know that the pack is still running smoothly. I also fill him in on the updates to the company and new employees I hired while I was in town.
We're about to stop and have a drink when I hear it. Angel's blood curdling
scream. I’m through the door and up the three flights of stairs in a second, flying into her room. When she looks at me, I see the haunted look in her eyes. I take a step toward her, and she moves to get away from me. Dammit.
‘Shift. She isn’t afraid of me.‘ Cyran says. I don’t think twice. I shift, ripping my clothes to shreds in the process, and Cyran jumps on the bed. She immediately grabs hold of him in her death grip and he lays down on her like we did last night. Dustin mind links me. “Do you need anything Alpha?”
“No, she had another nightmare. Just keep everyone off my floor.” “You know you're going to have to tell them something soon. The rumor mill is going wild.”
I know it is. I've had a female tucked up on my floor for nearly two weeks for the first time in my life and no one has seen her. And now, Cara has been here and that will only enflame the rumor mill further.
Angel is shaking so hard I’m surprised I can’t hear her bones rattling together. Even with all his fur and muscle, I can feel her bones jutting into Cyran’s body as he lays on her. He begins purring like he did last night. The sound reverberating through his body into hers, relaxing her. It takes time again, but slowly the shaking subsides and her death grip on his face and neck releases. Her breathing evens out and I hear her say “I’m sorry” like she did last night.
She has nothing to be sorry for. I can only imagine the terror she witnessed for all those years. I’m angry that I didn’t look for her. I know it’s not a rational thought. I never would have searched a vampire coven for my mate. But I still feel like I let her down. I’m her mate, the one that is supposed to protect her, keep her safe and I didn’t do that.
While we lay there, listening to our mate’s heart rate slow, feeling her body relax, +15 BONOS
I think back to what Cara said. The vampires knew about the Guardians. They also seemed to know that they liked the taste of their blood. Hopefully, somewhere in King Ailduin’s chronicles, there is something that will give us more information. about that. The last thing I want is every vampire in the country after my mate.
Cyran begins licking her face again. ‘I don’t like when mate cries.‘
“It's okay Cyran. I’m okay.” She tells him, beginning to stroke his fur. I admit, I like the feeling of her fingers running through his fur as much as he does. I really hope that one day she runs her hands over my body like this.
Cyran gently woofs at her. It worked last night to get her talking. I’m hoping it works again. I want to know what’s going on in that head of hers.
“It was another nightmare.” She stops and Cyran nuzzles her with his nose. She laughs softly but continues. “There was another girl there, in the coven with me. The vampire I mentioned earlier, Sebastian, who brought me to the prince, he was rewarded with his choice of ‘fresh food’, that’s what they called the humans that were brought in each day. She was the only other person that they didn’t kill. Sebastian didn’t share her, but he did rape her every day. At some point we made eye contact and we had these words that we would mouth to each other every night. It was way of letting the other person know that they weren't alone
I and that someone there cared about them.”
She stops, tears falling down her face again. “Prince Keenan killed her in my dream. I fought him and he killed her because of it. I watched while they tore her to pieces in front of me.” Her tears have turned into sobs and Cyran is whining, trying to comfort her. I need be able to speak to her, so I make a decision and Cyran agrees.
I shift back while laying on top of her. I immediately move my weight from her, pulling the blanket that’s not covering her over myself then pulling her into my side, wrapping both arms around her.
I hold her while she sobs and I know the instant she realizes that I've shifted. Her whole body tenses.
“What are you doing?” She asks.
“Shhh, I just want to be able to talk to you.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 187
Watching the vampires rip Sarah apart in front of me had been awful. I couldn’t shake the vision of it, the red of Prince Keenan’s eyes as he stared at me. I knew it was a dream, but the sounds, the smell, watching it happen, it was overwhelming, and I hope, once again, that Sarah got away.
It takes me some time to come back to my senses, to my current situation. I’m in Liam’s pack, I’m in my room, I’m in the large bed that I’ve been sleeping in, I’m in Liam's arms.
Wait, what!! I immediately go rigid. When did he shift back? Why did he shift back?
Liam said he wants to talk. He’s stroking my hair with one hand and his other hand is on my hip, wrapped around me from behind, holding me against him. It doesn’t feel forced, it feels comforting, safe. My hand is on his bare chest, a chest that is very muscular. Rather than feel the repulsion that I used to feel with the prince, I want to run my hand over his muscles. I want to see if his body will shiver at my touch that way that Cyran’s does when I’m running my fingers through his fur.
“What do you want to talk about?”
“I don’t want to upset you more, so if you don’t want to talk about it, just tell me. But, I want to know about the other girl you mentioned.”
and
I tell him about Sarah, about how we created our own little support group and how she told me to run when the hunters came. He’s quiet while I’m talking doesn’t say anything when I’m done. I look up at him. He’s looking at the ceiling, a thoughtful look on his face.
“What is it?” I ask him.
He looks down at me and back up at the ceiling before answering. “When we found out about the bounty on your head, there was a bounty on another girl too. At the time, I was concerned about you, so I didn’t think much of it, but now I’m wondering if it’s this girl, Sarah.”
I sit up and prop myself on my elbow so I can look at his face more clearly. “It had to be her. We were the only two that survived more than a day or two. There wouldn’t be anyone else that they cared about.” The tears start to well up again. Do...do you think they found her?”
He looks at me, cupping my cheek in his hand and wiping the tears from my +15 BONOS
cheeks. “I don’t know. Do you know anything at all about her? Where she’s from? Where she was going?” I’m shaking my head before he finishes asking.
“I thought she would be safe with the hunters. I was more worried about me and what they would do if they found out about me. I didn’t even think about her. I should have thought about her.” I’m getting myself worked up again. Why didn’t it occur to me that she would be in as much danger as I am?
“Shhhh. Hey, look at me. Tell me everything you know about her. What she looks like, her height, anything at all that may help me to find her, and I'll put out feelers for her. I can also check to see if the bounty is still active. If it is, it means they haven't found her yet and we may be able to get to her first.”
I look at him. “You would do that? For a human? A stranger?”
The look in his eyes is so intense, it’s almost painful. “I would do it because she needs help and it’s my job as an Alpha to help those that can’t help themselves. But she helped you, helped you when no one else did. Helped you escape and kept your secret. That alone is reason for me to help her.”
+15 BONOS 
###Chapter 188
I reach down and cup his face in my hand. “Thank you.”
“Don’t thank me yet. You haven't given me much to go on, but I'll do what I can.”
I lay my head back down on his chest. He’s so warm and the scent of the forest surrounds him, it lulls me back to sleep.
I wake to the sun shining in my room and something pressing against my stomach. I feel warm and well rested. I lift my head sleepily and it takes a moment to realize where I am. Somehow overnight, I've managed to crawl on top of Liam. My whole body is laying on his. My head and chest laying on his chest. The thing I feel pressing against my stomach... I jolt, trying to scramble off of him. Holy crap! I know what's pressing against me and it feels entirely too big!
In my effort to move quickly, I must have woken Liam because he rolls us over, effectively trapping me between him and the mattress. He is kissing my neck and, oh my goddess, does it feel good. His warm lips are gentle but firm, his tongue licking my skin, making my body respond in a way I’m unfamiliar with, making Alessia purr in my head.
“Ummm, Liam?” “Mmmm, yes baby? Are you ready for another round?” “LIAM!” It comes out louder than I planned, but I need him to focus.
His head jerks up and he looks at me. It takes a moment for recognition to set in and when it does he pushes off of me. “Shit! Angel, I’m sorry. I was half asleep and...”
“It's okay.” I feel like I’m about to die of embarrassment. He sits up and runs his fingers through his hair. It’s curly and his hands do nothing to tame the wildness. It suits him, gives him an almost dangerous sexiness.
He turns his head to look at me. “Are you okay, I didn’t hurt you, did 1?” “No. I’m okay.”
He nods his head then stands. I don’t think he realizes that he’s completely naked. And oh my, I didn’t see the front, but if his backside is any indication, this man is walking perfection. My fingers twitch, wanting to reach out and touch
him.
He turns and sees me staring at him. His look changes and he smirks down at me. “See something you like little angel?”
+15 BONOS
Yep, sure do, lots and lots that I like. “I’m just going to go get a shower.” I say instead.
“Good idea. I had planned to take you shopping today but since we're going to the Canyon Ridge Pack for dinner, I don’t want you to overdo it, so I think we'll stay around here. I can show you around the pack lands instead.”
“Okay.” I’m looking anywhere but at him. He has every right to be proud of his body, it is gorgeous. But I don’t know where to look and when I do, I end up staring, so I’m just trying not to look at him.
As I stand, he comes around the bed. He stops in front of me and kisses the top of my head. Okay, it was super easy to glance down and not get caught, except the minute I do, I see exactly what was pressing into my stomach. And I was right, its HUGE!
I'm sure my eyes are as wide as saucers as I look back up at him. And, yep, he knew I was looking because the smirk is back. “I'll meet you back in here in 20 minutes and I'll have food brought up.” He raises an eyebrow at me as I stand there still stunned. “Unless you need my help?” He offers. A little yip escapes my mouth as I rush to get to the bathroom alone. I hear him chuckling as he leaves
the room. 
###Chapter 189
Chapter 0189 My sweet little mate is o
top of me, riding me like a fallen angel. I love the devilish look on her face as she sets her own pace, forcing me to take what she’s giving me. Her scent envelops me and I've never felt such ecstasy in my life. My mate, my everything, is here, giving herself to me.
I moan as she rolls off me, rolling over on top of her, burying, my face in her neck as I kiss her, lick her. I can’t get enough of her sweetness, a sweetness that I’ve never had in my life and I never want to let go of..
“Ummm, Liam?” Oh, the sound of my name coming from those sweet lips. I’m so hard I may burst before I can slide back inside her.
“Mmmm, yes baby? Are you ready for another round?” I’m definitely ready for another round. “LIAM!” It's the urgency,
mixed with a bit of fear that has me pulling out of my half dream state. I whip my head up and reality comes crashing down around me. I’ve got my mate pinned down on the bed, her eyes are wide in surprise and just a bit of lust.
I practically fly off her. Holy shit! Did I do something in my sleep? Did I hurt her. Oh goddess, did I force something on her without realizing?
I'm able to breathe again when she says she’s okay. Just a dream. A fucking fantastic dream, my dick is still so hard it hurts. I need to get out of here and take care of this. Being in this room, her scent surrounding me, isn’t helping me to
calm down.
I stand up and turn to make sure she’s okay. I don’t think she realizes that she’s licking her lips while she’s checking out my ass. I know I look great naked. I have a high expectation for my warriors to train hard daily and I lead by example. Being an Alpha is just the cherry on top. Good genes and lots of exercise guarantees that my body is ripped.
I can’t help but tease her a little about seeing something she likes. It’s obvious in my head. When I see her looking everywhere but at me, I have to tease her just a bit more. So I walk over, careful not to touch her. I’m not sure I could control myself if I do anything other than kiss the top of her head, my need to feel her is so strong.
she likes the way I look and Cyran is practically preeni She likes. It’s obvious My dick is still standing at full attention and given our height difference, it's +15 BONOS
practically hitting her rib cage. I knew she'd look and I’m hoping my size doesn’t scare her. She was made for me and while I may have my own trepidation about how the hell we'll ever fit together physically, I’m trusting the Moon Goddess.
4
AS a parting tease, I ask her if she needs any help in the shower and that gets her moving. I’m chuckling as I return to my room, my heart lighter than it’s been since....since I don’t know when. And, I don’t remember a time that I slept as well as I did last night with my little mate.
I hop in the shower, taking a moment to relive my dream from this morning, and that’s all it takes before I find my release. Fuck, I hope she realizes I’m her mate soon. I know we have to work through some of the shit she’s witnessed with the blood—suckers, but I at least want to know she can feel the mate bond.
I'm excited about showing her the pack territory. I know exactly where I’m going to take her. I join her for breakfast. She’s dressed in her little kid clothes, but she’s made sure that her arms and legs are covered. She’s obviously self- conscious of the scars on her body.
When we're done, I ask her if she’s ready to go outside and her answering smile makes my heart soar. I hope I can make her smile like that every day. I’m not exactly a happy-go-lucky kind of guy, but I'll work on it if it makes her smile like that.
e reaction of my pack members. When we walk downstairs, I didn’t anticipate the reaction of my pack members. It’s late morning so there are quite a few folks in the packhouse. Most stop and stare, finally getting a first look at the woman I’ve been hiding on the alpha floor for two weeks. Several she—-wolves come up, saying hello to me as a way to get closer to her and assess the likelihood that Angel will be their next Luna.
I make introductions as pack member after pack member comes up to us as we attempt to walk outside. Angel is shy but polite to everyone. I can see that many of the pack members are dismissing her as their future Luna. Everyone expects that my mate, fated or chosen, will be strong and fierce. Hell, I did too, but that’s not what my Angel is. At least, not at the moment. I’ll be interested to see who she is once she’s healthy and Alessia is at full strength.
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 190
When we get outside, I begin pointing out different areas around the packhouse. The training grounds, which I’m hoping to get her on early next week, the playground for the pups, the pool for everyone with outdoor kitchen and grilling area for pack events. I point out some of the trails where pack members let their wolves run. When we reach the forest, I turn to her.
“I want to take you someplace, but it’s a bit far. Would you be willing to ride on Cyran? You're small and it won’t be any problem for him to carry you.
She looks uncertain at first but then agrees. Cyran is prancing around in my head, ready to show our mate how strong and fast he is. His desire to impress her is a bit over the top.
‘She’s a Guardian. She may not be at full strength, but only a strong Alpha would be mated to such a strong wolf. I want her to know that we are deserving of her.”
I begin to undress and Angel turns away, but not before I see her cheeks turning pink. When I’m done, I shift and Cyran grabs my clothes before strutting, yes. strutting, over to Angel. He slides his head under her arm, giving her our clothes and rubbing himself against her.
She turns and gives him her beautiful smile. “Hi Cyran. Are you sure you don’t mind carrying me?”
He lays down on the ground to make it easier for her to climb on, and she crawls. onto his back. As soon as she is set, he stands and takes off. Her startled yip is quickly replaced by laughter and it’s music to my ears.
Cyran is careful but continues his quick pace until we come up to the waterfalls that my pack is named after. He finds a place to stop and lays down to let Angel slide off his back. When she does, I begin to shift back. She turns again and holds.
clothes over her shoulder so I can get them without her looking at me. my
When I'm dressed, I walk up and stand beside her.
“The waterfall is gorgeous.” She says.
I take her hand and walk toward the edge of the lake. “It’s where my pack got its , the Shadow Falls Pack. I step into the water, turning to take both her
hands. “Do you swim?” I ask her.
“It's been a really long time, since I was a kid.”
“The water is cooler now that it’s fall, but in the spring and summer, this place is
full of pack members swimming and enjoying the cool water.” I tell her and begin walking around the lake toward the waterfall.
When we get to the waterfall, I help her climb up to the top. When we reach the crest, I hear her gasp. From here, you can see the cliffs edge that drops into the canyon below. I point to an area across the canyon. “Over there is the Canyon Ridge Pack, that’s Cara and Rik’s pack. We share a border which is helpful as allies. We can help protect each other's territories.”
In the distance, I see patrols running the borders. I point them out to Angel. “And there are my border patrols. The borders are monitored 24/7.” I point to where Rik’s pack patrols are running. “And those over there are the Canyon Ridge patrols. They also run non-stop, patrolling their borders.”
I turn to her. “I wanted you to see this, so you’d know that you are safe here. No one will get to you. I won't allow it. And I guarantee that once Cara is home and tells Rik about the vampires, his patrols will double like mine have.”
“You doubled your patrols?” She asks me.
I nod. “I told you, you are under my protection. I have no intention of letting any vampires into my territory. No one will hurt you here.” I can see the wheels turning in her mind. How I wish I could hear her thoughts. Once we're mated, I’ll be able to, but for now, I have to hope she'll open up to me.
“What's going on in that pretty head of yours?” I ask her.
Her blush at my simple compliment is surprising, but maybe it shouldn’t be. She hasn't really had an opportunity to be around males who would appreciate her beauty and compliment her on it.
“You increased your security for me?” She asks.
“Yes,”
me.”
“But you barely know me.
“True, but I know you were mistreated by vampires. We know that they want you and are willing to pay a lot of money to get you back. I don’t want you to feel unsafe here. It’s been a long time since you've had a place where you could just relax and be yourself. I want this pack to be that place for you.” I can tell she’s thinking this over, but she doesn’t say anything.
“We should head back. I’m guessing you want to shower before we head out to dinner, and it’s a half-hour drive to Canyon Ridge.” I help her climb back down the waterfall before shifting back to Cyran and running with her back to the packhouse. 
###Chapter 191
I don’t understand why Liam would do so much for me. Doubling his patrols, giving me a place to stay, planning to buy me clothes, feeding me, giving me medical treatment. No one does all that just because a person needs it. It that were the case, my family and I wouldn't have suffered for years as rogues.
I'm not sure I trust his reasons, but he does seem genuine that he wants me to be safe. “I trust him.” Alessia says. “There was nothing deceitful in his scent when he was talking.” “You trust him? We don’t even know him Alessia.*
I feel her almost fidgeting in my mind. ‘Alessia?”
‘I don’t know why, but I trust both of them.’
I sigh. I trust her and she trusts them. And Cara and Artemis also trust them, so for now, I'll let it go. I'll just have to figure out a way to pay him back for all of his assistance.
I finish getting ready, continuing to wear clothes that hide my scars and leaving my long hair down so the scars on my neck aren't noticeable. I would like to get my hair cut, but Liam said he likes it long. I admit, I enjoyed last night when he was running his fingers through it. It felt nice.
I walk out of my room and across the hall to his room. His door is open slightly and I’m about to knock when it swings open and he nearly runs me over. He grabs me before he could knock me down. “Geez Angel, I could have hurt you!” In the instant when our bodies collide, Liam wraps his arm around my waist, lifting me off the ground, holding me so that we are eye to eye. His other hand is against the door jamb keeping us from falling. I’m mesmerized by his sage colored eyes. My heart rate increases but I’m not sure if it’s because of my near fall or our close proximity.
The heat of his body seeps into mine, my hands on are on his chest and I’m reminded once again of his strong, muscular body. “Baby girl. You need you to stop looking at me like that.”
“Like what?” I ask softly, licking my lips.
His eyes track down to watch my tongue before returning to mine, considerably darker than they were a moment ago.
His voice is lower, somehow soft and growly at the same time, “Like you want to taste me.”
I look at his lips. I do want to taste them. I swallow hard. His scent surrounding me is making my head spin. That’s the only excuse for what I do next. I lean in and gently slide my tongue between the seem of his lips.
I feel his body tense up, his arm around me pulling me impossibly closer, his eyes. never leaving mine. His lips part and his tongue slides out to meet mine. Electric tingles shoot through me and a ripple of pleasure slides down my spine as my eyes drift close. His hand comes up into my hair, gently tugging my head to the side and deepening the kiss. He tastes of fresh air and sunshine. I didn’t know. that was possible, but there it is.
It takes me a moment to realize the whimpers I hear are coming from me. I can feel more than hear the growls rumbling in Liam's chest as he deepens the kiss even more, his tongue teasing mine in an intricate dance. The sound makes my nipples harden and sends jolts of pleasure straight to my core. A warmth I’ve never felt before causes an uncomfortable feeling between my legs, a pressure that needs to be released. I wrap my legs around his waist, feeing a dampness in my panties.
He pulls away, and I can tell he can smell my arousal. He puts his forehead. against mine. “Baby girl, we have to stop.”
I'm immediately embarrassed by my actions. Of course he wouldn’t want me. My body is a scarred mess and his is perfection. I'm sure he could have anyone he wanted, someone gorgeous just like him.
I slide my legs down from around his waist, but he doesn’t let me go. I look up at him, and I know my face is bright red. “I’m sorry.” I say and look down at a spot on his throat.
His hand slides from the back of my head to my chin, lifting it, forcing me to meet his eyes. “Baby girl, this is not a rejection. I want so much more of what we are starting here. But you are not yet ready for what I want to give you and I wouldn’t want to stop once we start. When you are ready, I will take my time, touching you, tasting you and making you feel pleasure that you’ve never felt before.”
His words have the heat pulsing in my core again. I watch his nostrils flare as he smells the impact of his words. “Fuck baby. If you don’t stop smelling this delicious, we're not making it to dinner.” He slowly slides me down his body, his eyes on me. I gasp when I feel how hard his large, long length is. When my f are on the ground, he leans down and nuzzles my ear. “I wanted you to feel that,
416 HONOS
just in case you thought I wasn’t serious about how much I want you.” 
###Chapter 192
Chapter 0192 I shiver as he runs his nose across my jaw before kissing the corner of my mouth.
He stands, taking my hand in one of his and shifting his jeans with the other before turning and guiding me down the stairs to the front door. His pack members flock to him again and I notice that he moves so that I’m standing in front of him. He lets them know that we have to be somewhere but that he’ll be back later if they need to meet with him about anything.
He walks me to a giant truck, opening the passenger door and lifting me inside. He leans over and clicks the seatbelt into place before pecking my lips again and winking before closing the door and coming around to climb into the driver's
side.
The last time I was in a car was when the vampires had me in the trunk. Before that, it was when I was still part of a pack. It's weird being back in a car again.
As we start to pull away, I look at my surroundings. It’s pretty here, in a different way than it was back in my childhood pack in Minnesota. I much prefer the warmer climate here.
I turn to look at Liam. “Taking care of me is keeping you from your work with the pack, isn’t it?” I ask him.
He looks at me, reaching over and taking my hand, pulling it to him so he can kiss my knuckles before setting it on his thigh. “My pack is the largest in the country. I have 832 pack members with another 27 pregnant females that will be adding to my numbers within the next five months. My work is never done. So, no, you aren’t keeping me from my work, it’s always there, no matter what.”
“When did you become Alpha?” I ask. I don’t know much about Liam and I'd like to get to know him better, especially if Alessia feels that we can trust him.
I watch as his face takes on a tense look. I jump in before he says anything. “It’s none of my business, you don’t have to tell me.
He looks over at me, pulling my hand to his lips, kissing it again, before putting it back in his lap. “I told you before you can ask me anything. It’s just, not all of my answers are happy ones.”
He looks at me again. “To help you understand, I need to go back to before I took over from my father. When I was six years old, my mother was murdered. We were attacked by another pack that wanted the strength of our numbers and our land. My father defeated their Alpha, but not before my mother was killed.” My
in BONOS
hand goes to my mouth, I understand all too well what it feels like to have your mother murdered. He reaches over and brushes him knuckles over my cheek. before taking my hand again.
“My father was never the same after that. He moved out of the packhouse and he barely managed the pack at all. Dustin’s father, my father’s Beta, basically took over, only getting my father involved if needed. When I was ten years old, he started including me in the decision making for the pack. He and I made all the decisions together for the pack and the company that I own from the time I was 10 to the time I was 16. The day after my 16th birthday, my father died. There was no reason, he wasn’t sick, or not any sicker than he’d been for the previous 10 years. That day, it became official. A week later, I laid my father to rest and the day after that, we had my Alpha ceremony.”
He turns to look at me. I can see the pain in his eyes. I turn my hand in his, intertwining our fingers and rubbing my thumb over his hand. I want him to know he’s not alone. I know what it’s like to feel alone, like you have no one. I want him to know I’m here.
“My Alpha ceremony was a somber affair, not like most of them which are a celebration. And honestly, it didn’t matter. I'd been running this pack long before my father died and it became official.” He shrugs, looking at me before looking back at the road.
“How old are you now?” I ask him.
“Nearly 25.”
“So, you’ve been taking care of your pack and its members for almost 15 years?” He nods.
“Aren't you tired?” I ask, because really, it’s got to be a huge burden for him to carry, day after day. The lives of over 800 people depend on him and him alone. He has to be everything to everyone.
“Some days more than others. Honestly, before all this,” he gestures with hist hand between us, “it was becoming overwhelming.”
“I make it less overwhelming for you?” I ask confused.
“You give me hope.” 
###Chapter 193
I wasn’t sure how I felt about being so open with Angel, but she’s my mate. I want to share everything with her, and have her share everything with me.
After our moment in the hallway, I know she’s beginning to feel the pull of the mate bond, even if she doesn’t recognize that that’s what it is.
Everything about my beautiful Angel is drawing me in. And even more than her sweetness, her scent and her taste, the idea that I won't be alone anymore, that there will be someone to bear this burden with me? It’s almost too much to hope
for.
We arrive at the Nelson home a few minutes before we were supposed to arrive. I’ve brought a couple bottles of wine, since Cara didn’t ask me to bring anything.
I go around the truck and help Angel out. She’s so short that it’s a big leap for her, but mostly, I just want to take any opportunity there is to touch her. I keep hold of her hand as we walk to the door and ring the bell.
I can hear talking on the other side, and I hear Clint ask who could be at the door as Cara announces that she'll get it. When she opens the door, her smile greets us. “I’m so glad you could come. Please come in.”
We walk in and Cara moves to stand in front of Angel as we follow her into the kitchen. “Dad, I invited some guests tonight.” Cara tells Clint.
He looks up at me. “Liam, it’s good to see you, it’s been too long.” He says, starting to wheel himself over.
“And someone else.” Cara says and steps aside, giving Clint his first glimpse of my mate. Donovan, Clint’s wolf, pushes forward immediately. “Andra?” He asks in his gruff voice.
“Donovan.” Alessia answers. “I’m Alessia now.” “Alessia.” He says it softly, tears forming in his eyes. “Where have you been all these years? I thought... thought...”
Alessia walks to him, squatting down in front of his wheelchair. “We have much to discuss tonight. But first, I've waited a long time to give you a message from Lily.”
Clint’s hand goes to his mouth and his rubs it across his face and roughly. “A message from Lily?” He whispers. +15 BONOS
“You understand how the Guardian spirit works? I have memories from my previous lives, but not all of them. Some, like when I saw Cara yesterday or you just now, come at the moment I see you.” Clint looks at Cara before looking back at Alessia.
Clint reaches down and takes Angel's hand. “What is the message?”
Angel/Alessia puts her other hand over Clint’s. “She wanted you to know that she knew. She knew that day in battle would be her last. The Moon Goddess visited her a couple of days before the attack. She traded her life for yours. You were the one that was supposed to die that day, but she knew that you had the better chance of survival and would be here for Cara and Artemis. She knew her life would end that day because she gave her life so you could live.”
I watched as Anders moves to stand beside Clint putting his hand on his shoulder. I thought Clint was going to break down right there. I’m not sure how I would feel if I found out my mate, if Angel, gave her life for me. It’s definitely something to consider, because when she realizes that she’s my mate, it’s exactly what she will try to do.
“If you will all excuse me for a moment, I need a minute.” Clint turns and rolls himself down a hallway and into a room that I’m guessing is his bedroom.
Angel stands and comes to me. “Should Alessia not have said anything? Lily wanted him to know.” She looks to me and I’m not sure if she needs comfort or confirmation, but I give her both.
I cup her face in my hand as I respond. “He’s waited 13 years to know what happened to her Guardian spirit and now, not only has he met Alessia, but he found out that Lily gave her life for him. It’s a lot to take in all at once.” I say and look to where Rik is holding Cara as she cries into his chest. 
###Chapter 194
Rik looks at me and an understanding passes between us. These women, these Guardians, give their lives for those they love and protect. It’s not something either he or I am willing to live with. I'll have to find a time to speak to him to see if he’s found a way to keep Cara from taking a bullet, real or metaphorical, for him.
Anders goes to follow Clint. They have been friends most of their lives. I pull Angel in and kiss her forehead. “Let’s open the wine. Would you like some?”
Cara dries her eyes. “I’m sorry, it's a lot to find out that your mother made such a sacrifice for you.”
Rik runs his thumbs across her cheeks helping to wipe her tears. “Yes. It’s very difficult to know that someone you love would trade their life for yours.” He says to her and gives her a meaningful look. So, this isn’t a new conversation for them. I definitely need to speak to him about it.
Cara reaches out her hand. “I won't be having any, but I’m happy to pour wine for everyone.”
Angel steps away from me. “I’ve actually never had any.” She looks at me and shrugs as I hand the wine to Cara. “I never really had the opportunity.”
I step up to her again, putting my hand on the small of her back. “Why don’t you try it and see if you like one of them, there’s a white and a red, since I didn’t know what we were having for dinner.”
Rik turns to me and smiles. “Oh, Thursday nights are always steak nights. It’s apparently a thing that our fathers have been doing for years. It’s only since Cara and I started dating that I was invited to attend as well.”
“Joke’s on you Alpha, because tonight it’s ribs for dinner.” Cara says to Rik and I can see the love in both their eyes. I look at Angel. Yeah, I want that in our future.
“I hear congratulations are in order.” I say to Rik.
“Yep.” He says giving Angel and I each a glass of wine. “I can’t wait to meet my little Peanut. Did Cara tell you we're having a girl?” I see Cara roll her eyes behind his back.
“We don’t know it’s a girl yet.” Cara says and Rik looks at us and mouths silently, ‘It's a girl.‘
Clint and Anders walk out, Clint still sniffling and looking like he just sobbed his
$15 BONDS
heart out, which I’m guessing he did.
Angel walks over to him. “I’m so sorry.”
Before she can say anymore, he stops her. “No, I’m glad you told me. Lily wanted me to know and it makes some things that happened in those last couple of days make sense. And before we get to our dinner, I want you to know that I’m so thankful that we've found you, or that you’ve found us. I know that the bond that we shared when you were Andra is no longer there, Donovan can feel that the bond is different, but there is still a familial bond. I hope that Alessia can feel it too?” Angel nods her head.
“Good. We are family. I don’t know what has happened to you or why no one could find you for so long, but you are here now and you are not alone. We are all your family now.” Clint gestures around the
room.
Angel looks around and sees everyone nodding in agreement. I see her eyes well with tears and I walk to her, running my hand over her hair. She sniffs and looks up at me. “I’m okay, it’s just been so long since I had anyone to call family.” 
###Chapter 195
I had no idea when I agreed to come to Cara’s house for dinner that it would be this emotional. There’s so much going on, so many emotions, so many memories that are coming to the forefront. It’s a bit overwhelming.
Liam has been very supportive. I’m glad he’s here. I’m not sure I could do this without him. “Anders, you want to help me with the ribs? Cara, are you ready with everything else?
“Yep, we'll get the table set while you go pull the ribs off the slow cooker.” She says to Clint before looking at us. “They’ve been cooking for several hours. They should fall off the bone.”
I follow her to the kitchen. “What can I do to help?” I ask.
Rik goes to the oven and begins pulling out what looks like twice—baked potatoes, some sort of vegetable casserole and something else that smells like mac and cheese.
“It all smells delicious.” Liam says, coming up behind me and putting his hand. on my hip. I've noticed that any time I move away from him, he makes sure that he moves close again, touching me. I don’t mind, it helps me to feel relaxed in this new environment.
Cara hands us some platters and tells us to put them on the table. We're all moving to the table when Clint and Alpha Anders come in with a huge amount of ribs.
Clint and Anders sit at each end of the table, with Cara and I sitting beside Clint and across from each other and Rik and Liam sitting beside Anders and across from each other.
When we're all seated, Anders speaks up. “So, Angel, we didn’t get a chance to be formally introduced. I’m Alpha Anders, the previous Alpha for Canyon Ridge Pack and this fine fellow is my son, Rik, the current Alpha.
“It's nice to meet you both.” I say as food is passed around and I watch as all four men pile so much food onto their plates that I don’t see how they will be able to eat it all. Cara isn’t too far behind them, filling her plate to nearly overflowing. By comparison, my plate looks practically empty. No wonder Liam keeps telling me to eat, if he thinks this is how much I'm supposed to be eating.
Clint looks at me. “You are welcome to have as much food as you want. There is +15 BONOS plenty.”
“I'm fine, thank you.” I say and bite into the ribs. The familiar taste hits my tongue and I close my eyes enjoying the memories of sitting around a campfire, eating this meat.
“This is bear, right?” Every head at the table looks at me. “You know what bear tastes like?” Rik asks 1.me.
I shrug, not sure if I should say anything. I am in a room with three Alphas. “My family and I were rogues for six years. During that time, my father caught a few bears, which was great because it fed us for several days.” I said, watching their reactions to me being a rogue. No one said anything or looked like they were going to kick me out.
“Your father must have been quite a strong wolf to kill several bears.” It’s Clint that comments. “He was the lead warrior in our pack. After we left, our Alpha searched for us for years. We had to move frequently when they’d
find us or get too close. It wasn’t until one of my father’s friends found us and realized that my parents left for me that we ended up with a stable home.”
“What do you mean? How did his friend finding you give you a stable home?” It’s Alpha Anders that asks this time.
I explain the meeting with Jude and how he let us use his cabin, provided us with a burner phone and kept us informed of the search. “It gave us a few years of peace before everything fell apart.”
Clint reaches out and takes my hand. “Let's finish dinner before we get into the heavy details.” He says and I’m grateful. I’m having a hard time swallowing thinking back to those days.
It's quiet for a moment before I pick up another rib. “So, who caught this bear?” I ask, taking a bite. When I realize no one has answered me, I look up to see everyone looking at Liam. He's looking uncomfortable.
+ 
###Chapter 196
He turns to look at me. “I did.”
I frown. “You caught a bear and brought it to Cara and Clint?” I ask. Why wouldn’t he take it to his pack?
I see Rik lean back in his chair, a smirk on his face. Liam scowls at him before turning back to me. “Cyran killed it for Artemis.” I look at Cara who is looking at Liam. I don’t understand. Why would he do that if Cara is mated to Rik.
“Liam was pursuing Cara as a love interest.” Rik states, still smirking at Liam and earning a growl.
“Rik!” Cara admonishes him.
Jealousy flares but I don’t really know what to do with it. First, as strange as is it, Artemis is Alessia’s daughter. Plus, she’s strong and confident, everything I’m not. I can understand why Liam would want someone like Cara. It just reminds me of all the reasons that he wouldn't want me.
Liam takes my hand, pulling it to his mouth for a kiss. “It was before I met you. I told you things were becoming overwhelming. I hadn't found my mate and I wanted a strong Luna to stand by my side, someone to help me carry the burden. of being an Alpha. But Cara is mated to Rik and I’m glad they are together and happy.” He tells me.
‘He’s being honest. Alessia tells me.
It doesn’t change my feelings of inferiority, and I don’t even know why I care. It’s not like I ever wanted to be a Luna, or even mated to an Alpha. It’s just the thought of Liam being with someone else hurts my heart. ‘Mine too.‘ Alessia agrees softly.
I nod and go back to my food, but I can’t stomach the thought of eating any more. So, I just pick at it and push it around on my plate.
When everyone's done eating, I grab plates and take them to the kitchen. I turn to walk back to the table, when Liam takes my hand and pulls me back to the foyer, away from prying eyes and ears. He cups my face in his hands. “Hey, I need you to know that there is nothing other than friendship or something that feels like a brother and sister between me and Cara. My feelings for her are nothing compared to my feelings for you.”
+15 BONOS I shrug, refusing to make eye contact, but he’s not having it. He growls, taking my chin between his finger and thumb. “Do I need to remind you of the effect that you have on me little angel?”
“It's ok, I get it...” I’m interrupted as he lifts me off the ground by my thighs, forcing me to wrap them around him as he pushes me against the wall. His mouth on mine is hot and needy, demanding that I give in to him. His hands are in my hair, tugging and holding my head at the angle he wants to get access to my mouth. He’s using one of his legs to help hold me up while he ravages my mouth.
When I don’t immediately submit to his demands, he growls, nipping at my lip until I give him entrance. When I do, he devours me, searing me with his need and desire. My hands go around his neck, holding on as he sends my body into a torrent of aching hunger. I feel like I’m drowning and he’s my lifeboat.
When he pulls away, we're both panting. “Don’t doubt me.” He growls as I slide. down his body, putting my feet back on the floor. He takes my hand and puts on the front of his jeans. “This is how much I want you, little angel.” I have to admit, if that’s an indication of how much he wants me, then he really wants me.
I swallow hard. “Come on, let’s get back before they come looking for us.” He says leaning in and kissing me again before standing and guiding me to walk in front of him. I’m beginning to realize that this is how he hides how aroused he is for me.
Just for me. 
###Chapter 197
After making sure my girl understands that there is nothing and no one for me but her, we walk back into the living room. “All good?” Clint asks and we both
nod. “Good, have a seat, we have some important things to discuss.”
I had already learned quite a bit about Angel over dinner. Her life has been hard, harder than mine. Her parents struggled while they were on the run, but they made the best of things. The time in the cabin seems like the only time in her teen years when she had some normalcy.
I know the rest of her story is going to be hard for me to hear. I know part of it, but I need to hear it all so we can plan for the threat that is coming.
When we sit, I pull Angel into my lap. She blushes but I don’t care. She’s worried that I want someone else, she will learn that I want everyone to know she’s mine. Plus, I know this next part is going to be hard for her, and I want to support her.
“Angel,” Clint starts, “we need to know what happened to you. I know it’s hard, but in order for us to plan and prepare for what is coming, we need to understand what we are dealing with. Can you start at the beginning and tell us what happened? Remember, we are all family here. No one will hurt you. And if someone even thought about it, I’m pretty sure that Alpha behind you would kill them.”
“Damn right.” I say as she turns to look at me. She seems to believe whatever she sees in my eyes because she leans back, relaxing against me. My arms wrap around her as she starts.
She tells us about how they had to run from the cabin because they were found by her old pack, the Great River Pack. I look at Rik. He doesn’t seem to know anything about that pack either. Perhaps they are a small pack.
When she gets to the part about her parents being killed right in front of her, I tighten my arms around her. I can feel her shaking and although it’s been a long time, I doubt she’s ever really processed their deaths. When her tears force her to stop talking, Clint rolls over and takes her hand. “I’m sorry for your loss. sweetheart. I know this is hard. You’re doing great.” He tells her.
He has a gentle way with her. It’s a side I’ve never had the chance to see of Clint. To me, he’s only ever been tough and strong. Cara comes and sits beside us, taking her hand. “We're here Angel. I know it doesn’t bring them back, but we’re here if you need
us. +15 BONOS
I rub her back until she pulls herself together. Then she continues with her story, telling us about Prince Keenan, Sebastian, the humans, the feeding room, all of it. When she gets to the part where she tells them about the prince’s addiction to her blood, Rik snarls, pulling Cara into his lap and wrapping his arms around her protectively.
Clint and Anders ask most of the questions, wanting to know more about how Prince Keenan reacted to feeding on her. When she talks about how he would feed on her, making it sexual and putting her on display for the entire feeding room, I finally have to get up and walk out. I gently set her aside, kiss the side of her head and let her know I'll be right back.
I know exactly where I’m going. When I trained with Cara the one time, there was an indoor training facility. It has everything one would need to train, including punching bags. I don’t stop until I walk up to the first bag and punch with every bit of frustration I’m feeling, punching a hole in the bag. I move to the next one. and do the same.
I'm on the sixth bag when I hear Rik. “Want a real person to punch?” He asks me.
“You're not the one I’m angry at.” I tell him, punching another hole in another bag. “You know Clint will expect you to replace those, right?” I nod. I don’t care, I
need to do something with this anger, so Angel doesn’t think it’s directed at her. 
###Chapter 198
Chapter 0198 “Come on.” He says, crooking his fingers at me. “Let's have a go. You need a challenge, someone who will hit back.” “I have no intention of having to answer to Cara about why you're all bloody and bruised.”
He smiles at me. “Then I guess it's good I’m mated to a Guardian. Apparently, when you complete the bond, you gain some of their strength. I’m stronger than you are now Liam.”
I frown at him. Is that possible, getting some of the power from the Guardians. I kick off my shoes and take a stand to begin sparring with him. “Is that why the Alphas forced them into a mate bond?” I ask as we begin to throw punches.
“I don’t think so.” He says as he sends his fist into my gut, knocking the air out of my lungs. Fuck, he is stronger. “From what we know from Ailduin, Alphas of the past did not get any additional strength from the Guardians.”
I swipe his legs but before I can land a punch, he’s back on his feet. Shit, he’s faster too. “I think,” he continues, “it's only because it’s a fated bond, and a willing bond, that there was a transfer of power. But that’s just my theory.”
We go back and forth, throwing punches, getting in kicks. When we're done, I feel better. I won’t be great until that fuckhead prince is dead, but my immediate frustration is gone.
“Thanks Rik.” I say and I mean it. It was exactly what I needed.
“No problem. Apparently, we are all family now and that’s what family does for each other.’
“Yeah, well, I don’t exactly know how to interact in a family environment, so give me some slack if I screw it up.” I tell him. “Done.” He says and we walk back inside. Angel is on her feet the minute I walk inside.
“Liam!” She looks from me to Rik and back again. She comes over and takes my hands, looking at my knuckles which are bloody and swollen. It'll take a couple of hours for them to heal.
“I'm okay, I just needed to blow off some steam. I hate what you had to endure and that I wasn’t there to help you.” I pull her hands to my chest, covering my heart. “But I’m here now, and as I told you earlier, no one will ever hurt you
1/2 +15 BONOS again.” I tell her and kiss her forehead.
“I second that.” It's Anders who speaks this time. “Liam, we have some ideas, but we will need to come up with a plan together so we can protect both of our borders.”
“Agreed. But tonight, I think Angel has had enough. She’s still recovering and I'd like to get her home.” I say, putting my arm around her shoulders.
“Angel, I’d like to start training you. I trained Lily when she first got her Guardian spirit and I have trained Cara all her life. I’m obviously well versed in the strengths and weaknesses of Guardians. I can help you get back on your feet faster and then help you to get stronger.” Clint suggests.
Angel turns to me. “What do you think?” She asks me. A part of me is proud that, out of everyone in this room, she trusts me enough to ask.
I look at Clint. “You'll make sure not to push her too far while she’s still recovering?” I ask. “Absolutely.”
I look at Angel. “Do you want to train with Clint?” She looks from me to Clint and back before smiling. “Yes.”
I nod. “Okay then.”
Cara starts jumping up and down. “Yay! Now I will have a training partner. Rik won't let me train with the warriors anymore because I’m pregnant, but he can’t complain about me training with you.” She says before coming over and hugging Angel, as if she is the one that came up with the idea.
Rik looks to Clint while Cara is hugging Angel and there is a silent agreement that Clint will make sure that Cara goes easy during her pregnancy. That makes me feel better because Angel will need some time to build her strength.
“Come by tomorrow at 9am. We'll swim some laps.” Clint says. We say are goodbyes and head home. +15 BONDS
###Chapter 199
I'm excited about training. It’s been years since I trained with my father and I was getting really strong then. ‘We'll get stronger much faster with Clint as our instructor.‘ Alessia says.
‘Do you remember training with him, or remember Andra training with him?‘ I ask.
‘Yes, he was patient but tough. Andra was a stronger wolf because of Clint and Donovan.*
I'm lost in my thoughts when Liam speaks. “A penny for your thoughts.”
I smile at him. “Do you actually have a penny?” I ask.
He digs around in his pockets, then begins searching his car, finally coming up with a quarter. “Hey, hey! I should get twenty-five thoughts for this.” I’m laughing, watching his antics.
I take the quarter and set it back into the truck’s console. “I was talking to Alessia about training with Clint and Donovan. She remembers Andra’s training and says he is a good and patient trainer.”
“I had the opportunity to train with him once. He’s a clever fighter. He will teach you a lot of things that will make you a stronger, smarter fighter.” He looks at me, reaching over and taking my hand again before looking back out to the road. “I'd like to train you too when you're stronger. Maybe you could train with me in the afternoons and Clint and Cara in the mornings?” He asks me.
“You want to train me too?”
“Yes. It's not that I don’t trust Clint and his ability. I absolutely do. But different people have different styles of fighting and sparring. It will only enhance your training. And if I’m being honest, when you're up to full strength, it will be good. for my warriors to spar with you too. You will make them better fighters as well.”
“Okay.” I say and he kisses my hand. I’m starting to realize that he kisses my hand when he’s happy, when he’s worried about me or just as the desire hits.
When we arrive back at the packhouse, I know he needs to work, so I tell him I can get back to my room on my own. He insists on walking me up anyway. You’ve had a rough evening. Why don’t you take a hot bath, relax and then get some sleep. I'll be up later and will check on you.” He reaches down and gently kisses me.
+15 BONOS
I reach my hands up, placing them on either side of his face, holding him in place. I pull back and look at him. “Thank you, for being there for me tonight. It means
a lot to me.
“Any time, beautiful.”
When he leaves, I take his advice and slide into a hot bath. The night has
been difficult. So many memories; hard, horrible memories that I didn’t want to relive. I know my dreams will be full of nightmares
tonight.
When the water runs cold, I get out and put on one of Liam’s shirts that he gave me to sleep in. The scent of him on the shirt may help, but I’m hoping that maybe he would be willing to lay with me again tonight. He or Cyran have the last two nights after I had a nightmare, so maybe he will again.
I open my door and see that his is open as well. I walk over and gently knock, looking around. I don’t see him, so I step inside. “Liam?”
He walks out of the bathroom, the steam swirling around him as he opens the door. He’s wearing a towel that is hanging low on his hips and gives me a perfect view of his washboard abs. My mouth suddenly feels very dry. He’s rubbing a
towel over his hair, so it takes him a minute to see me.
“Angel? Are you okay? Did you have a nightmare?” 
###Chapter 200
He tosses the towel on a chair and walks up to me as he’s talking. His hands go to my arms running up and down as if he’s checking for injuries.
ood un...” My brain isn’t working. I can feel the heat of his body, still warm from his shower. His intoxicating scent seems stronger, and it’s making my head spin.
“Angel?” “I, um, I was wondering if you would mind, I mean after tonight...1 don’t think I can sleep.” Ugh, I’m making a mess of this.
“You want Cyran to come lay down with you? Give me a few minutes to dry off so you don’t have wet wolf smell all over you.” He smiles at me. He doesn’t seem
upset at all.
‘Just ask him.‘ Alessia purrs in my head.
“Actually, I was wondering if maybe you would mind laying down with me?” I look down, waiting for the rejection. He lifts my chin, bringing my eyes to his. “You want me to come lay with you?”
Inod.
He kisses my nose. “Give me a minute. I want to put some sleep pants on so we don’t have a repeat of this morning.” He smirks as my eyes go wide.
“Okay. I'll just...” I jerk my finger over my shoulder in the direction of my room. “Be right there.”
I go back to my room, feeling nervous. I don’t think he’ll expect anything but I’m not completely sure. I just know that when he and Cyran have been with me, I don’t have nightmares. I crawl into bed, pulling the blankets up to my chin. I’ve just settled when he walks in and closes the door behind him. He’s wearing at- shirt and cotton sleep pants. I wonder if he normally wears pants to bed.
He walks over to the other side of the bed and slides in, laying down and patting his chest. “Come here.”
I lay down on his chest and he wraps one arm around me and pulls his phone up for us to see with the other. “Want to listen to some music?”
I wrinkle my nose.
“What's that look for?” He asks.
+15 DONOS
“Your music is very angry.”
“It's angry?” He asks.
“Yeah, when I listened the other day, the first song I tried to listen to was about someone screaming about being alone.” He thinks for a minute. “By Myself. Ok, yes, that is an angry song.”
“And then there was one about being numb.”
I see him contemplating the songs I listened to. “Another Linkin Park song and. yes, maybe that one is a bit angry.” “The last one I listened to before I stopped was some guy yelling ‘What have you done? ' like he was accusing you of something. I liked the woman’s part of the song, but still the overall tone was angry.”
He nods. “Within Temptation. I love the group, but I can see how that one sounded angry as well. I guess when I made the music list, I wasn’t really in a good head space. I found music that expressed how I was feeling.” He looks down at me. “What kind of music do you like?”
I shrug. “It's been a long time since I was able to listen to music. But my mother and I used to sing songs that she taught me while we were rogues. We’d sing while we looked for plants and foraged for food.”
“Do you know the words or the names of any of them? I can look them up.” “I doubt you'll like them. They're folksier than what you listen to.” “That’s okay. Why don’t you sing one for me?”
I think for a minute and then begin one that my mother and I would sing at night. 
###Chapter 201
My Angel sings like an angel. Holy shit. Her voice is beautiful. As she sings, I take a guess on the title and look up the lyrics. I’m right the song is called Nocturne. It is a much softer song than what I would normally choose, but when my angel sings, it’s alluring.
As she finishes, I kiss the top of her head. “You have a lovely voice.” I tell her.
She looks up at me with those stormy gray eyes and smiles at me. “Thank you. My mom had a great voice. I’m glad to know that l inherited that from her.”
I pulled up a list of songs similar to the one she had sung and set it to play. I kept it low and put my phone on the bedside table. I took her hand in my free one and moved my other hand into her hair, rubbing her head. I have noticed that she seems to like that, and I’m hoping it will help her to fall asleep.
It doesn’t take her long before her breathing evens out and I feel the weight of her head more solidly on my chest. Even after such a difficult evening, I feel content with her in my arms.
As she sleeps, I think about her training tomorrow. I link Dustin asking him to get her a swimsuit. I have already adjusted my schedule to take her shopping for clothes after she’s done training with Clint. My mind then wanders to the vampires.
Cyran snarls in my head. “They will die for what they did to our mate.‘
‘Yes, they will. We need to start gathering intel on them. I have no idea how the covens work or how many vampires we can expect to attack. But they will come, that’s a guarantee. When they find her, they will come for her and we need to be ready.‘
I put out feelers for her friend, Sarah, earlier today, but so far nothing has come back. I run through the litany of things that I need to do for the pack, trying to find a balance to get it all done and not dump too much on Dustin or Jackson, my
Gamma.
Once Angel recognizes me as her mate, I’m hoping we can start moving toward having her Luna ceremony. I don’t know how she feels about taking on that level of responsibility but even if she’s not willing to take it all on, just having her near helps calm me, making my job easier.
And then there’s Eli. I haven’t been down to the cells for over two weeks. It’s time I paid him a visit. Maybe tomorrow after I drop Angel off with Clint, I can get back
+15 BONDS
to his interrogation. Having Angel away from the packhouse is the perfect time. I don’t want to scare her if she sees Eli’s blood on me.
Having my plan in place for tomorrow, I let myself drift to sleep with my angel’s soft singing voice in my head.
Angel is riding me again. Goddess, do I like watching her take her pleasure as I let my hands roam over her body, tweaking her nipples making her moan. I lift up, just enough to take one in my mouth and I’m rewarded with the sounds of her pleasure, her hand gripping my hair, holding me against her. When I move to the other breast sucking the nipple into my mouth, she increases her pace. She's got me so close. I lay down, grabbing her hips forcing her to keep up her pace and as her orgasm shoots through her, her body clamping down on my dick, I lose it. I grunt my release, as my eyes shoot open. What the fuck?
I'm still cumming as I realize that I’ve just had my first fucking wet dream since I was a teenager. When I look down, I realize that Angel is still sleeping, thank the goddess. She’s laying on top of me again and she’s rubbing herself against my dick which is what caused the friction I felt in my dream. It’s a good thing I wore these pants.
I realize when I hear her moan softly that I’m not the only one that was having a sex dream. I think my little mate is trying to get off in her dream. My dick going soft is making it harder for her to find her release, but the sounds coming from her have me going hard again. I don’t want to startle her, but I do want to help her, so I slip a hand in between us. 
###Chapter 202
My sweet angel is dripping wet for me and I growl softly, making her moan in response. I begin rubbing circles around her clit as she continues to rub against me. It doesn’t take long for her find her release. Her scream of pleasure wakes her and I can see that she’s as disoriented as I was for a moment. Before she can. scramble away from me, I wrap my arm around her, holding her in place, my hand still making circles on her clit.
“What...?”
“You were dreaming and I wanted to help you out.” I slide my fingers out from between us when I feel her come down. I keep my eyes on her as I take my fingers into my mouth. I growl again at her sweet taste. A little tart, a lot sweet. Raspberries and cream. Fuck, I want more.
I flip us over, watching her as I slide my hand up her thigh. “I want to taste you.” Her eyes go wide. “Are you going to stop me?” I ask her. She shakes her head, no. Thank the goddess.
I slide my shirt up her body. Her hands come up to cover herself. I take them, gently moving them back to her sides. “Let me look at you.”
“I have so many ugly scars.”
“Didn't I say that scars are a way to show that we are stronger than we know?” She nods. “Then let me see how strong my sweet little angel is.”
I keep my eyes on her, as I start to pull the shirt off again. She doesn’t stop me, so I lift it over her head and drop it on the floor. Then I let my eyes feast on her. She’s filled out a bit since she came here. The scars are everywhere, so I take my time, making my way down her body, kissing them as I go. When I get to her breasts, I take her nipple in my mouth, just like in my dream. I look up at her and see her watching me. I gently nibble then suck watching her eyes go dark before her eyes close and a soft moan leaves her lips. I move over to the other breast giving it the same attention. She lifts up into my mouth and I suck as I pull off her nipple, releasing it with a soft pop.
I'm moving my way down her body, when I feel her hands, pulling at my shirt. I take one hand pulling it over my head and tossing it beside hers on the floor. 1 look up at her. “Did you want me naked too?”
She nods. “Words Angel.” I tell her. +15 BONOS
“Yes, I want you naked too.” I sit up, pulling my pants down and kicking them on the floor. I wrap my hands around her legs, tugging her toward me before lifting them over my shoulders. I keep my eyes on hers, watching for any fear, but I see only lust and desire.
When I get close to her core, I blow on her glistening lips. Still watching her, I slide my tongue between her lips, tasting her sweetness. I can’t help but groan, she tastes so fucking good. I start lapping at her like a kitten lapping at milk, licking all her juices off her before focusing on her clit.
When I suck her clit into my mouth, she pushes her hips into my face, her legs clamping down on either side of my head. I slide a hand up, letting my finger rub against her back entrance before coming to her core. I slip a finger inside her and she’s so fucking tight. I begin moving my finger in and out as I continue licking and sucking her clit. I can feel her body tightening up already. I slide a second finger inside her, stretching her gently. When I feel her on the verge, I suck hard on her clit and curve my fingers inside her, continuing my in and out movement.
Her inner walls clamp down on my fingers as she screams my name. My growl of pleasure has her riding my face, as her orgasm rips through her. That's all it pleasure has her riding my fac takes to have me shooting off again. I slowly let us both ride out our orgasms, bringing us down before I kiss my way back up her body. When I reach her mouth, I slide my tongue in, letting her taste herself.
“So fucking sweet.” I say when I finally pull away. “I could have you for breakfast every morning.” I watch as my sweet mate blushes from her ears to her chest. “Come on, let’s go shower, you have training this morning.”
Cooper Author
Leave me a comment and let me know what you think of the story so far. Updates occur 
###Chapter 203
Well, that’s one way to wake up in the morning. After dreaming about Liam between my legs, trying to find my release, waking to my actual release, the first ever in my life, then having the real-life version of Liam between my legs, my mind and body are on overload. The things that man can do with his tongue and fingers.
He takes my hand and helps me off the bed, chuckling when my legs are. unsteady. We walk into the bathroom and he starts the shower, looking at the shampoo and body wash. “When we go shopping later, we'll get you some new things for the shower. These scents don’t suit you.” He turns to me, “Unless you like them?” he asks.
I shake my head no. “I like berry scented fragrances. Mom and I would use what we found in the forest and make our own.”
He steps aside so I can step into the shower ahead of him. As I pass him, he leans in, sniffing my hair. “Berries is exactly what you smell like.”
I turn to him as he steps in behind me. He pushes me under the shower, rinsing my hair. “I smell like berries to you?” I ask.
He’s busy making sure my hair is wet. “Yes, raspberries and cream.” He looks down at me. “And you taste even better than you smell.” He says, making me blush.
He smiles leaning down to kiss my nose. “You smell like the forest to me.” I tell him. He frowns slightly. “All wolves smell like the forest.” He says.
I shake my head as he pours shampoo into his hands and begins rubbing it into my hair. I can feel my body relaxing under his gentle attention. I love the way he rubs his fingers against my scalp. I didn’t realize I had closed my eyes until I opened them to see him smiling down at me.
“You like that?”
“Yes. It feels amazing. But back to your scent. It’s not the same as other wolves. You smell like fresh air and sunshine. Does that sound crazy?”
He looks at me before pulling me closer to him and taking my long hair in his hands to wash all of it. “That depends. Do you like the way I smell?” +15 BONOS
“Yes. It reminds me of the good times, when mom and I would be walking through the forest after a rainstorm, or first thing in the morning, when the sun is coming up over the trees and there is still dew on the forest floor. You smell like that. Well, that and.....man, or alpha. I’m not sure but you definitely have a very masculine scent that mingles with the forest.”
He leans my head back into the shower spray. “As long as you like it, that’s all that matters to me.” He says as he rinses my hair. Then he grabs the conditioner and begins working it into my hair, combing his fingers from root to end. I can’t help the purring sound that comes. I could stand here all day while he did this. “I do like it and it’s like it’s getting stronger the more time I spend with you.” My eyes have closed and I start to sway a bit has his hands continue their trek through my hair.
“Wrap your arms around me.” He says softly and I do. It helps to hold me steady. “Your hair is like silk. It's so soft and even at this length, it barely has any tangles in it.” I open my eyes at the tone of his voice. He looks mesmerized by my hair. He looks at me. “Did you still want to cut it?”
“Yes, but only because the ends really need it. I'll keep it long.” He smiles at that. He leans my head back and rinses my hair. I’m wondering if I could return the favor somehow even though he’s so tall. I reach my hand up and run it through his hair. He leans his head against my hand. “I’m past due for a haircut too. My hair becomes unruly when it gets this long.” 
###Chapter 204
Chapter 0204 “I can cut it for you.” He looks at me and I shrug. “I used to cut both my mom and dad's hair.”
“I'd like that, maybe this evening after shopping.” He kisses my nose again then hands me a washcloth. “Your hair is clean milady.”
“Thank you.” We finish showering and when it’s time to get dressed, I don’t know what to wear. “I don’t have a bathing suit.”
Liam walks to the door, opening it to a package sitting on the floor. He comes back in, closing the door and brings it to the bed. “I had Dustin find you a bathing suit, but we'll get you a couple of your own when we go shopping.”
It's a one-piece suit with a cover up that has long sleeves and goes to the floor. I’m thankful. I didn’t want to walk around with my skin exposed.
After we're dressed, we head out. The drive to Canyon Ridge Pack is peaceful. Liam rolls the windows down and holds my hand again. When we get to Clint’s place, he walks me inside.
“Angel! Are you ready to start your training?” Clint asks me with a gleam in his
eye.
Clint. You said you were going to take it slow.” Liam states firmly.
“I did, and I will. But training Guardians is different than
ing other wolves ” He looks back at me. “I’d go odds with Dean that you'll be feeling stronger before you leave here today.” “Who's Dean?” I ask.
Cara comes up behind me. “He’s our resident bookie. This pack loves to bet on anything and everything.” She states shaking her head, Rik smiling behind her.
“You're just still sore that they bet against Artemis that one time.” He says to Cara.
There’s obviously a story there, but Clint interrupts telling us to follow him. Liam follows us to the outdoor pool. It’s a large pool. By human standards, it’s
probably Olympic size.
“Okay, Angel, you do know how to swim, right?” Clint asks me.
“Kind of late to be asking now.” Liam mutters beside me.
+15 BONOS
I smile but nod. “It’s been a long time, but I’m sure it will come back to me.” “Okay then, hop in.”
Cara pulls her cover up off and dives into the deep end. I turn, looking at Liam. I hadn't thought through having so many people see my scars. Liam immediately takes my hands in his. “Remember, these people are your family. They won't judge you.”
Clint rolls over to me. “He’s right sweetheart. Nothing that happened to you is your fault. You're a resilient woman with a very strong wolf. Only someone strong would be given a Guardian spirit. Any scars you have are only proof of that.”
Rik walks over to the water, squatting down to speak to Cara. I look at Liam and Clint before pulling the cover up over my head. I can feel my blush as Clint looks. at the scars covering my body.
“A person indisputably worthy of Andra’s Guardian spirit. Come on, in you go.” He jerks his head toward the pool.
I turn to look at Liam. “Will you be okay here without me?” He asks me.
“Yes. I think I will.” He gives me a quick kiss before turning to Clint. “What time. should I pick her up?”
It's Cara that answers. “We'll bring her home. I want to show her around the packhouse and maybe have her stay for lunch if she’s up for it.”
Liam looks back at me. “Don’t overdo it but have fun.”
I turn to head into the pool. The water is a bit cool as I walk down the steps into the shallow end. Liam winks at me as he and Rik head out.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 205
Cara’s request to keep Angel longer is advantageous. It means I will have more time with Eli today.
As I walk out with Rik, I ask the question that’s been sitting uneasily in my mind. “How do you do it?” I ask and look at him.. “Which part?” He asks chuckling.
I chuckle too. “Sorry. How do you handle being mated to a Guardian, knowing she would lay down her life for you? As an Alpha, I can’t wrap my head around it. That’s our job, we’re the protectors of the pack, the entire pack. How do you do it?”
His smile fades and looks off into the forest before answering. “It’s not easy. It’s in their genes, just like it’s in ours. We protect our pack, they protect us. I told Cara after Eli kidnapped her that I didn’t ever want her sacrificing herself for me again. I asked her to stand beside me, rather than in front of me. That’s the key, I think.” He stops and looks at me.
“You have to agree to treat her as an equal and she has to agree to fight beside you when the time comes. It’s a compromise on both sides, one I was willing to make to try to keep her safe. Cara may be the Luna of this pack, but she is my equal. That said, she also submitted to me.”
I whip my head to look at him. “Cara submitted to you?”
His eyes take on a far away look. “She did before we were mated and continues to on rare occasions. I know she doesn’t have to and nothing I would do or say could force her to, so it has to come from her.”
“How? How did you get her to submit to you?” I ask.
His eyes refocus on me. “By being everything she needs and wants in a mate. By being a better man than I ever thought I could be, because she expects it, demands it. When I did that, she submitted to me on her own. So, we are equals, but I am still her Alpha.”
I nod, thinking. I have no idea what Angel would expect from me or want in a mate. I need to start figuring that out if this is going to work between us. “Thanks Rik.”
“Anytime. We still need to meet about our plans for the vampires and protecting our borders.”
Rik nods. “I'll bring Chase.”
We say our goodbyes and I head back home. When I arrive, I head straight down to the dungeons. I walk to the front of his cell. “One chance Eli. Why'd you do it?”
His response is the same. “I didn’t kill Luna Estella.”
I snarl at him. “Do not say her name. You don’t get to say her name ever!”
I turn to the guards. “String him up.”
He doesn’t fight it when they pull his arms over his head. I let the frustration of everything over the past couple of weeks come out. My mate nearly dead, vampires wanting to take her from me again, all the suffering that Angel had to endure, Angel being a Guardian, my mother’s death, my father’s absence, everything comes out as I land punch after punch.
I stand back when he’s hanging by his hands, unable to stand. “Why did you do it?” I ask again. “I didn’t do it.” He says. I swing a final punch, knocking him out. I turn to the guards. “Get him down. As usual, give him enough food and water to survive.”
I'm wiping my hands when I realize I've been down here much longer than I realized. I need to get upstairs and shower before my mate comes home.
When I step into the hallway, just off the kitchen, I immediately smell her scent. Raspberries and cream. My mind and body calm. I love that her scent lingers when she’s not here.
I quickly head upstairs, hopping into the shower and washing off the blood and gore from Eli’s beating. I’m nearly done when I get a frantic mind link from
Dustin.
“Alpha, she’s running!”
“Who's running?”
“Angel. She’s running and she’s fucking fast, you need to get out here.”
What the fuck?! I shut off the water and run out the door and down the hall. I shift. as I leap over the banister of the stairs, landing on the bottom floor on all four
for me as Cyran races out. “Where are you?” I mind link Dustin.
“She’s heading in the direction of the waterfall.” I pick up my pace. I didn’t even know she was back home. What spooked her that has her running?
“When did she get back?” I link.
“I don’t know. The patrols saw her running and alerted me.”
“Has anyone smelled the vampire scent? Could they have found her?”
“We haven't smelled anything, but she’s a Guardian. Her sense of smell is better than ours.”
“Check with the patrols, make sure they haven't seen or smelled anything.”
I can hear the footfalls of several wolves as I get closer to the waterfall. When I break through the foliage, I see Dustin trying to keep up with her as she climbs the falls. I howl, hoping she'll stop when she realizes I’m here.
I watch as she turns to look at me. But rather than relief, I see horror in her eyes. The fuck?
I start running forward again, bounding past the patrols that have followed Angel here. I quickly gain on my Beta, leaping over his wolf, Leon, to get to my mate. I don’t know what it is, but something is very, very wrong.
When I get to the top, she’s at the edge of the precipice. She turns looking at Cyran, her eyes are haunted. “I won't do it again. I would rather die than be around monsters.”
Cyran whines at her. ‘What the fuck did you do?‘ He screams at me. ‘I don’t know." He lays down and begins to belly crawl toward her, whining and whimpering at how close she is to the edge of the cliff.
Tears are falling non-stop down her cheeks. She’s chanting softly, I’m not sure she even realizes it, saying over and over ‘I can’t do it.
She looks at Cyran. “I won't do it.” She says, just as softly.
“I don’t care if you’re our mate. I won't bind myself to a monster. And he’s a monster. I'm so sorry Cyran.” If she jumps, I know that we'll jump after her. I don’t know if she can survive that
+15 BONOS
kind of fall, but I know that we won't. I don’t care, it doesn’t matter. She knows. she’s our mate and she'd rather die than be with me, she thinks I’m a monster. If she rejects me, I'd rather die too. 
###Chapter 206
Swimming in the pool feels really good. Clint takes it slow with me, helping me to stretch muscles that haven’t been used in too many years. Cara laps me over and over. I’m reminded of one of those Avengers movies Dad was able to get for us when we were in the cabin, the guy on the track saying “on your left*. I have a whole new appreciation and aggravation for that phrase now.
When we're done, my muscles are sore but it’s a good sore. ‘Clint was right, I feel stronger.’ Alessia says to me.
I hop out of the pool, Cara bringing me a towel. I’m glad Alessia feels stronger because I’m exhausted. Cara sits down next to me as Clint rolls his wheelchair
over. “How are you feeling?” He asks me.
“Alessia says she’s feeling stronger, but I’m exhausted.” I say honestly. Cara nods her head. “Yep, that sounds familiar. It definitely takes a toll on you for her to get stronger, but it’s worth it.”
Clint is looking at me thoughtfully. “Why don’t we make sandwiches around here. today and you can see the packhouse tomorrow. I promised Liam I wouldn’t overdo it with you and I keep my promises.” That sounds wonderful to me.
Over lunch, Cara tells me about her conversation with Ailduin and that he is coming to visit next weekend. He’s excited to see me and will be bringing his son, Aolis, with him to begin recording my story for their Guardian Chronicles.
Clint tells me about the strengths of the Bellona line, including enhanced healing. “It explains how Alessia was able to heal you for so long and why your scars aren’t more prevalent.” He says.
“They seem pretty prevalent to me.” I say, looking down at my arms and all the old wounds that are on them. “But imagine what you would look like if you didn’t have Alessia’s healing power.”
“Dad's right.” Cara jump’s in. “Your wounds could be much worse, could have gotten infected, and who knows what else, given the frequency you were being fed on.”
I hadn't given it much consideration. I was so worried about how awful they looked that I didn’t think about how lucky I was to have gotten away with only scarring and nothing worse.
TIS ROHOS ‘Im sorry I couldn’t do more.” Alessia says to me. “You did so much. I’m thankful for what you did do.”
‘I think there is more that I can do once we shift. I don’t think I'll be able to take them away, but I think I might be able to make them less noticeable.’
‘Don’t overdo it either. I’m just glad we’re both getting stronger and healthier.’
“So, Angel, when’s the last time you ran?” Clint asks me.
“Ran, like for fun or exercise, or for fear of being caught?” I ask.
“Exercise.” Clint clarifies.
“Uh, well, never. That wasn’t something that dad did for training. We mostly just sparred, and he taught me how to fight.”
He nods. “Fighting is important but so is endurance. I think tomorrow I’ll have you run. Cara can still run for another month or so, but she has a higher endurance than you, at least for now. We'll still take it slow with you.”
After lunch, I help clean up. I’m tired and ready to lay down before going shopping with Liam this afternoon. Cara offers to drive me home and we have an easy conversation about being a Luna, her pregnancy, due date and general preparations around the baby.
“Do you want me to come in with you?” She asks when we arrive.
“No, I know where I’m going. Thanks. I'll see you tomorrow.”
“Can't wait!” She says. I wave as she pulls away.
As I turn to the packhouse, the overwhelming scent of the forest hits my nose. MATE, MATE, MATE! Alessia says, jumping up and down excitedly in my head.
“Our mate is here?’ I ask her.
‘Yes! Hurry, I want to see him.’ She says and I rush inside.
It's the scent of blood that has me stopping short. It’s mixed with my mate’s scent. Is my mate injured? I take a hesitant step into the kitchen and that’s when I see him. Liam. Liam is my mate, but he’s covered in blood. Blood that isn’t his.
Every horrific memory of the feeding room comes crashing down on me. Alessia is whining in my head, not understanding why our mate would be covered in blood.
I can’t breathe. I'm trying to take in air, but my lungs won’t work. I duck behind a wall, staying out of sight as I watch Liam head upstairs to his room. ‘He’s a
+15 BONDS monster Alessia. I told you. I told you we shouldn't trust him.*
She’s whimpering, wanting her mate, but also afraid of what she saw. ‘We have. to get out of here. I can’t do it again Alessia. I can't live like that again.”
###Chapter 207
So, I do what I’ve done every time something bad happens. I run. I duck out of the packhouse not letting anyone see me. As soon as I see the forest, I take off. I may have been tired earlier, but my adrenaline is pumping now. In a fight or flight situation, I fly. And that’s what I’m doing. I’m running as fast as my legs will carry me.
I hear the sound of paws digging into the earth behind me. They are coming after me. They are going to catch me. If they catch me, I will be a prisoner again. I can’t go back to that place. I can’t live like that again. I can’t risk losing Alessia when I’m so close to getting her back. Maybe if I can make it to the Canyon Ridge Pack, they will give me refuge until I can figure something else out. It’s not the best option, since they all seem to be friendly with Liam, but it’s the best option that I have when I literally have wolves breathing down my neck.
I push harder, faster. There’s only one place that I know to go where I might be able to get away, and I head to the waterfall. It won't help to hide my scent, they are too close. But maybe I can crawl down the cliff face. They would have to shift to follow me, and it will give me a few extra minutes to escape.
When I get to the falls, I start to climb. It will be easier for me in human form than it will be for them in wolf form. I’m about halfway up when I hear it, the howl of a familiar wolf. I turn and see Cyran looking at me. Alessia whines in my head. She wants her mate.
‘We can’t have Cyran without Liam, Alessia.’ ‘I know, but it doesn’t make it any easier to lose him when we’ve only just found him.*
I don’t have time to argue as I see Cyran start to follow me again. I climb as fast as I can, but he’s fast. I’ve just gotten to the edge of the cliffs when I hear Cyran whine behind me.
I turn to look at him. “I won’t do it again. I would rather die than be around
monsters.’
Cyran whimpers at me. Alessia is whining in my head. ‘I can’t do it Alessia, I just can’t do it.“ Cyan crawls toward me, whimpering.
“I won't do it.” I tell Cyran. “I don’t care if you’re our mate. I won’t bind myself to a monster. And he’s a monster.” It’s not Cyran that I’m running from. He has
+15 BONOS been nothing but amazing. He would be a wonderful mate and he doesn’t deserve this. “I’m so sorry Cyran.”
I turn to see if there is a way down the cliff. I need to get out of here before he can grab me. I hear bones cracking behind me and I turn to see Liam on the ground.
“Please Angel. Please, tell me what I did. I can’t fix it if I don’t know what I did e wrong. I'll do anything. Anything. Just don’t jump.”
He thinks I’m going to jump. I guess it’s an option. I did say I'd rather die than be with a monster, but I didn’t mean to jump and kill Alessia too. I might run us into the ground, starve us while we run and hide, but I wouldn’t jump. Even Alessia couldn't heal from that.
“Please.” He’s on his knees, he hasn’t stood up. His eyes are tormented. ‘He’s being honest.’ Alessia tells me, although it’s obvious by the look on his face. “Please just talk to me, tell me what happened. Let me fix it.”
“I saw you.” I say quietly.
I see the confusion on his face. He truly doesn’t know what I’m talking about.
“When we got back, I could smell you. Alessia said you were our mate.” He nods, he already knew. That explains why he’s been doing so much for me.
“I followed your scent into the kitchen, and I saw you.” My hand comes to my mouth as nausea washes over me. “You looked just like them. Covered in blood. Vampires. Monsters.” My mind is taking me back again. I can feel the panic and anxiety threatening to take me under. I can’t breathe.
As I struggle to take in any air, the darkness begins to set in. Just as I start to lose consciousness and fall, I see Liam jump up to catch me.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 208
I have never, not once, begged for anything, and definitely not while I was on my knees. Not until today. Today, I will do anything that this woman wants me to do, if she will only stay with me. Rik’s words come flooding back into my head. ‘Be everything she needs and wants you to be.‘ I didn’t know what that meant, but right now, it means that I will humble myself as I have never done before.
When I realize that it's me she’s running from, because of what I looked like when I left Eli, I feel a stabbing pain in my heart. I did this. I made our mate scared of us.
‘And you better fucking fix it. I warned you. If we lose her, I will go feral and I'll kill anyone and everyone in my path.’
Even if my wolf wasn’t threatening to go feral, I must fix this. This sweet little angel has found a way to calm the chaos in my mind and body. I need her like I need air to breathe. Cara’s rejection is nothing compared to the possibility of Angel rejecting us.
As she paints the picture, I can see that her witnessing me covered in blood has thrown her back into her own private hell. As soon as she starts hyperventilating, I’m ready. I expect her to pass out and when she starts to drop, I jump up to catch her before she can fall off the cliff.
Once she’s in my arms, I turn and see Dustin watching. I snarl at him. He raises his hands in a surrendering gesture and bares his neck. “I made sure no one else was up here. It was just me and you know I will never say anything.”
Alphas don’t submit. If the pack thought that I was weak, I’d be challenged daily and I'd have to kill too many pack members before re—claiming my undisputed title of Alpha.
I begin the slow decent back down the waterfall with Angel in my arms. I look at Dustin. “I need you to run things until I can take care of this. I need to make this right. Nothing is more important than her right now.”
“Yes Alpha.”
I was worried that Angel might wake up on the walk back, but she remained unconscious. I walked past pack members, all wondering what was going on. Dustin must have ordered them to move along because I hear a couple of yips before everyone finds something to do other than stare at me and Angel.
I tuck her into her bed and quickly run into my room, grabbing some clothes, 1/2 +15 BONOS
before coming back and pulling up a chair. I don’t want her trying to run off again. We need to talk, I need to know what I can do to fix this, make her see that
I'm not a monster.
But, a part of me wonders if I haven’t become a sort of monster. I’ve had Eli in my cells for months. I use him as my own personal punching bag. My hate, anger, sadness, frustration, loneliness, it all rolls into something that feels an awful lot like a monster.
Angel even said that my music was angry. I hadn’t considered it. I made the list after I lost Cara, when I felt like I would be alone forever. It matched my feelings. at the time, and even since then, it’s felt like it fit my mood and feelings.
But I haven't listened to that song list since Angel has been here. I don’t feel alone anymore. If anything, I feel vulnerable for the first time in my life. This sweet little angel has given me a hope that I never had before. A hope for a different kind of life. The kind of life that I've always wanted but was too afraid to dream of. A life where I’m not alone anymore. And now, I may have fucked it all. up, by being the person that I am.
I grab my earbuds and my phone and I start to create a new playlist, something that I think my Angel will like. Something that tells her how I feel about her and how she is changing me, even if she doesn’t realize it.
I'm busy listening to songs, reading lyrics to find the ones that convey what I want to tell her, when I hear her moving around. I look up and see her staring at
her gray eyes wide. me,
I slowly pull the earbuds out of my ears and set my phone on the bed. I don’t say. anything, I wait for her..
“Who was it? Who did you kill?” She asks me.
“I didn’t kill anyone, I swear. His name is Eli Gunnar, I hurt him, yes, but he’s not dead.” 
+15 BONDS 
###Chapter 209
Chapter 0209 “Why?”
“He’s the man that murdered my mother. I found him about six months ago.” I look down. I’m not proud, telling her about what I've done. It makes me feel ashamed, even when I believe that he deserves everything he gets.
“I've been trying to get him to tell me why he killed my mother, but he keeps telling me he didn’t do it.” “How do you know he did it?”
“He was found holding her dead and bloodied body. When someone tried to confront him, he ran. My father searched for him for years, and then I searched for him. He evaded us for 18 years. I want him to pay for what he did to my mother, but I want to know why before I kill him.”
She doesn’t say anything, just looks down at the blanket, plucking at it with her fingers.
“If it upsets you, I'll kill him and be done with it.” I tell her.
She doesn’t look up, but I hear the tears in her voice. “You’re my mate.”
“Yes. I knew the minute I saw you. Alessia hasn’t been strong enough until today to feel the mate bond.”
“I don’t want to be mated to a murderer.” She whispers and it breaks my heart. I don’t know how I can promise not to ever kill again, especially when that blood- sucker who hurt her is still out there.
“lm an Alpha, an Alpha werewolf. We are a violent species. I can’t say that I have never killed or that I would never kill again. I would kill to keep this pack safe. I would kill those who hurt the ones I love. And I want to kill the fuckers that hurt you so badly I want to scream.
1
I reach out to take her hand. “I want to make this right with you and I will do just about anything to do that. But please, don’t ask me to walk away and not kill those leeches that are responsible for your nightmares, the same ones that put a bounty on your head. I don’t kill indiscriminately or for fun, and I’m willing to prove that to you. So please, don’t ask that of me. Neither Cyran nor I can agree to that.”
She looks at me for a long moment. “You scared me, really scared me.”
“I'm so sorry. I never wanted you to see me like that. I didn’t know you were
+15 BONOS
home yet, and I was going to shower before you got back so you didn’t have to see that.”
I take her hand in both of mine. “Please, give me a chance to show you that I’m not a monster. Maybe I’ve become angry and distant, maybe I am a vicious killer when someone is threatening what is mine. But that’s not who I am, not who I want to be with you. You make me feel at peace, help me to clear my head. I may not be gentle, it’s not really who I am, but I will try if that’s what you want me to be. I want to be everything you've always wanted in a mate. Just give me a chance. That's all I ask. Please.”
I know I have tears in my eyes. I don’t cry. It’s another sign of weakness in a pack. I haven't cried since my mother died. But for this woman, my mate, my sweet angel, I have opened myself up and laid myself bare at her feet. I can only hope that she doesn’t rebuff me and walk away.
I wait for her response, watching her as she looks at me for a long moment. Okay Liam. I'll give you a chance. Alessia wants Cyran, and Cara and Clint believe. in you. For those reasons, I'll give you a chance. Don’t make me regret it.”
I take her hand and kiss it. “You won't. I promise.”
‘If you even begin to mess this up, I'll rip you to shreds.‘ My wolf tells me. Glad to know I mean so much to him. ‘Our mate is everything. Fix this so we can mark them as ours.*
“Are you hungry? Do you want me to have them bring some food up? Or, better yet, how about I take you out, show you around more of the pack lands. We can grab dinner and get you some clothes. You must be tired of wearing kid clothes.
“I'd like a shower first, then we can go out. I think I’d like to see more of the pack lands.” Cooper Author
Poor Liam, he’s so afraid of losing Angel. 
###Chapter 210
Alessia told me that everything Liam said was truthful. He wants to make this right. He doesn’t kill just to kill. And he’s right, he is an Alpha. He’s been carrying a huge burden for so many years, it’s not fair of me to ask that he not ever kill. I know more than many how violent ours and other supernatural species can be. And I want the vampires dead too. I want to know that I am safe, after so many years of living in fear. So, how can I hold him to a standard that I am not willing to live up to.
‘Plus, we’re his Guardian.‘ ‘What? What does that mean, Alessia?‘
‘A Guardian is the protector of an Alpha. The Alpha changes with the death and rebirth of the Guardian spirit. Liam and Cyran being our mate, makes us their Guardian. We can’t walk away from them. It is our destiny to protect them.”
‘So even if I don’t want to be, I’m stuck with him?”
‘I guess you don’t have to agree to being his mate, but yes, for the entirety of our lives, we are bound to them.’
Well, that sucks. I guess I need to figure out a way to live with him.
When I'm done showering, I change and walk to his room, knocking on the door. It opens immediately and he looks at me. “Ready?” He asks and I nod.
When we get downstairs, I see the pack members skirting around us, rather than coming up to Liam like they have the last couple of times we’ve come downstairs together.
As we walk to the car, I ask him about it. “What’s up with the pack members? Why didn’t anyone approach you?”
He opens my door, lifting me into the passenger seat. “I've asked them to give me some space. I need to focus on you and me right now. I don’t want any distractions.” He looks at me. “You are the most important thing to me. They can wait.”
I frown as he walks around the car and gets in. “But they're your pack. They need you.” I say, not really understanding how he is putting the needs of the pack on hold.
+15 BONOS
He turns and looks at me. “And I need you. I don’t think you understand just how much I need you, or how much I’m willing to do so that you will stay with me.’ He turns and starts the truck. “And Dustin is handling anything that can’t wait.” He turns back to me. “Is it okay to go shopping first or are you hungry?”
“Shopping is good.”
He pulls out of the driveway and starts down the road. He sets his phone to play music through the car speakers. The first song sounds a bit like some of the first ones that I heard, although this one doesn’t sound angry. If anything, it sounds. like liberation from guilt. Weird.
“I wasn’t going to jump.” I tell him, needing him to know. He turns and looks at me, before looking back at the road. “You were at the cliffs edge and you said you'd rather die than live with a monster.”
“I was at the edge. I was trying to find a way down. I thought I could maybe make it to Canyon Ridge before your wolves caught up to me, but Cyran is really fast.” “We had a lot of adrenaline pushing us.”
“I just didn’t want you to think that I was going to jump. I wouldn’t want to kill Alessia like that. I’m only just getting her back.”
“Can I ask how your day went with Clint? How was training?” He asks, changing the subject and I can see his hand twitching. I’m guessing he really wants to hold my hand. I told him I'd give him a chance, so I will. I reach over, and slide my hand, palm up onto his thigh where he usually holds it. His response is instantaneous. He reaches down and intertwines his fingers with mine. I watch ast some of the tension around his eyes and mouth eases.
‘He really does care for us.‘ Alessia says in my head. And she’s right. I can see how much today has impacted him, caused him more stress that he didn’t need. 
###Chapter 211
He pulls my hand up to his mouth and kisses it. “Thank you.” He says, turning his head to look at me. “For what?”
“For giving me a chance. I won't let you down.”
“You're welcome. And training went well. I was exhausted afterward but Alessia said she felt stronger. Maybe that’s why she could finally tell you were our mate.”
He nods his head. “That makes sense. Are you supposed to go back tomorrow?”
“Yes. Same time. Oh, and, Cara told me that someone named Ailduin will be here next weekend. He’s bringing his son and they want to hear and document my story.”
“The Fae King and his son Aolis. Apparently, they are the keepers of the Guardian’s history. I’m sure he'll be thrilled to meet you.” “I've never met any of the Fae. Do you know anything about them?”
He looks at me, giving my hand a gentle squeeze. “From what I’ve heard from Rik and Cara, he’s a good king. He apparently was mated to someone with your Guardian spirit a long time ago, so he’s a bit partial to Alessia. But don’t go getting any ideas. You're my mate.” He growls the last part out.
“And apparently, I’m your Guardian too.” I turn to look at him. “Did you know that?”
He glances at me but keeps his eyes on the road. “I assumed. Seeing that Cara is Rik’s Guardian, and they are mates, it was a logical assumption.”
I nod as we pull into a quaint looking area with shops on either side of the main road. Liam parks and comes around to help me down. He takes my hand and walks me to a shop advertising women’s clothes. “These shops are on the border. of Rik’s and our pack lands. Both packs come here to shop. There are human cities nearby and we can go there if you would like. I have my offices in the nearest city, and I'd like to show it to you eventually anyway.”
It doesn’t escape me that he called them ‘our’ pack lands. When the man says he’s willing to be everything I want in a mate, he jumps in with both feet.
When we walk into the shop, the woman at the counter looks aggravated until she sees Liam. “Alpha! What a pleasant surprise. How can I help you today?” She is looking at and talking to Liam like I’m not in the room.
+15 BONDS
Alessia stands up in my head, growling at this woman for her disrespect. She pushes forward and I know the instant that the woman realizes her mistake. Her eyes widen into saucers, and she gulps audibly. “Guardian. My apologies.” She bares her neck to me. “Il was unaware that we had another Guardian in our packs.”
“Sophia. This is Angel, a Guardian as you can see, and my mate.”
Her eyes immediately go to my neck, looking for a mate mark. “Your....mate?” “Yes. We are here to get her some new clothes. Can you help us?”
“Of course, Alpha. What kind of clothes were you thinking?”
Liam turns to me. Again, the woman was ignoring me. “Would you like to look around and see what you'd like to try on?” He asks me.
“Yes, that would be great.”
“Please look around. Let me know if you need any assistance at all.” Sophia says. to Liam.
Liam guides me further into the store and we begin to look at the clothes. We find some jeans, tops and other clothes before I head into the changing rooms.
Liam insists on seeing everything that I try on and makes suggestions. In the end, I found several outfits, some workout clothes and some cute nightgowns. “This is a good start.” Liam says as he pays for the clothes. I see he also grabbed some scented body wash and lotion as well. “We'll go shopping again soon, but I want to get some food in you.”
It's more clothing than I've had in years, but I don’t want to argue in front of Sophia, who continues to ignore me and flirt with Liam. Thankfully, he ignores
her. When she’s done ringing up the purchase, he grabs the bag and turns to me. Ready?”
“Ready.” 
###Chapter 212
Sophia ignoring Angel aggravated me, but I didn’t want to cause any more strife between us, so I let it go. In the future, I will not have anyone disrespecting my mate that way. She’s their future Luna and like it or not, they will treat her as such.
I insisted that Angel wear one of her new outfits. I wanted her to feel comfortable in her own skin, not like she’s wearing hand— me-—down clothes from kids in the pack. Even dressed in adult clothes, her face has the sweetness of youth. I reach out and take her hand. I’m so thankful she’s willing to give me another chance.
“What is this song that’s playing?” She asks me. “It doesn’t sound like something you would listen to.” She turns and looks at me. “Well, not based on the playlist I listened to the first time anyway. But even without that, this seems. almost....girly.”
I raise an eyebrow, looking at her in mock offense. “Girly? You think my music is girly?” “Well, um...” I pull her hand to my lips, kissing it. I love kissing her hand, smelling her scent.
“I'm joking. I made this playlist for you while you were sleeping. It’s what I was doing when you woke up and saw me with my phone and earbuds in.”
She tilts her head to the side. “What made you pick the songs? They’re very different.”
“I'm not great at saying how I feel. I’m not used to being open with anyone. So, I thought maybe I could make you a playlist to tell you how I feel, about you and about us. Or at least, what I want for us.”
“I like that line.” She says, her eyes unfocused, listening to the song.
“Which one?”
She sings it to me.
“Full is not heavy as empty,
Not nearly, my love
Not nearly, my love
Not nearly.”
DONOR SI
“It's true and I think you and I both understand that.” She says as she looks at 1.me.
“Yes. But I would say that until you, I didn’t understand it, never having felt what it could be like to feel full. I was always empty. Full feels light as a feather.”
She smiles at me as I pull into a parking spot. There is one upscale restaurant in this part of our pack lands. It’s on the border between the two packs. It’s really the only date night restaurant there is, and I’m hoping I can score a table last minute.
We walk up the drive and she takes in the twinkling lights of the place. The owners have done a really nice job of making it look otherworldly.
“It's beautiful.” She says and I can hear the wonder in her voice. “It's called Ethereal. I’m not sure we can get in, but I wanted to try. If not tonight, we’ll come back another time.”
When we get inside Tamara, one of the owners, is at the front. “Hey Tamara. Is it possible to get a table for two? I don’t have a reservation. It was a last-minute decision and I was hoping you could seat us.”
“Good evening, Alpha Liam. Let me take a look.” She looks over her seating chart then around the restaurant, before looking back at me. “Do you mind sitting out back on the patio?”
I look at Angel. She shakes her head no, she doesn’t mind.
“That will work.” “Perfect, it's a more secluded spot than what I can get you inside.”
She walks us to a table for two that is tucked off to the side, offering a bit of privacy. The atmosphere outside is almost better than it is inside, so this is perfect.
“Thank you, Tamara.” “Thank you for coming in Alpha. I hope you both enjoy your dinner.” She says before leaving us. I watch as Angel looks around. “Do you come here often?” She asks, looking at
1.me.
###Chapter 213
GET IT NOW Chapter 0213
“No. It’s kind of a date spot, and well, I don’t really date. I've been a couple of times on any own. I sat at the bar inside listening to music. Or, when Dustin and I were working late, we might come in and grab a steak.”
“What made you bring me here?” “Isn't it obvious Angel?” She shakes her head, no.
“I'm trying to impress you. Show you that there is more to me than the monster. you saw earlier today.” She looks at me for a long moment before looking at the
menu. “What do you suggest?”
“Well, if you trust me, I can order for both of us.”
I watch as she closes her menu. “Surprise me, then.”
I smile as our waitress walks over. I order a bottle of wine and appetizers. I’m hoping a good workout today will have increased her appetite, so I'll be ordering her a steak and potatoes to share.
“I have a question for you,” she says. “And I’ll preface it with, ‘you’re not going to like it’.”
I reach over and take her hands. “I told you, you can ask me anything. I may not. like your question, you may not like my answer, but I want us to communicate and be honest with each other.”
She nods, looking down at our hands. “Would you let me see Eli?” My whole body goes rigid. I clench my jaw and I can feel the muscle twitching with the force I am exerting.
“Why?” It comes out as a growl and I rein it in. “What I mean is, you may not realize that he kidnapped Cara and tried to forcibly mark her. You meeting with him puts you at risk and I don’t feel comfortable having you close to him.”
“You would be with me the entire time.” She says, holding my gaze. I don’t want her near that murderer. I should have killed him, then none of this would be happening.
Our wine comes while I’m a contemplating how to convince her to not see him. Before getting back to the heavy conversation, I pick up my glass, holding it up to
clink with hers.
+15 BONOS
“To a fresh start and new beginnings, together.” She tips her glass to mine. “Together.”
Okay, I might have just set myself up.
I sigh. “Tell me why you want to see him.”
“Clint and Cara told me a lot about Alessia’s Guardian line today. Many of the strengths that the Fae King has documented over the years. But one that they didn’t tell me, that Alessia has, is the ability to smell deceit. It’s another reason I’m willing to give us a chance. I know that everything you said to me today was truthful. If you had been lying, I would have known.”
I think about this new development. I’m happy that she can tell that I’m being honest with her, but what can her ability do to help me with Eli?
She’s watching me and she leans in. “I can confirm when he’s lying. If he tried to forcibly mark a Guardian, then he knows that we have enhanced abilities beyond a regular wolf. He’ll know that I can tell he’s lying.” She holds my hands tighter. You seem to need closure. At least then you'll know for sure that he’s lying.”
“You will stay by my side the entire time. You have to promise me that.”
“I promise. I have no interest in being forcibly marked by anyone.”
Our appetizers arrived and I ordered our dinner.
When I turn back, she says, “Tell me about your business. You said you have a company in the human city?”
“Yes.” I tell her about the company, the two departments that we have, my role as president and CEO and how it financially supports the pack. She listens, periodically asking questions and I realize, it’s the first time anyone has ever wanted to know about me and my life. Usually, people want something from me that’s part of being an Alpha. It feels good to share these things with her and jus have her listen.
15 
###Chapter 214
“Where do you find the time? You run a huge pack and also a massive company that stretches over the entire country. When do you have time for you,
you, Liam?
I shrug. “Work has always been my life. There has never been anything for me but work. That’s all I've ever known. I've wanted a partner to share my life and the responsibilities of running a pack. I searched for so many years trying to find you,all over the country, even overseas. Little did I know that you were within my reach this entire time, if I had only looked in the right place.”
She reaches over and takes my hand again. “You had no way of knowing where I was, just as I would have had no way of knowing that you wanted me as a mate, not as a Guardian. Even if I hadn’t been held captive by vampires, I would have continued to stay away from packs, so our paths probably would have never crossed.”
We finished our dinner and I asked if she wanted dessert. I wasn’t surprised when she said no. She didn’t finish her steak, but she ate more than she has been eating.
When we leave, I take her hand, walking us back to the car. I pick her up and put her in the truck, gently kissing her lips. She holds my face in her hands. Keeping her eyes on me, she slides her tongue between my lips like she did once before. I slip my tongue out and touch hers, drawing her tongue into my mouth and deepening the kiss. I let myself get pulled into the taste of her raspberries and cream until I hear her soft moan.
I gently pull away and kiss the corner of her mouth before I walk around and climb into the truck. Our drive back is peaceful, listening to the playlist I made
her. When we get back she asks, “Did you want me to cut your hair?”
“I would appreciate that, thank you.” Yes, I absolutely want to do anything that means I’m spending more time with you and means you will have your hands on
1.me.
When we walk into the packhouse, I drop her clothes off with the house omegas. to be washed and then we head upstairs. I walk us into my room, letting go of her hand to go into my bathroom and pull out scissors and a comb to get ready to have her cut my hair. I unbutton my shirt, planning to take it off and walk back into the bedroom to see her looking around the room.
I look at my room, wondering what she sees. It’s decorated in a very masculine theme, all browns, blacks and creams. There isn’t really anything personal in my
+15 BONOS
room other than a couple of pictures of my parents. I watch as she walks over to the pictures and I follow behind her. “That’s my mom.”
“She was beautiful. You have her hair and her eyes.”
I point to other pictures. “That’s my dad, I’m built like him. And that is me as a child.” The picture is one that was taken about a year before my mother died. I don’t have any other pictures of me after that.
She picks up the picture, smiling as she runs her thumb over my image.
I stand behind her, putting my hands on her hips. “I paid for quite a few thoughts, and I’d like to cash in on the one you’re thinking
now.
She turns her head to look at me over her shoulder. “I was wondering what it would feel like to have a child that looked just like you.”
x 
GET 
###Chapter 215
I can see the impact my statement has on Liam. Instantly, his eyes darken and his throat convulses as if he’s trying to swallow but his throat has gone dry.
I turn back to the picture. Young Liam is something to behold. He has a huge smile on his face and it lights up his eyes. I wonder if anything can ever put that look back on his face.
Seeing this picture had an immediate effect on me. Maybe it’s the mate bond that’s in full effect. But the moment I saw this picture, I knew I wanted to have Liam’s children. I want to have a whole litter of pups running around with his smile on their faces, maybe a mixture of our eyes and hair color, but I want it like I’ve never wanted anything in my life.
I know in this moment, that I want to be mated to this man. We still have things to work through, I need to know that I can trust him completely, but the thought of not marking him as mine and having another she—wolf take my place as his mate, is incomprehensible.
I put the picture back and realize that Liam has his shirt unbuttoned. His rippling abdominal muscles are right there. I turn and run my fingers over the ridges of his abs up to his chest. “Is there a reason you are partially dressed?”
The feel of his body shivering at my touch is empowering. I love having an effect on this srong man. His voice is husky when he responds. “I was going to take it off so you could cut my hair.” I reach
my hands up and push his shirt off his shoulders, sliding my hands down his arms, as the shirt drops to the floor. “Good idea.” I say in a whisper. “Where are we going to cut your hair?”
He hooks his thumb behind him. “Bathroom.” He says, but doesn’t move and doesn’t take his eyes off me..
I run my hands back up his strong arms before sliding them up his neck into hist hair. His eyes stay on mine until I begin running my fingers through his hair, then they fall closed as I graze my nails over his scalp.
“I see you like this as much as I do.” I say, enjoying the feel of him relaxing.
“I like you touching me.”
He takes my hands and pulls me with him into the bathroom, sitting down in a +15 BONDS
chair. “No one has really touched me since my mother died. Not like this anyway. I’ve had lovers, but that’s different and nothing long-term. This feels more.... intimate.”
I pick up the comb, running it through his thick hair before answering. “I can’t imagine what that must have been like for you.” I say before coming to stand in front of him.
“Lonely.” He replies, pulling me between his legs so I’m closer to him. “Did you want to continue listening to the music list I made you while you do this?”
I look down at him. He’s watching me. “Sure.” He pulls his phone out of his pocket, turning on the playlist before I hear music coming from his bedroom. “I have it set up to go through the speakers in my room.” He says.
I begin to cut his hair. While it’s thick and curly, his hair is very soft. I’m enjoying running my fingers through it as I pull it up to cut it. I’m not sure how short he wants it but I’m keeping it long enough that I can still feel it between my fingers as I run them through his hair.
I chuckle at the song playing. ‘You’re barely waking, and I’m tangled up in you.’ “That sounds like us in the morning.”
His hands start rubbing up and down my hips. “Do you know that I’ve never slept as well as I have the last couple of nights? I can’t remember the last time I slept through the night before that first night with you.” 
###Chapter 216
I'm beginning to realize that this man has not only been alone his whole life, but besides Dustin’s father who really was only teaching him how to take over pack responsibilities, he’s never had anyone to show him love or affection.
When I finish, I set aside the scissors and comb. I lean into him, brushing my fingers through his hair, rubbing my thumbs over his eyebrows, then down to his eyelids, making my way to his lips. I brush my fingers gently over his lips and he kisses them.
I smile as I look at him. “I haven't been able to sleep without having nightmares. until I came here. You and Cyran keep them at bay.”
“You make me feel whole Angel. I don’t have the emptiness that I’ve felt for so long that I didn’t even remember that it was there. It's why I’m willing to do whatever it takes to keep you from leaving me. I’ve never felt so complete in my life.” I pull his head into my chest, holding him against me and I feel him wrap his arms around me.
After a moment, I pull away. “Come on. Do you want to get in the bathtub and I can wash your hair?” “Will you join me?”
I look at him. This intimacy, this closeness with Liam, is addictive. Maybe it is only the mate bond, pulling us together, but I want to be the one that makes him. feel like this. I want to be the one that he craves and comes to when he feels
broken. I want to be the one that eases his tension and the aches of his life into something neither of us ever thought we would find.
we're two
It feels like rough and jagged pieces of a puzzle that shouldn’t fit anywhere, but when we come together, we fit and become one solid, smooth
surface.
“Yes, I'll join you.”
The smile that lights his face fills my heart. I cup his cheek in my hand. “You should smile more often. It looks good on you.” He turns his face to kiss my palm. “You give me a reason to smile.”
He stands up and moves to the tub, turning on the faucet. “Where is a broom, I can clean this up.”
He tells me and while he gets towels for us, I clean up the floor and move the
+15 BONOS
chair back to the bedroom.
When I come back in, he has removed his clothes. “Get in, let me wash off all this hair first.”
He does and it’s the reverse of my time in the tub. I hold his head, cupping water in my hand and pouring it over his head and shoulders. I grab his shampoo, which has an appealing musky scent that mingles with his.
I rub the shampoo into his hair, watching as his eyes close and he relaxes into my hand. I take my time, enjoying this softer side of Liam. When I'm done, I turn the water back on and pull the plug, letting the soapy water rinse out, before putting the plug back in.
When I stand he looks at me. Are you getting in?”
I nod and begin stripping off my clothes. I watch his eyes darken as they linger on my body. I step into the tub and sit between his legs, leaning back against him.
“Thank you for cutting my hair.” He whispers in my ear.
“Thank you for opening up to me and being honest about yourself. I want this to work Liam.” I look up at him over my shoulder. “I think we can make this work.” He wraps his arms around me, holding me tightly to him. “We can, I promise.”
Cooper Author
Did you like the insight into Liam? 
###Chapter 217
My heart is lighter. She's willing to give this a try, and she thinks it will work. It’s not easy letting myself be this vulnerable with her, but it seems to be what she needs.
When we finish with the bath, I wrap her in a towel and go to grab one of my t- shirts for her to wear while I pull on a pair of sleep pants. When I come back, I hand it to her. “Do you want to sleep in here, with me, tonight?”
I'm hoping she'll say yes. Now that she can feel the mate bond, I want her to move into this room, make it ours. A blush paints her cheeks pink. “I’m afraid that I will end up sleeping on top of you again.”
I smirk down at her. I love that I wake up with her laying on top of me, but if she’s concerned about it, I have an idea. “What? You don’t like waking up like a lizard sunning herself on a warm rock?”
“I don’t know about the lizard part, but the warm rock is accurate. You pump out some heat big guy.” “Big guy, huh?” She blushes an even deeper shade of pink. “Well, you are like a foot taller than I am.”
“Which brings me to my solution. What if we sleep on our sides, rather than your head on my chest and I can curl up behind you?”
“That works.” We crawl into bed, and I see her taking a deep breath of my pillow. I know Alessia must be pushing her to complete the mating process. But it needs. to be something Angel agrees to as well.
‘So help her figure it out. I want to mark our mate. I want everyone to know she’s ours.’
‘So do I Cyran but give her some time.’
He grumbles until I curl up behind our sweet mate. Her body fits perfectly inside.
mine. I slide one arm under her pillow and wrap the other arm around her torso, sliding my hand under her shirt and holding it against her stomach. I bury my nose in her hair and breathe in her sweet scent.
“Good night Angel.” I kiss her hair.
C +15 BONOS
“Good night Liam.” Her hand coming up under the pillow to hold mine.
There is nowhere else in the world I want to be. I wait until I feel her drift asleep before falling into my own restful bliss.
My Angel is writhing underneath me. Her body rubbing against my hard cock, driving me crazy. Her hand is in my hair pulling as she moans my name.
It's the sound of my name from her lips that wakes me. We are still on our sides, but my sweet angel is rubbing her ass against my raging hard on. She has reached back over her head and is gripping my hair, her back arched searching for her release in her dream.
I slide my hand down between her legs, gently lifting the top one over mine to give me access. I slide my fingers through her warm folds and groan at how wet my little mate is for me. I slide two fingers inside her before moving to her clit, rubbing circles and adding pressure as she pushes against my hand.
“Liam.” It’s a soft moan of pleasure and I intend to hear her saying my name every day, whether it’s in this moaning whisper or a scream of passion.
She wakes as I start to bring her closer to the edge. She goes to move, but I clamp my arm down on her thigh to hold her in place and bring the arm under the pillow down to squeeze her breast before tugging on her nipple. Her gasp of pleasure has me on the verge of my own orgasm.
I nuzzle my way to her ear, biting down on her ear lobe. “Cum for me little angel.” Her response is instantaneous, her body jerking with her release, pushes me to mine. Growling, I continue to rub her clit as our bodies come down together. Another pair of sleep pants soaked.
I slide my fingers down and inside of her. I wasn’t kidding yesterday when I said I wanted to taste her every morning. When I bring my fingers to my mouth, she turns and watches me lick my fingers clean of her taste.
“I told you I wanted you for breakfast every morning.”
I see her eyes darken, Alessia’s gold rimming the grey of Angel’s. I feel Cyran push forward and know my eyes have gone from sage to hunter green.
“Soon, little one, very soon, I will be taking my time with you, feasting on your until your voice goes hoarse.” I lean in and kiss her deeply. “But today, you have to get ready for training, and so do I.”
+15 BONOS She pulls back from me. “You're going to train with me
today 
###Chapter 218
“No. But I haven't been involved in my warriors‘ training since you got here and I need to show my face and see how they are doing. I'll be doing that while you are gone and then this afternoon, we will go see Eli.”
Her eyes soften. “Thank you, I know it’s not easy for you to agree to that.”
I kiss her nose. “I told you, I’m willing to do just about anything to make you happy and keep you by my side. I don’t like it, but as long as I will be there with you, I will deal with it.”
“Now get moving.” I smack her ass cheek hard. I see her eyes go wide, then. something that looks suspiciously like lust flashes before she turns to get up. Oh yeah, we'll be exploring that more. My little Angel was definitely made for me.
Since I'm feeling playful, I growl softly, making her turn. I’m sitting up on the bed, ready to pounce. She squeals a moment before rushing to the bathroom. I catch her just as she gets to the door, swinging her in my arms and carrying her the rest of the way into the bathroom. “Caught you.”
“That wasn’t much of a challenge big guy.” My sassy mate says.
I shift her body so I can hold her with one arm and turn on the shower with the other. “Any time you want to run little mate, Cyran and I will be happy to hunt you. You’ve seen how fast Cyran is and we don’t lose. Ever.”
I feel a shiver run up her spine before I set her down on the floor. We shower and I make a mental note to call the local salon about getting Angel in for a haircut.
I drive her to Clint’s again. Today is apparently a running day. Cara wants to try to show her around the packhouse again today, and said she'll bring her home when they are done. I remind them to make sure my girl eats and doesn’t overdo before I kiss her goodbye and head back to my pack.
It feels good to be training with my warriors again. My lead warrior, Evan, gives me a good sparring, while Dustin and Jackson move around and give the warriors pointers.
“So Alpha,” Evan says when we take a break for water a couple hours later. “Is it true? Is the girl your mate?”
I notice everyone stop what they are doing to listen in. “She is, but she’s only just gotten strong enough to realize that we're mates. She still hasn’t shifted to her wolf and I don’t know how long it will be until she’s strong enough.”
+15 BONOS “Is it true that she’s a Guardian?” One of my other warriors asks.
“Yes. For those of you who have heard of or remember Lily Nelson, Cara Nelson’s mother, Angel and her wolf Alessia have their reincarnated Guardian spirit.”
“Is it true that vampires held her captive and want her back?”
“Yes. She was held captive for seven years.” Several of the warriors growl and snarl. They understand the impact of me not being able to find my mate because she was a prisoner. “Currently there is a five million dollar bounty on her head.” “Actually Alpha,” Dustin says. “I haven’t had a chance to speak to you, but the bounty has gone up. It’s seven million now.
D
“What about the bounty for the other girl? Is it still active?”
“Yes, and it’s up to six million.” Dustin informs me.
I nod. I’m about to get the group back into sparring when an urgent mind link comes through from the patrols.
“Alpha! There’s a wolf rushing toward our territory. She’s alone and she’s fast. She doesn’t look like she’s going to stop at the borders.”
I look at Dustin and realize the link was open to all the warriors, as well as my Beta and Gamma.
“Shit!” Another link comes through. “She just got past us. She’s heading toward the packhouse.”
I hear a howl in the distance. It’s not a challenge, or a howl of the hunt. It’s an excited howl.
“She just got past the second level patrols, and she isn’t slowing down.” Another patrol leader announces. “What does she look like?” I ask my men.
“She’s pure white. The whitest wolf I've ever seen.”
“Let her through.”
“Alpha?”
“I said let her through.
Achorus of “Yes Alpha” comes through the link.
Dustin looks at me. “Who is it?
At that moment, she breaks from the tree line of the forest. She is running full
out, directly at me. Even from here, I can see her stunning golden eyes.” “Alessia.” I open my arms just as she leaps and tackles me to the ground.
+15 BONOS Cooper
She shifted! Author
12 
###Chapter 219
You'd think I was a teenager with the amount of sex dreams I've started having. I’m waking up every morning to Liam helping me ease the ache between my thighs. I’m not complaining. The man is magic with his hands and his tongue. I was seriously tempted to offer him the breakfast he wanted this morning.
And when he slapped my rear end? It caused something to clench deep inside me. I wanted to lean back and offer myself to him so he’d do it again. This mate bond is messing with my brain.
‘It's not just the mate bond. It’s the Alpha in him. It's instinct to respond to his dominance. And he’s so dominant.‘ Alessia purrs in my head. Well, she’s no help.
at all. ‘I wouldn’t say he was being dominant when he made that girly playlist for me.’ I tell her.
‘He was telling you he loves you in the only way he knows how. It was sweet. He can be sweet and he can be dominating. Would you disagree that he knows how to command your body to do exactly what he wants? You certainly responded when he told you to cum for him.”
Just thinking of his strong, deep voice in my ear makes my body tighten up. Not helpful when you're running mile after mile. But I have to admit, there is something about the way his voice makes my body respond. And the thought of him and Cyran hunting us?
‘Oh yes. As soon as I can shift, I will be giving Cyran a challenge worthy of an Alpha.‘ I can feel Alessia’s excitement. Not only in being able to shift for the first time in over seven years, but also giving Cyran a challenge he'll never forget.
I'm coming up on the five—mile mark. Clint had me run the shorter track so he could check how I’m doing. I’m headed back to where Clint is waiting for me, when Alessia starts to whine in my head.
‘Alessia, what is it?‘
‘I feel like I need to shift.”
‘What? Right now?”
“Yes, like I can’t control it.‘
I fall to my knees. I see Clint’s worried expression. “Donovan!” Alessia screams
out before my body is wracked in pain and I fall to my side.
+15 BONOS
Somehow, Clint makes it to my side, faster than I would have expected on this grassy terrain. “Angel, what is it?” “I have to shift.” Alessia’s voice is layered over mine, our voice tortured with pain.
Clint pulls himself out of his wheelchair to sit on the ground next to me. He lays a hand on my side. “Easy. Easy now. I know it’s been a long time since you've shifted. This is a good thing. You're not alone, I'll be here until you shift.”
He moves so he is sitting in front of my face. “Angel, look at me. Alessia knows what to do, don’t fight her. Watch me and breathe with me.
He begins deep inhales and exhales. I try to copy what he’s doing but the pain is so great. I don’t remember it being this bad during my first shift.
“You were younger then. Your body wasn’t fully grown and I was at full strength and able to heal you almost as fast as you were injured.‘ Alessia’s agonized voice tells me.
I don’t know how long we laid there. Every bone cracking was agony. Somewhere in my mind, I realized that Clint had shifted and Donovan was beside us, rubbing against our side, trying to help ease the pain. And it did help some.
Then, Cara was there too, giving her support, rubbing her hands over our side and back. It was having both of them there that finally allowed Alessia to finish the shift. When we were done, we lay there panting.
Cara runs her hands through Alessia’s fur. “You’re beautiful Alessia.” 
###Chapter 220
Donovan rubs his muzzle over my shoulder. “Do you think you can stand?” Cara asks. “Dad and Donovan are concerned about you.”
Alessia takes her time getting to her feet. When she does, she shakes out her fur and wags her tail at Donovan, barking at him. ‘How do you feel Alessia?‘
‘Like I want to run!’ She says and takes off. I don’t know where she’s going, but she doesn’t seem to care as long as she can continue to run. She howls a thank you before bolting west. The minute she shifts her direction, I know exactly where she was going and I am in total agreement. She wants Liam and Cyran to see her.
‘Were you always this fast Alessia?’ I’m in awe of my wolf. She’s amazing! ‘lll be even faster when I’m stronger.’
We run through the canyon and head straight to the cliff behind the waterfall. She begins climbing and I’m wondering if she’s part mountain goat, she’s leaping from ledge to ledge like it’s nothing.
We're near the top when we see the first patrols racing toward us. She doesn’t stop, she just pushes harder. She howls to let Liam and Cyran know she’s coming. I hope they know it’s her. I don’t want to have to fight a bunch of Liam’s pack members.
She blows past another patrol team, darting around the trees in the forest behind the packhouse. And that’s when we smell him. Alessia begins to run even faster and as she breaks from the forest, he’s standing there, looking right at us.
When he sees us, a huge smile spreads across his face and he opens his arms. Alessia doesn’t hesitate. She jumps right into his arms, knocking them both to the ground. She’s so excited that she can’t hold still, squirming around in his
arms. He’s laughing at her antics as she licks his face, yips in happiness and continues to jump around him and on him.
“Okay, okay. Let me take a look at you, gorgeous.” He says, sitting up. She rubs herself against him before standing in front of him, prancing around, unable to be still.
+15 BONOS beautiful you are. And big! I thought you'd be small given how tiny Angel is, but you’re almost as large as Cyran.”
Alessia is purring, rubbing herself on Liam, scenting him. He stands, brushing the grass off his pants. Alessia jumps at him, barking loudly. She’s bent over with her front legs on the ground, her butt in the air, and her tail wagging back and forth like a metronome.
Liam stops and looks at her. “Feeling playful little one?” And I can hear Cyran’s voice overlaying Liam’s. She barks at him again, jumping at him before running a few steps away. She looks back to see if he’s going to follow her.
Liam's eyes have gone completely dark as Cyran pushes forward. “Run little one.”
Alessia takes off like a shot. A moment later, I hear large paws hitting the earth. Alessia turns her head and sees Cyran chasing after her. She howls her delight and pushes forward. Cyran’s answering howl is the howl of the hunt, and Alessia is his prey.
Cyran chases us around the pack lands, nipping at Alessia’s heels when he gets close enough. She’s giving him a good run, not making it easy to catch her.
She's run back into the canyon and is running at full speed when she catches the scent, that sickly sweet scent that we'll never forget. She turns, digging her paws into the ground, skidding out in the grass. Her nose is up in the air sniffing.
Vampire.
Just as Cyran catches up to us, she lets out the warning howl. Danger.
We're halfway between the Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls packs. Basically, h and I are on our own until help arrives, and I can’t tell how many vampires ther
are. 
###Chapter 221
GET IT NOW Chapter 0221
“Custos Regni.” It’s a hissing sound that brings back so many awful memories. ” We finally found you. The Prince will be so pleased.”
Cyran snarls next to me. Alessia steps forward and moves in front of Cyran putting herself between him and what we now see are five vampires.
‘Alessia?’ ‘I don’t know, I’m not at full strength, but I’m stronger than I was the last time. we fought them.‘ I feel Cyran tug on our tail with his teeth, pulling us out from in front of him.
“Kill the male. Keep the female for the prince.” The leader says. It’s not Sebastian this time, but he has the same confidence. Three of his minions immediately move to take out Cyran. The vampires are so fast that he doesn’t see them coming, but Alessia and I do.
Before the first one can get his hands on Cyran, Alessia grabs his arm, ripping it from his body, then slices her claws across his throat. He’s not dead, but there are still two more going after Cyran.
She turns in time to see Cyran ripping the head off one as the other wraps his arms around his neck. Alessia snarls, jumping up to pull him off Cyran, when the leader comes up behind us, grabbing Alessia by the throat. She thrashes around trying to break his grip. She’s strong, but still not at full strength and the vampire has a good grip, having wrapped his other arm around her rib cage. The fifth vampire joins in and helps the leader restrain Alessia.
They begin dragging us away, Alessia fighting to get back to Cyran. Cyran is still fighting with the second vampire that attacked and the first one I put down is starting to move. I can see Cyran is distracted, wanting to get to me.
I hear heavy footfalls and know that other wolves are on the way. One of the vampires restraining Alessia turns to fight the newcomers. I take the opportunity. to turn and grab hold of the leader by the throat. He starts beating on Alessia, scratching at her as we listen to the gurgling sound of him drowning in his own blood.
With the vampire still hanging from her mouth, she turns to see that two other wolves have arrived and are taking out the last three vampires. Cyran rips the head off of his and turns to us. Alessia steps on the body of the vampire she’s dragging by its throat before shaking her head viciously, tearing the vampire’s.
+15 DONOS head from its body.
The other two wolves make short work of the last two vampires. Alessia puts her nose in the air, sniffing to see if there are any more. She gives a short bark letting everyone know that there are no more.
Cyran comes over, nipping at her then licking her muzzle, cleaning her. I watch ” as the two new wolves shift. Rik and Anders. Cyran stops cleaning Alessia and shifts back as well.
“Rik, Anders.” He greets. Rik looks at me. “I’m guessing this is Alessia.” “Yes. I don’t know if these were scouts, but at some point they will be missed. Our timeframe for war just shortened.” Liam tells
the other two. “I set up a meeting room for tomorrow in my pack house. We can all meet there and talk about our plan.”
We hear several other paws digging into the earth. Wolves are coming from the direction of both packs. As they prepare to address the other wolves, Liam comes over to me, he kneels down, running his hands over Alessia making sure she’s not too injured. He leans in and quietly whispers in her ear. “You and I will have words about this later Angel.”
Cooper Author The vampires have found her. And what does Liam want to talk about?
10 
###Chapter 222
I cannot believe that Alessia fucking stepped in front of me. As if she was going to take on those five vampires by herself while I stood around with my thumb up my ass. I’m so pissed I could punch something, but right now, I have to deal with the fact that the vampires have found her. If the vampire prince is a decent leader, he’ll know exactly where he sent his scouts and when they are supposed to return. We can only hope that this was an early stop and they aren’t expected back for a while.
Rik and I set up additional patrols to cover the canyon between us and assign some warriors to burn the vampires. Now that I've smelled them, I know Dustin was right. That’s not a smell you forget. It’s so sweet it almost burns your nose. I’m thankful that Angel stayed in her wolf form. I’m not sure I could have restrained myself if she were naked in front of all these males. I’m already angry, and I need to harness my anger before we get back to the packhouse and I have a chance to speak to her. I also need to make sure that she doesn’t need any medical care. Alessia still isn’t up to full strength and I’m not sure how much damage that vampire did to her. When I checked her over briefly, she didn’t seem to have serious injuries, but I also saw that asshole leech beating on her.
When we're done, I look at Alessia and jerk my head toward home. She takes the hint and heads out, I shift and Cyran is right on her tail. Her pace is considerably slower on the way home. She’s overdone it and worn herself out. Fuck!
Cyran keep
pace with her, making sure she doesn't fall on her way back up the cliff face. It's slow going but when we get to the top, I finda tree where the pack has clothes stashed and I shift back. I throw on a pair of shorts and turn to Alessia.
“Shift.” I use every bit of Alpha tone that I have. I know it doesn’t work on her, but I’m hoping she'll realize that I’m not playing. She shifts and looks at me cautiously.
I toss her a shirt and wait until she pulls it on. Once she has, I throw her over my shoulder and begin stalking back to the packhouse.
“Liam! What are you doing, put me down.” I smack her ass, hard. “Hold still and be quiet.”
The walk to the packhouse is faster with me carrying her. I know she needs to eat, but we need to talk first. Pack members start to approach me, but when they see me carrying Angel over my shoulder, or maybe it’s the deadly look on my face, they scurry out of my way.
+15 BONOS I head straight to my room before putting her down and rounding on her. “What the fuck was that?”
I can see her total confusion. She has no idea why I’m so upset. I start pacing, trying to burn off some of this anger. And underneath the anger is the real problem. Fear. Fear that I could have lost her today.
I turn back to her. “Don’t ever fucking put yourself between me and danger again. Got it?”
“They were going to kill you Liam.” She says quietly.
“First! I’m a fucking Alpha! I've been taking care of myself since I was six years old.” I’m yelling, waving my arms around like a crazy person. “Second! You don’t give your life for me. Do you understand me? Not today, not ever. Are we clear?”
I get in her face, towering over her. I’m breathing so heavy I feel like a fucking dragon breathing fire. In the back of my mind, I’m proud of my little angel. She doesn’t back down from my fury.
“lm a Guardian Liam. It’s my job. It’s what I do.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 223
“Fuck that! Fuck that shit. Did you not hear anything that I said to you last night? Did you not hear how important you are to me? Do you not realize that you aren't saving my life by giving yours for mine? I have no life if you aren't in it. Just like that line from the song, you showed me what it feels like to be full, and it’s so fucking light I feel like I’m floating. Do you think that I could go back to that empty feeling again, after knowing what I was missing? I can’t. I have no life without you Angel. I have nothing.”
I start pacing again. “I’m only just now beginning to understand what my father was going through all those years.” I turn back to her. “And I’m telling you now, I’m not strong enough to survive it. I wouldn't last ten minutes without
you, much less the ten fucking years my father survived. Do you hear me, Angel?”
I walk to her, taking her arms in my hands to you understand that there is nothing for me if I don’t have you? You are my everything. Without you, there is nothing. No reason for me to live.”
I lean down, putting my forehead against hers. “I know I can’t ask you to walk away. I know it’s in your genes just like it’s in mine to fight when you must. But, please, for me, don’t ever put yourself in between me and danger again. I will accept you standing beside me, fighting with me. I don’t like it, but I'll accept it. Just, please, promise me, you won't ever stand in front of me again.”
She takes my face in her hands. “I'll try Liam. I can’t make any guarantees, it’s not just up to me. Alessia feels a pull to protect you, too. But I will try to stand beside you and fight beside you instead of in front of you.
I pull her into me, taking her mouth in a fierce kiss, ravaging her, feeding my need to know she’s alive and safe. I pull back. “Let me look at you? Did that vampire hurt you? I know you didn’t have any serious cuts but let me see your bruises.”
I pull the shirt over her head, kneeling to look more closely at her ribcage and chest where the vampire was focusing his punches. I kiss the bruises across her ribs, following the line up her sternum to her chest.
Her hands come into my hair and I wrap my arms around her pulling her to me. I love you Angel. I love you so much it hurts.”
She tugs on my hair, forcing me to look up at her. “I love you too Liam.” She runs her thumbs over my cheeks then leans down kissing me. She wraps her arms around me then bends down until she is straddling in my lap. I stand, wrapping
HS
IS BONDS
her legs around my waist and take her to the bed. “Show me how much you love me Liam.”
I rub my nose against hers. “Baby girl, there is nothing that I want more than to bury myself in your sweet warmth and show you how much I love you, but if I do that, I won’t be able to stop myself from marking you.”
She takes my face in her hands, looking into my eyes. “Would that be so bad?” I pull back and look at her. “Angel, once I mark
you, that’s it, you’re mine forever. Are you sure that’s what you want?”
“We still have things we need to figure out Liam, I know that. But one thing that I’m absolutely sure of is that I want to be yours and I want you to be mine. We were meant to be together. We were made for each other. So yes Liam, I want you to mark me and I want to mark you. Make me yours forever.”
Cooper Author +15 BONOS
###Chapter 224
Liam slides my body up higher onto the bed then lays down between my legs, holding himself up on his elbows. His kiss is scorching, his need for me is as great as mine for him.
“I'll try to be gentle with you Angel, but I’m not really good at being gentle.”
“I won't break.” I tell him and pull his mouth back down to mine. His hands are everywhere, touching me, pulling me closer. His mouth moves down my neck to that spot at the corner of my neck by my collarbone, where his mark will be before the end of the night. He licks and sucks on the spot and I feel heat flooding into my system, pooling between my thighs.
He begins to kiss his way down my body, sucking one nipple into his mouth as he squeezes my other breast in his hand. I moan loudly and run my fingers through his hair, grabbing onto it and pulling his head up to look at me.
He growls before moving to the other nipple and sucking it into his mouth, pulling it into a hard peak. He gently bites it and pulls is through his teeth, watching me as he does. The pleasure and pain of it causing my body to clench. He groans as he kisses his way down my stomach. “You smell so fucking good baby girl.”
As he moves lower, he pulls one of my legs over his shoulder and pins the other to the bed, holding it down with his arm, using his fingers to rub over my clit.
“Liam.” I don’t know if it’s a request or a demand, but I know I need more. My eyes close as I bask in the sensations that Liam is making me feel.
His hand moves to my stomach, holding me down as his mouth replaces his fingers and he sucks my clit into his mouth. His tongue begins rubbing circles and he slides two fingers inside me. “So fucking wet for me.”
“Yes.” It’s a breathy response and all I can manage. My body feels like it’s on fire, the pressure building quickly. “Eyes on me baby girl.”
I open my eyes and watch as he licks my clit before sucking it back into his mouth. He adds a third finger and begins moving them in and out faster. I can feel my body begin to clench around his fingers and just when I think I can’t take anymore, he curls his fingers inside me and growls over my clit.
My body immediately erupts into an orgasm so strong I see stars. I scream +15 RONOS
Liam’s name and my back arches up, pushing against his hand on my stomach. He holds me in place, forcing me to accept the pleasure that he’s giving me. My body is jerking against him with the force of my orgasm and I hear him groaning as lets me ride out my pleasure.
When my body comes down, he slides his fingers out of and sits up. His dark eyes watch me as his licks his fingers clean of my juices before sliding his shorts off and laying over top of me again.
He pulls one leg up to wrap around his waist. He lines himself at my entrance and stops, putting his forehead against mine. “I don’t want to hurt you, Angel. You’re so small I feel like I might split you in two.”
I smile at my beloved mate. “Liam Holstin. I was made for you by the Moon Goddess. We were made to fit together. I know how big you are, I didn’t start calling you big guy because of your height.” I gently kiss him, never taking my eyes off his. “We'll take it slow. Alessia is a fast healer.”
“You tell me if it's too much or if we need to stop. I don’t want to hurt you. “I mean it when I say if you don’t claim me here and now, you will not only answer to me but also my wolf.”
“I love you so much little angel.” He says as he slowly begins to slide inside me. He really is a big guy. I can feel him stretching me and it’s an uncomfortable invasion. I can see the concern on his face and I reach up to kiss him. He groans in my mouth and I deepen the kiss, moving my hands back into his hair.
When he reaches resistance, he stops. “Are you ready to be mine forever little angel?” “Yes, Liam.”
He thrusts the rest of the way inside me making me hiss in pain. I can feel his body quivering with his restraint, holding still while my body adjusts. It takes a moment before the pain subsides and then the feeling of him, so deep inside me, makes my body tighten.
I begin to move against him, needing the friction that only he can give me. He starts slow, sliding all the way out before sliding deep into my core again. This new feeling is unlike anything I’ve ever felt. Soon, he’s thrusting into me harder and faster. His hand goes to my hip, holding me in place as he drives himself deeper into my core, hitting my cervix.
He pushes me over the top and I explode around him, my claws dig into his shoulders as I scream my release. He doesn’t stop the demanding pace, forcing me to stay at this high until I cum for him again and again. He continues to
command my body, pulling everything from me until I'm whimpering in his arms, tears streaming down my face at the emotional overload.
+15 BONOS
Just as I come to my fourth climax, he snarls, “Mine!” and sinks his canines into my marking spot.
The exquisite pleasure, the absolute ecstasy, has me screaming his name again, just before my canines slide out and I sink them into his marking spot, making him mine.
Liam roars as my teeth sink into his neck, making the windows shake with the power of it. His body begins jerking his release.
As I hold on to his neck, milking my canines into his flesh, I feel the mate bond. kick in. All of Liam's emotions flood into me — relief, happiness, pleasure and most importantly, love.
Cooper Author
I'm giving you a bonus chapter, so you don’t have to wait until tomorrow for the rest of the mating night. Enjoy! 
###Chapter 225
If I thought the taste of my little mate was amazing, it is nothing to the feeling of being balls deep inside her. She’s so fucking tight. I know she must have torn. Thank the goddess for Alessia’s advanced healing power.
When she starts to move under me, I take the lead. I want to watch her come undone, I want to know that I’m the only man that has or will ever make her feel this way. So, it’s not enough for her to cum for me once. The feel of her clamping down on my dick is by far the best feeling I’ve ever had. I need to feel it again, and again and again. By the fourth time, I know I’ve pushed her nearly to her breaking point, I can see her tears and I can’t hold back any longer. My canines come out and I need to mark her, like I need air to breathe.
“Mine!”
As I drive her over the cliff again, I sink my canines into her neck. I’m immediately flooded with her emotions, raw pleasure, joy, and so much love. I only have a moment to enjoy her emotions before I feel her canines sink into my neck.
The overwhelming surge of power has me roaring my release. I cum so hard I nearly black out. I could never have imagined this sort of rapture from marking my mate. It’s only her canines in my neck, milking her venom into me that keeps me from going under.
When she finally pulls her teeth from my neck and licks the wound closed, I pull back and look at her. “Are you okay?” She sniffles a bit. “I've never been better.”
I lean down, nuzzling my nose against hers. “Why the tears?”
“I feel so good. I never expected it to feel like this.” She says and I kiss another tear as it falls down her face. “You're mine now Angel. There’s no going back for either one of us.” I start to pull out but she grabs my hips. “No, don’t. I like the way you feel inside me.
I groan. “Baby girl. It won’t take long for me to get hard again if I’m going to stay inside your warm sweetness.” She gives me a devilish grin. “Is that so bad?”
I growl, rolling us over so she’s laying on top of me. “Now you can take charge if
15 BONOS
you decide you want another round.”
She sits up, seating me deep inside her making me instantly hard again. “Aren't you sore, little angel?”
“Advanced healing, remember?” She says and she slowly starts to move her hips, adjusting to the new position. She takes her hands into her hair, pushing it out of ” her face and behind her. I can feel it draping over my legs.
I put my hands on her hips, guiding her movements, watching as her head falls back. Her hair is cascading all around me and I'm living the dream I’ve woken to every day this week.
“You're so fucking beautiful.” As she gets her rhythm, I move my hands to her breasts, tugging on her nipples until I feel her inner walls fluttering around me. “You were definitely made for me Liam. You feel so good inside me.”
“Are you going to cum riding my cock, baby girl?”
I watch as a smug smile spreads across her face. “I’d rather make you cum, big guy.”
Oh, my fallen angel. “Is that so?”
She nods and I move us so we're closer to the top of the bed. I take her hands and put them on the headboard. “Hold on here, use it for leverage.”
She begins moving her hips again. There is something extremely sexy about letting my mate have control, a control I've never given to anyone before. I watch as she gets her rhythm, my hands on her hips, just touching her, letting her set the pace.
I look up and see her stormy grey eyes watching me. I growl softly, seeing my mate take her pleasure. I watch as a fleeting look of indecision crosses her face before she leans forward, cupping her breast in her hand, bringing it to my mouth. 
###Chapter 226
I take it in my mouth sucking her nipple at the same pace that she’s riding me. As I watch, her eyes close and she leans her head back, picking up her pace. I hold her breast in one hand, keeping it firmly in my mouth until she pulls back, the suction of my mouth causing a soft ‘pop‘ as her nipple pulls out. She slows her pace and moves to cup her other breast, bringing it to my mouth.
As soon as I latch on, she’s riding me hard again. I hold her breast with one hand and the other goes to her clit, giving her the friction she needs. I’m getting close to my own orgasm, and I want my girl to get her release at the same time. She begins chanting my name over and over, until I feel her walls clamp down on me like a vice grip. I snarl my release, biting down on her nipple as she screams my
name. She rides out her orgasm before collapsing against me. I could definitely spend every day inside my Angel.
I know she’s exhausted and I still need to feed her. I mind link the kitchen staff to bring us up a cart with food. While we’re waiting, I pick up my girl and carry her into the bathroom. I set her on the counter while I turn on the shower, getting the water warm for her.
I turn back to her, brushing her hair out of her face. I can feel her fatigue, a little smugness from our love-making and so much love coming through the bond. You know you’re my everything, right Angel? You’re my whole world.”
“And you're mine Liam.” She runs her hand over my face, leaning in to gently kiss me.
I pick her up and carry her into the shower. Setting her down, I grab the new shampoo that smells like berries. “Much better.” I say as I rub it into her hair.
She wraps her arms around me and holds on while I wash her hair and rinse it out. When I’m done, I grab a washcloth and wash her body, being gentle with the bruises that are still healing on her ribcage and between her legs where I know she must be sore.
As I rub the washcloth across her stomach, I ask “How are you feeling? How’s your stomach?” “It's sore. But it’s a good sore.”
“I've ordered up some food, we'll get you fed and into bed so you can get some sleep.”
+15 BONOS
“What if I don’t want to sleep?”
I smirk down at her. “Let's see how you feel after you’ve had some food.”
When we finish, I kiss her on her new mark and dry her off before putting her in one of my shirts. I pull on a pair of sweatpants and walk to the door. There is cart with all sorts of food and lots of water. I pull the cart in and roll it over to the loveseat. I sit down, pulling Angel into my lap and then we proceed to feed each other. That leads to more kissing, more touching and eventually me taking her several more times throughout the night.
As the new day dawns and the sun begins to shine in through the curtains, I look at my sleeping mate, beautiful in all her naked glory. I have never felt the sense of peace and calm that I feel having my mate laying beside me. I can’t believe this amazing, strong, yet delicate woman is all mine. I decide the best way to wake her is by dining on my favorite breakfast of raspberries and cream. I feast until I have her screaming my name. The perfect way to start the day.
Cooper They are officially mated!
Author 
###Chapter 227
I wake to Liam between my legs after having him inside me all night. My body Is sore in ways that I could have never imagined but the feeling that I have, both my own and coming from Liam through the bond, brings me a happiness I haven't felt in years. I'm not alone any longer.
m loves me, I can feel it. I can feel his joy at our bonding, at my acceptance of him. We're laying in bed, my head on Liam’s chest, his hand running through my hair, when he brings me back to reality.
“We have the meeting with Rik and his pack members this evening about the vampires and our plan. Do you want to go visit Eli this morning, since we didn’t get to yesterday?”
I look up at Liam. He’s looking at the ceiling, but he looks at me when I look at him. “I do. Don’t you want closure Liam? Don’t you want to be able to move past. this?”
He sighs, looking back up at the ceiling. “I do want closure. I want to leave this behind and start our slate clean. So, let's get up and go see Eli.” He reaches down and kisses the top of my head. I reach my hand around his waist and hug him. close.
“You and me, Liam. It’s you and me.” That gets a smile from my big guy. “Yes, it is little angel.”
I get up, and start to crawl out of bed, only to have him smack my ass. I turn and look at him over my shoulder. He shrugs at me. “It was there, tempting me.” He says with a smirk, getting up too.
“Also, I want to move your things into this room today. Are you okay with that? You can redecorate any way you like. I don’t have anything personal that I want to keep other than the pictures of my parents.”
“We'll make memories together and create our own private little space here over time.” I tell him. “And yes, I’d be happy to move my things in here, what little I have.”
Asmile, similar to the one that he has in his picture as a 5-year old, spreads across his face. He walks to me, wrapping his arms around me. “You and me, together. I love the sound of that.”
After we get dressed, we walk downstairs hand in hand. “Let’s eat breakfast then head down to the cells.” 0 +15 BONOS When we walk into the dining room, the entire room goes quiet. I squeeze his hand tighter, not knowing what I should do.
Liam addresses the room. “Everyone. I thank you for your patience with me lately. I've been busy the last couple of weeks with some things that have come up. Iti be making a formal announcement to the pack later this week, but for now, let me introduce Angel Bennis, your future Luna.”
The room erupts into applause and Liam guides us to a table. He leaves me there to go get our food and several pack members come over to congratulate me. At Liam’s request, I’m wearing a top that clearly shows my mate mark. For once, I’m not embarrassed to show the markings on my body. I’m proud of this one.
Liam comes back and we eat, more pack members join us and I watch the easy conversation he has with his pack. I can see the respect that they have for him. Many of them ask me where I come from and Liam easily redirects the conversation, telling them that he’ll explain more when he makes the formal
announcement.
When we're done, we head down to the cells. The smell is terrible. I can tell that anyone down here is required to use the bathroom in their cells and it doesn’t smell like there are toilets. Before we get to the bottom, Liam leans in to whisper in my ear. “Remember your promise, Angel. You stay by my side.”
I reach out and take his hand, intertwining our fingers as we make our way to Eli Gunnar’s cell. As soon as we step up to the cell, Eli is on his feet.
“What the fuck, Alpha.” He makes the word sound as derogatory as possible. ” Why the fuck did you bring a she—-wolf down here. She doesn’t need to see what you do to me.”
“She's not here to watch Eli, she’s here to listen.”
“Oh, yeah, because that’s so much better. She won’t watch you beat the shit out of me, she'll just listen to you do it? You’re more of an asshole than I thought you.
were.
Liam snarls at him, lunging at him. I turn, putting my hands on Liam’s chest. I don’t say anything I just look at him until he looks at me. I watch the muscle in his jaw tick until he gets himself under control.
When he’s calm, I turn back around. I can see that Eli is looking at us curiously. “I want to hear your answers to Liam’s questions.”
+15 BONOS
“You mean question, don’t you? He only ever asks me one question and he doesn’t like my answer.”
“I'd like to hear your answer.”
“Why?” He asks me.
Alessia comes forward and I see the moment he realizes what I am. “Guardian.” He says it reverently.
Liam yanks me to his side, wrapping his arms around me. “I’ve already marked her so you can forget trying to take what's mine.” He snarls at Eli.
Eli looks at Liam. “I already told you, I know what I did with Cara was a mistake. I was wrong. I wouldn't do that to her.”
“Sure you wouldn't.” He snarls and I see Eli rolling his eyes, about to jump into what I’m guessing is a long-term argument. I interrupt before this goes too far.
“That’s not why I’m here Eli.” I turn and look at Liam. “Why did you do it?” Liam asks him.
“I didn’t do it. Not that you'll believe me, even with your Guardian here.” ‘Angel, he’s telling the truth.‘ Alessia tells me. I know it already. Deceit has a distinctly metallic taste to it. There was none of that with Eli’s answer.
I take a step forward, earning me a growl from Liam. “You were found with her body in your arms.” I say, my head tilted, trying to get a read on him.
“Yes. I never said otherwise.”
“If you didn’t kill her, why were you holding her dead body?”
He looks from me to Liam. “It’s a long story and your mate there won't believe me anyway, so why should I tell you.” I turn and look at Liam. He’s looking at me, expecting me to tell him that Eli is lying, but I can’t.
“Liam, he’s telling the truth.” 
###Chapter 228
I grab Angel by the arm and walk out of the cells to an area where Eli can’t hear us. “What do you mean he’s telling the truth. He was found with her body.”
“Yes, and he admits that. Every word he said back there was truthful. Alessia confirms it.
This can’t be. This can’t be! I've been searching my entire life for this man, this man that I thought killed my mother and now I found out he didn’t kill her? It makes no sense.
“Then why was he with her? Why was he holding her dead body?” I’m pacing, running my fingers through my hair. Angel comes up to me, taking my hands in hers.
“I don’t know. The only way we'll find out is if we ask him.” I look into her eyes. “Are you sure? Absolutely sure?” “Yes. I’m positive.” She says.
FUCK! I’ve been chasing the wrong person all these years? I’ve been using Eli as my personal punching bag, and he didn’t kill my mother?
I take a deep breath. “You'll tell me the minute anything he says is a lie. Anything!” “Of course, Liam.” She cups my face in her hand, and I lean into her touch. “You and me Liam.‘ I cover her hand with my own, then pull it to kiss her palm. “You and me little angel.”
As we walk back, I grab two chairs to sit on, so we can hear what he has to say. When I sit, I pull Angel into my lap. I need her scent close to keep me calm. She doesn’t resist and once I have her settled, I look at Eli.
“You said it was a long story. Start at the beginning.” Eli
I don’t know why this alpha asshole wants to hear my story now, after all this time. I’m not sure I really want to relive it, but if I have a chance to finally clear my name, my family’s name, and make that asshole of an alpha, Jerome pay, even it he’s dead, I'll do it.
I go sit on the makeshift bed in my cell. “Do you know how I became the Banished +15 BONOS Beta?” I ask them.
The Guardian, I haven’t gotten her name, starts to shake her head but Liam speaks. “Your Alpha banished you because your father was a traitor.”
That was the story Alpha Jerome told everyone, that my father was a traitor, that he went on a rampage and killed my younger brother, and the alpha heir, James.
rather Alpha Jerome, being the kind-hearted Alpha that he was, banished me, than killing me. From start to finish, the story was alie.
“That was the story that Alpha Jerome told everyone so he could save face. Do you want the real story?”
The Guardian leans back against Liam. “Yes, we'd like to hear the real story.” She tells me.
I scrub my hands over my face and begin.
“When I was twelve, my brother Evan was fifteen. He was meant to be the next Beta, taking my father’s place. The Alpha Heir, James, was a nasty piece of work. He thought being an Alpha made him special, above everyone else.”
“James was 17, older than Evan, when it happened. He and his friends took Evan out into the forest. I don’t know if it was a coincidence or if it was planned, but they came across a mother
gar and her cubs.”
“James ordered my brother to prove his worth as his next Beta and protect him. as the Alpha. James and his friends ran, leaving my brother to fight the big cat alone. My brother was strong, but not strong enough to take on an angry cat, protecting her young, especially on his own.” I stop for a moment, collecting myself and my thoughts. “My father and I found him ripped to shreds, huge claw marks covering his body.”
“My father confronted Alpha Jerome and James. James made up some excuse that if he had been worthy of the title of Beta, he would have defeated the big cat. Alpha Jerome said that my father should have done a better job of raising my brother, making him strong and worthy of the Beta title. My father was furious. He wanted to leave and renounce the pack, but Alpha Jerome wouldn't allow it.”
“My father lost it and he challenged James to a duel. Alpha Jerome forbade it, but James didn’t listen and agreed to fight my father. My dad defeated James in the fight and in his grief, chose to kill him rather than let james concede.”
GET 
###Chapter 229
“Alpha Jerome was distraught, losing his only child and heir to the Alpha line. He sentenced my father to death. I was forced to watch as Alpha Jerome beheaded my father, telling everyone in the pack that he was a traitor and responsible not only for James’ death, but also Evan's. Then as an act of mercy to show his benevolence, I was banished. He sent me off with nothing but the clothes on my back at twelve years old. Some mercy. After he spread the lies about my father, no one would take me in, so I was living as a rogue in the forest, barely surviving.
I stop, running my hands over my filthy and knotted hair. The Guardian has tears in her eyes. Liam’s eyes are hard, but it’s him I look at as I continue.
“I had been on my own for several months when I first ran into Luna Estella. I was at a lake that extended past your borders, trying to catch fish or find anything to eat. Your mother saw me and she knew who I was. She came over and sat with me, talking to me and asking me how I was surviving. When she realized that I only had the clothes that I was wearing and I was scrounging for food, she told me to meet her back there the next day. I was worried that it was a trap, but I was starving, so I waited a little farther away, until I saw her arrive at the lake. She was carrying a basket of food and clothes.”
“I met with her and she gave me food, clothes, shoes and a knife. Then she asked if there was anything else that I needed. She wanted to know where I was living and if I was safe. After that first day, we started meeting three or four times a week. I would go every day to see if she was there, and when she was, she’d bring me food and clothing and we’d talk, sometimes she would read to me.”
I look at Liam again. “Your mother was the only positive thing in my life during that time. She told me she never believed the stories that Alpha Jerome had told and that she knew my father was a good man. It helped me to heal just a bit from the pain of losing my only family. If it wasn’t for her, I'd probably be dead.”
I looked down again, coming to the end of the story. “I kept tabs on Alpha Jerome. I wanted to some day take my revenge for what he and his son did to my family and that’s how I heard about it. He wanted to take over the Canyon Ridge Pack, but they had two Guardians. They were too strong to overthrow, so he was going to come here, to take over your pack. He knew the best way to take out your father was to kill your mother. Get to Luna Estella, weaken Alpha Leander then kill him and take over the pack and pack lands. He planned to take another mate and have another heir.”
“I waited until the day of the battle, following the pack into your territory and 12
when the battle began, I took my opportunity to run to your mother. I wasn’t exactly sure where to find her and in the time it took me to get to her, one of Alpha Jerome’s warriors had already gotten to her.”
+15 BONOS
My voice was getting thick with the memories. “When I reached her, she was still alive. She told me to take care of myself and stay strong, just before she died.” I can still feel Luna Estella reaching up to cup my cheek, before it fell to the ground with her death.
“I don’t remember what I did after that. I think I was hugging her and crying when they found me. The warriors that found me immediately assumed I had killed her, so I ran. And I’ve been running ever since.”
I swallow, trying to relieve the lump in my throat before speaking again. “My own mother died giving birth to me. That time with your mother, Luna Estella, was the only time I've ever had a mother figure in my life, and I wasn’t fast enough to save her.”
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Eli’s story? 
###Chapter 230
Tears are streaking down my face at Ell’s story. Everything he said is the truth. There was not one moment in his story that I could taste deceit. Liam had set me in the second chair and had begun pacing. Through the bond, I could feel his indecision, his frustration at hearing this story.
“You could have told my father this story back then, why didn’t you?” Liam asks him.
“Your father was a grief-stricken man, out for blood. He wouldn’t have listened to me any more than you have the last six months.”
I can see the impact of his words on Liam, feel them through the bond. Liam knows he’s right and his own guilt is threatening to eat him up.
ng my armes
I stand and go to him, him. It takes a moment, but his arms come around me and he pushes his face into my neck, breathing deeply, calming himself. We stand there for a moment, while Liam collects himself.
When he’s calm, he looks back at Eli. “What about Cara? Why did you try to forcibly mark her?”
It's Elis turn to stand and begin pacing. “There are too many power-hungry, piss—poor Alphas out there. Many don’t care about their packs, they only care about themselves or furthering their own power. When I was a rogue, I ran into so many others that left their packs because of their Alphas‘ injustices against them or others in the pack. The Alpha line is passed down by blood, but maybe it shouldn’t be. You have bad Alphas teaching their sons to be even worse Alphas and all you get are shitty packs that are poorly run and miserable werewolves with nowhere to go.”
I understand this much better than Liam. I was on the run for six years, several of those with no where to go. My family and I ran into people just like Eli is talking about.
“What does that have to do with Cara?” I ask softly. I feel Liam come up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist, holding me against him.
“I wanted to give those people a place to go, a safe place where they could live their lives and raise their families without having to worry about the tyranny of their Alpha. I wanted to create my own pack, a sanctuary pack for those needing to escape their own or just those looking to make a new start. In order to have a chance at creating a pack like that, I needed a strong Luna. I’m a second son of a Beta, but a strong Luna would have made me stronger. And there is no one
+15 BONOS
stronger than a Guardian. It was a mistake on my part. I never should have tried to force the mate bond on her, and for that I am truly sorry.”
Liam looks at me thoughtfully for a moment before turning to Eli. “I need to think about what you have told me. Cara and Rik will be here this evening. I won’t make any decisions about you until I speak to them.”
Eli nods and goes to sit. Liam turns to the guards. “See that he gets a shower and have a tray of food sent down for him. Give him clean sheets and a clean cell.” I see Eli's head shoot up to look at Liam.
“Yes Alpha.” The two guards say in unison.
As we start to walk away, Eli speaks. “Thank you, Alpha.”
Liam nods but continues walking, taking my hand and keeping me close. When we get upstairs, he pulls me into his arms and holds me. His guilt and frustration through the bond are palpable.
“Clean slate, right Liam?”
“How could I have been so wrong for so long? I could have killed an innocent man. As it is, I've treated him horribly, and all he tried to do was save my mother.”
“We can’t undo the mistakes of the past. All you can do is try to make it right going forward.” I tell him, holding on to him. He takes a deep breath before pulling back. “Come on, I have a surprise for you. before you head over to Clint’s for training.”
We walk out to his truck and he takes me back to the main street that borders the two packs. This time, we stop in front of a hair salon. I turn to him. “I’m getting my hair cut?” I’m so excited I’m bouncing up and down in the seat. 
###Chapter 231
“Yep. I know you've really wanted to get it cut, so I called yesterday and they have an opening today.” He comes around helping me out of the truck and we walk into the salon, hand in hand.
Ayoung she-wolf greets us as we walk in. “Alpha, Luna.” She inclines her head to each of us. “I have you all ready to go.” She’s looking over my hair as she’s talking. “Your hair is beautiful. It's rare to see someone with hair so white.”
She begins escorting me to a basin to wash my hair, turning to look at Liam. “Alpha, you may have a seat in the waiting room.” He ignores her and continues. to follow us. “Or you can have a seat right there. I'll be seating her next to you. This time he listens, following the direction she is pointing but keeping me in sight the entire time.
you
I lean back and she begins washing my hair. “Wow, your hair is so thick and have so much of it. Do you know how much you want to cut? Or is it just a trim?”
“I'd like it short enough that I don’t sit on it. It’s been getting in my way a lot and it’s too heavy to put up, so hopefully bringing it to around the top of my buttocks will help with that.”
She finishes washing and rinsing my hair, then wraps a towel around my head ast she guides me to where Liam is waiting. When I sit, she continues our
conversation. “I can thin it for you if it’s too thick.” Liam is already shaking hist head before she finishes. I smile at him. “I take it you like it as it is?” “Yes. If you really hate it, go ahead, but I love how thick and heavy it feels when I’m running my fingers through it.”
The stylist, Tina, ‘awwws' over what Liam has said. I look at her in the mirror. ” You heard him, no thinning it out, just shorten it, please.”
It takes her 45 minutes to cut and blow dry my hair. When I’m done, Liam comest to stand next to me, running his fingers through it. “Do you like it?”
“Yes, I know it’s still long, but it feels lighter.”
“I cut about six inches off the bottom, so it will be much healthier now.” Tina.
says.
Liam pays and we head back to the packhouse. “Get changed and I'll take you to Clint’s.” +15 BONOS
“Alessia can run over there.”
“I don’t know when I'll be free to come get you, so I’d rather drive you there and have you get driven back. I need to get you a Car, too, so you can have some freedom to get yourself around.” He says.
“I don’t know how to drive.” He stops short, turning to look at me. “What do you mean you don’t know how to drive?”
I shrug. “My family ran when I was 10 and the vampires caught me when I was 16. I haven't exactly been exposed to cars. Honestly, the first time in your truck was only the second time I’d been in a vehicle since my tenth birthday.”
“What was the other time?” He asks and I really don’t want to tell him, knowing it will anger him.
L When I don’t answer, he turns his sharp focus on me. “Angel? When was the other time?”
“When the vampires caught me and stuffed me in their trunk before taking me to their coven.” As expected, a vicious snarl erupts from his mouth. I immediately wrap my arms around him.
“I'm here and safe now. Just don’t buy me a car because I’m likely to hurt someone.”
“I'll add teaching you to drive to my list of things to do.” I frown, he doesn’t need anything else added to his plate. He’s already stretched too thin and the pending war with the vampires is making it even worse.
“Go get dressed, Clint will be expecting you.” He says, and I save my argument for another time. 
###Chapter 232
When I drop Angel off at Clint’s, I walk her inside. I need Clint to know that she’s still healing from yesterday and tired from our marking and mating last night.
After I get his assurances that he won't push her too hard or let her overdo it, I pull her aside.
“Alessia.” Cyran pushes forward, I want her to understand the importance of what I’m about to say and I need for her to listen to me. I put my hands on her shoulders when I see the gold rim of Alessia’s eyes and Angel's eyes turn from gray to an olive color.
“Do not run home. I don’t know if there are other vampires in the area. While we have patrols out keeping an eye on the borders, they are after you. I don’t want you out there without me when I can’t ensure your safety.”
“Yes Alpha.” She says and bares her neck to me. Her act of submission is so unexpected that I stand there for a moment, my heart stuttering in my chest before I reach down and gently nip her neck then kiss my way up to her mouth.
“I love you too much to lose you.” I tell her. She nods and I peck her lips before leaving, my heart much lighter than it was earlier.
On the way back to my packhouse, I begin thinking of everything that I need to do. First, I need to prepare for the meeting tonight. I have some ideas, but I want to see what Anders and Rik have to say as well. I also need to plan to meet with Cara and Rik about Eli. If he didn’t kill my mother, I have no reason to keep him prisoner. I’m hoping they will agree to let him go. I've punished him enough for what he did to Cara, at least in my opinion. He said he regrets it, and Angel says. he’s telling the truth. So, I'd like to send him on his way, giving him enough so he can start fresh on his own.
I also need to plan Angel’s Luna ceremony and I need to get back into the city. I have some new employees that need to finalize their paperwork, financial statements that need to be reconciled and preparations to make in the event that something happens to me during the vampire war. I want to make sure that Angel is taken care of, she could be carrying my pup already. If I don’t survive, I need to know that she and my possible pup will have everything they need.
When I return to the packhouse, I get to work, making sure everything is ready for our meeting. Once that is done, I call George, the manager at my company and let him know I'll be coming in tomorrow and staying the night. I’d like to take Angel shopping in town and maybe take her out to dinner again, walk
+15 BONOS
through the park and show her around. My apartment has been completely renovated since I brought Audra there, and I’m glad. Everything will be new for my little angel.
I've lost track of time when Dustin comes in. “Everyone should be here in the next 30 minutes. Did you want me to have the kitchen staff bring in food now, or wait until everyone is here?” He asks me.
“Let's have them set up a side bar with food and drinks. Then we can see if they want to stay for a more formal dinner afterward.
Everything is set when Alpha Anders and Alpha Rik walk in, followed closely by Cara, Clint and Rik’s Beta, Chase. I greet everyone, Cara leaning in to kiss my cheek. “Angel went upstairs to shower, she’ll be down in a few minutes.” She tells me.
I turn to Clint. “How did she do today?”
“She did great. Being mated looks good on her. It looks good on both of you.” He says smiling at me.
GET IT NOW +15 BONOS
###Chapter 233
“Thanks, it feels good.”
Rik claps me on the back. “Glad I sparred with you when I did. I’d be lucky to take you now.”
“What do you mean?” I ask him, not sure what he’s referring to.
He tilts his head, looking at me. “Didn't you feel it? The surge of power when you marked her?”
“I did. I didn’t realize it was because she was a Guardian. I thought it was just the marking and mating process.”
Rik and Anders both start shaking their heads. “Nope. That’s all from being mated to a Guardian. You felt her power flow through you, and now you share that power as well. Her gifts will become yours, but to a lesser extent.” Rik tells
1.me.
Well, shit. I knew Rik had gotten stronger and faster, but to hear that I would share in Angel’s Guardian gifts? That was new. I wonder how I should test that.
Before I can think any more on the subject, my sweet angel walks into the room.
Everything fades and my feet are moving toward her before I can consciously think about it. I know the smile on my face is too big for the occasion, but I haven’t seen my little mate in hours and the smell of her as she enters the room. draws me to her. An immediate sense of calm washes over me and everything that felt off-kilter rights itself again.
I take her in my arms, hugging her closely, burying my face in her neck. “I missed you.” I say as her arms wrap around me. “I missed you too.” She whispers to me.
I pull back, keeping her in my arms. “Did you eat? Are you hungry?”
“I'm famished!” She says.
I turn to
the room. “There's food on the side dinner will be available later if you can stay.”
bar. Help yourself. A more formal
Everyone makes their way to the food. I tuck Angel against my side, pulling her with me. I grab two plates, having to let go of her to dish up food for both of us. She grabs some bottled waters and then I take our plates to one end of the conference table. I sit, pulling her into my lap. She gives me a look but I kiss her
+15 BONGS nose and start eating before she can say anything. I feel her sigh before she starts eating as well. Once everyone has settled, I bring the meeting to order.
“We all know why we're here. Vampires are threatening Angel because she’s a Guardian. To locate her they have offered a multimillion—dollar bounty. They kept her prisoner as a blood bag for seven years. Now that they’ve found her, it’s only a matter of time before more show up. When they do, they’ll realize that they haven't found just one Guardian, but three. This puts both our packs in danger.”
“Agreed.” Rik says. “What do we know about vampires?” He asks looking around room. It’s Anders that speaks up. th
“Not much. I’ve been looking through our old archives and vampires have left werewolves alone for most of our history. They don’t like our taste, we don’t like their smell, so we tend to stay away from each other.”
The room goes quiet as everyone takes this information in. “They're faster than wolves.” My angel says quietly.
“That’s true.” I say. “I couldn’t see them coming at me when they were about to attack me.”
“You couldn't see them?” Rik asked me.
“No. Could you?” He nods.
“Did you two mate before or after the vampire attack?” He asks.
“After, why?”
He looks between me and Angel. “Angel, could you see them coming?” He asks her.
“Yes, but I knew Liam couldn't.”
Rik looks back at me. “I bet you'll be able to see them now.” He smirks. “Perks of being mated to a Guardian.” 
###Chapter 234
Chapter 0234 ￠ +15 BOHOT “Why would being mated to me help Liam see the vampires?” I ask Rik.
“When Cara and I completed our mating process, I became stronger and took on some of her Guardian gifts, just not to the same extent that she has them. In the same way, I think that Liam will have some of your gifts, one of which is being able to see the vampires. I know I’m faster now that I’m mated to Cara, and I'll guess Liam will be too.”
I turn and look at Liam. “Do you feel stronger?”
He shrugs, keeping his arms wrapped around me. “I felt the power surge when you marked me. I haven’t exactly had time to test out any of your other gifts.”
“Back to the task at hand.” Clint brings us back to attention. “We need a plan to make sure that these vampires do not have the opportunity to get to Angel and Cara, especially now that Cara is pregnant. We don’t know how that may influence her taste to them.”
“Meaning, I may taste better?” She asks with a disgusted look on her face, as Rik growls.
“We don’t know enough. I'll ask Ailduin if he has any books about it and if so, to bring them when he comes this weekend.” Clint says.
“In the meantime, I think we should divide our patrols up and create split teams. Your warriors on our patrols and our warriors on your patrols. That way our patrols become familiar with both territories, and we'll be able to assist each other wherever there is a breach in our borders.” Anders says looking at Liam.
Liam nods behind me. “I had a similar thought. We need to make sure that both of our packs are familiar with all weaknesses within both sets of borders.” He stops looking at Rik. “Do you trust me enough to allow that kind of access to your pack lands?”
Rik studies him for a moment. “I thought we agreed that we are family. I trust my family with my life and the lives of my other family members. I think the better question, Liam, is do you trust me enough to allow that kind of access to your pack lands?”
I turn to look at Liam. He looks back at me and I nod slightly. I trust them..
Liam smiles and kisses my nose before turning back to Rik. “I told you I’m not good at this whole family thing, but I trust the people in this room. So yes, I will allow that access to my pack lands.”
+15 BONOS
“Excellent!” Anders stands up and brings over a map, laying it in front of us. We've already marked the areas in our pack lands where we need to tighten up security.” He puts glasses on the four corners to hold the map down and begins pointing to the areas where they have known weaknesses. “The biggest weakness, from our perspective, is no man’s land in the canyon. I think we proved yesterday that being in the middle of our two packs causes problems with support if that is where we are attacked. While it’s good to keep the vampires away from the packhouses and the weaker wolves that will be in the bunkers during the war, it’s currently our weakest spot. It would give them the ability to divide us and make it hard to fight as one.”
“Or,” Liam jumps in, standing up and sitting me back in the seat as he leans over the table to look at the map. “We use this area to draw them in and create a two- pronged attack.”
They continue to plan for war, Liam giving them the weaknesses in our borders, developing a plan to draw the vampires into the canyon and how to best stage the attack. They begin making preparations for communication, support and managing placement of the elderly, pups and pregnant mothers into the bunkers.
GET IT NOW Chapter 02k
There was a bra moment when Rik told Cara that she could take charge of those indheadhead since she would be in the bunker as well. Cara immediately challenged lok, telling him that she would not be sitting the battle out.
They went back and forth until Anders laughingly looked at Clint. “Looks like my son will have to learn the same lesson that Lily taught me so many years ago.” Clint just smiled, “I definitely wouldn’t bet against Cara on this one.”
While they talked. I moved over to the food table. I wasn’t hungry but the talk of vampires, fighting and the very real possibility of losing friends in this battle was distressing me 1 could feel Liam watching me, even though he was involved in the discussions knew he could feel my feelings through the bond.
I grabbed a bottle of water and took a sip. Clint wheeled up next to me. “How are you doing la “I'm fine.” I said, not wanting to cause more problems. “How about you tell me the truth.” He said looking up at me.
I felt the hears burning in my eyes and squeezed them shut trying to keep them from falling “I’m scared.” I whisper to him.
He takes my hand in his. “I’d be concerned about you if you weren't.” I open my eyes, sniffing. “They are coming for me. They don’t know about you and Care. If I left...”
Avicious snarl cuts me off. “Don’t you fucking think about leaving me. I'll hunt you down and bring you back.” Liam says from across the room. Okay, so he was keeping a closer eye and ear on me than I thought.
“But Liam,” I begin.
“No, Liam is right Angel.” Clint says. “Come sit with me.” He keeps hold of my hand and leads me to a chair, turning his wheelchair to face me.
“They may not have found us yet, but that doesn’t mean they haven't been looking. This is the best opportunity to we have to eliminate the threat that we know is coming Otherwise, they could come for us when we don’t expect it and either Cara or I, or maybe both of us, could end up a prisoner like you.”
It's Rik who snarls this time. “Over my dead body.”
“And we all hope it doesn’t come to that. But the reality is that they will come. 
###Chapter 235
There was a tense moment when Rik told Cara that she could take charge of those individuals since she would be in the bunker as well. Cara immediately challenged Rik, telling him that she would not be sitting the battle out.
They went back and forth until Anders laughingly looked at Clint. “Looks like my son will have to learn the same lesson that Lily taught me so many years ago.”
Clint just smiled. “I definitely wouldn’t bet against Cara on this one.”
While they talked, I moved over to the food table. I wasn’t hungry but the talk of vampires, fighting and the very real possibility of losing friends in this battle was distressing me. I could feel Liam watching me, even though he was involved in the discussions. I knew he could feel my feelings through the bond.
I grabbed a bottle of water and took a sip. Clint wheeled up next to me. “How are you doing kid?”
“I'm fine.” I said, not wanting to cause more problems.
“How about you tell me the truth.” He said looking up at me.
I felt the tears burning in my eyes and squeezed them shut trying to keep them from falling. “I’m scared.” I whisper to him. He takes my hand in his. “I’d be concerned about you if you weren't.”
I open my eyes, sniffing. “They are coming for me. They don’t know about you and Cara. If I left...”
Avicious snarl cuts me off. “Don’t you fucking think about leaving me. I'll hunt you down and bring you back.” Liam says from across the room. Okay, so he was keeping a closer eye and ear on me than I thought.
“But Liam,” I begin.
“No, Liam is right Angel.” Clint says. “Come sit with me.” He keeps hold of my hand and leads me to a chair, turning his wheelchair to face me.
“They may not have found us yet, but that doesn’t mean they haven't been looking. This is the best opportunity to we have to eliminate the threat that we know is coming. Otherwise, they could come for us when we don’t expect it and either Cara or I, or maybe both of us, could end up a prisoner like you.”
It's Rik who snarls this time. “Over my dead body.”
“And we all hope it doesn’t come to that. But the reality is that they will come. 12
+15 BONOS
They have no problem killing to get what they want. They just don’t realize that they will be facing not one, but three Guardians, and two Alphas that now have enhanced abilities because they are mated to Guardians. This is our best chance.” Clint tells the room before turning back to me.
“I understand you are scared.” I cut him off. “But I’m a Guardian. I’m supposed to be stronger than this.”
He takes my hands, forcing me to look in his eyes. “You are strong, stronger than you give yourself credit for. You survived seven years with them and are still willing to fight. I don’t see you wanting to hide. Your first instinct is to protect those around you by leaving. That’s what Guardians do. We protect. And from now on, we'll increase your training. We don’t have long, but I'll turn you into a lethal killing machine so that you can protect your pack.”
“Thanks Clint.” I lean over and hug him.
“Any time kiddo.”
They finish making their plans and everyone agrees to stay for dinner. Dustin ha the kitchen staff send in food while we clear away the maps.
Liam comes over and wraps his arms around me. “You and me Angel. That means you don’t leave me. Promise me.” I turn and look up at him. “You and me Liam. I promise.” +15 BONOS
###Chapter 236
I thought my heart was going to fall out of my chest when Angel suggested leaving to protect the packs. No fucking way is my girl leaving me. I was thankful that Clint agreed with me and helped her see that what she wanted to do was not helpful in the long run.
When she promised not to leave, I felt better. I won’t be completely better until this is done, but for now, my Angel is safe and we have a good plan.
As we sit down, I address Rik and Cara. “I have something else we need to discuss. Eli Gunnar.”
“What about him?” Rik asks and begins eating.
“It turns out that he didn’t kill my mother.” Everyone at the table stops and looks at me. I feel Angel take my hand under the table. “You believe him?” Rik asks.
“I believe Angel and Alessia, and they say he’s not lying.” Everyone's focus turns to Angel and I can feel her discomfort through the bond at being the center of attention.
“They can smell deceit.” I clarify.
“It's actually more like a taste.” She says quietly.
‘Make sure you tell Ailduin about that. It’s not one of the gifts that he told us about.” Clint says. “So, if he didn’t kill your mother, who did?” Anders asks..
I proceed to tell them the entire story going back to when Eli’s brother was killed, through the time that my mother helped him, to her death.
Anders and Clint look at each other. “What?” I say, moving my head back and forth between them.
“We never believed the story either. Honestly, until Eli kidnapped Cara, I thought he was completely innocent of everything. Had I known he was so close by, back then, I would have offered him sanctuary here. He was just a child.” Anders says.
“He was twelve.” My kindhearted mate clarifies.
Anders nods at that.
“So, what is it that you want to do with him?” Rik asks me. O HIS BONGOS
I look at both him and Cara. “I’ve been punishing him for over six months. Some of that was for what he did to Cara, but mostly it was for my mother.” I turn and look at Angel. She gives me a gentle smile and squeezes my hand. “I want to let him go.”
Rik looks back and forth between me and Angel. “Just like that?”
“Yes. My reasons for punishing him are done, but that’s why I wanted to have the conversation with you two as well.”
“Where is he now?” Cara asks.
“He’s still in my cells.”
“Bring him up. Let me talk to him.” She says.
“No!” Rik’s response is instantaneous and not unexpected. It would be mine too if I were him.
Cara turns to look at him and something passes between them. I watch as Rik clenches his teeth and Cara leans over to gently
run her fingers over the ticking muscle in his jaw. “What he did was wrong, but his heart was in the right place. Let’s hear him out. He can’t mark me now. I’m safe from him.”
I know before he responds that she was going to get her way. ‘Be whatever she needs or wants you to be. Because she expects and demands it.‘ That’s what Rik told me. I look at my little Angel and I realize she is making me a better man. It’s not the direction I would have taken on my own, but it’s a better path with her on it. She submitted to me because she trusts me and there is nothing in this world that I want more than to be the man my mate believes me to be. I won't give her a reason to ever doubt that. So, yeah, I knew Cara would win this argument because if it were Angel and I, she would win too.
“You will stay by my side.” He tells her, pulling her into his lap and burying his face in her neck, breathing deeply, calming himself down.
“Of course.” She says, wrapping her arms around his neck. He takes another deep breath. “You may as well bring him up.” He tells me.
I mind link the guards and ask them to bring Eli to the conference room. When he walks in, he stops short, looking at the group assembled.
“Is it time for my judgment, jury and execution?” He asks before moving into the
room. 
###Chapter 237
I stand up and pull a chair out for him. I set the chair away from both Angel and Cara. I’m not interested in him being too close to my mate either.
“Have a seat.” I tell him. I nod at the guards and they go to stand outside the door. “Alpha Liam has told us your story.” Clint says.
“It's all true.”
“We know that.” Clint replies and Eli frowns. “Gifts of a Guardian.”
Eli looks at Angel and I growl at him.
Eli rolls his eyes at me. “I don’t want your mate. I told you already that I know I made a mistake with Cara.” He turns to Cara. “And for that, I am truly sorry. What I did to you was wrong.”
Cara flicks her gaze to Angel, who nods. He’s telling the truth.
Cara turns to look at Rik. I can see him contemplating what he wants against what his mate is asking. “What would you do if we were to let you go?” Rik finally asks Eli.
Eli looks shocked, his gaze going to every member of the room. “Is this some kind of joke?”
“No joke.” I say. “I had you as my prisoner because I thought you murdered my mother. Now that I know you haven't, I have no reason to keep you. Rik and Cara have other reasons to want to see you punished.”
“And Liam here seems to think that beating on you for six months means you've paid your debt to Cara.” Rik adds. “What do you think Cara?” Eli asks her, getting a growl from Rik.
“Angel said you meant your apology. If you truly are apologetic for what you did to me, then yes, I think you've paid your penance. But I would like to know the answer to Rik’s question. What will you do if we let you go?”
He shrugs. “I don’t really know. I’ve been on the run for twenty years. I don’t know what else to do with myself.” “I'll give you some money to get you started, but I don’t want you in my pack.” I
tell him.
He nods. “Understood.”
+15 DONOS
I look at Rik and after a moment, he turns from Eli to me. “I’m in agreement. Let him go.”
I'm pretty sure Eli's mouth hit the floor. He looks around at everyone. “You're serious?”
“Yep. I’m going into the human city tomorrow. I'll drive you up there, give you some money and send you on your way. Until then, I'll set you up in a room, but you will remain under guard until you leave here. Any act of aggression or violence toward any of my pack members will result in the immediate
termination of your life. Are we clear?” I tell him.
“Crystal.” He stands to leave, then turns back around to face the room. “Thank you. All of you.” He walks out and I mind link my guards with my instructions.
“I guess that’s all for tonight.” I say.
Angel and I walk everyone out.
As they are leaving, Rik says, ‘I'll have my patrol rosters sent over to you tomorrow.”
“lll have Dustin send you ours as well and we can get started on the split patrols tomorrow evening. I plan to spend the night in the city, so call if you have any questions.”
I shake hands with Rik, Anders and Clint. Cara hugs both me and Angel before they leave. I watch as Angel walks over and gives Clint a hug before they head out.
She comes back and wraps her arms around me, leaning into me as they leave. ” Everything okay?” She nods against my chest. “Is it weird that Clint feels like a father figure to me?”
“Honestly, it’s all weird to me. Your Guardian spirit and his wolf were mated. Both of them had a daughter and still see Artemis as that daughter. It’s the most convoluted family tree I’ve ever heard of. But family is family. Brother, father, sister, mother, they are your family and that makes them my family as well. And we could both use a little family.”
the packhouse and we head up to our
She smiles up at me. I lead us back into room. Our room. That has a nice ring to it. 
###Chapter 238
I can’t believe that Liam is willing to let Eli go. I’m even more surprised that Rik agreed as well. But I’m glad. Alessia and I can tell that Eli meant everything that he said today.
I'm exhausted after a long day, but my fatigue flies out the window as I watch my mate strip his clothes off for bed. He turns to me. “I don’t usually sleep with clothes on. Do you want me to keep wearing pants to bed or are you okay now that we’re mated?”
I slowly walk toward him, unbuttoning my shirt as I go. His eyes darken as they follow the path of my hands down my shirt. I let the blouse drop on the floor, before undoing my bra and letting it drop as well. When I get to Liam, I run my hands over his stomach, tracing the lines of his abdominal muscles down to his adonis belt. That's all it takes for my mate to pick me up and take me to bed, showing me how much he loves me over and over and over again.
The next morning, I wake, still feeling a bit sore from the previous evening's activities. I’m laying on top of Liam again, not sure how I continue to end up in this position every morning. I move to slide off him so I don’t wake him, but his arm wraps around me like a vice grip.
“You aren’t planning to leave this bed without letting me have my breakfast, are you little angel?” His voice is deep with sleep, and it sends shivers down my spine and heat straight to my core. Is this what being newly mated is like for everyone? Or is this just because I'm mated to such a strong, sexy Alpha?
‘Yes and yes.” Alessia purrs in my head. “I thought you were sleeping.” I say to Liam, lifting my head up and resting my chin on his chest.
“The rules are, I get breakfast in bed every morning. I have no intention of starting my day without a taste of raspberries and cream.”
“What did you have in mind?” He looks down at me before grabbing my waist with both hands and pulling me up. “How about your ride my face?” “Ummm’ I start to say.
“Put your hands on the headboard.” I do as instructed as he seats me so I’m straddling his face. His hands move so each is holding a butt cheek. “Eyes on me, little angel.”
10 +15 BONOS
When I look down at him, he dives in, helping me get my rhythm until I’m whimpering and screaming out my pleasure. Goddess, that man loves his breakfast.
Later, after we showered, had another round in the shower then bathed again, head downstairs while Liam goes to meet with Jackson, his Gamma. Dustin is coming into the city with us, so Jackson will be in charge while we are away. When I walk into the kitchen, the scene in front of me stops me in my tracks. A man, I’m guessing the Lead Omega has his hand raised and looks like he’s about to hit another Omega. She has a hand on her cheek and it looks like he’s already hit her. Another Omega is standing behind her, holding on to her shirt. She looks even younger than the one that was hit.
“What is going on here?” I say walking into the room. There is no one else around, just the three of them. The man looks at me and curls his lip in a snarl. “None of your business. Get out of my kitchen.”
I step further into the kitchen. I realize that these girls are both underage, or if not underage, barely of age. I’ve seen enough abuse to last me a lifetime and I’m not going to allow it when I have the ability to stop it.
“I don’t think so. I asked what is going on here. Why are you hitting these girls?” “I don’t answer to a rogue whore. Just because you are sleeping with the Alpha doesn’t mean you have any rights here. So, I'll say it again, get out of my kitchen.”
Wow, I thought the news of Liam being mated would have traveled like wildfire, but this gu guy doesn’t seem to realize that I smell like Liam because I’m mated to
him.
He goes to raise his hand again to hit the girl. “You worthless, lazy girl. Get back to work.”
As his hand comes down to strike her, I reach out and grab his wrist, stopping him mid—swing. Alessia is just as angry as I am and our aura starts pouring out over this man, forcing him to his knees.
‘Alessia, protect the girls, don’t force our aura over them.’
As the man falls to his knees, he lets out a yelp of surprise and pain. The sound draws the attention of other pack members who come in and seeing me holding their pack mate in my grasp, immediately move to help him and restrain me.
I force my aura out pushing it over them and forcing them to their knees, their necks bent in submission. As more wolves yelp in surprise and pain, others come running in to help.
Alessia has pushed forward, and we have close to 20 pack members on their knees in the kitchen. Dustin comes running in only to hit the wall of my aura. Angel, what is going on?”
I turn and Alessia snarls at him. “Is this how you run your pack? Allowing your Omegas to be abused by their superiors?” I push my aura over him. He bares his neck but doesn’t fall to his knees.
“Alessia, please, we can talk this through.” He grits his teeth, trying to keep from dropping with the strength of my aura. “Really? Because your pack members thought to attack me without asking what was going on.”
“Now, as I was saying,” I start, turning back to the man at my feet.
At that moment, Liam walks in, quickly taking in the scene around him. “Angel What's going on?”
I turn and look at him.
aura.” He commands.
“Alessia. Drop your aura.
“No.” She says and pushes her aura over him.
###Chapter 239
I've nearly finished my meeting with Jackson when I get a frantic mind link from Dustin.
“Alpha, get down here.” He sounds like he’s grunting in pain.
“Dustin, what is it?”
“Just...get....to....the....kitchen.” He sounds as if he’s barely able to get the words
out.
I race out of my office and down the stairs to the kitchen. The moment I walk in, I know something is very wrong.
The kitchen is full of pack members on their knees baring their necks, many are my strongest warriors. Dustin is off to the side. He’s still standing, but his neck is bared in absolute submission. My mate is standing in the center of the kitchen, holding the wrist of my Lead Omega, as he kneels in front of her. Interestingly, there are two
Omegas sitting against the wall behind her that seem unaffected by her aura. They are huddled together, holding on to each other, watching the scene wide-eyed.
I don’t have time to figure out why they aren’t affected, I need Angel to drop the aura now. Her aura is the strongest I’ve ever felt, stronger than mine. I can feel the pain coming through from my pack members.
“Angel, what is going on?” When she turns, I realize it is Alessia who has control. “Alessia. Drop your aura.”
When she pushes her aura out at me, it’s like a full body punch. I take a half step back before standing my ground. I grit my teeth.
‘Don’t you dare fucking submit to b her Cyran.”
‘Not going to happen.‘ He says, fighting against her aura. There may be times when I’m willing to show my submission to my mate, especially in the bedroom. But right now, in front of the pack, when she’s forcing her aura out on everyone, is not the time.
“Tell me what is going on. If I don’t know what the problem is, I can’t fix it.”
“I caught this man abusing these Omegas.” She points to the girls behind her. I have a moment to realize that she’s actually protecting these girls with her aura. It’s like they are inside a protective bubble. Interesting. That’s not typical. Wolves. can’t direct and redirect their auras, usually it flows like a wave.
“You need to pull your aura back. You are hurting the pack.”
“Did you know?” And I feel her aura punch out again. The force finally breaks. Dustin and he drops to his knees. Goddess my girl is strong. I was ready for it this time and stand my ground.
“Angel, I am one person. I can’t be everywhere at all times. I can’t see and know everything that goes on in the pack. I do not condone abuse of any pack member but if I don’t know that it’s happening, I can’t do anything about it. Drop your aura so we can talk about it and figure out what needs to be done.”
I watch as she looks at me, before I feel the pressure of her aura ease off. I watch my pack members all sigh in relief and either fall on their asses or lean against the wall. Dustin drags himself to his feet.
I walk over to her, wrapping my arms around her waist and running my nose over her hair. “Tell me what happened.”
“I walked in to see about taking some food with us today and this man was about to strike one of these girls. He had already hit her once.”
“That’s a lie, I did not.” He snaps back at her.
I suddenly have a metallic taste in my mouth. Angel snarls at the man. “You're the liar, I can taste your deceit. It tastes like...” “Metal.” I finish for her. Her head whips around to look at me.
“Yes. Deceit tastes like metal.” I nod. Looks like I got that Guardian gift.
I turn and walk over to the girls. Squatting down in front of them, I look at the older one. Neither of them is of
age.
“Do you work in the kitchens?” I ask.
She nods at me, cowering. What the fuck? Why is she cowering? I reach out to run my fingers across the bruise I see beginning to form on her cheek. She flinches.
away.
“Why are you afraid of me?” I ask her softly, trying not to scare her any more than she already is.
She looks from me to Henry, the Lead Omega and back again. I hear Angel snarl
at him.
“Will you answer my question?” I say gently. I don’t want my pack members to be afraid of me, unless there is a reason, and these girls have no reason to fear me. “Why are you afraid of me?”
+16 NONOZ
The younger one points at Henry. “He said you hate Omegas and if we ever complained about how he treats us you'd throw us out of the pack.”
Cyran is snarling in my head. All pack members are able to approach me or any of the ranked wolves at any time if they have concerns. This should never have happened and just highlights how much I’m missing because I can’t do everything.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 240
“Has this happened before?” The older one looks at the younger one. Then they turn and nod at me.
“Where are your parents?”
“Our parents are dead. We're orphans.”
“Who watches over you?”
They point to Henry. That ends today.
I stand and walk back to Angel. I rub my nose against her ear. “What do you think is a fitting punishment for Henry?”
She turns and looks at me, shocked at my question. “You are the future Luna of this pack and you caught him in the act.”
It doesn’t escape my notice that Henry flinched when I said she was the future Luna. Did he really not know? She’s wearing my mark for goddess’s sake.
“What is the normal punishment for abusing pack mates, especially underage pack members that are in your care?” She asks me.
“Typically, removal of any status the person may have. In this instance, he would lose his Lead Omega title and become a standard Omega. He would also normally be given between two to four weeks in the cells.”
“And what is the punishment for calling his future Luna a rogue whore?” She asks and I hear Dustin suck in a breath.
My response is instantaneous. I have him by his neck and have lifted him off the ground. “Disrespecting my Luna is punishable by death or banishment.”
“That seems too easy.” Angel says. “I definitely think he deserves to be demoted and spend some time in the cells.” She turns to the girls and squats down in front of them. “What's the worst job in the packhouse?” She asks them with a smile. An evil grin spreads across my face as I realize what my mate plans to do.
The girls look at each other. “Cleaning the bathrooms.” They say in unison. “Excellent.” She says and turns back to us. “He will be permanently assigned to bathroom duty.”
“You heard your Luna. When you get out of the cells, you will begin your new assignment.” I release him and he scrambles away from me. Dustin comes up, taking his arm to lead him to the cells. I realize there is still a room full of pack
+15 BONOS
members watching the interaction.
“Back to work people, nothing to see here.” I turn to my Beta. “Dustin, who do we have that can take in the girls?” “I'll take them Alpha.” A small woman walks toward me, her eyes on the girls.
“Samantha?” I ask her.
She turns to look at me. “You know my husband and I have been unable to have pups of our own. I'd be happy to take them in and care for them, and I know my mate would as well.”
I walk back to the girls, crouching down in front of them again. “Would you like to go live with Samantha and her mate?”
They look at Samantha then back to me and nod. I help them to stand, but don’t let go of their hands. “What are your names?” I don’t know the names of all the pups, but I won’t forget these two after today.
“I'm Charlotte.” The older one says, “and this is my sister Amelia.”
“Charlotte and Amelia. From now on, if you have questions or concerns, you can always come to me, to Angel,” I point to Dustin, “to your Beta. Anyone of us will
you that you
make time to listen to your concerns. Don’t ever let anyone tell
can’t. Okay?”
“Yes Alpha,” they both say, before walking to Samantha.
“Take them home and get them settled, we'll find someone else to cover mealtimes today.” I say to Samantha and look at Dustin who is already mind linking to get Omegas in to finish breakfast before taking Henry to the cells.
Before they leave, the girls run over and hug Angel. “Thank you, Luna.” They say before running back to Samantha. I nod and they leave.
I pull Angel into a hug of my own. “That was quite a show of power, little Guardian. Perhaps next time you want to make a point, you can tone it down a bit. You can control the room without causing the pain that you did. I don’t want the pack to be afraid of you Angel.”
“I lost it a bit. I thought maybe this was something that was allowed in the pack and Alessia and I couldn’t stand for that.”
“It's not allowed and I’m glad we’re on the same page.” I lean in, kissing her. ” Someday soon, you’re going to have to show me how you directed your aura around those two girls. I’ve never seen that before. You really are amazing. Come on. Let'’s finish gathering what we need so we can head out. It’s about an hour
drive to the city.” Cooper Author
Alessia is getting stronger! 
###Chapter 241
We collected Eli and Dustin and headed into the city. When we arrived, Liam took Eli to a store to get some clothes and a backpack before buying him a bus ticket.
“Where do you want to go? The next bus is heading north to Asheville,” “That works.” Eli responds.
Liam gives him an envelope with money in it. “This is enough to get you back on your feet and started in a new life. Good luck Eli.”
After he thanks Liam, Eli boards the bus, and we watch as the bus leaves the station, heading north.
I've never been in a human city. It is big and loud, lots of tall buildings and cars honking, moving in every direction. It’s very overwhelming for me and I am glad that Liam is holding my hand.
When we get to his building, he takes me up to his apartment first. We brought a change of clothes and some
at how beautiful it is. Everything to stay overnight. When I walk in, I’m amazed
an amazing view of the city.
“Wow.” I say.
looks new and the floor to ceiling windows give
He comes up behind me, wrapping his arms around me. “Definitely wow.” He says and I turn to see him looking at me. I smile, blushing at the compliment.
“Ready to head downstairs? I have some work to do, but, I’d rather have you near me. With everything that’s happened, it would make me feel better to have you where I can see you.
I can feel his nerves through the bond. He doesn't like the idea of leaving me alone here, and I wouldn’t really know what to do with myself. Maybe there is something I can do to help him. So, I agree.
We collect Dustin and head down to the office level a few floors below Liam’s penthouse apartment. When we walk in, I freeze.
It's her. The hair is different, her clothes are baggy and hang on her, and she’s wearing glasses, but I would never forget those eyes. The eyes that were my lifeline for seven long years.
“Sarah.” I whisper. +15 BONOS “Mate.” Dustin whispers beside me at the same time, taking a step forward.
Liam immediately turns to Dustin whispering quickly to him so Sarah can’t hear. “She’s human Dustin. Pull yourself together or you'll scare her.”
Dustin blinks looking at Liam, struggling to not run to Sarah and pull her into his
ams.
I, however, am locked on her eyes. “It’s you.” She says so quietly that if we weren't shifters, we never would have heard her. “Sarah!” I say louder and walk toward her, opening my arms.
We close the short distance between us and hug. “You're alive. I wasn’t sure after you ran. I’m so glad you got away. I’ve been so worried about you.”
I stand back, holding her at arm’s length. “You were worried about me? I was worried about you. Are you okay? Where have you been and why did you change. your hair?”
She looks over my shoulder and tenses as I feel heat at my back. “Mr. Holstin.” She says. “Angel, you know Heather?”
I turn to look at Liam. “Liam, it’s her! It’s Sarah.” I frown. “Why did you call her Heather?”
He looks from me to Sarah and back again. “Come into my office. Let’s talk privately.”
In an instant, Sarah looks like she’s going to run. I grab her hands and hold her gaze. “I’m here.”
She looks at me for a long moment. “You're not alone.” She responds back with our words and her shoulders relax fractionally.
“You can trust me and you can trust them. I promise.” She looks at Liam and Dustin, whose nervous energy is buzzing around him, then back at me. “Okay.”
We walk into Liam’s office and close the door. I sit next to Sarah while Dustin and Liam pull up chairs. Dustin is twitching in his need to touch his mate. I can see him struggling with his wolf and I watch Liam’s eyes unfocus a moment before Dustin settles. I'm sure Liam ordered him to calm down.
“What happened to you?” I ask her. “When I left you, I thought you’d be safe with the hunters.” +15 BONOS
She shakes her head. “They were monsters, just like the vampires. They took us to this place, this awful place. It was something out of a horror movie. All these different people locked up in cells, some of them were part animal. I could hear screaming and crying. They basically took me from one hell to another. They said. the ‘creatures’, that was their term, didn’t deserve our sympathy, that they were all just like the vampires.”
I can feel Liam’s fury through the bond. Hunters are not new in the supernatural community, but to know that they have captured supernaturals and are torturing
them is hideous. “What happened?” I asked her.
“They showed us around, wanted to recruit us to become part of their league or guild or whatever they are.” She looks down at her hands. “I could never be so cruel.” She whispers.
Dustin reaches out to take her hand, wanting to comfort her, but she snatches it back. The hurt on his face is instant, but he quickly hides it. 
###Chapter 242
I look at Liam. “He doesn’t know about her history, does he?” I mind link him.
He gives a small shake of his head, no. Dustin is in for a long, hard road with Sarah if she can even accept what we are. “What about you?” She turns to look at me. “How did you get away?”
“I ran until I fell into Liam’s pack lands.” I nod at Liam.
“Pack lands?” She asks.
“You remember what the vampires called me?” She nods but looks uncertainly at Dustin and Liam.
“They know I’m a Guardian. I’m a werewolf Guardian.”
She looks at me, then at the guys and back to me again.
“You're a werewolf, like that Stephen King movie?”
“Well, yes and no. We're shape shifters, but we don’t go around killing people.”
She looks at Dustin and Liam again. “We?” It comes out as a squeak.
Liam replies. “Yes, I am the Alpha of my pack, Dustin is my Beta or second in command and Angel is mate.*
my
“It's a lot to take in. But we are not going to hurt you. Werewolves are nothing like vampires.” I say and she nods. “So, you are running from the hunters?” Liam asks her.
“Yes. I couldn’t do what they wanted, so one night I escaped and ran. I changed my hair, added some glasses, and I ended up here. I saw the add for the secretary and applied. I was thankful to have work because I was out of money.”
“Where are you living?” Dustin asks her.
I see her blush and she looks down at her hands. I reach out and cover her hands with mine. “It’s okay, you can talk to us. We only want to help.”
She sneaks a glance at Liam before looking back down at her hands. “I’ve been living on the streets, coming in early and washing up in the bathrooms here before work.”
I see Dustin's hands clench into fists. His need to take care of his mate has his wolf on edge again. “Liam?” He says turning to my mate.
1/3 +15 BONOS
Liam is nodding. He leans forward, putting his elbows on his knees, effectively putting him at eye level with Sarah. “Sarah, did you know that the vampires have put a bounty on your head?”
I see her shock at the same moment Dustin jumps up from his seat. “WHAT!!” He yells. He looks between Sarah and Liam. “She is the other girl with the bounty” on her head?”
“What does that mean?” She asks me, her lips trembling. “It means,” I tell her, “that the vampires are looking for you. Sebastian wants you back.”
Her hands go to her mouth, they are trembling as the tears start to fall down her face. “I have to go. I have to run. I can’t go back there.”
I understand exactly what she’s feeling. I feel the same way. She jumps up and starts running for the door. Dustin moves quickly and gets in her path. “We can protect you. You can come stay in our pack, right Liam?” He asks, never taking his eyes off of Sarah.
“Of course. You will be safe there. The pack will protect you.” “You can’t protect me.” She says.
“Yes, we can.” I tell her, walking over to her. “It took me awhile to realize it too, but we have a plan. We know they are coming for me, and we'll be ready. If you go out on your own, you'll never know when they may find you. If you stay with us, we'll keep you safe. Our pack is strong, and the neighboring pack, which has two Guardians, will fight with us. We won't lose.”
“Please.” Dustin pleads with her. “Please come back to the pack with us. You'll have food, a safe place to sleep and I’m sure Liam can set it up so you can work from there, right Liam?” He asks, practically begging Liam with his eyes.
I can feel Liam sigh behind me, knowing he'll make this work. He would have anyway for me, but knowing that she’s Dustin’s
mate as well, he'll find a way to let her keep working from the packhouse.
“Yes. We'll find some way for you to work from the packhouse so you can stay. safe. I'll set it up with George. We're staying the night in the city tonight. I'll get you a room to stay in and you can return with us tomorrow. Okay Sarah? It is Sarah, right? Not Heather?”
She gives him a shy smile. “It's Sarah.” “Okay Sarah. I don’t want you going anywhere without me or Dustin with you. +15 DONOS
We don’t know if the hunters are tracking you, but we do know that the vampires are, so I'd feel safer if one of us is with you at all times.”
She nods.
As we walk out of Liam's office, we start to move toward Sarah's desk, setting up another chair for Dustin to work beside her when the scent hits me.
My head whips around to the elevators. “Liam!” I cry, just as the elevator doors. open and Sebastian walks out with two other vampires.
n Cooper Author
They finally found Sarah, just in time, too! 
###Chapter 243
I can’t believe the girl I’ve been searching the entire country for has literally been right under my nose for weeks. I’m thankful that we found her, even if her being mated to Dustin causes complications. It’s at least one thing I can take off my
over-full plate of things that need to be done.
My mind is reeling with the changes I need to make for her to continue working from the packhouse, setting her up as a permanent resident within the pack and wondering how I’m going to break the news to my Beta that his mate was horribly abused by a vampire, even more so than my mate was.
I'm not sure if that’s why I didn’t notice the smell right away, but when Angel calls my name, her voice full of desperation and fear, the scent hits me. The elevator doors open and three vampires walk into the foyer of my office.
I watch as the one in front lifts his nose in the air and sniffs. “Ahhhh, there she is, my tasty little treat. How I've missed you.” He looks directly at Sarah who is shaking uncontrollably, causing a vicious growl to come from Dustin.
Angel steps in front of Sarah, blocking the vampire’s view of her and his eyes widen. “And look here boys, we found the Prince’s favorite little toy.”
This time, it's me snarling. This is anything but ideal. We are in my office, in the human world and we're going to have to fight off vampires and not let them cause any human casualties.
“Kill the mutts, keep the feeders alive. I’m starving.” The vampire says while rubbing his crotch.
This time, I do see them coming. One comes at me while the other goes toward Dustin. I see Angel reacting to keep him away from Dustin until he realizes the vampire is right in front of him. I go after other one.
From the corner of my eye, I see the leader start circling toward Sarah and Angel. “Come to daddy little girl. I've got something for you. Daddy has been waiting a long time.*
Even through the sounds of fighting, I can hear Sarah whimpering and sobbing.” Screw you, Sebastian. You and your pitiful vampires will die here today.” The powerful voice of my sweet Angel, overlaid with Alessia, is music to my ears. She may be scared, but she’s going to fight. At least until I kill this leech and take out the one she called Sebastian.
Just as I hear Sebastian leap at Angel and Sarah, I get ahold of the vampire’s neck +15 BONOS
and I begin pulling. It’s harder when I’m not in wolf form, but Cyran pushes forward, and my hands extend into claws, digging into his neck. He begins gurgling, beating against my arms and hands. When I finally dig my claws in deep enough, I pull my hands in opposite directions, slicing his head from his body.
I turn and see Sarah cowering against the wall as Angel fights off Sebastian. Dustin is on the ground, the vampire over top of him. “Help them,” he grinds out to me. I turn, just as Sebastian throws a punch at Angel. She ducks and spins around, swinging her fist up and punching him on the side of his head. He stumbles and it gives me the moment I need to grab him.
“Rip out his heart Angel.” I tell her, holding on to the vampire. He snarls thrashing against me. Her hand punches into his chest but misses his heart. When she pulls it back, he grabs her arm, yanking her closer to him. I release my hold on him, reaching to pull him away from Angel, but he takes the opportunity to run and jumps through the window, sailing through the air to the ground. I run to the window and see him running off, clutching his gaping chest.
I turn back just in time to see Dustin punch his fist into the chest of the vampire he was fighting, ripping his heart out. He stands and tosses the heart back on the dead vampire before walking over to Sarah, squatting down in front of her. “Hey. They’re gone. You're safe now.” He says to her in a voice used with injured, trapped animals. 
###Chapter 244
He’s a bloody mess, so I’m shocked when she leaps into his arms, holding him like he’s her lifeline. As he holds her, whispering in her ear to help calm her, I
turn to Angel.
“Liam.” She says pointing behind me. I turn, expecting another vampire, but it's George, my human manager.
“George.” He walks in looking at the mess.
“Boss. I thought we agreed to keep this sort of mess out of the office.” He says to me and smiles.
I smile back. I helped George and his family out of some witch business years ago, so he’s familiar with the supernatural world. “Sometimes trouble comes looking for me.” I say.
“I can see that. Is there anything I need to be concerned about?”
“I'm not sure if there will be more coming. We may need to put the offices on lockdown for the time being.” I tell him.
“I will handle that and I'll also handle this clean up. I know what to do. You all should get cleaned up and get out of here in case they come back.”
I turn, pulling Angel to me. “You're okay, right? I don’t smell any of your blood on you.”
“I'm good. Let’s go shower and get back to the pack lands. We don’t know when they will return, but I guarantee, Sebastian is on his way now to tell Prince Keenan that he found me. It won’t be long before they come back.”
I growl, holding her closer. “They won't get to you.”
We head upstairs, showering and changing clothes before heading down to get Dustin. Sarah again surprised me by wanting to stay close to him, rather than coming to our apartment. Maybe humans do feel the mate bond, only differently.
On the way back to our pack lands, I have Dustin call to inform Jackson and increase patrols, while I call Rik and give him the news. We decide to begin training our warriors together inside the canyon. This will help the warriors learn differences in battle strategy and also become more familiar with the terrain around the canyon where we want to draw the vampires for the battle.
When we're done, I hear Sarah talking to Dustin in the back seat. “So what does it +15 BONOS mean that you’re a werewolf?”
“It means that we have a wolf spirit, and we can shift into our wolves, although they are much larger than normal wolves. I guess it also means that we have more animal instincts than humans. Plus, we have enhanced senses like hearing, vision, sinell, and taste.
“I had a dog once. I guess it’s similar?”
I flinch, but Dustin doesn’t seem bothered at all. He’s more than willing to tell her anything that she wants to know. He’s probably just happy that she’s talking to him and asking questions after everything that happened today.
“Similar, yes, but dogs are canine, wolves are lupine. There are differences. But in the way that we have enhanced senses, yes, it is similar. Our wolf spirits are also intelligent. They are like a second voice in our head.”
She nods and looks back out the car window processing the new information. When we get back to the packhouse, I mind link Dustin. “I’m guessing you want her on your floor?”
“Yes. It's just me there, so she can have the room across from mine. That way, if she has nightmares like Angel, I'll be right there.” He mind links back.
“If you need anything, let me know. Looks like we need another shopping trip.” He nods and begins escorting Sarah up the stairs to the Beta floor.
“When she’s settled, come see me. We need to talk.” I link him back and I see him nod that he’s heard me.
I turn to Angel. “I’m going to have to tell him tonight. He needs to know.”
She nods and walks to me, wrapping her arms around me. “Do you want me there?”
“No. I'll handle it. I still have a lot of work to do. Why don’t you go up to our room and relax. I'll catch up to you when I can.” I kiss her and head to my office.
Xx
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 245
I watch as Liam walks away, then I turn to the kitchen. My mate is overwhelmed with work and I added to that this morning by shifting everything around in the kitchen. That, at least, is something that I can help correct.
When I walk in, the Omegas bow their head in deference to me. The one who must be temporarily in charge comes over to me. “Luna, can we get you something?” She asks me.
“Yes, first what is your name?” I ask her.
“My name is Olivia, Luna.”
“Olivia. I'm Angel. I know you were thrown into this today, so why don’t I give you a hand?” Two hours later, I have an in
of all the food currently in stock, we have a meal plan established for the next week, and a grocery list started. We’re working. on a roster of rotating shifts for the Omegas and I’m enjoying the camaraderie of being in a pack again. It’s been a long time and it feels good.
“What's going on here?” I hear Liam ask from behind me and the relaxed atmosphere that I’ve been working at creating deflates faster than a balloon letting out air.
“Alpha.” Everyone in the room stops what they are doing and bows their head in submission. I’m guessing Liam doesn’t enter the kitchens very often. They don’t seem to know how to interact with him.
“Liam.” I walk over to him and wrap my arms around his waist. “What are you doing in here? Dinner isn’t for another...” I trail off, turning to Olivia.
“Thirty minutes.” She informs me.
I turn back to Liam who is looking around at everyone. “I came to figure out what we needed to do to feed the pack tonight.” He says, looking down at me. “But it looks like you beat me to it.”
“Yep, we're set. I do have some questions to run by you, like how do we pay for groceries if I send the Omegas, but otherwise, we're finishing it up. We have inventory, menus for the week and we're just finishing up the roster. Did you want to look it over?“/
He tucks me into his side, looking around at what we've put into place, before smiling down at me. “Nope. You just cleared hours of work off my schedule
Angel.” I shrug. “You have much weighing on you and this was something I could help with. It was fun! Olivia and I had a great time.” Olivia looks over shyly and smiles, nodding.
Liam pulls me back around to face him, cupping my face in his hand. “Have I told you today how amazing you are? And how lucky I am to have found you? And how much I love you?”
I tap my finger against my chin, pretending to think about it. “Yes, no, and yes.” He reaches down and kisses me like we aren’t in a room full of people. When be pulls away, I know my cheeks have turned scarlet. “I love you my little angel.”
“You and me Liam. It’s you and me.”
“Yes it is.” He looks around again. “Okay, call me when food’s ready. And thank you everyone for filling in today. I really appreciate it.”
He kisses me on my nose before heading out.
I finish helping get everything ready for dinner and as I’m about to link Liam, Dustin and Sarah walk in.
“Sarah! Are you hungry? You’re welcome to eat in the dining room with the rest of us.” She looks a bit overwhelmed but starts to agree when Dustin cuts her off “Actually Luna, I thought it might be better for Sarah to have a quiet dinner tonight after such a long, tiring day.”
“Of course. When you're feeling up to it, I'll show you around. The pack lands are lovely and the pack is named after a beautiful set of water falls. Although, it may be better for Dustin to show you. Liam's wolf, Cyran, carried me the first time we went there.”
She turns and looks at Dustin. “I wouldn’t want to hurt your wolf or put you out. He smiles at her and I can see his fingers twitching with the need to touch her.” My wolf, Leon, is strong and he’s already said he would love to carry you to the falls and show you around. It’s probably a good idea anyway so you know where our borders are and you can stay safely within our territory.”
###Chapter 246
I make two plates for them, giving them some bottles of water and send them on their way. “Sarah, if you need anything at all, just ask anyone for Dustin, me or Liam.”
As they walk away, I hear Sarah asking Dustin why he calls me Luna, and him. explaining more about pack hierarchy. Liam walks in after they leave, watching as they walk away. “I guess we’re on our own for dinner?” He says. “Yes.”
“Good, I’d like to have dinner with the pack, if that’s okay with you. I really need to announce you as the Luna and let the pack know that the vampires are coming. We start training with Rik’s pack tomorrow morning. Since Dustin will be out of pocket a lot, I'll need to restructure the rosters to make sure everyone is at the combined training at least once per day.”
We grab plates, piled high with food and walk into the dining room. We sit down with some other pack members and after saying hello and giving introductions, I turn back to Liam.
“What else needs to be done Liam. What else can I do to help you. It’s too much. for one person.” He pulls me close into his side, leaning into me and softly saying, “Thank you. I’m so very lucky to have you in my life.” He sits back, taking a bite of food while he thinks. “Actually, there is something that you can do that would be a great help.
We need to make sure that the bunkers and safe rooms are cleaned and stocked with food, medical supplies, linens, baby supplies, basically everything that the pack members will need while they wait for the battle to end.”
“I can help you with that Luna.” A young mother sitting at our table says. “Since I'll be staying in one of the rooms, I’m sure I have some ideas about what we'd need and I'd like to help.”
“Perfect, that’s settled. Leave it to us.” I tell Liam and I can see some of the tension leaving his face. I’m glad I’m the one helping to relieve the stress that he’s constantly under.
After dinner, Liain stands and gets the attention of those in the dining hall. It’s not everyone, not with over 800 pack members, but a large majority of pack
+15 BONOS members eat here for dinner.
“Attention everyone. I know I usually do this in a more formal way, but I have a couple of announcements to make. First,” he pulls me to stand beside him. “This beautiful woman is my mate. You may have already heard that I have found her and that she and I have marked each other.” He’s interrupted by cheering.
He waits for everyone to quiet down again. “We will be having Angel’s Luna ceremony tomorrow night. I know it’s fast, but there is a reason for that.” He stops looking down at me before taking my hand in his and kissing it. “Angel was held captive by vampires for seven years. Apparently, vampires like the taste of Guardian blood. They have put a bounty on her head for seven million dollars. The other day, we were attacked by vampires in the canyon and today, we were attacked again at the offices in the city.”
Liam waits again as the pack members mumble their discomfort at this knowledge. “The vampires are coming for your Luna, but they will not take her from us.” More cheering explodes in the dining hall. He raises his hands for quiet. “Canyon Ridge Pack will fight with us. They are aware of the dangers to their Guardians and we are reinforcing our alliance with them, mixing our patrols so that our warriors learn their lands and theirs learn ours. In addition, starting tomorrow morning, our packs will train together, twice a day. I will have new training rosters posted later this evening. Any questions?”
Liam fields questions for thirty minutes before saying goodnight and walking us out of the dining room. He sends me to bed as he goes to finish getting ready for tomorrow and waits for Dustin. I shower and crawl into bed, struggling to sleep until I feel his warmth surround me. I can feel his exhaustion as we fall asleep curled up together. GET IT NOW ￠ +15 BoHOB
###Chapter 247
I knew my conversation with Dustin would be rough. No one wants to hear that their mate has been through the horrors that his has been through. But, as his Alpha, it’s my job to make sure that he knows and that I’m the one to tell him.
When he knocks on the door to my office, I tell him to come in and have a seat. I go to the bar in my office and pour us both a bourbon, coming to sit beside him.
“That bad, huh?” He asks me, taking a sip of the amber liquid.
“Dustin, you know what it was like for Angel when she first got here.” I say, watching as he looks into his glass, looking for answers that he won't find.
“Yeah.” He says quietly.
‘Angel told me about Sarah. Sebastian, the one that came for her today, didn’t just feed on her. He abused her daily for the seven years that she was
prisoner.” He puts his glass down, standing and walking to my wall, punching a hole in it.
He leans his head against the wall, pulling his hand out of the hole he created. “I knew it was bad. I knew it had to be based on how she responded to seeing him again.” He turns to me. “How do I help her? How do I help her heal from that? How do I make her feel safe?”
I stand, walking to my friend and putting a hand on his shoulder. “I wish I had answers for you, but I’m still trying to figure it out myself. All I can say is to be there for her, be what she needs you to be and let her set the pace. She’s dealing with a lot and honestly, she’s doing better than I would have thought. That’s positive.”
He nods his head, taking a deep breath. “Do you think she’d go to see Dr. Phillips? Maybe there is something that she can do to help her heal, you know, internally?”
“I think that’s a great idea, if you can get her to go. But again, I’d suggest letting her set the pace. If she’s resistant, either give her time or see if Angel can help sway her.”
He nods and I lead him back to the chairs, pushing him down in his and handing him his glass. He shoots it down and I grab the bottle and pour him another.
“I need to get back upstairs. I expected her to have nightmares, but now, I can be positive that she will.” He looks up at me. “Angel seemed okay with Cyran being with her all night, right?”
+15 BONOS
“Yes. She was comfortable with Cyran and didn’t have nightmares when he stayed with her. She inay be more comfortable with Leon than you being in the room with her, especially given her history.”
He gets up to leave. “Thank you, Alpha.” “Let me know what either of you need. If she’s going to be your mate, she’s part of our pack now.” “She IS my mate. She'll be part of the pack, no matter how long it takes me to convince her.”
When he’s gone, I finish up the last of things I needed to do, posting the training roster for the next few days. When I crawl into bed with Angel, I’m exhausted. I let her warm body and calming scent pull me into my own dreamless sleep.
The next morning, Angel and I get ready and head down to the canyon to train with the pack. I heard Sarah screaming once during the night, but only once. I’m hoping that means that Leon being there helped her feel safe.
When we get to the training grounds, I’m excited to finally see what Angel is capable of. I know her training with Clint is important, but so far, he hasn’t had her sparring. I need to know that she is a strong and intelligent fighter.
When we get there, I make sure that my warriors are divided up with Rik’s. There are about 500 warriors in total, 300 of mine and 200 hundred of Rik’s. He and Chase are here working with the warriors, but I need to work with Angel.
I pull her off to the side. “Okay, show me what you’ve got.” I tell her and get in a defensive stance.
I watch her frown at me. “What are you talking about?”
“I need to see how good you are, so go ahead, take a shot at me.”
“I'm not going to hit you Liam.”
“Angel,” I say and stand up out of my defensive stance. “I need to know what kind of training you had before, what you remember and how strong you are. So,” I say, getting back into my defensive stance. “Hit me.”
+15 BONOS 
###Chapter 248
She begins what I can only describe as a gentle sparring. None of her hits are meant to hurt me, none are strong enough to even knock me back on my heels. I need her to really show me what she’s got. “Angel.” I say and I see Rik looking at me from behind her.
“Piss her off.” He mouths to me.
“Angel,” I say again. “I thought you said your father was a lead warrior.” I say, taking Rik’s advice. “He was, he was a great fighter.”
“So...what? He didn’t teach you to fight?”
“Of course he did. I know how to fight. I just don’t want to fight you.”
I nod, as if I understand what she’s saying to me. “I think maybe you thought he was higher up in the ranks than you knew. Based on what I’m seeing, he wasn’t that great of a fighter.”
I can see I hit a nerve. Her eyes flashed golden for a moment so I push. “I mean, if he had been any good, he would have taught you, his daughter, how to at least throw a punch. What you're giving me is a bunch of...”
Her flat palm hits me directly in my sternum with so much strength, it whips me
my feet and causes the air to whoosh out of my lungs.
off
“There she is.” I say quietly to myself.
you
“My father was a good man. He worked hard and I bet he could take Liam Holstin.” She yells at me.
I get back to my feet but before I can let her know I was trying to get a rise out of her, Rik starts instigating her. “That’s it Angel. Show him what being mated to at Guardian really looks like.”
She turns and looks at me, her chest heaving in her anger. I curl my fingers at her in a ‘come get me‘ motion, and holy hell does she. I’ve seen Cara spar, but it didn’t prepare me for my little Guardian when she lets loose.
There’s an obvious difference between Cara, who was born a Guardian and Angel, who is a reincarnated Guardian. Angel's Guardian spirit has experience, knowledge, and pure grit. My girl is a fiend on the battlefield. Once she unleashes on me, it’s all I can do to stay on my feet and keep ahead of her. She’s everywhere, fists flying at every part of my body, legs sweeping to knock me
17 -15 BONOS down, kicks aimed at incapacitating me. It takes every bit of training and Alpha strength that I have to keep up with her.
When I finally get an in, I grab her arm, whipping her around, pulling her back to my front, and holding her in my grasp. I move my head just in time to miss her head bashing into my nose. When she begins kicking trying to get away from me, I pull us down to the ground, sitting her on my lap. “My father was a good man, a strong and powerful warrior.” She spits out.
“I know he was. I’m sorry love. I was just trying to get you to really spar with me. I didn’t mean it. I know he was a strong warrior. He raised an amazing and powerful daughter.” I hold her until she settles.
When I hear her sniffle, I turn her face to mine and kiss her softly. “You and me Angel. That hasn’t changed.”
She nods and I release her, helping us both to stand. When we do, the warriors begin applauding. I’d been concentrating so hard on making sure I didn’t lose any teeth or get a bone broken that I hadn't realized that they had all stopped to watch us.
“Nice job Angel.” Rik says to her. “Want to try your hand with an Alpha that’s used to sparring with a Guardian?” He asks her. She looks at me. I shrug. “Up to you.”
She turns back to Rik, giving him an evil smile then gives him the same ‘come. and get me’ finger curl that I gave her.
This time, I’m able to watch her and really see how she fights. Rik is fast, but not fast enough. She gets in her share of punches and kicks. When she finally sends him flying, he finally concedes. Her technique is flawless, but we need to work on her speed. I want her as fast or faster than the vampires.
“Tomorrow afternoon, be prepared to face a Guardian.” I tell the warriors.” From now until the battle, you'll be testing your strength and speed against Angel.”
###Chapter 249
I was really upset with Liam at first when he made those statements about my father. Sc, when I fought him, I didn’t hold back. I was surprised that he was able to stand against me. Alessia has a lot of knowledge about fighting that came to the forefront of my mind while we fought.
When Rik wanted to spar, I was no longer angry, so I was able to focus my attention on finding his weaknesses and taking him out. I was pleasantly surprised when it worked.
After Liam suggests that I spar with all the warriors starting tomorrow, I have an idea. “You should bring Cara and Clint to training tomorrow too.” I say to Rik.
“Why?” He asks me. “Then you'd have three Guardians to spar with the warriors.” “No. Cara is pregnant and Clint, well, how would that work?” He asks, referencing Clint being in a wheelchair.
“First,” I tell him, “No one will get close enough to Cara to touch her. Alessia knows her daughter and this is a fact. Second, Clint may be in a wheelchair, but if you think that man can’t hold his own, then you really know nothing about your father-in-law.”
Chase jumps in. “She’s right, about Clint at least. I’m not getting in the middle of you and Cara. But when Eli attacked us with those rogues, we all started tossing them to Clint to help us take them out. He was a machine. Besides not being as mobile as the rest of us, you’d never have believed he was in a wheelchair.” Several of the Canyon Ridge warriors nod in agreement.
Rik sighs. “I'll bring them, but Cara will not be sparring.”
“Okay.” I say quickly, turning my back on him when I can’t hold my smirk back any longer. We'll see how Cara feels about that. Liam reaches out his hand to me. When I put my hand in his, he kisses it. “Are we good?” “We're good.”
He smiles at me. “Want to run back in wolf form?”
Alessia starts jumping around in my head. ‘Yes, yes, yes!"
I laugh. “That’s a definite yes from Alessia.”
+15 BONOS
“Last one back to the packhouse misses out on special
“tom says and
jumps into the air, shifting and shredding his clothes, landing on all fours and taking off.
‘Oh no! That cheater is not beating me.‘ Alessia says as I jump, shifting, shredding my own clothes and letting Alessia take the lead.
She takes off, stretching out her legs. As soon as Cyran realizes she’s gaining, he pushes harder. Alessia is even faster than she was before, and I was shocked how fast she was then. When we get to the back side of the cliff, she starts jumping up the cliff face. Her agility definitely gives her an advantage and she makes it to the top before Cyran and begins racing for the packhouse. We're nearly there, pack members rushing to get out of our way, when Cyran tackles Alessia, and we both go rolling. She’s back on her feet and heading for the back door as fast as she can. Cyran nips at her back legs, but she doesn’t stop. Someone opens the back door and she pushes through, howling her success as she continues running up the stairs to our room.
On the stairs, we see Sarah and Dustin. Alessia, stops for a moment to lick Sarah, before continuing our race, skidding out in front of the door to our room. I can hear Sarah asking Dustin, “What was that?”
“That,” he replies, “was Angel and Liam, obviously racing and it looks like Angel won. The white one was her wolf, Alessia, that stopped to kiss you. I’m guessing she appreciates everything you did to help Angel during that time with the coven. The sandy brown wolf was Cyran, Liam’s wolf.”
I shift, opening our door and heading straight to the bathroom. Liam is right behind me. “I win.” I tell him and start to pull him into the shower with me.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 250
“Angel.” He says softly, looking over my body like he’s never seen it before. It makes me self—conscious, but before I can cover myself, he grabs my hands and pulls me in front of the mirror.
“Look.” He says.
When I look, it takes a moment for me to realize what he’s gawking at. But then I see it.
‘Alessia?’
‘We're finally at full strength. I told you I thought I could do more. I can’t take the scars away, but at least they are better.‘ She tells me.
Better? I may look vaguely like my body is covered in large freckles, the puncture wounds leaving darker marks on my skin. But the rippling of my skin, the hideous welting that had been all over my body is gone. My skin is smooth.
I look at Liam in the mirror, tears in my eyes. “I didn’t think you could be any more beautiful, but here you are.” He says, wrapping his arms around me, kissing my shoulder.
I turn in his arms and let him hold me as the tears fall.
The rest of the day goes by fast. I have afternoon training with Clint. He’s got me on the obstacle course, but now it has drops and flying s meant to knock me off the course. I have to start thinking and moving faster. It’s a good workout and Alessia and I both enjoy it.
Clint calls time earlier than normal. “Angel, come talk to me.”
I come to sit in front of him, as he hands me a bottle of water. “How are Vo feeling about your Luna ceremony tonight?” He asks me.
I take another sip of water, giving myself a moment to respond. “In some ways, I’m ready. Liam needs the help and I know that I can help him. In other ways, I have no idea what I’m doing, and I feel like I’m going to make a huge mess that Liam will be forced to clean up.”
He nods but stays silent, so I continue. “What if I’m not good enough to be a Luna? What if he realizes that I’m a terrible Luna and he’s made a mistake? What- if....what if he decides he doesn’t want me anymore?”
+15 BONOS
I didn’t even realize that all these thoughts were rolling around in my subconscious, but as soon as I started talking, they all started pouring out of me.
I look at Clint. “What if he realizes he made a mistake and I’m not what he wants?” I whisper.
Clint smiles at me, in that fatherly way he has. “Sweetheart, Liam loves you so much. You are his fated mate and even if you were the worst Luna in the history of Lunas, I know that he would not ever think he had made a mistake by taking you as his mate.”
“I've known Liam for a long time. Believe me when I tell you, I’ve never seen him happy, not since his mother was murdered. For
nearly twenty years, Liam has been steady, strong, fierce, and a very good Alpha. But never happy. Not until he met you.”
He wheels himself over to me, taking my hands. “You are exactly what Liam needs in his life, and just you wanting to be better for him, means you are exactly what he needs, someone that puts him first.” He wipes the tear that falls down my cheek. “If you really want to make sure that you are a kick-ass Luna, I have a suggestion.”
“Yes, anything!” I say.
“After your ceremony tonight, talk to Luna Calista. She is the queen of Lunas. If anyone can help you to understand what you should be doing as a Luna, it’s her.” “Thank you, Clint.” I say, hugging him.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 251
I continue to be amazed at Alessia’s power. I’m not sure if she always had these gifts, but they just keep manifesting. My little mate is the most amazing woman I’ve ever met. The Moon Goddess really blessed me when she mated me to her.
I spend the rest of the day preparing for Angel’s Luna ceremony. My Alpha ceremony was not a happy occasion, and it wasn’t a celebration. I intend to change that for Angel. The entire pack and many of Rik and Cara’s pack have been invited.
I met with Olivia this morning to make sure that she had enough help to prepare and feed nearly 1000 werewolves tonight. Since Dustin is out of commission, working with Sarah, I have Jackson get the music, dance floor and lighting set up.
While Angel is with Clint, I take the time to go out back and see that the warriors are setting up a stage and the lighting and speakers for the music are being set up around the back of the packhouse.
take a moment to breathe in the fresh air and enjoy that fact that Angel will officially be a member of my pack and the pack’s Luna in a few hours. The relief I had when I realized that she had taken over the planning and preparations of the kitchen and meals was almost overwhelming. I've been alone, doing everything, or almost everything for so long, that I didn’t even realize how much of a weight it was on me.
“Alpha.” Dustin says as his hand lands on my shoulder.
I turn and look at my Beta. “Dustin. What are you doing here? I thought you’d be with Sarah.” “She’s taking a nap, and I wanted to see if I could help while she’s sleeping.”
I look around at the preparations, squinting. “The flowers haven't arrived yet. I'll
“I'm on it.” He says and pulls out his phone.
While he calls the florist, I look around again. Everything seems to be coming together. I’m not sure if the pack just hasn’t had a reason to celebrate in a long time, or if it’s Angel that is bringing everyone out to assist. I’m hoping it’s the latter. It’s important for the pack to have a Luna that they admire and respect.
“Flowers will be here in 15 minutes. What else?” Dustin asks.
“Actually, it looks like everything else is done, or getting done.” I say, feeling unneeded for the first time in, well, ever.
“Good. Do you have the ceremonial knife and chalice?
I snap my fingers. “Let’s go find them, I think they’re in the safe.”
After getting the last items for tonight, I begin working on other things that have been needing my attention. Dustin and I work for another hour before we hear Sarah moving around above us. “I need...”
‘Go. I know she’s your first priority.” I smirk at him. “Does all that stuff that I told you make sense now?” referencing our previous conversation about mates.
“It's really bizarre, the mate bond, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is, but so amazing.”
“Do you...do you think she'll ever feel it, being human?” He asks me.
I look at him for a moment, before giving him my honest answer. “I think she already does. I’m not sure if all humans feel it or if it is related to her being exposed for so long to the leeches, but either way, I think she feels it.”
“Thanks Alpha.”
At some point, I realize that Angel has returned from training. She doesn’t seek me out, so I’m hoping that she is getting more comfortable in the packhouse and with the pack members. I know if she needs me, she'll come find me, so I continue to make contingency plans in case something happens to me during the battle with the vampires.
When I'm done, I head upstairs to our room. I find her showering and I lean in the doorway, enjoying the view of my sweet little mate. Her body has filled out from when she first got here. You can’t count her ribs and her hip bones aren't protruding like the used to. She still needs to gain some weight, but that will come with time and she’s already putting on muscle, helping her to fill out just a bit more.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 252
“Liam? Were you going to join me?” My little angel asks me.
“I'm just enjoying the view.” I say.
She pulls her head out from under the water and looks at me, cocking an eyebrow. “What's on your mind, big guy?” “I have something for you when you're done.”
I walk back into our bedroom, noticing that the scent in the room has changed.
Her scent is now mixed with mine.
I can’t wait until this vampire business is done. I’m hoping Angel will want to start trying for a pup right away. We haven't really had a chance to talk about it, but we’re not exactly being careful either.
When she walks out in only a towel, I growl softly. “You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life.” I say, walking to her and wrapping my arms around her.
“You're only saying that because I’m practically naked.”
“Nope.” I kiss the top of her head before pulling back and looking at her. “But I may be saying it because I’m ridiculously, stupidly in love with you. You, Angel, are the best thing that has ever happened to me, and I can’t tell you how happy it makes me that you will officially become my Luna tonight.” I tell her.
I see tears shimmering in her eyes and I kiss them away. “None of that. Unlike my ceremony, tonight is a celebration, a happy event. This pack has needed a Luna like you for a very long time. We have a lot to celebrate.”
I release her and walk to the closet. “And, since I want to make sure my Luna is dressed as she should be for her induction into this pack and her new role, I got. you something.” I say, walking out with a garment bag in hand.
My sweet Angel starts bouncing in her excitement, clapping her hands. “Can I see it?” She asks.
“Absolutely, but no putting it on until after your hair is done. Which reminds me, we only have a few minutes before Tina arrives. I asked her if she would do your hair and make up for you. I hope you don’t mind.”
She walks up to me, taking my face in both hands. “Liam Holstin, you are the most amazing man I've ever met in my life, and that is saying something because my father was pretty amazing. Thank you. Now show me this dress!!”
+15 BONOS She squeals the last part.
I hang it on the door before unzipping the bag and pulling the dress out. It’s an A-line, V-neck floor length chiffon dress the color of red wine. It has a beaded strip around the waist and matching silver heels. “It’s stunning.” She says, running her fingers down the dress.
“I'm glad you like it. I thought it would look good with your hair color and even though it doesn’t have sleeves, I don’t think you need to hide your arms any longer.”
She walks to me, grabbing me by my shirt, pulling me to her for a scorching kiss. “Thank you, Liam, I love it.”
There’s a knock on the door. “That would be Tina.” I tell her and kiss her once more before going to answer the door.
Tina is standing there with a large bag of goddess only knows what. “This is my queue to leave. Angel, I'll see you on stage.” I wink at my girl on the way out.
Cooper
Author
Next up, the Luna ceremony!
10
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 253
“Okay, that man is seriously smoking hot!” Tina says as she walks in. “And you, my Luna, are a lucky woman.” “Yes I am.” I tell her.
“And so am I.” She says, looking at me with a glint in her eyes.
‘Why is she looking at us like that?‘ Alessia asks.
‘I don’t know, but it can’t be good.’ I reply.
“I've been dying to get my hands on your hair since you came into the salon and I couldn't believe my luck when Alpha Liam called. I cancelled all my appointments for the rest of the afternoon so I could spend hours getting you ready. You, my dear Luna, are going to be the most gorgeous Luna in the history of Lunas!” Tina says excitedly.
Her increasing level of excitement is a direct correlation to my increasing level of anxiety. What in the world is she planning to do to me? I have visions of Effie Trinket in my head.
In the end, I have to admit, it was much better than I thought. Having Tina work her magic on my hair was very relaxing. When she was done, I looked amazing. I still looked like me, but better, enhanced. “Wow!” I said, looking in the mirror.
She smiled a brilliant smile, clapping her hands. “You like it?
“It's gorgeous.” She had taken my hair and pulled the back up into a high ponytail then covered it with curls so you couldn’t tell it was in a ponytail at all. Then she left long ringlets down my back, with some long bangs in the front. The sides were held up with a silver clip that matched my shoes.
“Okay Luna, so I hope you don’t think this is too forward, but word on the street is that you showed up at our pack with nothing but the clothes on your back.” I nod at her, not sure where this is going. “And, we all know our Alpha barely has a moment to do anything, so I know he hasn't really taken the time you need to go shopping.” I nodded again.
“So,” she draws out the word, digging into her bag. “I brought you some undergarments meant to turn our Alpha to a puddle of mush at your feet.”
She pulls out a bra and panty set. It’s black lace, the panties are thong, which I’ve never worn and the bra is so lacey that I know it won't last longer than the one night. Liam will rip that off me in no time.
TO +15 BONOS “Thank you Tina. That was very thoughtful.”
“Oh, it’s not just from me, Luna. So many of us are happy that Alpha Liam finally found his mate. He’s wanted to find you for so long, and we've already seen a difference in him. He’s a great Alpha and he deserves to be happy, so this is from the entire salon.”
I stand and hug Tina. “I'll be sure to come by and thank everyone. Now, can you help me into my dress. I think it's almost time.”
I only wore the new panties, as the sleeves on the dress and the lower back didn’t allow for a bra. When I’m dressed, Tina leans in and gives me a hug. “I’m so happy for both of you.” She says. She steps back, takes one last look at me, then turns to go. “See you down there.”
I take a moment to collect myself, taking deep breaths. This is what I want, to be by Liam’s side for as long as he is Alpha. The thought calms me and I take one more deep breath, before heading downstairs.
I haven't been outside yet, so when I walk out the back door, I’m shocked at the transition. It’s been transformed into something spectacular. Standing by the door is Dustin, Sarah at his side.
“Luna. I’m here to announce you to our Alpha and escort you to the stage.” “Thank you, Dustin.” I lean around him and look at Sarah. “What about you Sarah?”
She looks shyly at Dustin. “Dustin said I could walk with you both until we get to our seats, then I will sit down and wait for him to join me.”
“Perfect!” I tell her. It’s not traditional for anyone other than the Luna and their escort to walk through the pack, but I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for Sarah, so I’m happy to have her with me during this momentous occasion.
“Alpha’s ready for you. Are you ready Luna?” He asks, putting his arm out for me
to take.
“Yes.”
He gives his other arm to Sarah before turning back to me. “Alpha is going to swallow his tongue when he sees you.” He says and winks at me.
I'm not sure if he timed it that way, or if it just worked out, but my smile is brilliant as the pack members part and all I can see in front of me is Liam, waiting for me on the stage. Everything around me fades away, every person, every sound is gone. It’s just me and Liam, like it was always meant to be and
always will be. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 254
We make our way up the path made by the pack members, many of whom I have yet to meet. Dustin stops to set Sarah down in a seat in the front before continuing our trek to the stage. We climb the steps and he walks me to Liam.
Liam takes my hands in his, smiling down at me, his eyes full of love. Still holding my hands, he pulls me to a table at the front of the stage, before turning to address the crowd.
“Welcome Shadow Falls Pack members and Canyon Ridge Pack guests. I am
thankful that you have all come to witness the induction of this amazing woman into our pack and as the Luna of Shadow Falls.” I turn to look out at the crowd and see Clint, Rik, Cara, Anders and Calista all-in the front row next to Dustin and Sarah. Clint smiles at me and winks. Cara gives me a small wave.
“As you all know, I have waited a very long time to find my mate.” Liam says as he turns to face me again. “Never, in all my imagining could I have dreamed that the Moon Goddess would bless me with such an amazing woman. She is kind and loving, yet fierce, protective and strong. She is a Luna worthy of this pack, and I couldn’t be prouder to make her my Luna today.”
As the pack members cheer, he mouths to me, “Ready?” I nod. I’ve never been more ready for anything in my life.
He takes the ceremonial knife and slices his palm. He then takes the chalice and lets his blood drip into the cup. He extends his hand, palm up for me. I put my hand in his and he quickly slices my palm before putting it over the chalice to drip in, mixing with his.
When he’s done, he takes my hand and licks the wound, sealing it, his eyes never leaving mine.
“Angel, repeat after me. I, Angel Bennis Holstin, do solemnly swear to uphold the charter of this pack, putting the needs of the pack before myself, protecting those who need my protection and providing the love and care that the pack needs from me, their Luna.”
I repeat the words Liam has given me and then he takes the chalice, first taking a sip, and putting it to my lips so that I can also sip our combined blood. As soon as I do, I can feel the pack link open up and hundreds of pack member voices are in my head. Alessia pushes forward and takes control of the noise in our head, managing it quickly.
?+15 BONOS
Liam is watching me and smiles when he realizes that I have easily managed to assimilate over 800 voices in less than a minute. “As Alpha of Shadow Falls Pack, I give you your Luna, Angel Holstin.”
The crowd cheers, and Liam pulls me in for a fierce and passionate kiss. The cheers turn to howls and wolf whistles.
Afterward, Liam leads me around, saying hello to pack members and our friends from Canyon Ridge. I see Rik and Cara dancing, as well as Anders and Calista. I’m not sure if Liam knows how to dance, but I’ve never had the opportunity. Just as I’m thinking it, Liam takes my hand and pulls me to the dance floor.
He wraps his arms around me and starts swaying to the music. “I needed a moment with my Luna without anyone else. Does that make me selfish?”
“If it does, then I guess I’m selfish as well because I love having a moment alone with you.”
We dance and eat and continue to accept congratulations from our pack members. When I take a break to use the bathroom, I find Luna Calista getting food.
“Luna Calista.” I approach her. my
“Oh sweetheart.” She says and takes my face in her hands, kissing both of cheeks. “Anders and I couldn’t be happier for you and Liam. You're perfect for each other.’
“Thank you Luna.” “Oh, none of that. Call me Calista.”
I smile at her. “Thank you, Calista.” I begin wringing my hands and look away trying to get my courage.
She takes my hands and waits for me to look at her. “What is it hun? You can tell me anything, it will stay between us.”
“It's not that. It’s just, well, Clint suggested that I speak with you and I was wondering...” I stopped not knowing how to ask her. “You were wondering...?”
“Would you be willing to help me learn how to be a Luna?”
“I would be honored.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 255
My Angel is the most beautiful woman in the world. When she steps outside for her Luna ceremony and I see her for the first time, I feel like my heart is going to stop. Everything disappears and it’s just the two of us. She is everything. Everything I’ve ever wanted and everything I never thought that I would have.
When she says the words that will make her my Luna and then drinks our blood, I wait to see if our large pack will overwhelm her. It’s an incredible amount of noise to take on 800 voices inside your head at once. It takes my perfect mate no time at all to assimilate all the voices and she’s officially part of the pack.
I walk her around, showing her off really. I want the pack to meet her and get to know her, but I’m so proud that I feel like a peacock flashing its feathers every time I introduce her. Finally, when I can’t take it any longer, I pull her on to the dance floor. I just need a minute to myself with my sweet angel. The night has been everything that an induction ceremony should be. It has been a true celebration with laughing, dancing and general happiness among the pack.
When Angel heads to the bathroom, I go to the bar to get a drink. Rik joins me almost immediately. “You look happy Liam. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen you look happy.”
“lam happy Rik. I know we have a shit storm coming, but right now, tonight, life is perfect. I have my perfect mate, my pack’s perfect Luna and my full
heart is so I feel like it might burst.” “Cheers, my brother! To perfect mates and being mated to perfect Guardians.” “Cheers.” I say and we both drink.
We turn and I see Angel talking to Luna Calista. I can’t imagine what they would be talking about, but it doesn’t matter, as long as my sweet mate is happy. Clint and Anders come over to join us and we begin talking about nothing and everything. I guess this is what it feels like to have a family, to know that you will always be surrounded by those that love and care about you. It’s a good feeling. For the first time since my mother died, I feel like I belong. I feel like the weight of being an Alpha isn’t so heavy that it's suffocating. I finally feel like my shoulders. are large enough to carry it all and I’m strong enough to balance all the responsibilities without breaking under the pressure of it all.
I know my Angel has a lot to do with this feeling, but it also comes from the men in front of me. I have somehow become part of their family, a group of people made from a bond different from blood or genetics. It almost makes our bond
stronger, because it has been forged with intent and determination.
Cara comes over to Rik and they say goodnight. They are staying in our packhouse tonight along with all the Canyon Ridge Pack members. Angel and Calista finally join us and I pull Angel into my arms and kiss her hair, holding her against ine.
“Are you okay Liam?” She asks me.
I lean in speaking softly in her ear. “My sweet Luna, I have never been better in my life. You are amazing and I can’t say enough how happy I am that you are mine.”
Pack members begin to say their goodbyes and it’s early in the morning when I finally pull Angel up to our room.
When we get there, I help her take her hair down, brushing it out. I gently push her hair over her shoulder and unzip her dress. When I do, I’m not surprised to see that she isn’t wearing a bra, but I am surprised to see a lacy black thong.
I lean in, kissing the back of her neck. “What is this?” I say, in a low voice, running my fingers underneath the thong from top to bottom.
“Oh that?” She says and I can hear the smile in her voice. “It was a gift from Tina. and the others at the salon.” “Remind me to send them a bonus.” I say. I hold her dress as she steps out of it and lay if over a chair before turning back to her.
She has turned to face me in her black thong and silver heels. Her hair is falling in fat curls down her back and her beauty is so startling that it takes my breath.
away. “What did I ever do to deserve an incredible, beautiful woman like you?” I ask her. “Liam.” She says softly, closing the distance between us and wrapping her arms. around my neck. “What is it?”
I put my forehead against hers. “I never thought my life would be like this. I never ...I never thought I could be this happy.” I stop, overwhelmed by my feelings for this amazing woman.
She brings her lips to mine, pouring her strength and love into me. When she pulls back, her fingers run through my hair. “I love you Liam Holstin.” She says, her eyes intent on mine.
“I love you Angel Holstin.” She smiles at her new name. I begin walking her over to our bed. I pick her up and lay her gently on the bed. +15 BONOS
I've never been a gentle lover. I did my best that first night with Angel, knowing she needed me to be as gentle as possible, but it was a lot of effort for me.
Tonight, I intend to make sweet, gentle love to my mate and nothing about that seems difficult at all. I want to cherish and worship her, take my time and enjoy every moment.
I take her mouth in a deep kiss, pouring my love for her into the kiss. Her response is instant. She wraps herself around me and begins pulling at my shirt. I stop, standing up and watching her as I slowly unbutton my shirt.
“Liam.” Her voice is breathy, needy. “Tonight, my little angel, I’m going to take my time with you.” Her sweet smile is my response and I finish undressing before
kissing my way down first one, then her other leg, removing her shoes, then sliding her panties off. Her eyes never leave me as I slowly kiss my way back up her body and lay over top of her, taking her mouth again.
As I start kissing my way down her neck, I whisper, “I love you Angel” over and over. Her fingers slide into my hair, her nails gently scraping against my scalp, causing goosebumps to raise on my skin.
When I finally slide inside her, it's slow and gentle. I lay above her, resting my weight on my arms, watching her as I slowly slide in and out of her. The intimacy, the connection, is so intense, it’s like nothing I’ve ever felt before.
I gently caress her face with my fingers as tears roll down her cheeks. I lean down, kissing them away. “Liam, I love you so much.”
My throat is so constricted, my voice is choked when I respond. “You are the best thing that ever happened to me Angel. I love you more than I can ever say.”
When we are both on the edge of release, I lean in kissing her, holding her face in my hands, as we come undone together. O+IS BONOS
###Chapter 256
Every night with Liam is amazing, but last night was the most passionate night. we’ve ever shared. I don’t know why his slow, gentle lovemaking felt so intense at an emotional level, but if my heart hadn’t belonged to him before, it definitely. does now.
Because of the Luna ceremony last night, training was called off this morning. So instead, I have a plan to get started on the bunkers and safe rooms. I head down. to the kitchen to grab breakfast. When I get there, the woman from yesterday, her name is Amy, is there waiting for me with her young son.
“Luna, I brought a helper. This is my friend Chloe. She is pregnant and will be staying in the bunkers too.” “The more the merrier.” I say. “So, do either of you know where the bunkers and safe rooms are?” I ask. They do, and as we are about to head out, Dustin and Sarah enter.
“Luna, do you have a minute?” Dustin asks me.
I tell Amy and Chloe I'll meet them at the bunker and walk over to Dustin. “Hey, what’s up?”
“Luna, Alpha hasn't had a chance to set Sarah up with work yet, and she’s uncomfortable staying here without helping. I was wondering if you had something you thought she could do to assist around the packhouse?”
I look from Dustin to Sarah. “Sarah, you know you don’t have to work. You can just take a couple of days to relax.”
She’s shaking her head before I finish. “No, I don’t want to be dead weight. I can help. Plus, it’s better than sitting around and just thinking about what happened yesterday.”
“Okay, well, how to you feel about cleaning and stocking?” I ask her with mock. cheerfulness. “Sounds like fun.” She replies with mock enthusiasm..
“Then you're with me.” I say as we both laugh. She says goodbye to Dustin and we head to the bunkers to meet up with the other ladies.
When we get there, I introduce them and we look around. “Well, we certainly have our work cut out for us, don’t we?” I ask. “We haven't used the bunkers in years.” Chloe says, looking at Amy.
“Probably not since Luna Estella died.” Amy says nodding.
We begin pulling out old furniture, dividing up the areas to clean.
“So, Sarah, you’re human.” It’s a statement, not a question from Amy.
“Yes.” She says, looking at me.
“How did you meet our Luna?” Chloe asks her.
I look at Sarah, not sure if she wants them to know. She looks at me as she replies. “We were prisoners in the coven at the same time.”
Both women suck in a breath. Chloe takes a step toward her, tears in her eyes. Can I hug you?” She asks.
When Sarah nods, she comes over and begins crying on her shoulder. Sarah looks at me questioningly but wraps her arms around her and pats her back
awkwardly. I just shrug. It's Amy that speaks up. “Chloe, you're freaking her out, stop blubbering.”
‘Sorry. It must be the hormones.” Chloe says, sniffling. “But seriously, I can see why our Beta is taken with you. I don’t know how you survived in that awful place.”
Sarah shrugs. What can we say, you do what you have to do to survive.
About an hour later we’ve made good progress. The room is clean and we've started making a list of supplies that will be needed to stock the bunker. I’m going though the in-room pantry, calling out items when Dustin walks in.
“Good morning, Beta.” Amy and Chloe sing out in unison. I turn to see Dustin walking toward Sarah. “Good morning, ladies. How is everyone this morning?” He asks, but he’s only looking at Sarah.
She blushes slightly as he comes up to her, standing a bit too close. Sarah doesn’t seem to mind. If anything, her shoulders relax a little. “Hi Dustin.” She says quietly.
He leans in and tries to subtly sniff her. Unfortunately for him, he’s in a room
with nosey women.
“What does she smell like Beta?” Amy asks.
His
eyes go wide and he looks like he’s been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Sarah looks appalled. ?+15 BONOS
###Chapter 257
Chapter 0257 “Were you sniffing me?” He starts shaking his head really fast. “Because I’m sure I stink. I need another shower.” “You don’t stink. You smell great.” He says and a dopey, lovesick smile spreads across his face.
I see Amy and Chloe smirking, looking at each other. They are enjoying making their Beta uncomfortable. It’s probably a rare occurrence.
“So, what great smell does she have Beta?” Chloe picks up the line of questioning. “Strawberries.” He says reverently and their smiles could light up the room.
“Amy?” Chloe says, turning to her friend and I see the devilish twinkle in her eye. “Do you remember that time that Beta Dustin went around and stole all the strawberries out of the fruit bowls that were set out for that important Alpha meeting we had here?”
Amy is nodding her head vigorously. “I definitely do. I believe that was the day that we all realized that no one gets in between our Beta and his strawberries.” Dustin looks like he wants the earth to swallow him whole, poor Sarah looks totally confused and it's all I can do to keep from laughing out loud.
“Well, I just came to see if you were okay Sarah. If you’re good, I’ve got work to do for Liam.” Dustin says in a rush to leave.
“Okay, bye Dustin.” She says. He looks at her for a moment, before leaning in and kissing her forehead then turning on his heel and leaving.
As soon as he’s gone, Amy and Chloe burst into laughter. Sarah looks from them to me. “What?”
That’s all it takes for me to lose it as well, and I’m laughing. “It’s a werewolf thing, Sarah.”
She frowns, so I walk over to her, hugging her. “A good werewolf thing or a bad werewolf thing?” she asks. “GOOD! We all say.
By lunch time, we're all ready for a break. We head upstairs to grab some lunch and I run into Luna Calista. “Calista. I didn’t know you wanted to start today.” I tell her.
+15 DONOS
“Of course, no time like the present, although it looks like you’ve already been working on something.”
I'm filthy from cleaning and stocking food. “We’re cleaning out the bunkers in preparation for the battle. I was just about to go get a shower then have some lunch. If you haven't eaten yet, would you join me?” I ask her.
“I'd be delighted. Anders here was going to try to find Liam and talk to him. Do you know where he is?” She asks. “He’s right here.” Liam says, walking into the room. “Alpha Anders. Luna Calista. I thought you’d be heading home today.”
“We will be staying until tomorrow, if that’s okay.” Anders says. “King Ailduin is coming tomorrow, and I know we have plans for you and Angel to meet him. Until then, I thought I could be of some help to you, Liam.*
Calista pulls me aside. “Go get showered sweetheart, we have our own work to do while the men do their thing.” Before I can leave, Liam pulls me into his chest. “You look like you’ve been busy Luna.”
“Mmhmm, we’re getting the bunkers cleaned out and we’ve started a supply list. Oh and I learned about our Beta’s fascination with strawberries.”
“It's renowned. Did you hear about the Alpha meeting?” He says and I start laughing again.
“I did.” I lean in to whisper in his ear. “Apparently Sarah smells like. strawberries.”
Liam's bark of laughter has everyone in the room going still. They all turn to see their Alpha laughing out loud for the first time in his life. Anders and Calista share a knowing look while I laugh along with my mate.
“I can’t wait to give him hell about that.” Liam says.
I reach up on my toes and kiss him. “Gotta run Alpha, got Luna stuff to do.”
As I walk away, I feel his eyes follow me up the stairs until I turn the corner to our room.
? 
###Chapter 258
As I watch my mate walk away, my heart feeling light as a feather, Anders steps up to me.
“The Moon Goddess always gets it right, doesn’t she?”
“I don’t know about always, but she definitely got it right with me.”
When I can no longer see her, I turn to Anders. “What kind of help were you thinking of Anders?”
We start to walking toward my office. “Well, Rik put me in charge of strengthening the weak spots on our borders. I thought, while I was here, that I could do the same for yours. If you can spare me some of your pack members, we can go out, assess what needs to be done and put up barriers or traps, depending on the weakness.”
“That would be amazing! I have some ideas, but I haven’t had a chance to get to it yet.” “Then let me take that off your plate.” He claps his hand on my shoulder. ” You’re not alone any more Liam.”
“I'm beginning to realize that. Thank you, Anders. Do you want to have lunch before you head out? We can eat together and I can go over my thoughts.”
Just as I say it, there is a knock at my office door. I look up and see Amelia and Charlotte carrying trays of food. “Alphas, Luna Angel and Luna Calista said you both need to eat. Luna Angel thought you’d want to talk to us Alpha Liam, so shel asked us to bring your trays.”
“Come in girls. Luna Angel is correct. Have you met Alpha Anders?” I ask them as I take a tray from one and Anders takes a tray from the other.
They shake their heads looking at Anders. “Anders, these are my pack members Amelia and Charlotte. Amelia, Charlotte,” I point to each one as I say their names, “this is Alpha Anders, the former Alpha of Canyon Ridge Pack.”
“Hello pups. It’s always nice to meet members of our allied packs.”
“Have a seat girls.” I tell them, coming around my desk and pulling up a chair in front of them. “How did you settle in last night with Samantha and her mate?”
up.” Their faces light up. “We each have our own bed!”
“Yeah, and we could have had our own rooms but we wanted to stay together.”
“And they made us our favorite food, but we couldn’t decide which one we wanted.” “So they made them all for us. Pizza and tacos and hamburgers.”
They are talking so fast that they are just going back and forth with the story, as one takes a breath, the other continues. It’s obvious that they are happy and excited to be with Samantha.
“Can I see your cheek, Charlotte?” I ask her. She wouldn’t let me get close enough to her yesterday to really look at it.
She comes and stands in front of me, pulling her hair aside so I can see. Samantha said it was an ugly bruise, but nothing was broken. She put some stuff on it and it looks a lot better today.”
I gently poke around the bruise. Samantha is right, nothing is broken. “So, does this mean you girls want to stay with Samantha?”
“Yes Alpha.” They both say.
“Good to hear.” Samantha says from my doorway. They hop up and run over to her, hugging her. I stand and walk to her. “How about you? Is there anything that you need from me?”
“No Alpha, my mate and I are financially stable and can provide everything the girls need but thank you.” She looks down at them. “Girls, are you done speaking with Alpha Liam?”
They turn and look at me. “I’m good. Just remember, if you ever need anything, you can always come to me.” They nod and Samantha guides them out of my office “Okay girls, let’s go get you some new clothes.” I turn and see Anders watching attentively. “What was that about?”
“Angel caught my Lead Omega who was also their guardian abusing them yesterday. To say that she showed her unhappiness would be the understatement of the millennia. I’ve never seen such power.” Which reminded me of something else. “Have you ever known a werewolf that could direct their aura?” I ask him.
His eyebrows shoot up into the air. “Direct their aura? You mean like send it in one direction but not another?”
I tell him about how Angel protected the girls while bringing my pack members to their knees. He whistles appreciatively. “I’ve never heard of that. I don’t remember seeing Lily do that either, but then, I wasn’t there when she died. She
SONOB 11+
may have done that when she was protecting Cali and Rik, I don’t know.” “Til ask Ailduin tomorrow when we see him.”
+15 BONOS
We finished eating and I talked to Anders about my ideas for strengthening my borders‘ weaknesses. He had some other ideas but said he wanted to see the areas first before making a final decision. I called five warriors to go with him and he
set off.
I took the rest of the early afternoon to clear pack work off my plate. When it was time for training, I went to find Angel. I found her and Luna Calista deep in conversation, Angel taking what looked like a book of notes.
“What's all this?” I asked her, coming up and kissing the top of her head, looking at what she was writing. When I see what itis, I stand back up and look between them, waiting for Angel to answer. I see her shift uncomfortably, looking down at her paper. Luna Calista reaches over and takes her hand, smiling at her and giving
her a nod.
Angel takes a deep breath and looks up at me. “I want to be the best Luna I can possibly be for you Liam. I don’t want you to ever regret taking me as your mate and Luna of this pack, so Calista agreed to help teach me how to be a Luna.”
I pull Angel to her feet, cupping her cheek. “There is nothing in this world that will ever make me regret taking you as my mate and the Luna of this pack. I’m happy that you want to learn to be a good Luna, but don’t do it for me. Do it for you and the pack. I love you no matter what.”
“I told you.” Calista says.
“It's just....you’re so good at being an Alpha. Everyone says so, and I have no idea how to be a Luna. I don’t want you to think that the Moon Goddess gave you a bum mate.”
I lean forward and kiss her forehead. “Do you know, that just a few short hours ago, Alpha Anders and I were talking about how right the Moon Goddess got it, mating me with you. Never doubt that I believe that with all my heart. Luna stuff will come with time. I’ve been an Alpha my entire life. I was born into this. You're just getting into it, and you’ve already taken so much off my plate that my job as an Alpha is easier.”
“Really?”
“Really. Now enough of this talk. Meet with Luna Calista, or whoever you want, but no more about not being a good enough mate for me. You're mine and that will never change.”
“Okay Liam.”
“Good. Now are you ready for training? You have some warrior butt to kick.” 
+15 BONOS
GET 
###Chapter 259
I showered quickly so I wouldn’t make Calista wait. When I found her in the kitchen, she was talking to Amelia and Charlotte. After checking in with them and Samantha, who was also with them, I sent them with food for Liam and Anders, knowing that Liam would want to check in with them as well.
Calista and I grabbed some food and I also grabbed a note pad and pen before finding a quiet place for us to eat and talk. “Based on what I’m seeing, it looks like you already know how to be a Luna, Angel. So, what is it that you need from me?” “I want to know how to do it right, so that I can be the Luna that Liam wants and needs for his pack.”
She smiles kindly at me. “Sweetheart, you already are.
I'm shaking my head before she finishes. “I’m just helping him out, I don’t know what I should be doing every day.”
“But that’s what being a Luna is all about, helping your Alpha and helping the pack. You know the responsibility of being an Alpha is huge. A good Alpha takes that responsibility very seriously and Liam is a good Alpha. He is responsible for over 800 pack members, but who looks after him? Who helps him carry the weight of looking after the pack?”
I'm thinking about what she says when she continues. “Do you know, I’ve known Liam almost his entire life. And today, when you whispered in is ear, it was the first time I’ve ever heard him laugh out loud. Based on the reaction of the pack. members nearby, I'd say they also have never heard him laugh. That’s what being a good Luna is all about. You make your Alpha stronger by being his strength.”
“I'd still like to know what a Luna does on a day-to-day basis.”
“Of course. Every Luna is different, but I can tell you what I did. I’m sure Cara runs her pack differently, and that’s okay, but it will give you a starting point. For the next couple of hours, I take copious notes on everything Calista tells me about what and how she did things in her pack. There is so much, it’s a wonder that she ever accomplished anything. The list is becoming overwhelming and I’m wondering if I’m really the person for this job, when Liam joins us.
After talking with Liam, I feel better and I say my goodbyes to Calista and get changed for training. iP) +15 BONOS
Liam and I arrive and there are about the same number of warriors today as yesterday. Rik has brought Clint and Cara and they are lingering in the front. Cara looks ready to take on the entire group, bouncing on her toes. Clint looks calm and collected, but there is a glint in his eyes, one that says he’s also ready to take on the group.
“Ready to kick some butt?” I say walking up to my fellow Guardians. I see Rik grinding his teeth together and I know that Cara won whatever battle they had about her training today. r
Liam speaks quietly to Rik, who nods, before getting in front of the group. Warriors. Today we're going to try a different approach to the beginning of training. One thing we know is that vampires are fast. Faster than most werewolves can see. So, today, I’m going to have you line up in battle lines.” The group shifts around giving themselves some space in between each other and preparing to take a defensive stance.
“Cara and Angel, if you would pick a side and line up in attack mode.” Cara takes right and I go left, facing the group.
“The goal for today is touch the Guardian.” I turn to look at Cara and we share at competitive smile. We know how fast we are, much faster than a normal werewolf. We're both ready to turn up the speed.
As Liam finishes explaining that we will be whipping through the lines, taking all 500 warriors down as they try to catch us or at least block us, Cara and I take our attack stances.
“On my mark,” He shouts out and Clint shoots off a gun.
Cara and I are off like bullets shot from the gun. It’s obvious to us that the front line thought they would have the advantage, since they could see us before we started to move. They did not, they were down before they even knew what hit
them. About a third of the way through the lines, I see Cara smirking at me and I know what she’s thinking. The competition isn’t
between us and the warriors, it’s between her and me. We both kick up our speed, taking warriors down even faster than we were before, trying to beat the other one and knock them down the
fastest.
When the entire group is on the ground, she and I stop, looking at each other as we burst out laughing. We tied, but it was a fun competition.
The rest of the training session, Liam and Rik put warrior after warrior up +15 BONOS
against me and Clint. I’m happy that Rik decided to let Clint spar. It’s a bit odd, but it’s good for the warriors to figure out ways to work around obstacles, such as his wheelchair.
?+15 
###Chapter 260
While Rik and Liam assist the warriors sparring with us, Cara and Chase walk around and give the other warriors feedback. Overall, it's a good training session and we head back to the packhouse feeling good.
We have dinner with Dustin and Sarah before heading to our room. We pack for the weekend away at Canyon Ridge before heading off to sleep.
The next day we meet up with Anders and Calista at breakfast. Anders updates. Liam on the security measures he put into place in our border’s weaknesses and the traps that have been laid. After breakfast, we say goodbye to Dustin and Sarah and we’re on our way. Anders and Calista leave at the same time and we all arrive at the Canyon Ridge packhouse together.
As we walk into the packhouse I smell him. Immediately a rush of memories comes back to me. My pace increases and as I walk into the main hall, he’s there. “Ailduin.”
He looks up and smiles at me. “Guardian.” He walks forward and reaches out to tak my hands but is stopped by Liam’s snarl and his arm ripping me back to him.
Everything around Ailduin suddenly goes dark, as if he is conjuring a storm. The air thickens and his eyes go nearly black. I can feel Liam and Cyran responding as if they are preparing to fight.
I turn quickly, standing in front of Liam. “Liam. I remember Ailduin. It’s okay.”
“You're MY mate.”
“She’s not your mate if she doesn’t choose to be.” Ailduin says behind me.
I can feel Rik, Cara and Clint moving closer. I turn, standing in front of Liam.
“Liam is my fated mate. I did choose him, it’s not like it was with Jinelle, Ailduin. Please, calm down.”
Ailduin doesn’t back down and I can feel Liam’s need to push me behind him. I push my aura out, hard and fast toward Ailduin. “Ailduin! Do not make me choose between you, because it will be him. This is not like it was before. Stand down.”
I can see the moment’my aura hits him. He blinks and his eyes focus back on me. “My apologies Guardian. I did not mean to offend you.”
“What about me? Did you mean to offend me?” Liam snaps from behind me. +15 BONOS “Liam.”
I see Ailduin’s jaw clench. “I do not have good experiences with Alphas and their interactions with Guardians.” He tells Liam. “In my experience, Guardians are forced into a mate bond they do not want or choose.”
I take a step forward and put my hand on Ailduin’s arm, ignoring Liam's growl of displeasure behind me. “It is not like that this time Ailduin. You have my word as a Guardian.”
“What is your name now Guardian?” Ailduin asks me. “lam Alessia. My human is Angel. It is good to see you again.”
“It is good to finally meet you. I was very happy when Cara told me that you’d been found. I’ve been searching for you since Lily's death. I thought I’d found you once, then you disappeared.” He looks around, only now realizing that he is surrounded by werewolves that were ready to jump in if he attacked Liam.
“Cara didn’t go into detail, but I understand that there is a story there. I’d like to chronical your life while I am here Alessia. It’s been nearly 100 years since the story of Bellona’s line has been recorded. Anything you may remember during that time would be helpful.”
“Of course Ailduin. I would be happy to meet with you. I’d like to catch up with you as well.” Again, I reached out to touch his arm. Again Liam growled and again I ignored him. “You do know that Jinelle never stopped loving you, right?” I watch his throat work, trying to swallow the lump that formed and his jaw clench. “Thank you for that. I never stopped loving her either.”
“Okay, can we move on now.” This from Liam.
I turn to him, putting my hand on his cheek, waiting for him to look at me. “My feelings for Ailduin are no different than my feelings for Clint. The Guardian spirit does not reincarnate with the human, Liam. It reincarnates as a wolf spirit but not with the feelings of the previous wolf. While I have the memories of Jinelle and Lily, and their wolves, it does not change my feelings for you. You are my mate, and that will not change until we die.”
He takes me by my hips, pulling me against him. “Does he know that?” He asks me as if Ailduin isn’t standing right there.
“As the Guardian's lead chronicler for over a century, I’m quite sure he understands how the Guardian spirit works. Right, Ailduin?”
“Angel is correct. My feelings for this Guardian line are driven by my history with +15 BONOS
Jinelle and her wolf but I am well aware that the mate bond from that time died. with my mate. My feelings for your mate, Liam, are familial, not as a lover.”
Liam doesn’t take his eyes off me. “You and me, Liam.” He finally relaxes and leans his forehead against mine. “You and me Angel.”
###Chapter 261
If Angel touches the Fae King one more time, I may have to kill him. If he thinks he can take my mate from me, he'll be in for the fight of his life. I have no intention of losing my mate to him or anyone.
After Angel calms me down, I feel better, but I still don’t want her alone with this guy. I may trust her, but I don’t trust him. “Now that that's settled,” Rik says, “how about we convene in one of our conference rooms.
We all move into the room and I pull Angel into my lap. She gives me an exasperated look, but when I don’t budge, she settles back against me with a heavy sigh.
“Everyone, this is my son, Aolis.” A young man maybe 9-10 years old nods his head. “He is here to begin learning how we chronicle the Guardian history, so that he may take it over when he’s older.”
I notice the kid made sure he sat next to Cara. Weird. These Fae men have a thing for our Guardians. I’m not taking any chances with my mate this weekend.
Ailduin turns his attention to Angel. “Alessia and Angel, I'd be interested to know where you have been for the last thirteen years. I got the impression from Cara that it is not a happy story.”
I wrap my arms around my mate as she begins to tell Ailduin her story, from the time that she got her wolf to the time when she ran into my pack lands.
Ailduin is deep in thought. “Have you heard of this before Ailduin?” Clint asks him.
He looks back at Angel, long enough to have another growl rumbling in my chest. Angel’s hand begins running up and down my arm, calming me.
“There was a Guardian, who died under suspect circumstances. It was after Jinelle, so I was not chronicling the history at the time, but because it was Bellona’s line, I was keeping track as best as I could. There was a Guardian death that was never clearly outlined. It was during a time of unrest with the vampires.”
He turns to Aolis. “Aolis, make a note to check the undocumented history of Gabriela. I believe I made note of the vampire unrest during that time.”
He turns back to Angel. “And they called you Custos Regni?”
“Yes. Cara said it means Guardian of the Realm.”
+15 BONOS
Ailduin is deep in thought again. “It does, which implies something bigger than just being a werewolf Guardian.”
After a moment he continues. “I noticed earlier that your Guardian aura is much stronger than it used to be. Did you by chance try to use it on this prince or any of the other vampires?”
Angel shakes her head, no. “I was only 16 when they took me and after that, Alessia grew weaker and weaker until she was only with me when I was in dire need of healing.”
“Father, should I make a note to research the auras of the Guardians?” Aolis asks Ailduin. He looks at Angel again, deep in thought before turning to Clint.
“Can you push your aura out?” He asks him.
Clint does and I feel it, but it is nothing compared to Alessia’s. “Interesting. And what about you Cara?” Cara’s is much stronger than her father’s, not as strong as Alessia’s, but very powerful.
He looks at Angel thoughtfully again. My arms tighten around her. I’ve never considered myself to be a possessive, jealous man, but I’m really struggling with this Fae King. Of course, I’ve never had so much to lose before either. Everyone before Angel was replaceable. No one could replace her for me.
“I think your aura is strongest because your Guardian spirit has reincarnated more often than Clint’s.” He says.
“Why would that matter?” Anders speaks up, asking the question in my mind. “Each time the Guardian spirit has reincarnated, it has become more powerful. The spirit maintains memories and gifts, gaining others. The Bellona line has reincarnated four times more than the Aloysius line, therefore, something like an aura would be more powerful. Have you noticed any other changes?” He asks Angel. 
###Chapter 262
“She can direct her aura.” I say.
Angel turns and looks at me, before turning back to Ailduin. “It’s true. Is that
new? I have the ability to direct my aura around some while pushing it out onto others.”
Ailduin’s eyes go wide. “Show me.”
Angel shrugs. “I already did. When I pushed my aura on you earlier, I wrapped it around Liam so he wouldn't feel it.” I frown. “When did you push your aura on him?” I ask.
“When he was ready to fight you. I pushed it at him to get him to back down.” So that’s what I felt. It was a strange, warm sensation. I had thought it was coming from Ailduin, even though it didn’t feel threatening. It felt, safe. And apparently, it was.
I look up at Ailduin. “Is that why you backed down?”
He’s looking at Angel again. “I honestly don’t know. I know it forced me to refocus on her, but I don’t know if that’s because I felt the punch, and it was a punch, or if it was me being forced. We'll have to test that this weekend.”
“What else?” He asks, looking at Angel again.
“I can taste deceit. Cara and Clint don’t have that ability.”
“You still have it.” He says quietly and his eyes go glassy.
I can feel Angel's confusion through the bond. “Still have what?” She asks.
“Aolis, document this. I gave Jinelle the gift of being able to taste deceit. Her Alpha was lying to her and using their mate bond to manipulate her. I didn’t know that it would last for more than the one generation, but your wolf spirit has assimilated it into your being.” He chuckles softly. “You are so amazing.”
I feel myself getting tense again, before Angel's hand starts it’s trek up and down my arm. The calming motion does not go unnoticed by Ailduin and he looks at
1.me.
“I can appreciate and value Angel as a Guardian without wanting to take her as my mate. The Fae are not gifted mates as often as werewolves, so we revere the bond, treasure it. I would never take that from someone.”
Inod, but I’m thankful that Angel doesn’t stop her calming touch. SONOO SI “Have you noticed anything else.”
It's Rik that speaks up this time. “Yes. Based on our conversation last year, the Guardian’s power is not transferred to the Alpha when the mate bond is
completed.”
“That is correct.” Ailduin says.
“Yet, both Liam and I have enhanced abilities and both of us felt a power surge when we completed the bond.”
Ailduin’s eyes go wide. “You experience the gifts of the Guardians?” He asks.
“Yes, but not to their extent, or at least, I don’t think so.” Rik says.
“Besides being stronger and faster, I can also taste deceit now.” I tell him.
He stares at all of us for a good couple of minutes. “I would like to test this while I am here as well. This is definitely the first time
that anything like this has been documented. I wonder if it’s because of the frequency of the reincarnation or...” “We think it’s because the bond was created willingly.” Angel says.
Cara nods.
Ailduin turns to Aolis. “You have given us much to consider and document. I would like to take the rest of today to ponder what has been said here. Would it be agreeable to everyone if we were to reconvene tomorrow morning? I'll have a list of tests I'd like to try.
Everyone agreed and we broke away. I needed to have a moment with my mate. My emotions are in turmoil and I need to get them under control.
We were shown to our rooms and I pulled my mate into our room, needing some time alone with her. Cooper Author
Gottinn mara information al 
###Chapter 263
Telling my story again was difficult. Knowing it would be chronicled for eternity made it even harder. While I wasn’t pleased that Liam needed me in his lap, I was glad to be there, wrapped in his arms while I told my story.
I'm not sure why Ailduin is having the effect on Liam that he is. He has never shown any jealousy with Clint. But, with Ailduin, he’s acting like I’m going to leave him, to choose Ailduin over him.
When he pulls me into our room, I know he needs to reconnect. I don’t want him to ever feel like anyone can take his place in my heart, my soul or my life. There is no one else but him. Those words we say to each other, ‘you and me’, those words are everything.
As soon as he closes the door, I pull him into my arms. His buries his head in my neck. “Liam.” “I can’t lose you. Maybe you don’t feel it, but he feels something, and I can’t lose you.”
I pull back, taking his face in my hands. “You won't, not ever. Don’t you feel it?”
He won't look me in the eye. I’ve never seen my mate look so vulnerable as he does right now. “Feel what?”
I decide to try something. If I can push my aura out, maybe I can push this feeling of complete and total love out to my mate. If he’s so caught up in his own head that he can’t feel it through the bond, then maybe I can push it on him. I take a moment, collecting myself, letting myself feel my love for Liam, my trust, my admiration for this man and then I push it at him. I wrap it around him, enveloping him in a bubble of my love.
His quick intake of breath tells me that it's working. “That’s what I feel for you Liam. No one else. No one can ever take your place. You are the other half of my soul. You brought me back from a place where I never thought I’d be happy again.”
He buries his face into my neck again, lifting me up and moving us to the sitting area in the room. I keep the emotions wrapped around us as I continue. “I know that we’ve both had so much loss in our lives. I know that the people that should have been there to love you weren't. But I’m not going anywhere. I’m not going to leave you Liam.”
+15 BONOS He pulls back, looking at me with tears in his eyes. “I can’t lose you.” “And you never will. You are mine and I am yours. I’m not going anywhere.”
His kiss starts soft, tender, but quickly turns into something needy, a desire to reconnect and reaffirm our connection and love. He moves us to the bed,
stripping our clothes off and burying himself inside me. I can only hold on to him and his
chants of ‘mine get louder and stronger as he pushes me over the crest again and again, until finally, as I’m on the verge of yet another orgasm, he growls it loudly and sinks his canines into my mating mark. My body’s response is instantaneous, my orgasm so strong, I see stars and feel the blackness closing in on me, pulling me under.
When I wake, I’m laying on his chest. He has one hand in my hair, rubbing my scalp, the other wrapped tightly around me. I can see from the window that it’s now dark out. I look up at him. “What time is it?”
“It's late. Are you okay?” I take a quick inventory. I feel great. “Yes, I feel wonderful.” I sit up on my elbow. “But what about you, Liam? How are you feeling?”
He leans up and kisses my nose. “I’m better. I’m sorry about that. I think maybe my emotions were in such turmoil that I knocked you out.”
I smirk up at him. “TKO by orgasm is my kind of defeat. But seriously, are you okay? Are we okay?”
He takes his hand, running it across my cheek. “We're perfect. As long as you’re with me, I can do and face anything.”
“Good, because I’m starving. Go face whoever you need to and get us something to eat while I shower.” His chest rumbling and body shaking with his laughter is music to my ears. “Yes, my little angel, let me feed you.”
As I go to get off the bed, he smacks my ass, hard enough to leave a handprint. I turn around and give him a soft growl. I watch as his eyes darken before I head to the shower. I take my time, knowing he'll be rushing to figure out food and getting back to me to finish what he started.
I'm not disappointed.
+15 BONOS
The next morning, we all meet at breakfast. Ailduin has a plan for the day and has several tests that he wants to complete. Most of them center around me and Cara, but some include Clint as well to judge which grigts are strengthening because of the reincarnation and which may just be gifts that she and I have developed over time or with her being the first ever Guardian born. 
###Chapter 264
We start with the auras. Ailduin is very interested in how this works and what it might mean. He starts with me, giving me instructions. Rik brings in some of his warriors to use as test subjects. One seems excited but the other looks worried.
“Okay Angel. Let’s try this with two. Can you put your aura around one and push your aura onto the other one?” I look at them, not wanting to hurt either one. I know Liam said I hurt the pack when I did it before.men didn’t do anything to me and I don’t want to cause them pain. I look at Liam, silently asking for help.
“Rik, do you have anyone in your cells?” He asks Rik, not taking his eyes off me. I flick my gaze to Rik who looks thoughtful for a moment.
“Yeah, I have two. One young man who took his parents‘ car for a joyride and crashed into a business and one that drank too much and decided to use his mate as a punching bag.”
“That one.” Liam tells him.
A few minutes later, I see a man bring pulled over to where we are. Rik walks over to him. “We decided to add to your punishment. We need a test dummy and since. you acted stupid, you've been selected.”
He turns to Angel as he steps away. “Whenever you're...”
I hear Alessia growl a moment before I hear the man yelp, his knees hitting the ground, his neck in full submission. Trevor, the warrior next to him just stands looking awestruck. “Whoa.”
“Excellent Angel. That's truly amazing. Trevor, you feel nothing?” Ailduin asks
Trevor.
“Nothing really, maybe a bit of warmth, not even heat, almost like a comfortable blanket wrapped around me.” “Okay, let's see what Cara can do.”
Alessia is seething in my mind, angry that this man abused his mate bond like he did. He begins whimpering as my aura pushes at him. I feel Liam’s arms go around me. “Let him go Alessia. This is a training sequence, not a punishment. He’s not part of our pack. Rik is responsible for doling out his punishment. Let him go.”
I take a deep breath and pull Alessia back, releasing the aura. The man drops to
?+15 BONOS
the ground, panting heavily.
I turn in Liam’s armis, letting him calm me. “Deep breaths Angel.” He runs his fingers through my hair until I calm down.
When I turn back, Cara is ready. “Okay Cara, same thing. Try to protect Trevor while pushing your aura over this one.” He points to the other man, not even bothering to learn his name.
I know when Cara pushes out her aura, that she’s not directing it. I can feel it, and when I feel Liam tense, I know he can feel it too. The man drops again, hist neck bared in submission. I see Trevor expose his neck but he fights to stay on his feet.
“Is that as strong as you can go Cara?” Ailduin asks her.
I feel the push as she puts more strength behind it and I hear Liam and Rik grunt, Trevor dropping to his knees. Her aura doesn’t impact me and it doesn’t appear to impact Clint.
“Nice Cara, but you don’t seem to be able to direct your aura. I feel it and based on the response of the others around you, it seems like they feel it as well. Is that an accurate statement?” Everyone nods.
“Now, you are Trevor’s Luna, so it is possible that his response to you is based more on that relationship, not your actual aura, so this time, I’d like to Angel try to push Trevor to his knees.” He turns and looks to Trevor. “What is your role in this pack.”
“Lead warrior.” Trevor replies getting to his feet.
Ailduin turns to Rik. “And that makes him fairly high up in your hierarchy?”
“He’s the lowest of the ranked wolves, which still puts him in the highest one percent of our pack.”
“Perfect. Angel, if you would, let’s see if you can bring both of them down.”
“We already know she can do that Ailduin. She had 20 of my wolves down at once, including my top warriors.” “Rik, how many warriors for this test?” Ailduin asks.
“Would fifty work?”
“Yes,”
all We us
Rik calls his warriors over and at first, Ailduin has Cara and I see if we can make all 50 drop. We can. Then he has me start directing my aura. He starts easy, with
+15 BONOS
half in and half out of my aura. Then he starts mixing it up, adding three here, two there, one off by themselves. Each time I’m able to push my aura. However, the longer I practice, the more tired I get. I don’t say anything, but I realize Liam must be able to feel my fatigue.
“That’s enough for today Ailduin. Angel is exhausting herself.” He comes to me, lifting me up bridal style.
“Let's break for lunch, and if Angel needs to rest, we can change the direction of our tests this afternoon.” Ailduin says. 
?+15 BONOS
###Chapter 265
I carry my sweet Angel into the dining room. I can tell she wants to put me down, but it’s a testament to how tired she is, that she doesn't fight me. I’m constantly amazed at how awesome my mate is. Her show of strength with her aura and the ways in which she can direct and redirect it are incredible. Even Cara can’t do what she’s doing. I used to think that Cara was the strongest she-wolf there is, but now I know, my little mate is..
When we get inside, I sit her in my lap and order two plates. I want to make sure that she eats. I’m hoping it will perk her up some and I won't have to put her to bed. I want her to be a part of whatever it is that Ailduin has in store for us. It’s good for her to see what she and her fellow Guardians are capable of.
I catch Ailduin watching Angel again. After reconnecting with my mate last night, I don’t feel jealous, but I really wish he’d stop. “I think the aura is like a muscle.” He looks at me as he says it. “I think practice will make her stronger and it won’t wear her out. “You know she’s here and can hear you, right?” My mate tells him and I smirk.
“My apologies Angel. I wasn’t sure if you were paying attention.”
After we finish eating, I can see my girl perking up. “You ready to continue, or do you need to lay down?”
‘Advanced healing, remember big guy?”
“I still want you sitting out at first. Just watch, okay?”
She doesn’t answer, just reaches up and kisses me.
When we head back outside, apparently it’s my turn.
“So, Liam, how about we start with you and see if you have the same immunities that Angel and Alessia have.” Ailduin says. “Such as?”
He pulls out a vial. “This is wolfsbane. You should be able to ingest this and feel mild or possibly no effects.”
I can’t help the growl that comes. “Wolfsbane? You want me to ingest wolfsbane? Planning to take me out?” I say, getting in his personal space. He may be taller than I am, but I know I’m stronger.
I feel Angel come up beside me. “What is this about, Ailduin?” She asks him. +15 BONOS
He turns and looks Angel. “You are immune to wolfsbane, correct?”
I watch as Angel thinks about it for a moment. “Yes.
I turn to her. “You're immune to wolfsbane?” I ask her.
“Yes, and mostly to silver as well, or at least a resistance to its effect.”
“I have an immunity to wolfsbane as well.” Cara states. “Dad thought he was building the immunity in me but it turns out I got it from mom.”
I look from Cara to Angel before turning to Ailduin and extending my hand. He drops the vial into my hand. I look at it for a moment, then pop the cork and
down it in one swallow. I'm ready for the burning fire, the weakness, but it doesn’t come.
I stand there, waiting, but it never comes. Rik, Anders and Clint are all staring at me. “Well?”
1 look at Angel and smile. “Nothing. Nothing at all.”
I pull her to me and kiss her fiercely. “Thank you Angel.”
She laughs. “I didn’t do anything.”
“You shared your gifts with me, intentionally or unintentionally, so yes, you did. I was happy with the gift of having you as my mate, but you just keep giving to me Angel.”
She smiles at me, then I see the twinkle in her eye. “Want to try the silver?”
I shake my head at her smiling, because yes, actually, I do. I want to know if I have a resistance to silver now too. I turn to Ailduin. “Do you have silver?”
He pulls some out of a bag at his feet, holding it out to me. “Give it a try.”
I make a fist, knowing this is going to hurt, but then, the wolfsbane should have too. I reach out and gingerly touch the silver. There is a zing, causing Cyran to growl in my head. ‘Stay with me buddy, let’s see if this works.”
I grab hold of the silver shackles, holding them in both hands. It’s uncomfortable, but it’s not burning my skin like it should be. ‘Cyran?*
‘lm here. I can feel it pulling on my strength. It's weakening me, but not incapacitating me.*
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 266
Chapter 0266 I look at everyone around me. “I can still talk to Cyran. He’s weaker, but he’s not gone.”
I drop the shackles and feel Cyran breathe a sign of relief. “And I also seem to have that amazing healing ability of my mate. Cyran is already back to normal.”
“Okay, Rik. You're next.’
Ailduin tests Rik in the same areas. His resistance to wolfsbane and silver are not as strong as mine. Ailduin feels it is because Cara received those gifts through genetics, rather than being gifted from the Moon Goddess like Angel's line has been.
However, when they start talking about mind linking, Rik and Cara are able to mind link each other from huge distances. I remember that when Cara was kidnapped by Eli Gunnar, she was able to mind link Clint from much longer distances than normal. Rik and Cara told Ailduin that they were able to mind link from those same distances.
After Rik, Ailduin tested Clint. His Guardian line had gifts of distance with mind linking and strength. Both of those things were still true, even if Clint was restricted to a wheelchair.
When he was done, he looked at Angel. “Are you ready to try more tests? Or would you rather wait until tomorrow?” “I'm good.” She says. “Can you mind link someone in your pack?”
Angel's eyes go unfocused as she reaches out with her mind link. When she refocuses, I already know the answer. I can hear the pack, but I can’t narrow down on one particular person.
“No.” “Cara, can you come here please.”
Cara walks over to us and Ailduin tells her what he wants her to do. He asks her to hold hands with Angel and focus her strength on her mind link. They do and once Cara is ready, Ailduin asks Angel to try her mind link again.
It takes a moment, then Angel gasps. She looks at me. “I can talk to Dustin.” We continue testing Cara’s ability to enhance mine and Rik’s abilities, but she can only enhance Angel's and Clint’s.
After a while, we call it a day, and head inside for a quiet dinner and bed.
The next morning, Ailduin has one more test he wants to run with Angel and Cara. But before he does, he asks me to take a walk with him.
I agree and we head over to the forest line, away from the packhouse.
“I wanted to explain my feelings toward your mate. In the past, there has been at lot of bad blood between the werewolf alphas and the fae, causing the rift that Alpha Anders and Alpha Rik are trying to bridge. I don’t want there to be any bad. feelings between you and I that will impact that bridge being built.”
I nod and he continues. “Imagine if the worst happened, and you lost Angel and Alessia.” I snarl, turning toward him. If he thinks this is going to build bridges, he has another thing coming.
He puts his hands up in a surrendering gesture. “Please, just bear with me and it will make sense.”
I look at him for another moment, and nod for him to continue.
“If you were to lose them, you know that their line will be reincarnated. That a small part of Alessia will live on. Whoever gets that Guardian spirit will not be Angel and it will not be Alessia. Neither you, nor they, will have the same feelings. that you have for Angel now. But you will feel protective of her. You will want to make sure that she is safe and cared for. That is how I feel about
Angel and Alessia. My feelings, while created because of my previous mate bond, are not the same feelings that I had for Jinelle and her wolf, Emlyn.”
He turns and looks at me. “Does that make sense? Does that help you feel more comfortable with my feelings toward your mate?”
“It does. Thank you for the explanation. You are absolutely correct. If I were to lose Angel, and if, by some miracle I survived her death, I would protect the person with her Guardian spirit with my life.”
“Yes, exactly. So, now you know. I would lay down my life for Angel, but not because my feelings for her are the same as yours.” He turns, heading back. “Now, let's go see what other interesting things your mate can do.”
+ 
###Chapter 267
Chapter 0267 When Liam and Ailduin came back from their walk, I was happy to see Liam smiling. “is everything okay?” I asked him.
He wraps his arms around me. “Perfect! Ailduin has another test for you, so let's go see what other strengths my little mate is hiding.”
I laugh as we head toward the others. Clint, Cara, Rik, Anders, Ailduin and Aolis are already there.
“I have one more test I’d like to try before Aolis and I head home and begin adding to your chronicles. What I'd like to do, is see if Angel can use her ability to direct her aura on Cara’s aura.”
Ailduin turns to Rik. “Can we get a couple of your warriors again?”
Rik calls over a few of his warriors, Trevor running over in his excitement to assist again. Apparently, he enjoys seeing how strong we, as Guardians, are compared to himself.
There were five warriors this time. “Okay, Angel, stand behind Cara and put your hands on her arms.”
I do as I he asks, but rather than putting my hands on her arms, Cara reaches. back and we hold hands. She squeezes them, then smiles at me over her shoulder.
“Now, Cara, I want you to slowly push your aura out. While she does that Angel, I want you to guide it, so that these two warriors,” he points to Trevor and another warrior, “are not protected and these three are protected.”
Trevor gives me a cocky grin. “Let's see what you’ve got Lunas!” His friend smacks him on the arm. “Shut up Trevor.”
I focus on Cara, reaching out and feeling her aura.
“Ready?” She asks me.
“Ready.”
She begins pushing her aura out and I fight it, forcing it to mold to my will. Her aura is strong, but mine is stronger. It takes a lot of effort and strength, but I’m. able to push her aura around the three that Ailduin said to protect.
Trevor is gritting his teeth, but he’s watching to see that the other three are not 1/3
+15 BONOS
impacted. “Damn.”
“Cara, are you using your full strength?”
“No, just a normal aura.”
“Angel, do you think you can hold it if she pushes harder?”
“Not sure.” I grit out. I’m struggling as it is.
“Cara, slowly start increasing the pressure of your aura.” Ailduin tells her.
And she does. I hold on as long as I can, and it’s obvious when I lose control as the other three warriors, getting hit hard with her aura, drop to their knees.
She releases her aura and I let go, breathing heavily. Liam is right there, holding on to me, lending me his strength.
“I know that you have a big battle coming. I would suggest that the Guardians all train together. Begin to engage your powers with each other. It’s possible that it was always meant to be this way, but the Alphas kept the Guardians separated until now. Or, it's possible that Cara is the key, the core that brings the powers of the Guardians together. Either way, I think that with practice, you will all be stronger and will make a powerful force against the vampires.”
After training, we all have lunch together, before we say our goodbyes. Ailduin and Aolis head back to Araphyra, their home, while Liam and I head back to Shadow Falls.
“Do you realize how amazing you are my sweet little mate?” Liam says to me, holding my hand in his lap and periodically bringing it to his lips for a kiss. “It's really Alessia that is amazing, I’m just the lucky human that gets her for a wolf.” I tell him.
“I don’t think that’s true. I think the human has to be worthy of the Guardian spirit just as much as the wolf. And by that reasoning, you are amazing. And we already know that Alessia is amazing.”
The rest of the drive goes easily, listening to the playlist that Liam made for me, which I’m loving more and more.
When we get back to the packhouse, Liam turns to me. “I need to check in with Dustin and Jackson. Are you good on your own?” I laugh. “Liam, what kind of Luna would I be if I weren’t good walking around our pack without you?”
He kisses me on the top of my head and jogs off to find Dustin. I turn to the
23
+15 BONOS
kitchens, eager to see what Olivia has done in my absence. I’m amazed at the progress she’s made in the couple of days that I've been gone. Everything in the kitchen is organized and she has it set up so that all ingredients are together in order of the meals that they will be used in.. 
###Chapter 268
Chapter 0268 “Olivia, all of this looks great. Is there anything you need from me?” I ask looking around. “Everything looks in order.” “Luna, can I have a moment in private?”
“Of course.” I find a place for us to speak privately and Olivia tells me her concerns about the young children working in the kitchen and cleaning the packhouse. I ask her to give me a list and the hours, who their parents are, etc. She let's me know that she will have it for me tomorrow.
When we're done, I start to head to the bunker to see the status of the cleaning and stocking. On my way, I’m stopped by another pack member, and this sets up the rest of my afternoon. One after another, the pack members come up to me, asking to speak with me about issues that they are having or concerns within the pack.
I'm finishing another conversation when Liam finds me. “Angel, is everything okay?” He asks, looking at the she—wolf that I’m talking to.
“Yes, except, I need an office, or someplace where I can meet with pack members so I’m not trying to find a private place to talk all the time. Is that possible?”
We say goodbye to the pack member I was walking to and he guides me to the dining room, to a table with Sarah, Dustin and Jackson. I say hello to everyone as Liam goes to get food for us. I sit down, putting my head in my hands.
“Angel, what's wrong?” Sarah asks me.
I blow some hair out of my face. “Everyone wants to talk to me and I don’t really have a good place to talk to them and I couldn't even talk to everyone today that wanted to talk to me. I need to figure out how and where to meet with the pack members that want to talk to me. And now I need to follow up on the things that I talked about today and I’m not even sure where to begin to make sure t not missing anything or assisting someone that asked for my help.”
that I'm Liam comes back, leaning down and kissing the top of my head. “I'll help you baby, you don’t have to do this on your own.”
“But Liam, and please don’t take this the wrong way, some folks wanted to talk to me because it was about things they didn’t feel comfortable talking to you about. I just need to figure out how to make this work.”
“I can help.” Sarah says. + 15 BONOS “What do you mean?” I ask her.
“Well,” she looks at Liam, “I was hired as a secretary for Liam. I know he hasn’t had a chance to get me set up here to work, but a secretary is a secretary. I can set up a schedule for you and make follow up appointments or I can follow up on things that you just need responses on. I’m good at it and it would give me something to do.”
She turns to look at Dustin. “Dustin, maybe Angel can use your office? Maybe you and Liam can work together in his office?” “Actually,” Liam interrupts her, “there is a Luna office, but it needs to be cleaned out.”
“We can do that!” Sarah looks at me. “And I'll find some kind of desk to set up outside your office to schedule your appointments.” She says excitedly.
From the corner of my eye, I see Dustin smiling at Liam. It’s the job of the Beta female to support the Luna, just as it is the job of the Beta male to support the Alpha. Sarah wanting to help me on her own, means she’s inadvertently taking her place as the Beta female and Dustin’s mate.
“Alpha, doesn’t the Luna’s office already have a space for an assistant?” Dustin says. I can tell he’s barely able to contain his excitement.
“It does. I think we can find some pack members to help you clean it up.” “Oh! Luna, how about we ask those girls, Amelia and Charlotte. They adore you and those women that helped us clean the bunker, Amy and Chloe. They were a lot of fun and I bet they would enjoy helping out. I can reach out first thing in the morning and get it set up and help them while you are meeting with the pack members.”
“Sarah, that sounds amazing. But you have to call me Angel. We're friends and we’re about to be spending a lot of time together!”
I finish dinner feeling a hundred percent better than I did when I sat down. Maybe I can figure this Luna thing out.
15 
###Chapter 269
I'm not sure if I should be excited or offended that some of my pack members would rather talk to Angel than me. In truth, I've never really seen a pack run with a Luna, except from afar, like with Rik and Cara’s pack. Before now, everything had to come through me. On one hand, it’s a relief, but on the other hand, I never realized that some of my pack members weren't comfortable talking to me. I guess it does make sense that some things are meant to be discussed with the pack’s Luna. While it's a transition for me, I’m thrilled that the pack is already comfortable enough with Angel to seek her advice and assistance.
I'm kicking myself for not thinking about the Luna’s office. It's been so long, that I hadn’t considered that she might need her own office. Dustin is giddy in his excitement that Sarah wants to help. It’s exactly what her role will be if she accepts Dustin as her mate.
He’s told me he’s talked to her about it and she’s thinking about it. Being human, it’s a lot to take in and she has to come to terms with how the mate bond works. Werewolves don’t have to go through the long process of falling in love like humans. When we meet our mate, it’s immediate, the pull so strong that it’s nearly impossible to resist. Not that there aren't werewolves out there that don’t treasure the mate bond, thinking they are above it, but the Moon Goddess pairs. you with the person that completes your soul. Who am I, or anyone else, to argue against that? And based on my mate, I'd say the Moon Goddess knows exactly what she’s doing. Angel is perfect for me.
The next day, I check in with Angel and Sarah to make sure they are set and then I have Dustin join me in my office so Angel can use his. We continue to make plans. for the war, and I go over the updates that Anders made to our borders. We also talk about the training that will need to take place with the Guardians and the
warriors.
As we work, I can tell there is something on Dustin’s mind. When he doesn’t come out and ask, I finally bring it up. “What's on your mind, Dustin?”
He hesitates before responding. “I haven’t been able to get Sarah to agree to seeing the doctor. It won’t change my mind about having her as my mate, but I would like to know if pups are in my future.”
“Have you suggested that she talk with Angel? Maybe even have Angel go with her? If not, maybe you could talk to Angel. They have a bond forged from their mutual traum
and support of each other, so I’d guess that it’s as strong as the OHS BONOS bond between you and I, maybe more so.”
“I'll suggest that she speak to Angel. I think she’s worried not only about my desire to have pups, but also about having sex in general. She was a teenager when they caught her, a virgin, so her only sexual experience was with that monster. I know that must terrify her, but I don’t care about that part of our relationship.”
I raise an eyebrow at him.
“Okay, yes, I do care about that part of our relationship. But, I’m willing to give her whatever amount of time she needs to be okay with being together. I just want her to accept me as her mate. I want to know that she wants to be with me, that even if we can’t complete the mating process, that I can at least mark her. I want everyone to know she’s mine.”
“And have you told her that?” “Yes, but it’s different. She doesn’t fully understand, being human. I do think you were right about her feeling the mate bond. She
doesn't care if it’s me or Leon that stays the night with her now, just as long as one of us is there. She sleeps better when she’s curled up with me and I sleep better when she’s by my side.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 270
Chapter 0270 I can’t help but smirk, remembering my mornings with Angel when she first arrived. “And how’s that working out for your balls?” He gives me a knowing look. “Fucking sucks! I’ve never taken so many cold showers in my life.”
“Yeah, I remember. And I didn’t have to wait terribly long. Angel, at least, felt the mate bond once Alessia was strong enough. You won't have that with Sarah.”
I look at him for a moment, weighing my words. “Are you sure you want to put yourself through this? And before you snarl at me for asking, yes, I absolutely believe that the mate bond is worth it and will overcome everything that she has gone through and the differences in her being human and you being a werewolf. But you have to know that you are potentially taking on years of not completing the mate bond. While she may be here, it won’t be complete and Leon will struggle with not marking her.”
“He already does, but he also knows that if he pushes her too hard, we may lose her, so he lets me rein him in when he gets too close. It also helps that she is agreeable to letting us sleep in her bed at night. At least then we feel closer to her.”
“Talk to her, see if you can get her to talk to Angel. She’s her Luna now too, and they are friends.”
After getting through the never-ending piles of work, we are ready for training. ” What are you doing with Sarah while you train?” lask him.
“Actually, I was going to ask if you mind if I bring her from now on. I'd like for her to learn how to wield a weapon. I think it will make her feel more confident when we are attacked. It would also be good for our Beta female to have some knowledge of battle tactics.’
13 “Sure, go ahead and bring her.” I say, before heading out to find my mate.
I find her door blocked by Sarah. “Alpha, our Luna is busy at the moment. Is it important or can it wait?” She looks at her watch. “Their meeting will be done in about five minutes. I am aware that she has warrior training and have scheduled her appointments around that.”
“I'll wait. And apparently, she’s not the only one with warrior training today.” I tell her as Dustin comes up behind me. He passes me and walks over to Sarah. I can tell by the way she looks at him that +15 BONOS
she feels something for him. It may not be what we feel with the mate bond, but I’m sure it’s hard to resist. Dustin would do or be anything for Sarah, and he’d have no problems telling her and showing her that.
“What's going on Dustin?” She asks him as he pulls her to his chest, kissing the top of her head.
“I want you to feel confident in your ability to protect yourself when I’m not around. So, I talked to Liam and he agreed that you could begin training with us, except with weapons rather than hand to hand combat.”
Her eyes light up. “Really?”
I understand the smile on his face all too well. It’s the smile of a man who just made his mate happy. I love the feeling I get when Angel smiles at me like I made her day. It makes me feel like the king of the world, and that’s the look Dustin has right now.
“Really. You ready to go?”
“Oh.” She looks down at herself.
“Go put on comfortable clothes and then Leon will give you a ride.” He says. before hugging her and letting her go. “Thank you! Thank you both.” She says looking between us.
“No need to thank me. I’m all for my pack members being able to defend themselves and others in the pack.” I tell her before she rushes off.
I turn to Dustin as the door to his office opens. “Oh, Alpha. Beta.” It’s Olivia, the woman that Dustin got to cover for the kitchens after everything went south with Henry and she has a big smile on her face.
###Chapter 271
Chapter 0271 Olivia turns to Angel. “Do we need to get Alpha’s permission?”
Angel looks at me. “I don’t think so.” She answers Olivia. “I assigned Olivia as Lead Omega for the kitchens and I’m going to hire a second Lead for the
packhouse upkeep.”
I can tell Angel wants me to support her and honestly, I’m thrilled that I don’t have to deal with any of this. I’m more than happy to support her in any way she needs. “Sounds great. Olivia, you’ve obviously shown your Luna that you are more than capable of managing the kitchens. Congratulations!” I tell her.
“Yes, congratulations.” Dustin says beside me.
“Thank you.” She says before moving past us.
I look at Angel. “Ready for warrior training?”
“Yes, but can we stop by the Luna office on our way? I want to see if it’s ready and I can give Dustin his office back tomorrow.” “You're welcome to my office as long as you need it Luna.” Dustin tells her as Sarah joins us.
Angel gives her a quizzical look. “Sarah is going to join us for warrior training from now on. She’s going to learn how to use weapons.” I tell her, putting my arm around her and moving our group to the stairs.
She turns and looks at Sarah over her shoulder. “That's wonderful! I know you'll be great.”
We split up the warrior training today, having Clint, Cara and Angel work together while Rik and I work with the warriors. We're faster than the other warriors and it forces them to think differently about how they fight. Jackson and Chase move through the crowd, giving feedback and instructions, while Dustin begins training Sarah on how to throw a knife.
Evan and Trevor, our lead warriors, come last. They are both bouncing on their feet. They love the fight and they are good at it, which is why Rik and I made them. our lead warriors. At first we fight our own warriors, then we switch it up, giving them more of a challenge.
When we're done, we see that Dustin has already got Sarah hitting targets on a tree.
“Dustin.” I call him over. “Let's have her hit a real target.
12
Angel is at my side in an instance. “Liam?”
I turn to my mate. “She needs to know what it’s like to hit a real target, not just a tree. If she can’t throw a knife when it’s aimed at a person, then she won't be able to protect herself or the pack.”
I can see the hesitancy in her eyes, so I cup her face in my hands. “You gave me your amazing healing power, remember? I'll be fine.”
“Dustin, bring Sarah over. We'll start slow.” I strip and shift waiting for Sarah to join us.
“What's going on?” Sarah says.
Dustin looks at her. “Alpha wants you to hit a real target, or at least aim to hit him.”
She’s shaking her head before he’s finished. “No, I don’t want to hurt him. You've all been nothing but nice to me. I don’t want to throw a knife at him.”
Dustin takes her hands. “You won't be throwing knives at trees, love. You have to learn how to aim and hit a real target. Liam and Cyran were very strong before they mated with Angel. Now they have incredible strength. Plus, Cyran is fast. If you actually nick him, I'll be surprised.”
Several warriors circle around. This is not uncommon, but it will feel intimidating to Sarah. However, this is what it feels like in real combat. You are surrounded by others, making noise. They may not be cheering you on, but you
need to be able to block it out and focus on your target.
Dustin helps her set up and as I lunge for her, she throws the knife. 
###Chapter 272
I am amazed with Sarah. She is so organized and she has everything under control in less than 30 minutes in the morning. She has my soon-to-be office getting cleaned, she has Dustin’s office set up for me and she has an area outside his office set up with a calendar to schedule appointments. I tell her to order herself a computer and both of us phones. I know that was something else that Liam had on his plate and we're going to wipe it off today. This woman is amazing!
All day I meet with pack members. Most are just happy to have someone that they can trust to talk to. But there are some that need assistance. I get the impression that the word is spreading that I’m available to meet with pack members, as my schedule for today is booked and based on what Sarah tells me at lunch, the rest. of the week is getting stacked up very quickly.
She and I decide that we will have working lunches every day. It’s a great way for us to connect, for me to let her know what needs to be followed up on and for her to let me know what my schedule looks like.
“Can I ask you something Angel?” “You can always ask me anything Sarah.” She wrings her hands for a moment. “Dustin explained to me what the mate bond means. Is it really that strong?” She asks.
“Yes. I don’t know how to explain it. Even if I was trying to explain it to a werewolf that hadn’t found their mate, I’m not sure I could. I didn’t truly understand it, until I felt it. Your mate is everything. Everything that you've been missing in life, everything that you want, everything that you have ever dreamed of, everything you didn’t know you needed.”
She nods, looking down at her hands again. “What about....what about having kids?”
I reach over and put my hand over hers. “Every person is different, but I can tell you, for some, having their mate is more important than anything else. And from what I've seen, Dustin wants you. He may want pups, but he’s willing to take the risk of not having them to have you, his fated mate.”
She sits thinking for another moment. “Will you go with me to see the doctor this week? I don’t want him to know, until I know what she says.”
I pull her in for a hug. “I will always be there, any time you need me.” +15 BONOS
Olivia is my last appointment before warrior training. I had decided that I wanted her as my Lead Omega in the kitchen, but I also felt that the job was too big to have someone managing both the packhouse and the kitchens. So I’ve decided to create a new position. When I offer the Lead Omega position to Olivia, she begins to cry. She feels this is a great honor, but in truth, I’ve been utterly impressed with her ability to organize and get the kitchens in order in a very short amount of time. I’ve already heard the pack members talking about how great the food is and that they love the new variety.
She and I talk about the children working in both the kitchens and the packhouse and while the idea of “chores” for pups is welcome, having them working rather than being in school is not acceptable. I make a note to implement limits to the hours that pups of school age can work without prior approval from me or Liam. We also talk about the Lead Omega position for the packhouse. Olivia suggested Samantha, the woman that just took Amelia and Charlotte into her home. I make a note to tell Sarah that I need to meet with Samantha. Seriously, this whole having a secretary thing is the best!
As we walk out of the office, we run into Liam and Dustin. I was concerned that he might overrule me about Olivia. But I am pleasantly surprised that he trusts my judgement and lets me make the decision.
I'm also happy to hear that Sarah will start learning how to use weapons. It’s good for her to learn and feel capable of protecting herself.
at to
When we the training grounds, I start working with Clint and Cara. We fall into a method of letting Clint guide us through the training. It’s his forte. He’s trained both Cara and I, so we let him set the standards. 
###Chapter 273
It's tiring work, trying to boost each other's gifts, but it's working and we’re getting better at it by the end of our training time. It’s about that time that I hear Liam talking to Dustin about Sarah having a real target. I know immediately that Liam plans to use himself as her real-life target.
He feels confident in his ability to heal but I’m not feeling great about him getting stabbed. I watch as Dustin gets Sarah ready in an attack stance and then as Cyran lunges at her. Sarah’s response is instantaneous. It’s a reflex response, she throws the knife at Cyran. I can see the trajectory of the knife and there is no way he can move fast enough to not get hit. It’s my instinct, I can’t stop it. Alessia pushes me to jump in front of Cyran and grab the knife.
It's a bit like a movie. I grab the knife between my hands, just before it sinks into my chest. I stand there for a moment, shocked that it actually worked. Then Liam has shifted and is yelling at me.
“Angel!” He grabs the knife out of my hands. “I thought we agreed that you would never put yourself in between me and danger again.” He tosses the knife on the ground and grabs me by the shoulders, shaking me.
“It’s not something I can control Liam. I hadn’t planned on it, it just happened. Alessia saw you in danger and jumped in.”
He wraps his arms around me, holding me tight. “We need to rethink how we are going to fight against these vampires. I can’t constantly worry that you are going to jump in front of me.” He pushes back from me, looking at me. “We need to plan to be side by side the entire battle. That way we can both keep our promises. I can’t lose you.”
Rik and Cara come over to us. “I have to say, I agree with Angel. It’s not something that we can control. If it had been Rik, I would have jumped in. We need to reconsider how the five of us will be fighting.” She spreads her arm to include Clint. “We need to plan to be close together during the battle. If we, as Guardians, need to be close to boost each other’s gifts, then you, our mates, have to be close to us as well. Otherwise, we will break our ranks with each other to come protect you.”
Rik and Liam look at each other. “Okay. Let’s restructure our battle plan. We had already planned to have our Betas lead groups and Dad can lead his own group as well.”
“Agreed. That means that the five of us will be on the front lines.” Rik pulls Cara into his side. “You stay by my side at all times little Guardian.” He tells her. +15 BONOS
The reality of the pending battle is weighing heavy on me. There is no way that there won't be casualties. What if it’s someone that I have developed a close, personal relationship with? These people are like family, how can I possibly lose any of them?
I look around, seeing my Guardian family, Rik and his family and pack, Dustin, Sarah, Jackson and our warriors. Who among this group won't survive? How many will have to die for us to win? What if we don’t win? What happens if Cara, Clint and I are captured and held captive. Cara and I may not survive the death of our mates, but what about Clint.
And then there’s Sarah. I don’t know that she can survive the terror again. She’s just getting back to a semblance of normal, feeling somewhat safe.
As my mind starts to spiral out of control, I feel Liam’s strong arms wrap around me. “Calm down. I know it’s tough to think about, but you can’t let it get into your head. It can easily overwhelm you and shut you down. It’s war. It’s ugly and it’s messy and awful, but we will prevail. Those disgusting leeches won’t overtake us.”
Unas
I wrap my arms around Liam, holding if my life depends on it and, really, it does. When the time comes, it will be him and me. We will live or die, together.
+ 
###Chapter 274
Over the next few days, Angel inserts herself as Luna of our pack. Her office gets set up, she and Sarah develop a routine and it seems to run like a well-oiled machine. You'd think that they had been friends, planning to be Luna and Beta for years.
While the pack is feeling the tension of the upcoming war, the overall feeling coming from the entire pack is one of peace. I've done the best I could, trying to be everything this pack needed, but at the end of the day, a strong Alpha isn’t enough. A pack can’t flourish without a heart, and that’s what Angel has given to this pack.
I know Angel is worried that we won’t survive this war. But I don’t know how the Moon Goddess could have finally brought us together, given me everything that I've ever wanted in life, everything that this pack has needed for years, only to take it away. It just seems too cruel.
Warrior training continues to go well. We begin running drills for the non- warriors to get to the bunkers and safe rooms. We assign leads to ensure that everyone assigned to the room arrives before the doors are locked. They are also responsible for ensuring that there is enough food and supplies based on any requests received by those assigned to the room.
Rik and I have scouts out, watching to see when vampires are close. So far, we haven't heard anything. In the interim, the Guardians are getting stronger together. Watching them during training, it feels like Cara is the tie that binds the Guardians together. While Angel and Clint are stronger together, she connects the two in a way that they can’t without her. The connection to her, as their daughter, seems to seal the bond.
“Alpha.” I get a mind link from my border patrol.
“Yes.”
“There’s someone at the border that wants to speak to you.”
“Who is it?”
“He says his name is Eli Gunnar.”
What the fuck is Eli dding back here? I put him on a bus over a week ago. “I'll be there in a few minutes. Keep him there.” “Dustin.” I mind link him.
+15 BONOS
“Alpha?”
“Meet me at the back door. Something is going on.”
We arrive at the border and I see Eli pacing. As soon as he sees me, he takes a step in my direction. My warriors immediately step in his way, but I lift my hands up, stopping them.
“Eli, I didn’t expect to see you again.”
“They're coming Liam. The vampires. I wasn’t fast enough to save your mother, but I’m here to make sure you are warned.” “How long do we have?”
“A day, two at the most.”
“Thank you Eli. Do you need a place to stay?”
“No, thank you, Alpha. I have to get back. I found my mate.”
“Congratulations. Be careful, steer clear of the vampires on your way north.”
He nods, turns, shifts and runs off.
I look at Dustin. “Get the warriors set. We need to implement increased patrols starting immediately.”
I pull out my phone and call Rik. I let him know what Eli told me and he will also be increasing his border patrols.
When I get back to the packhouse, I go straight to Angel’s office. Sarah is outside. her office and tries to stop me. I put my hand up, letting her know it’s important. I walk into the office without knocking.
“Liam.” It only takes her a moment to see that something is wrong. “What is it?” I see it’s Samantha that is with her today. “I need to speak with you privately, it's important.”
Samantha excuses herself and I pull Angel into me. “Liam?”
“Eli Gunnar was just here. He said the vampires are coming. We have a day
maybe two.” I needed to feel her against me, to know that she was safe, even if I knew it wouldn’t last. “Do we know how many there are?”
15 
###Chapter 275
“Not yet. Our scouts haven’t let us know that they’ve seen them coming yet, but based on Eli’s report, it should come at any time.”
I hold her for another moment. “I need you to make sure that the bunker and safe rooms are ready tonight. I will be announcing to the pack that the vampire attack is imminent and that all those pack members that will be going in, need to be prepared at all times from now on.”
“I'll take care of it, Liam.” She hugs me tighter. “I love you.” “I love you.”
Angel and I work late into the night, finally falling into bed exhausted. It’s early the next morning when I’m woken by another mind link.
“Alpha! I need you at the border of the Canyon Ridge Pack.” “On my way. Contact Beta Dustin and have him join me.”
I hop out of bed and begin pulling sweatpants on, knowing I'll be pulling them off again in a moment to shift. Angel hops out of bed. “What is it?”
“Something is going on at the border, I have to go.
“I'm coming with you.”
“Angel...”
“You and me Liam. We've agreed to stay together during this fight. I'm coming.” I nod, not wanting to waste time arguing.
We head out, both stripping and shifting as soon as we're outside. We run to the border I smell a scent that I’ve never smelled before. It smells like the air after the first snow of the season and ice, like a glacier. “Fae.” Angel mind links me.
We arrive at the same time that Rik arrives, and I see them. There must be 500 fae warriors standing in formation. They have spears, taller than they are, the color of silvery white. I guess height is something all fae have. I thought it was just Ailduin, but every one of these warriors, and I honestly can’t tell if they are all men or if some are women, are seven feet tall or taller. They look like something out of Lord of the Rings.
I shift and stand in front of Angel. I know nudity is common among shifters, but she’s mine and I don’t want others looking at her. When she’s dressed, she tosses my sweats to me.
+15 BONOS “I'm Alpha Liam, this is Alpha Rik. What’s going on?”
The leader steps lorward. “King Ailduin sends his regards and in order to show his commitment to the alliance with the werewolves, he has sent 550 warriors to fight for the Guardians against the vampires.”
I look at Rik, shocked. The look on his face tells me he’s just as surprised as I am.
“Your presence is most welcome. Thank you and even without your assistance, our alliance would be strong.” Rik tells them. I look at Rik. “Erm, I’m sure we can find places for you to stay...” I begin.
“No need. King Ailduin provided us with what we need. We understand there is a canyon where the battle is planned.” “Correct.”
“We'll set up camp there, unless you have any concerns with us being in position when the vampires arrive.”
“None whatsoever.” Riks says, looking at me. I shake my head. I don’t have any concerns either.
“Thank you. We appreciate your support.” Angel steps up, reaching her hand toward the Elf, with her palm facing forward, her fingers pointed to the sky.
The Elf leader extends his hand in the same way, stopping just shy of touching Angel’s. “King Ailduin sends his regards, Guardian.”
She nods before turning back to me. “I need to get back Liam.” She looks between Rik and me. “Are we good here?”
“We're good.” Both of us say.
Rik and I work with the fae to ensure that they are set up and don’t need anything.
I'm about to head back to my packhouse when the next mind link comes through. “Alpha! They’re coming! There are thousands of them.”
Cooper Author
###Chapter 276
When I get back to the packhouse, I call the leaders of each safe room. “Are we ready? Is there anything at all that is still needed? War is imminent.”
After making sure that we are set, the leaders of each room and I begin going around to make sure that all pack members know that the rooms are open. Anyone that may need some extra time to get to their safe room or bunker can head over now and get themselves set up.
We have one she-wolf that is on the verge of delivering her pup. I have assigned a doctor to the safe room where she will be. We have also made sure that other pack members that may need medical assistance during the war are in this same
room. any
I'm just finishing up and getting the older, slower pack members settled in the safe rooms when I get the mind link from Liam. “Angel, where are you?”
“I'm finishing getting the elderly and pregnant into the safe rooms.”
“They are coming. They will be here at dark tonight. I'm headed back. Start getting ready. I’m about to send out the pack link to let everyone know to be prepared.”
Amoment later, Liam sends out the pack link, letting the entire pack know to begin preparations for the battle, war is here.
I go upstairs to change into clothes durable enough for fighting. On my way back downstairs, I go to Sarah’s room and realizing she’s not there, I lift my nose in the air and sniff her out. I don’t have to go far, she’s in Dustin’s room. I knock and it only takes her a moment to open the door.
“It's time.” I tell her. “Grab your bag and I'll make sure you get settled.” Her eyes go wide. “Let’s go, we don’t have time to wait.” I tell her.
She nods, grabs her bag and begins to follow me.
“Luna!” Dustin’s panicked voice links me.
“I've got her Dustin. I’m getting her into the bunker.
“Make sure she has her knives. It'll make her feel safer.”
I turn to Sarah. “Dustin wants to know if you have your knives.”
She smiles. “I have them.”
+15 BONOS
I relay that to Dustin and when we get to the bunker, I set Sarah up at the front with a clipboard with the names of all of the individuals due to enter. “We have a few hours, but we need to make sure everyone is inside before the doors are closed and locked.”
“I got this. Go!” She says.
Pack members were pouring into the packhouse. Pups were clinging to their mothers or grandparents as they began finding their way to their assigned safe rooms. I assist where I am needed and try to help calm pack members who are scared or crying.
I watch as loved ones kiss, holding each other in case it is the last time they will see each other. As I turn to head outside and begin making my way toward the canyon, I see Dustin run in. He runs straight up to Sarah. I watch as she jumps into his arms holding him tightly. I’m thankful he came to see her. We don’t know which of us will return, but I do know that not every one will.
I take a moment to look around, wishing things were different, but knowing that this battle must happen. Liam is right, these vampires will keep coming and now it’s not just about me, Cara and Clint. We have Sarah to think about too, and any other human mates that may be out there. My role as Luna is to stand beside Liam and protect this pack, every member of the pack. Our alliance means we also stand together to protect Rik and Cara’s pack. Even if we didn’t have the alliance with them, Alessia’s relationship with Artemis would mean that I would always fight for her and by association, Rik and their pack.
I watch as Dustin kisses Sarah passionately enough to leave her breathless before. jogging over to me. “Ready Luna?”
I nod. “Let’s go.”
As we run toward the canyon, I see some warriors running off in other directions. “Where are they going?” I ask Dustin.
“Liam set up some warriors to reinforce our weak spots and make sure no one. gets to the bunkers and safe houses.”
It makes sense. Liam would want to make sure that if they send any vampires to try to take hostages, that they wouldn't be successful. As we come up to the place where the other warriors are, Dustin grabs my arm, stopping me.
GET 
###Chapter 277
“She said I could mark her after this is over. Sarah, she told me to come back to her so she could accept me as her mate.” I watch as he swallows the lump in his throat.
I reach out and grasp his arm, waiting until he looks at me. “Then I suggest that you listen to your mate and do exactly what she says.”
He gives me a half smile before we turn and make our way to our places. Dustin is leading a group that will come in from one side, while I will be up front with Liam, Cara, Rik and Clint.
I jog up to Liam. He opens his arms and I rush into them, wrapping my arms tightly around him.
“Little Angel, all you need to worry about today is staying alive. You do that and so will I and we can figure everything else out.” I nod my head against his chest.
He pulls back, taking my head in his hands, looking at me intently. “You and me, Angel. Promise me you will fight beside me today, not in front of me. Promise me.”
‘Alessia, can we promise that?’ ‘If his life is not on the line, then yes. Otherwise, we won't be able to stop protecting him.
I look at Liam. “Make sure you're never at risk of dying, and yes, I can promise that. But if your life is at risk, more than just the fight, Alessia and I won't have a choice but to step in.
“Understood. And the same, Angel. I will trust you to protect yourself, but if it looks like you are losing the fight, I will jump in.”
I smile softly up at the love of my life. Never in a million years would I have known that my life would be so different in such a short amount of time. This man is my everything. “You and me, Liam.”
We're all here, milling around, waiting for the vampires to show up. We're set in our line up front. Cara is in between Clint and me. Liam is on the other side of me, Rik is beside Clint. We are the front line. Cara, Clint and I will use our joint power to try to take out the first wave of vampires. We know that there are too many for us to take them all out, but if we can hit a large wave, it will help the other wolves. see the next wave coming.
1/2 +15 BONOS
Ailduin’s warriors are lined up on either side our central line of warriors, led by Anders. Chase and Dustin have the groups that will hit from the sides.
I catch the scent, my nose going up in the air at the same time as Cara’s and Clint’s and a moment before Liam's and Rik’s.
It's only a moment longer before the first line of vampires comes through the tree line across the canyon. Front and center are Prince Keenan and Sebastian. On Keenen’s other side, there is another vampire that also looks like vampire royalty, based on his chosen attire.
Keenan’s nose goes up in the air, taking a deep breath. “Custos Regni.” His disgusting purr sends a shiver of memory down my spine. “Do you understand now, Dimitri?” He asks his companion.
I watch as Dimitris fangs come out and his eyes turn red. Wolves all around us begin growling low and dangerous. While Alessia is growling in my head, I stay quiet. I'm watching. I know how the vampires work. This may not be the feeding room, but vampires love to play with their food or their kills. This will be no different..
As the two royals sniff the air, distracting most of the werewolves with their show, two groups of vampires rush out to attack Ailduin’s warriors. I step forward and throw my hands out, my aura pushing out hard and fast. Cara grabs my hand, her other holds Clint’s and I feel their power connect with mine. When my aura hits the vampires, it’s like they have run into the sun. Every one of them. turns to dust.
Acheer goes up on either side of me, but Keenan’s sneer is focused solely on me.
“I'm not the same little girl you fed on for years Keenan.” I say his name contemptuously. “You'll find I’m not so easy to capture this time.” “Then it will be even sweeter when I have you in my possession again.”
Cooper
Author
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 278
I snarl at Keenan’s comment to Angel. I wasn’t sure which one was him, but I knew it had to be one of the two pompous looking leeches.
And now I focus my attention on him. He’s mine. For everything he did to Angel, I will kill him.
Angel and the power of the Guardians, give them pause, but only for a moment. They must give a signal that I miss, because suddenly, hundreds of vampires are heading our way. Angel, Cara and Clint push out their aura, Angel making sure it’s directed in front of our line of werewolves and fae.
Asecond wave starts almost immediately after the first. The first group runs right into the Guardian aura and are instantly turned to dust. The impact is taking its toll on them because the second wave starts getting through and another wave is right behind them.
I see several vampires heading toward Angel and Cara and I jump into the fight. Cyran bursts through at the same time Kai, Rik’s wolf, does. We begin tearing through the vampires. Remembering what they said about Clint, I toss a vampire in his direction, watching from the corner of my eye as he catches the leech mid- air and rips his head off. This is an effective strategy as the vampires are having a harder time reaching Clint because of his wheelchair, modified for battle.
The vampires are fast. I can hear wolves being injured and I feel every time one of my wolves is killed.
I was initially worried about Angel, but she’s fierce on the battlefield. All of her Guardian’s knowledge is coming out and it shows. The vampires that try to get to her are taken down quickly. She is staying close to Cara, helping to ensure that she and her baby aren't injured. Clint is also staying close, although being in the wheelchair, it’s harder for him.
Rik and I have moved more toward the front, not exactly blocking access to Angel and Cara, but close to it. There are enough vampires that we're still fighting several each. Cyran’s fur is covered in blood. I’m not sure how much is theirs and how much is mine. I have felt every injury to my body, but thanks to Angel’s advanced healing power, I am healing fast.
At one point, a vampire must be about to grab me. Angel shifts mid-air and Alessia takes out the vampire before I even realize it's there.
I'm not sure if it is intentional or if it’s just how the battle transpires, but the Guardians begin to separate. Rik stays close to Cara and I stay close to Angel.
1/2 +15 BONOS
Fighting together, side by side with Angel, is very effective. One after another, Cyran is ripping through the vampires, blood and guts spraying everywhere. He’s a fighting machine and Angel and Alessia are just as lethal.
We are able to assist Ailduin’s warriors who are also feeling the effects of the battle. Several of his warriors lay dead on the battlefield. Periodically, I notice that there are wolves dead on the ground as well.
The only good thing is that it feels like we're in an incinerator. There is so much ash in the air that it’s obvious that while there are casualties on our side, there are more vampires being killed.
We've been fighting for hours, when suddenly, prince Keenan and the other asshole leech are there. It’s obvious why they are considered royalty. They are stronger and smarter fighters than the other vampires I’ve been killing. Keenan is clearly after Angel. I still have several vampires attacking me at once and so does she.
I can’t focus on the other leech, he’s gone after Cara. I have to trust that Rik will protect his mate, I need to focus on mine. There is no way that this asshole is getting my girl. Cyran latches on to the throat of a vampire, just as I feel another one grab us around our rib cage, squeezing painfully. I rip the throat out of the one that Cyran has his teeth in, turning our head trying to get to the one that is wrapped around my ribs.
###Chapter 279
I feel a couple ribs crack and Cyran’s howl of pain is loud. Alessia immediately turns and sees our situation. She begins tearing through the vampires that are fighting her but just as she is about to get to me, Keenan grabs her. He picks her up, one arm around her rib cage and the other around her throat. He looks at me, giving me an evil smirk, before sinking his fangs into Alessia’s neck.
She snarls and begins shifting. I’m not sure why she’s shifting already, but if she is, I am going to as well. As it is, Cyran is stuck. The shift back is painful given the broken ribs, but as soon as I do, I realize why Angel did it. I’m more agile against them in my human form. I twist in the vampire’s arms and slice my claws across his face and neck. I know he’s not dead yet, but I need to help Angel.
I turn and see that Keenan no longer has his teeth in her neck. Even though she’s got blood dripping down her chest, the spot where he bit her is healed over already. Keenan's nose looks broken. I’m guessing Angel punched him or maybe. threw her head back to break his nose.
“Duck!” I mind link her a moment before my arm comes up, slamming into his head. Angel ducks under my arm and she goes after the vampire that I injured but. didn’t kill. Keenan’s head snaps back. I take advantage of the opportunity and I reach out grabbing him by his throat.
“Angel is mine. You will never hurt her again.” I snarl in his face.
“We'll see about that, mutt.” He says, trying to throw a punch at my face. Unfortunately for him, he doesn’t realize that I’m mated to a Guardian, and I can see every move he makes. I grab his arm, wrenching it behind his back, twisting so that I’m behind him, my other hand still holding him by his throat.
“Angel!” She needs to kill him more than I do, and I want to give her that opportunity.
She turns and sees that I have him exposed for her. “Go for the heart!”
It's just like it was in my office when Sebastian attacked us. I am holding him exposed, waiting for Angel to take him out. Unlike in my office, Angel’s fist punches directly under Keenan’s heart. I watch
as she grabs his heart in her hand and I feel him flinch. She leans.”
getting in his face. “You will never hurt anyone ever again, you disgusting creature.” I watch ast her jaw sets and she rips his heart out of his body.
I let his body drop to the ground. Angel squeezes his heart, a fierce look on her +15 BONOS
face. I grab her pulling her to me. We're both naked, we’re both covered in blood, but I don’t care. The leech that tormented her for seven long years is dead.
As I hold her, I look around. We are winning. Killing Keenan caused the death of many other vampires. I’m guessing it’s true what they say about vampires sires. If you cut off the head, the body dies, in this case, all the vampires he created are dead. It’s making the battle swing easily in our favor. I’m about to jump back into the battle when I feel Angel flinch.
I only have a moment to look when she screams my name.
“LIAM!”
She jumps into my arms, throwing her arms out on either side of me as I feel her aura push out around me and to our wolves and allies, a moment before I feel a blast that sends everyone flying backward.
Cooper
Author
Keenan is dead, but what caused the blast? 
###Chapter 280
When Keenan sends his first wave, there are hundreds of vampires. The power that Cara, Clint and I have together can only hold for so long. It drains all of our energy. We are able to wipe out the first wave of vampires, but the second wave mostly gets through. By the third wave, we break off and begin fighting
individually.
We stay together as long as possible, and I see Rik and Liam throwing vampires to Clint to take out. He’s a machine. He always was. Alessia remembers him from his younger days. He’s stronger than an Alpha, so powerful. Even now, in his revised wheelchair, he’s taking on more vampires than most of the wolves on the battlefield.
I wasn’t expecting to be able to feel the death of our pack members. I've never been a ranked pack member and it’s hard to concentrate constantly hearing the howling of wolves in pain and then feeling their death in my mind and heart.
Thankfully, my Guardian instincts kick in and I’m fighting like my Guardian spirit has fought for centuries. The amount of knowledge that flows through me is incredible. My Guardian has even fought against vampires, so we know how best to kill them, and we are killing them as fast as they come at us.
I'm making sure that I’m close to Liam, even when we get pushed away from Cara, Rik and Clint. I know Rik will protect Cara. He didn’t want her here in her pregnant state, but I understand her desire, her need, to be a part of this. We are the power in this fight. And we are what the vampires are coming for. This is our fight.
Cyran is amazing. There is something to be said for the strength and power of an Alpha. There is a reason that they are the leaders of their pack and Liam is showing exactly why he is the leader of our pack. He is fearless and he is deadly.
I see Liam battling multiple vampires when yet another goes to jump in to try to bring him down. Before I even know what we're doing, Alessia has taken over and she jumps in to take the vampire out, ripping its head from its body in one move.
I see Ailduin’s warriors fighting, some dead on the ground. I’m heart broken, knowing that the immortal lives of these warriors has ended.
I hear Cyran howl in pain. Alessia whips her head around, ready to jump in to help him and that’s when I smell him. Prince Keenan. He takes advantage of my momentary distraction and grabs us by our neck and chest.
“There’s my girl. My delicious, mouthwatering girl. Oh, how I’ve missed you. I +15 BONOS
will enjoy having you, taking you every night.” Alessia is thrashing in his arms. From the corner of my eye, I see him look at Liam before sinking his fangs into Alessia’s neck. The pain is excruciating.
‘Alessia, we need to shift. You're too big, it makes it easier for him to keep a hold on us.‘ She agrees and we shift in his arms, not caring if he gets hurt in the process. When I’m back to myself, I slam my head into his face, forcing him to dislodge his fangs from my neck.
I hear Liam scream for me to duck and I do, going under his arm as it comes up to punch Keenan on the side of his head. When I duck, I see that the vampire Liam injured isn’t dead yet. I let my claws come out and I slice through his neck, separating his head from his body. I’m watching to see if he will turn to dust when I hear Liam.
“Angel!”
When I turn, Liam has Keenan. He’s giving me the chance to kill him, to end the misery that haunted me for years. My mate, the man I love, will give me this because he knows I need it more than he does.
Unlike with Sebastian, I know exactly how to kill this vampire. I punch just under his heart and Alessia lets her claws come out, puncturing his insides while we grab his heart. Keenan’s face is almost comical, like he can’t believe that I would want to kill him.
I want him to know that I’m doing this because he’s the most worthless creature on the face of the planet. A blight on the supernatural community. I feel no regret when I rip his heart from his chest and crush it in my hands.
Liam pulls me to him, holding me. I need his touch more than he knows. My mind wants to spiral out of control, back to a dark and hateful place. Holding on to Liam keeps me grounded. It keeps me here, refusing to let me go to that dark
place.
We pull apart and I look around. There has been a shift in the battle. We are winning now. There have been casualties but, in the end, we will win.
As I turn to look at my fellow Guardians, I see it. The leech that was with Keenant has Clint, his fangs deep into Clint’s neck. As I watch, Dimitri rips Clint’s throat out. His mouth is covered in blood that is dripping down his face. His face, turned up to the night sky, has a look of total ecstasy from feeding on Clint.
I feel it, just as I have felt every other death tonight. The tether that bonded us as Guardians snaps and I know that he is gone. I realize that Cara feels it too, the death of her father. I watch as she turns, seeing her father crumple to the ground.
+15 BONOS
I hear her scream at the same time I feel her aura, the absolute raw power pushing out of her. She will kill us all in her grief. “LIAM!”
My only thought is to protect him and as many others as I can from Cara’s power, bomb, because that is what it is, an electromagnetic pulse of her power.
I jump into Liam’s arms, wrapping my aura around him and throwing it out to as many wolves and fae warriors as I can reach before the power blast reaches us. I take the brunt of what feels like a concussion bomb, protecting my love, my mate, and as many others as I can before everything goes black.
Hundreds of miles away, in a tiny efficiency in a small town, a Guardian awakens. Cooper Rest in peace Clint...
Author
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 281
The blast threw everyone into the air and off their feet. When I get my senses back, I realize two things. Angel is unconscious on top of me, and I hear a keening sound in the distance that makes my heart hurt.
I sit up, holding Angel in my arms, looking around. There are fae warriors and werewolves around me, shaking their heads trying to figure out what happened, just like I am. I follow the sound of the keening and realize it’s Cara. She’s holding her father’s lifeless body in her arms, rocking him back and forth.
Oh no. Please tell me Clint isn’t dead. I see Rik, picking himself up off the ground, going to Cara. He pulls her into his arms and begins rocking her, trying to comfort her. I know the sound a person makes when they lose someone they love. That’s the sound that Cara is making now. It’s the sound of your heart breaking into a million pieces. I know that Clint is dead, and Cara’s heart is broken. What I thought was a bomb going off must have been a power surge from Cara, her emotions too strong to contain when she realized Clint was gone.
I look down at my sweet Angel. She must have felt it before anyone else and she jumped in front of me. She protected me, even though I asked her not to. Her back is in shreds, but she’s alive and I know I need to get her to the pack hospital.
I look around. It feels like the entire canyon was on fire with all the ash in the air. Cara’s power wiped out the remaining vampires. As I look around, many warriors on our side are getting up but on the other side, where Angel wasn’t able to block Cara's aura, many wolves are unconscious. I’m hoping because they are part of Cara’s pack, that there is some level of protection offered them.
As I watch, I see Anders walking over to Clint’s body. He falls to his knees beside his lifelong friend, pulling his dead body to his chest. I can see his body convulsing with his grief from here.
I stand, holding Angel in my arms. I look at Rik and he makes eye contact with me. The battle is won, but our mates need us. I nod and turn, running back to my pack lands.
As I go, I holler at my pack members, telling them to help each other and get back to our pack lands. I'll be sending help and medical assistance as soon as I can, but Angel is my first priority. I know as Alpha the pack should come first, but I am nothing without my mate, and I can’t help anyone if she dies.
As I run back into my pack lands, I see what looks like the remains of a fight near- the packhouse. I’m glad I left some warriors here to protect our weaker pack
+15 BONOS
members. I send a mind link that the battle is over and every able-bodied pack member is needed in the hospital and on the battle field to help those that are injured.
I'm aware that not every person in the safe rooms will be ‘able bodied’. Anyone who lost a mate will be devastated, trying to hold on to life if there is something, or someone keeping them here, or praying to the Moon Goddess for death to be with their mates. Werewolves, as a species, are not able to survive when we lose the person that completes us. Someone like Clint only lasted this long because of Cara. My father was the same, only he never had anything left to give to me, his
son. I get Angel to the pack hospital. It’s already bustling with activity. “I need help NOW!” I shout as I walk in.
One of the doctors runs over, looking at Angel. “This way Alpha.” He says and I follow him into a room where I gently lay Angel on her stomach.
I stand back as they begin hooking her up to all sorts of equipment. Her heart rate is slow, her blood pressure is low and they give her oxygen to help her breath. Someone gives me a pair of sweatpants and I put them on, but I refuse to leave my mate.
Eventually, they have her stable, they’ve bandaged her back and have her laying on her back now. “Why isn’t she healing?” I ask the doctor for the hundredth time.
“We don’t know yet Alpha. We have to run more tests, but right now, sure.”
we're not
Sarah comes in at some point. She puts her hand on my shoulder. “Liam. Go get showered, I will stay with her.” I begin shaking my head.
“I won't leave her, not even for a moment, but you are covered in blood and even I can tell that you stink of vampire.” 
###Chapter 282
I turn my head to her. I smell bad enough that a human can smell me? But then I see it. Dustin’s mark on her neck. “Congratulations.” I say, but nothing about how I say it sounds celebratory.
“Thank you. Now go. You know what she means to me. I won’t leave her.” She says. I sigh and agree.
I jog back to the packhouse, planning to quickly shower, change and get back to Angel. After I shower, I run into Dustin. “Alpha, I’m working on the casualty list and the list of injured.” He stops, not making eye contact.
“I already know about Clint.” I tell him, thinking that is who he is referring to.
He nods. “We lost Jackson, too.” He says quietly.
I stop. Jackson, my Gamma. He was in charge of the warriors protecting the packhouse.
“What happened?”
“Some vampires got in and were breaking into the bunker. He jumped in and tried to fight them off but he was killed before he could kill them all. They ended up breaking down the door to the bunker.”
I close my eyes. I can’t stomach the thought of having lost pregnant mothers and pups to those leeches. “How many?” “None. Sarah was able to stab them with wood that they had for a fire. Sebastian came after her and she killed him.”
“Well, then, I guess it’s a good thing that she’s accepted her position in this pack as your mate.”
His smile is bright, even if it only lasts for a moment. “Yes. At least something good came from this. She agreed to be mine.”
“I'm happy for you. I have to get back. Is there anything else? I need you to run things for me while Angel is recovering. I don’t plan to leave her side.”
“When I have a full report, I'll bring it to you at the hospital. She'll be fine Liam, She’s strong.”
+15 BONOS Two days later
“Why isn’t she waking up doctor? It’s been two days. She’s a Guardian. She has advanced healing for goddess’s sake! Why isn’t she healing? Why is she still unconscious?” I rant at the doctor, my patience at an all-time low. My mate isn’t getting better. It’s almost like she’s healing at human speed and the doctors can’t” tell me why.
“We'll run some more tests, Alpha.”
“What tests? You've run every test already! Why isn’t she getting better?” I’m yelling at the end and it’s Sarah that comes in and calms me down so the doctors. can go and run whatever tests they run on people who are unconscious and not waking up.
I sit, my head in my hands. My hair is longer again, so I’m sure that it’s going in all directions with my hands running through it at lightning speed over and over again. I wish it was long enough to grab ahold of and pull on. I seriously need to punch something, but I won't leave to go work off all this excess energy. I don’t want to leave my mate in case she finally wakes up.
I had expected her to be out for a couple of hours, not days. The longer she’s unconscious, the more worried and anxious I’ve become. What if she doesn’t wake up? What if she leaves me alone in the world.
I crawl onto the bed, carefully curling myself around her as much as possible. Sarah takes her leave and it’s just me and Angel.
“You promised. You promised that you would never leave me little angel. I’m holding you to that promise. Don’t you dare leave me. You come back to me, and you live this life with me.
I start talking to her as if she’s awake. “You know, it’s not just me that needs you. I understand that Cara is having a really hard time too. She lost her father, and now Rik says that she nearly miscarried their baby. She’s on bedrest and may stay that way for the rest of her pregnancy. She could really use you there with her, to help support her.”
I'm running my fingers through her hair, talking to her when the doctors come back in.
“Alpha. I think we know why Angel isn’t healing like she should be.”
I gently remove myself from the bed. “Well?” +15 BONOS
“We believe that Alessia is directing her strength elsewhere, rather than healing our Luna.” He says, handing me a piece of paper. I read it and read it again.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes Alpha. Luna is pregnant and we think Alessia is using her strength to protect the pup, which is why she is taking so long to heal.”
Angel is pregnant. I’m going to be a father! Cooper Author
Was I the only one that needed tissues for this chapter? 
###Chapter 283
When I wake, it’s in a dream state. I’m walking in a forest. I can hear small animals moving around, but nothing else. It’s very quiet here. Beautiful, but lonely. Where is everyone?
“Hello? Liam? Alessia?” I call out loud.
‘lm here.’ Says an exhausted sounding Alessia.
“Where are we?”
In my head, she lifts her head off the ground, looking around. ‘I know this place.” “Where is it? Are we near the pack lands?
‘No. she says, just as Clint steps out of the trees in front of me.
“Clint!” I run to him, throwing my arms around him. “I thought you were dead!” “lam sweetheart. It was my time. But why are you here? It’s not your time.”
I look around me again. “I don’t know why I’m here. I woke up here.” I turn to look at him, horrified. “Am I dead? Where is Liam?!” I demand.
“Can you hear Alessia in your head?” He asks me. “Yes. I can hear her.” “Then, you're not dead. How about we look around and try to figure out why you’re here.”
He puts his arm around my shoulders, guiding me to a cliff. When I look down, I can see the carnage of the battle. “We won.” I state.
“We did, but there are many casualties on our side. As I watch, I see mates finding their dead partners, dropping to the ground, sobbing. “Come. This is not where you are meant to be. Let’s head over to your pack lands.”
We do and I see that there was a battle outside the packhouse. I can see pack members rebuilding the doors and windows that were blown out with the fighting. We continue to walk around, hearing the sounds of weeping and the sounds of pack members giving orders to fix or repair broken places in the packhouse and surrounding homes of pack members.
+15 BONOS
“It doesn’t appear that this is where you should be either. Come, let's head over to your pack hospital.
He guides me to the pack hospital. I’m glad Clint’s here with me. I feel like I’m floating, like I’m not completely here. When we arrive, I see Sarah and I point her out to Clint. “Look, we should follow Sarah.”
We do and as she enters a hospital room, we follow. When I walk in I stop at the sight in front of me, gasping. I’m on a hospital bed, machines are attached all over my body. Liam is laying on the bed, wrapped up around me. His voice sounds broken and it makes my heart hurt.
“Please Angel. Please, I need you to come back to me. I can’t do this without you. You promised me. You promised me.” His voice breaks. I’m walking to him before I even realize what I’m doing.
“I'm here Liam, I’m right here.” I go to put my hand on his back, but it goes right through him. I turn to Clint.
“What's happening?”
He watches Liam and me on the bed. “This is where you are supposed to be. You need to return to yourself Angel.” I turn and look at my body, lying on the bed. “Alessia, do you know how to get us back?
‘I'm here Angel, it’s you that has to return.’ She tells me.
‘How? I don’t want to leave Liam.”
‘Let yourself feel the pain. You must let yourself feel the pain and grief of the pack. It’s the only way to return. Liam needs you, I need you and our pup needs you, Angel. Come back.*
Pup?! I turn to Clint. “I have to go back.” “Yes, you do.” He says and turns to leave. “WAIT!” I say and he stops, looking at me over his shoulder. I feel tears in my eyes. “Will I ever see you again?”
He smiles softly. “Someday sweet girl, someday you will see me again. Lily and Andra send their love. They are very proud of how you are carrying on their Guardian spirit. Live your life, Angel. Live your best life, the life you were always meant to have.” He says before walking out the door.
+15 BONGS
I watch for only a moment longer before laying down where my body lies, closing my eyes and letting the pain flood into my system. There is so much, so many pack member tethers that are gone, others that are so tenuous that I know they won't last as they join their dead mates.
The sudden pain makes me gasp, and I open my eyes again, but this time, I’m in Liam’s arms and his eyes fly open.
“Angel!” He begins kissing my face, continuing to pull back to see that my eyes. are still open. “Oh Angel, I was so scared that you were going to leave me.” He wraps his arms around me before burying his face in my neck and sobbing. I wrap my arms around him as best I can, holding him while he releases all his stress and anxiety.
“I'm here Liam, I’m not going to leave you. I promised and I am keeping my promise.”
I hold him, my own tears trekking down my face, until his tears subside.
When he finally pulls back, he takes my face in his hands, his forehead against mine. “You and me.” He says fiercely.
“And baby makes three.” I reply.
The doctors insisted on keeping me for another day to ensure that I was healthy and ready to leave. I felt fine, all things considered.
Liam caught me up on everything that had happened in the last few days while I was unconscious. I found out that we had lost nearly 150 pack members. Not all had died in the war, many had died soon after their mates had been killed.
Liam also told me about Cara nearly miscarrying. I knew I needed to see her. She needed to know her father helped me and that both he and her mother were watching over us. It might help her to recover.
I was released the day after I woke in the hospital. Liam never left my side. I was adamant about leaving because it was the first day that we were to begin burning those who had died in the war. As their Luna, I needed to be there. Our pyres would burn for three days as we divided our dead to allow all those who wanted an opportunity to come and show their respect for those we lost.
Liam stood in front of, the first 50 bodies, laying on top of their pyres, their bodies covered. I stood beside him as he paid his respects and honored them for their sacrifices. Anyone was welcome to speak about the dead, and it was hours. before we were able to light the pyres.
Liam and I stood hand in hand, watching as the ashes of our pack members drifted into the dark night. Cooper
Author
Thank you, Clint, for bringing Angel back to Liam,
+15 BONDS 
###Chapter 284
When the doctor told me that Angel was pregnant, I was concerned that she had kept it from me before the war. I was happy to learn that she hadn’t known until her strange walk with Clint who apparently brought her back to me. I’m not sure what that means or why it happened, but I’m forever indebted to him for bringing my Angel back.
Dustin had prepared the funerals and pyres for our pack members. He had talked it over with me while Angel was unconscious, and we had agreed to have three days of funerals. There was so much sadness and pain among the pack members, but each of them deserved to have their time to say goodbye to their loved ones.
I had spoken to Rik about the loss of his pack members. After Cara’s show of power, I wasn’t sure how many in his pack had survived. He lost nearly 100 pack members after losing the mates of those lost in the war. Thankfully, Cara’s power surge only seemed to knock their warriors out, not kill them as it had the vampires.
Her strength was chilling. I've never seen or felt such power. It makes me wonder how much power Angel really has. If something as emotionally painful as losing Clint would cause her to have an explosion of power like Cara did. Does she just need to find a way to unlock it? When things settle down, it’s definitely something that we should discuss with Ailduin.
After a long week of saying goodbye to pack members, we are headed to Canyon Ridge pack. They are having a special funeral ceremony for Clint. I know Cara has been in the hospital since the battle and Anders, who was also injured, needed to heal before they had said this final goodbye. I know Angel is planning to talk to Cara while we are here. She wants her to know that Clint came to her after his
death.
The funeral is attended by everyone in Canyon Ridge pack and some of my pack members as well. In the last month or so, many of my warriors got to know Clint. He was a good man, a great Guardian and a wonderful father.
After paying his respects and speaking of Clint’s life and sacrifices for his family and the pack, Rik opens the floor to anyone who wants to say something about Clint. Many of the older warriors recount times in their youth when he helped them or times when he would defeat them in sparring or mock battles. Other warriors talk about meeting him more recently and how much they learned from him.
I can see Anders in the front row between Cara and Luna Calista. His head is
bowed and I know if I could see his eyes that they would be red-rimmed. The bond they shared was a brotherhood, not quite as strong as a mate bond, but pretty close.
I'm surprised when Angel gets up and goes to the podium. She hasn’t said. anything to me about speaking, not that needs to. +15 BONOS
“I haven’t known Clint very long, at least not as the person I am now. When I got here, I had come from a dark place where I had been abused for years. I was a broken shell of the person I had been, not even able to access my wolf or my Guardian spirit. Clint didn’t care. He took me under his wing and he pushed me to be a stronger, better version of myself. He helped me to regain my wolf and the power of my Guardian spirit. He treated me like family and took me in as if I was another daughter to him. He helped me find my way back to the person I am today.”
She stops, regaining her composure before looking at Cara and smiling. “He even found me when I lost my way after the battle.” I see Cara’s head shoot up to look at Angel. “I woke up in a strange forest, alone. I had no idea where I was or how to get home. He found me, told me it wasn’t my time yet and helped me find my way back to Liam. As was his way, he didn’t leave me until he knew that I was where I was
to be and that I would be okay.”
###Chapter 285
Her voice begins to waver and I watch as she loses the battle against her tears and they start to fall down her cheeks. “Even in death, he was looking out for me. And I know that he’s looking down, watching everyone here today, keeping an eye on this pack and this family that he loved so much. He may be gone from our daily lives, but he will always be here.” She takes her hand and puts it over her heart. And I’m so thankful that I got to meet such an amazing man in my lifetime, a man who became like a father tome.”
She turns and begins to walk off the podium. I watch as Cara stands, and goes to her and they hug tightly, crying together for the loss of their father, their friend, their Guardian bond.
We stayed for dinner that night. Angel spent some time talking to Cara and explaining her time with Clint while she was unconscious. The talk seemed to help Cara and I could tell that Rik breathed a sigh of relief.
I pulled him aside later in the evening. “How are you holding up?” I ask him. We stay within eyesight of our mates, neither of us wanting them out of our sight.
“I feel better after seeing her with Angel today. I think it went a long way toward helping her to heal. You probably understand the loss of a parent better than I do, and Angel definitely does.”
power surg
We sit and he puts his head in his hands. “We don’t know how that of hers may impact the baby. We don’t know if the near miscarriage was from her blast of power or from her despair of losing her father. I can’t lose them.” He whispers the last part.
I bring my hand down on his shoulder. “You won't. I think one thing that we've learned about our mates is that they are much stronger than even we knew. They are amazing women. I don’t know about our children, obviously you and I are in the same boat now. But I do know that our mates are the strongest wolves I’ve ever met in my life.”
He smiles, looking over at our girls, hugging each other. “I'll warn you now, if I have a girl and you have a boy, he better keep his hands off my daughter.” Rik tells me.
“Same goes and I think we both know I can be a whole hell of a lot more. intimidating than you.” I retort.
He snorts. “That's a matter of opinion.”
+15 BONOS
We sit in silence for another moment just watching our mates. “I can’t believe we're both going to be dads in a few months.” “It's amazing, isn’t it?”
“It's incredible.”
Later than night when we're back home, after reminding my mate how much I love her, how important she is to me and how much I enjoy her screaming my name in pleasure, I tuck her against me in bed. I kiss the top of her head, smelling her scent of raspberries and cream now mixed with a headier scent of the forest.
After talking to Rik, I feel pretty confident based on the change in scent from my inate that we’re having a boy. Rik said Cara smells more like vanilla. Angel smells more like the forest, more like what she says that I smell like to her. So, yeah, I’m pretty confident that we're having a boy.
“You know, we never really talked about whether or not you wanted pups.” I say to her. She tilts her head up to me and I look down at her, kissing her nose. “I mean, it’s a little late now and I’m really excited, but we probably should have had a discussion about it beforehand.”
She lifts herself up on her elbow, resting her hand on my chest. “Liam Holstin, I would be thrilled if you gave me enough pups to fill every room in this packhouse with the evidence of our love.”
Her answer is so perfect, so exactly what I want to hear, that I roll over top of her and show her once again how happy I am that she is my mate.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 286
Chapter 0286 Aler
the terrible week of funerals, the pack began the slow process of rebuilding. We had to fix several homes, the back of the packhouse and the bunker.
Liam refused to let me assist and he also refused to allow me at training, so instead, I started training with Sarah. Since werewolf pregnancies are much shorter than human pregnancies, five months instead of nine, I only have a couple of months before my stomach will be too big to do anything.
I went with Sarah to see Dr. Phillips. After letting Dustin mark her immediately after the war, she wanted to know if she could have his children. She had extensive testing and Dr. Phillips decided that any human would struggle with the shorter gestation of having a wolf pup. The scar tissue would cause problems. with getting pregnant, during the pregnancy and delivery, but since she would put Sarah on bedrest anyway, it should be possible.
Sarah had told Dustin that they could have pups but that she would have to be on bedrest during the gestation. He was tentative, but they started actively trying to get pregnant. Sarah had gotten over her fears of having a sexual relationship and that was a huge step for them.
I speak to Cara at least once a week. When we got the news very quickly that Donovan's Guardian spirit was found, we were both surprised and happy. It was good to know that we had found her, not him, which was its own surprise. We haven’t met her yet, but we hope to in the near future.
I've settled into a routine, Sarah as my official Beta female. Liam hired a new assistant at the office with Sarah’s input so she’s Officially in her capacity as the Beta female in the pack.
It's during one of these regular days that I get a mind link from Liam. “Little Angel. I’m coming to your office. I need you to come with me to the borders.”
He’s in my office in a couple of minutes. “Liam, what’s going on?” walk downstairs and I see our
“I'm not sure, but I need you to join
“We entire fleet of warriors waiting for us. “Liam?”
He picks me up, carrying me bridal style. “They claimed that they needed to see you or Cara. They have refused to tell Rik and I what this is about. They’ve been here all day, just outside our territory insisting that they speak with you, since Cara is still on bedrest.”
When we get to the border, I see that Rik and many of his pack warriors are there
+15 BONOS
as well. What I see beyond our borders has my blood running cold. I stiffen in his
arms.
“Don't worry, I won’t let them near you.” Liam says, his arms tightening around 1.me.
He sets me down, standing slightly in front of me. “I’ve brought my mate, the ” Guardian you've requested to speak to. Now, what do you want?” Liam says to the group of vampires.
The leader, who is obviously vampire royalty, lifts his nose in the air. “Custos. Regni.” He doesn’t say it in the disgusting way that Keenan did. It’s said with respect.
I step forward, Liam putting his arm out, holding me to the spot next to him. I’m the Guardian, my name is Angel. What do you want?” I ask him.
“lam King Urien, Guardian. I understand that you have had a bad experience. with some of my brethren.”
“Those ‘brethren’ are dead.” Liam growls at him.
Urien nods. “I want to express my regret at my fellow vampires‘ lifestyle. Not all of us live the way that Keenan and Dimitri lived.” He spreads his arms around to include all of the vampires with him. “My coven and I are not like they are, or were. We prefer to live our lives among humans. There are plenty of humans who are agreeable to being used as feeders that there is no reason to force them.”
O+15 
###Chapter 287
He makes a fist, bringing it up to his heart in a strange show of dedication. “We come to pledge our loyalty, show our respect and commitment to the Guardians of the Realm. We will live by the covenants of the Guardians. We wanted you to know that you have nothing to fear nor any need for concern about my coven. When he is done speaking, he and his coven all take a knee, bowing their heads.
I look at Liam, not knowing what to say. He looks just as lost as I am. I step forward, feeling Liam shift behind me, ready to pull me behind him if this is a trap.
“Rise King Urien. I appreciate you coming here to let me know of your allegiance. It was never my intention to kill any of your kind, but when anyone comes for me or mine, they will be destroyed.” Alessia has pushed forward and her voice overlays with mine. I see the vampires‘ heads snap up at the change in my voice.
“Guardian, if ever you need us, we are here to serve you.”
With that, they stand, turn and in the blink of an eye, they are gone.
I turn to look at Liam and Rik. “Well, that was weird. Do you think they mean it?” Rik looks thoughtful. “They seemed to, but time will tell.”
Over the next several months, more groups of supernaturals come to our borders, pledging their allegiance to Cara and I as the Guardians. We call Ailduin. and Aolis back to chronicle these events and discuss the implications of what it
means. ave tome
“Your power exceeds that of any other supernatural.” King Ailduin one day. “It seems that the vampires have the name correct. You are Guardians which guard the entire realm of supernaturals, not just the werewolves. Perhaps you were created by the Moon Goddess specifically for the werewolves, but your power has grown and now exceeds us all. It is a good and bad thing.”
“What do you mean?” Liam asks.
“It means, all supernaturals will be looking to the Guardians for assistance when wars between the species occur. The Guardians will be asked to take sides. I feel like we are on the cusp of a change with the Guardians. Something has changed with the birth of Cara and the Guardians finally being given access to their fated mates. Whether intentional or not, the role of the Guardians is and will change in the next generation. We will have to see what happens and how that unfolds.”
It was during one of these visits with Ailduin and Aolis that Cara went into labor. +15 BONOS
We all stayed, knowing that this pregnancy had been difficult, and the delivery was no less difficult. Cara labored for hours, and it was not until the baby was in distress that they called me in to see if I could help.
I wasn’t sure what to do, but I thought my advanced healing power might help. I put one hand on Cara’s stomach, feeling her little girl and the other hand on Cara’s forehead. I closed my eyes and pushed my healing toward both of them. I had to be careful, I was fairly advanced in my own pregnancy at the time, but I was able to give them both a boost of healing, ensuring that Cara didn’t bleed out and that baby Lily’s heart continued to beat.
It was Aolis, who snuck in, that seemed to make the biggest impact. He came up beside the doctor, reaching out his hand to touch the top of Lily's head that was breaching and just visible between Cara’s legs. Rik was talking to Cara and didn’t see it. Cara was in so much distress that I doubt she even knew he was there. The doctor started to push Aolis away, when Lily started to move through the birth canal, almost as if she was trying to get to Aolis. It was the strangest thing I had
ever seen.
The doctor moved to give him room and watched as Aolis gently coaxed Lily through the birthing canal while Cara pushed. Aolis was the one that held her as she was delivered, a strange look of reverence and love on his face. The doctor quickly swooped in, rubbing Lily with a towel, cleaning her up and getting her to cry before handing her over to Cara. The moment Cara held her baby girl in her arms, I knew that everything would be alright for both of them.
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 288
I take Aolis by the hand and pull him from the room with me, his eyes never leaving Lily. When we get outside the door, Liam is there, waiting for me. I turn to Aolis. “What was that?”
He looks at me. “I’m not sure. I could hear her distress and her desire to be born but she couldn’t find her way, so I helped her.” He turned looking toward the delivery room again. “She’s the most beautiful baby I’ve ever seen.”
I look at Liam and back at Aolis. “Aolis?”
“It's okay. I know she’s too young to recognize the mate bond. I will wait for her.” And with that, he turns and walks out to find his father. Liam and I just stand there, dumbfounded.
After getting our turn to see Cara and Lily post—delivery, Rik looking every bit the proud papa, we head back to our pack.
Another month goes by, and life gets back to normal. Sarah and I begin to take on more work, not just with the packhouse but also with the pack’s business. Sarah is so efficient that it’s easy for us to assist Liam and Dustin.
Liam finally names Evan as his new Gamma, and then names a new lead warrior to replace Evan.
My favorite time of day is after dinner, when it’s just me and Liam. As my pregnancy has progressed, Liam has gotten creative with ways for us to have sex, which is good, because pregnancy, for some reason, has made my desire for him almost insatiable. Liam is happy to oblige me any time I ask.
Tonight, he comes in as I’m getting out of the shower. He does what he has been. doing every day for months. He walks up to me, kisses my gently, then gets down on his knees to talk to our son. He was right, we are having a boy. We decided on a name a while ago, but we haven’t told anyone, waiting until after he’s born.
“How’s my little man doing today, momma?” He says, his hands on either side of my stomach as he sniffs to find the spot where he wants to talk to his son.
“He’s been a very active boy today, daddy.” I tell Liam: ”
“That’s my boy.” He says, and then when he finds the spot he wants, he begins. telling his son about his day and his plans for when he’s born.
The nursery is complete and Liam had them put a doorway from our room to the room next door so that we can hear him if he fusses and he’s close enough for me
1/2 Chapter 0288
I take Aolis by the hand and pull him from the room with me, his eyes never leaving Lily. When we get outside the door, Liam is there, waiting for me. I turn to Aolis. “What was that?”
He looks at me. “I’m not sure. I could hear her distress and her desire to be born. but she couldn’t find her way, so I helped her.” He turned looking toward the delivery room again. “She’s the most beautiful baby I’ve ever seen.
I look at Liam and back at Aolis. “Aolis?”
“It's okay. I know she’s too young to recognize the mate bond. I will wait for her.” And with that, he turns and walks out to find his father. Liam and I just stand there, dumbfounded.
After getting our turn to see Cara and Lily post—delivery, Rik looking every bit the proud papa, we head back to our pack.
Another month goes by, and life gets back to normal. Sarah and I begin to take on more work, not just with the packhouse but also with the pack’s business. Sarah is so efficient that it’s easy for us to assist Liam and Dustin.
Liam finally names Evan as his new Gamma, and then names a new lead warrior to replace Evan.
My favorite time of day is after dinner, when it’s just me and Liam. As my pregnancy has progressed, Liam has gotten creative with ways for us to have sex, which is good, because pregnancy, for some reason, has made my desire for him almost insatiable. Liam is happy to oblige me any time I ask.
Tonight, he comes in as I’m getting out of the shower. He does what he has been doing every day for months. He walks up to me, kisses my gently, then gets down on his knees to talk to our son. He was right, we are having a boy. We decided on a name a while ago, but we haven’t told anyone, waiting until after he’s born.
“How’s my little man doing today, momma?” He says, his hands on either side of my stomach as he sniffs to find the spot where he wants to talk to his son.
“He’s been a very active boy today, daddy.” I tell Liam:
“That’s my boy.” He says, and then when he finds the spot he wants, he begins telling his son about his day and his plans for when he’s born.
The nursery is complete and Liam had them put a doorway from our room to the room next door so that we can hear him if he fusses and he’s close enough for me
+15 BONOS
to nurse at night.
As he’s talking to our son, I feel a splash of warm wetness drip down my legs. Liam stops, pulling back, looking at the floor, then up at me.
“Liam, I think it’s time.”
Liam rushes me to the pack hospital and three hours later, I deliver my beautiful baby boy. Liam wanted to honor my father, as he had done everything in his power to protect me as a child, and we also wanted to honor Clint for helping me reconnect with my Guardian spirit and being like a second father to me.
So, after our son was born, Liam took him into the waiting room where hundreds. of pack members were waiting to hear the news of their Alpha heir’s delivery and Liam proudly announced the birth of Richard Clint Holstin.
Cooper Author
That’s a wrap for the regular chapters. Two epilogue 
###Chapter 289
Chapter 0289 O +15 BONOS Three months later
To say that being a father has changed my life would be an understatement. You don’t know how much you can love another person until you hold your child in your arms for the first time and your heart aches because it’s so full of love. The mate bond is one thing, that is a gift given by the Moon Goddess and nothing could ever compare to that. But being a father feels like the greatest achievement of my life.
My son is perfect, of course. All ten fingers, all ten toes. He was born with soft fuzz for hair that has started to grow in now and he definitely got my golden, curly locks. However, every time I look into his gray eyes, I see his mother. Angel says his eyes are the only thing he got from her and that we'll have a mini-me walking around very soon.
Works for me. I figure our little girl will look just like her mother. I hope so, it means she'll be beautiful. Yes, it means I’ll have to go all Alpha on any male that looks at her but having a miniature version of Angel walking around sounds perfect to me.
And yes, I got my sweet little mate pregnant almost immediately after Richie’s birth. It’s not my fault that she’s so perfect that I can’t keep my hands and other body parts off of her. She did ask me to fill the packhouse with the evidence of our love and who am I to deny my Luna anything.
So today, Richie and I are at the office in the human town while my sweet mate gets some much needed rest. This pregnancy, while not problematic, is causing her more fatigue than Rich’s. The doctor says it’s because I didn’t give her
enough time to heal in between, but Angel just laughs at that. ‘Advanced healing ‘, she tells the doctor every time. Either way, it’s a great excuse for me to have alone time with my son and give my mate a chance to nap without interruption. My office has been renovated to include everything for a baby now, so working from here and bringing my son is no problem.
Dustin joins me in my office, taking every opportunity to hold and feed Richie that he can get. He even changes diapers on occasion. I know it’s a struggle for him. He and Sarah have been unable to have pups. They are still trying, but with her scarring from years of abuse, it hasn’t happened yet.
“We're thinking of adopting.” He says, out of the blue while he’s feeding my son. He looks up at me before looking back down at Richie.
There are several orphans from the war, children who lost both of their parents. We would have adopted anyway, but we were waiting to see if we would get pregnant first, knowing that Sarah will probably have a difficult pregnancy.”
Sarah and Angel set up a section of the first floor of the packhouse for the pups. that lost their parents during the war. Some lost both parents in the battle and some lost one in the battle and one when they couldn’t survive after the death of their mate.
“I think there are still five pups that need homes.” I tell him.
“Sarah has gotten attached to a little girl. She’s two and struggles a lot with the loss of her parents. Sarah spends a lot of time with her and has even brought her up to our rooms, with Angel's permission of course.”
“I know you two would make excellent parents. We'll go through the proper procedures, but I have no concern about you adopting one of the pups.” I tell him.
He surprises me by handing me the application. It’s been filled out and already signed by him, Sarah and Angel. My signature is the only one required for make it official.
I sign the document and stand, going to my friend. “Here, let me have my son, you take this to your mate and let her know that you are officially parents, starting today. If you need anything at all for your little girl, just let me know.”
His smile is as bright as the sun. “Thank you, Liam. This means a lot to both of us.” I take my son from him and give him a slap on the back. “Go, I'll finish up here and we'll celebrate later when I’m back.” “Great, see you soon Alpha!” He turns and practically runs to the elevator in his excitement to get to his mate and let her know.
I finish up my work, getting with George and my assistant giving instructions for the next week while I work from the packhouse. By the time I’m done packing up my son to leave, I’m the last person in the office.
“Let's turn off all the lights so we can go home and see mommy, what do you say?” I ask my son. I don’t care what anyone says, my son is brilliant and. understands every word I’m saying. Even if he doesn’t, he looks at me like he does, so I’m assuming he does. Angel just laughs at me when I tell her he understands me.
“He chews on his toes too, Liam. Is that also a show of his intelligence?” Hey,
he’s still a baby, he does baby things, too. I didn’t say that he’s coordinated yet. That will probably come next month.
As we're walking toward the elevator, I hear it ding and the elevator doors start opening. I immediately push my son in his car seat behind a desk and take a defensive stance. No one should be coming up here this late in the evening.
When the doors open, I’m stunned at what I see. It’s Audra, but the difference in her from when I saw her months ago to now, is shocking. Back then, she was one of the most beautiful and exotic women I’d ever seen. Now, she is bone-thin, her hair is missing in chunks and she looks nearly dead.
“Audra!” I grab her before she falls.
When she sees me, there are tears in her eyes, her eyes are bloodshot. Or no, not bloodshot, more like the blood vessels in her eyes have burst. She looks terrible. “Liam. They are coming. They are coming for them.”
I pick her up, bringing to a chair. “Who is coming Audra? Who did this to you?”
She grabs the front of my shirt. “The hunters. They know about the Guardians, and they are coming, Liam.” 
###Chapter 290
Chapter 0290 Three years later
It's amazing how much changes in three years. Two days after Sarah and Dustin officially adopted Sienna, Sarah found out she was pregnant. It worked out okay because her pregnancy was very difficult. As expected, she was on bed rest for most of her pregnancy. Dustin would take Sienna with him to his office or I would keep her with me, having set up a kid’s play area in my office. Sometimes, Dustin would carry Sarah to her desk when she got too stir—crazy and needed a break from sitting in her bed all day. At least being in the packhouse, he and I were always close and could monitor her.
The doctor told her she’d have to have a C-Section because her internal scarring was too severe to allow for a baby to pass through the birthing canal. And five months after adopting Sienna, they welcomed baby Jackson Dustin Roberts into the world. They named him after our previous Gamma, since he had given his life protecting Sarah and the others who were in the bunker that day.
Cara and Rik finally had their second baby. I know Cara was frustrated with Rik’s unwillingness to have a second child. After everything that she went through with Lily, it was amazing how simple her second pregnancy was. After delivering a healthy baby boy, Cohen Donovan Forte, a year ago, they are due to deliver their third child, another boy, any day now.
Rik finally had a talk with Aolis after becoming uncomfortable with his fascination with Lily. Aolis told him that he is Lily’s mate and he’s been visiting the pack regularly ever since. At first, I think they were concerned, but seeing Aolis interact with Lily, it's obvious that he feels the mate bond. Everything he does is to make Lily happy. He will spend hours with her and never become bored or irritated with her, even though she is ten years younger than he is. The mate bond between them makes sense. His father, Ailduin, was mated to a Guardian. years ago. Lily is showing signs of being a Guardian already even though she hasn’t gotten her wolf. This time, there is no concern that she will be taken from Aolis. Rik and Cara have no problem with their daughter being mated to Fae royalty, but they are adamant that Lily will have to agree with the mate bond and choose Aolis as her mate.
We finally connected with Clint and Donovan’s Guardian spirit. To say she’s a spitfire would be an understatement. Cara and I loved her immediately. She brings a whole new level to the Guardians and our continued work together has increased our power and strength.
1/2 +15 BONOS
With that strength has come a new responsibility. It started almost a year ago, after the war with the hunters. Audra had given us warning that the hunters were coming, but it was almost another year before we finally had the hunter war. Liam brought Audra to the pack and gave her a place to stay while she recovered. She stayed mostly to herself and then one day not long after we defeated the hunters, she just vanished. I guess as a panther, being a solitary creature, she struggled having the pack around all the time.
The war with the hunters showcased our strength as Guardians to all the supernaturals. It was after the war that the requests for our interventions started to come in. Ailduin had been correct in his prediction. We were being asked to pass judgement on issues between the supernatural species.
So, we set up a council. There is always two of the three Guardians required on the council, but we also have included an appointee from the vampire, fae and shifter communities. More recently, we've been petitioned to include a siren and a dragon but so far, they've been included in the shifter community, although their needs are different from the average shifter. We've also been petitioned to include a representative from the angel and demon communities. If I’m being honest, I had no clue that there were so many different types of supernaturals out there. All of these petitions are under review and will be voted on at the next council meeting.
And then, there’s me and Liam. We had four children back-to-back. First was our son, Richard Clint, then only six months later we welcomed our daughter, Leana Estella, named after Liam’s parents. It worked out that I was in between pregnancies for the hunter war. There’s no way Liam would have let me fight if I was pregnant. But, we needed all three Guardians, so thankfully, it worked out. Six months after the hunter war, we welcomed our second son, Alexander Conal and seven months after that, we welcomed our third son, Cayden Andrew. Some people might say that we were having children too quickly and too close together. Perhaps there is some validity to that. The doctors sure gave Liam and I a hard time about it. After our fourth child, we were both tired. It’s a lot to take care of four children two years old and younger. For over a year, I was nursing two children at the same time.
###Chapter 291
But you will never hear me complain. I asked Liam to fill the packhouse with our children and he’s doing his best to oblige me. I love that three and a half years later, I still can’t get enough of my mate, and he can’t get enough of me. No matter how tired we are, he still shows me in little ways every day how much he loves and appreciates me. And at night, he always shows me in the best way, although we've learned that I have to be quiet or we'll wake the kids. That’s become his new favorite game, how far can he push me before I’m too loud. It’s a fun game to play with the love of my life.
Because our children were so close together for the first two years, I never went into heat. But after our fourth, and at the doctor’s insistence, we took a break from getting pregnant. Maybe because I was nursing, or maybe because I’d been pregnant so many times, but it took months for me to go into heat.
I'm not sure Liam believed Rik when he warned him that my heat would nearly kill him or that he’d hope his penis would fall off, but that’s exactly what happened. Thank goodness for Sarah and Dustin. They looked after our children, made sure we had food, lots of water and that no one came into the packhouse for a week.
When it finally ended, Liam and I were in the shower, washing away the sweat and the smell of sex when he looked down at himself. “Baby girl, I think you broke my dick.”
I just laughed at him, leaning against him and kissing him until I felt it working. Doesn't feel like it.” “You will never hear me say this again, but please, tell me you don’t want to go another round.” I laughed even harder. “No, I’m pretty sure even my advanced healing is fried. right now. I can barely walk I’m so sore.”
After we showered, we changed the sheets and slept for a full day and night, making up for the lack of sleep over the previous week.
And now, two weeks later, I get to tell my mate the good news. I can’t wait to see his face when I tell him that waiting nearly a year before trying for another pup has not only worked, but it worked a little too well.
When he walks into our room, I have it set up with candles lit, the lights turned off. I haven’t always known I was pregnant before he smelled the change in my hormones. It was only with our daughter that I knew before he did. So, I want to
+15 BONOS
make this special. I know he'll be as excited as I am. We both want a house full of our pups. Sarah and Dustin are watching our little ones so I can have the evening to celebrate with the most amazing man in the world.
“What's all this, little angel?” He says, walking over to me and running his nose up and down my neck, grazing his canines over my mating mark, sending shivers throughout my body.
I wrap my arms around his neck, loving the feel of the tingles that have not lessened over time. “I have a surprise for you.”
“Mmmmam, I love surprises from my little mate.” He grabs me by my thighs, lifting me up until I wrap my legs around him. He begins kissing me as he walks
me to our bed.
“I see that you have someone watching the kids for us, so is my surprise a night alone with my delicious mate?” “Yes and no.” He lays me on the bed, sliding over top of me, kissing his way down my neck.
“Hmmm, what's the yes part first?”
“Yes, I do have Sarah and Dustin watching the kids for us so we can have tonight. together.” I gasp, trying to keep my wits about me as he unbuttons my top, kissing my chest.
“And the no part?” He asks, his voice deep and husky causing my core to clench while he unhooks my bra and pulls my shirt and bra off, tossing them on the floor.
“It's not just because I wanted alone time with you, I have something to tell you, Liam.” I say as he latches onto a breast, bringing my nipple to a hard peak as I moan softly. He pulls off with a soft pop.
“And what’s that baby girl?” He asks, moving to the other breast. My hand goes into his hair, tugging on it and holding him in place as I arch into his mouth.
“I pregnant.” I wait until he lifts his head to look me in the eye, a huge smile on his face.
“Must be another girl, since I haven’t smelled her yet.” He says, and I watch Cyran push forward, before he makes his way to my stomach to start sniffing for
her.
“Well, actually, we’re having twins.”
The end.
This story will continue in the third book, The Banished Beta’s Saving Grace.
+15 BONOS
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 292
**This is Book Three of the Guardians Trilogy. This book contains references to events that occurred in the first two books and spoilers for those books. It is recommended that you read The Broken Warrior’s Daughter and Alpha’s Guardian Angel before reading this, the final book in the trilogy.
Eli
I never expected to find my mate, much less in a small town in the middle of the Appalachian Mountains where I was just passing through. Even more surprising than her being under eighteen and nearly half my age, was the fact that she was human.
I had been on a bus, with a ticket paid for by an old foe, turned...not exactly friend, but no longer a foe. I had stuffed the envelope of money he'd given me deep into my backpack underneath the new clothes he'd also bought for me. All of them still had the price tags on.
When the bus had stopped for a two-hour layover, I had gotten off to find a place to eat. There was only one little mom and pop diner in the small town and when I walked into the rundown restaurant, I immediately smelled her scent. Cherry blossoms. Sweet and floral and a little exotic.
When she walked up to take my order, I realized something was off about her. While she smelled vaguely of the forest, she didn’t have the strong scent that all werewolves carry.
‘Louis, does she have a wolf?‘ I ask my wolf.
I can see him in my head tilting his head from side to side, his ears up like he’s trying figure her out. ‘No. I don’t sense a wolf. But...‘
‘But?' I ask.
‘I don’t know, there’s something, like maybe she’s a wolfless werewolf. She has power, but, well, I’m not sure. There’s something there.’
“Good afternoon. Welcome to the diner. Can I get you something to drink?” The minimal effort she gives me in smiling her fake smile is obvious.
“Just water. Thank you.”
Before I can say more, she’s turning on her heel and walking back to the kitchen. She’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. I know all werewolves say that about their mate, but this woman is definitely the most gorgeous woman in the
+15 BONOS world with her caramel-colored skin, eyes the color of milk chocolate and her straight dark hair cut short.
I watch her look up as the bell over the front door rings. When she brings my water, she also has additional menus for the newcomers.
“Hey Benny.” She says as she walks up to the newcomer. This time, her smile is warm and generous and Louis snarls in my head, unhappy with his mate giving attention to another man.
‘Easy Louis. She doesn’t recognize us as her mate. If we're going to take her as our mate, we'll have to plan to stay for awhile and get to know her. She won't recognize what we are to her without a wolf.‘ I try to calm him.
However, it’s the conversation that I hear after she walks away that concerns me. The humans don’t understand that the rash of “animal attacks” that they are seeing in this area are actually vampire attacks. There are tell-tale signs and based on what they are saying, the vampires are heading south. South, to the packs that just let me go, to the son of the woman I couldn’t protect so many years ago. I owe her, even if I don’t owe them.
I left the diner, without ordering anything, jogging to the nearest forest and shifting. Louis ran straight through without stopping. I had to be there in time. I had to warn Liam. I owed Luna Estella that. After everything she did for me, I couldn’t save her, but I could save him and repay that debt.
After warning Liam that the vampire attack was imminent, I headed straight back to the little town to find my mate. It was hard
enough to leave her the first time, but now the pull to her was so strong it was almost painful.
When I return, I find the only motel in town and get a room for a couple of nights. I need to learn all I can about my little mate, find out when she'll be eighteen, see if her parents are actually werewolves and if so, why they are living here, on the outskirts of a pack.
After putting my things in the motel room and finding a hiding spot for my money, I return to the diner. Through the window, I can see that my mate is working the nightshift tonight, so I head in and sit down, Louis and I relaxing as we take in her sweet, exotic scent.
As she comes around the corner of the kitchen, I watch as her body stiffens, her nose going up into the air, nostrils flaring.
When she looks into my eyes, hers are not only showing that she now has her wolf, but they are brimming with the bright gold of the Guardian, turning her chocolate—colored éyes to amber.
“Mate.” She whispers. 
###Chapter 293
Ten years old
“How’s my beautiful girl?” My dad asks me as I walk down the stairs of our packhouse on my 10th birthday. “Good morning Daddy. I’m good. I can’t wait to get my wolf today!”
I've been the apple of my father’s eye for ten years. He is always proudly taking me around, introducing me to our pack members and other pack members through the years. I walk over and hug him as he kisses the top of my head.
“Happy birthday sweetheart.” My mother says, coming up and kissing my cheek. “How do you feel? Any different yet?” “Not yet. Should I feel different?” “It can happen at any time today, Gracie. Don’t fret.” My father tells me, chucking me gently under the chin.
My parents have a big party planned for me tonight. I’m hoping that I can shift before my party and maybe I'll be lucky enough to run into my party as my wolf. As an Alpha female and my father’s only heir, it would be fitting. The pack would love it.
Everyone in the pack adores me, or at least respects my position as their future Alpha. As I go through my day, I’m continually wished a happy birthday and everyone asks if I’ve heard from my wolf yet.
As my party draws closer, I express my concern to my mother. “Mom, what if she doesn’t come before the party. What will I do?”
“Grace, honey, it’s okay. Your wolf will come when she’s ready. Just be patient. If she’s not here tonight, maybe she'll come tomorrow.”
I get ready for my party. My mom helps me with my hair, adding a little makeup and then the dress that we bought last weekend specifically for tonight.
She walks downstairs with me, looking regal in her own matching gown. My mother is an amazing Luna. She looks after everyone in the pack, making sure that their needs are addressed and that they know how important they are to her and my father.
My father is a good Alpha, strong and patient, at least with me. I’ve seen him. during warrior training and he can be fierce and intimidating, but that’s what a good Alpha is. He leads by example and I plan to do the same.
+15 BONOS
My mother guides me to the stage and I can tell my father is a little disappointed that I haven’t gotten my wolf yet. But he wishes me a happy birthday, giving me my favorite drink, a Shirley Temple, and makes a toast to me, the pack’s future Alpha.
As the days go by after my birthday, I become more and more concerned that my Wolf hasn’t made an appearance. Every day my father asks if she has awakened, and every day I have to tell him that she hasn't.
As the weeks go by, my relationship with my father changes. It’s as if he blames me for not having a wolf, as if I am purposefully keeping her from him. I begin to dread the mornings, when he asks me if I have my wolf.
Eventually, it becomes the only question he asks me. “Did your wolf awaken?” When I tell him no, it’s the last thing he says to me until the next morning when he asks again.
I find mom? Why don’t I have my wolf? Did I do something wrong? Is the Moon d I do something wrong? Is the Moon Goddess angry with me?” Every night, my mother holds me as I cry, rocking me and trying to soothe my anxiety and frustration. But there is nothing that can calm me, especially when my father continues ignoring me.
mom self crying to my mother every night. “Why? Why hasn’t she shown up.
As the weeks turn to months, my father’s anger only gets worse. I notice him snapping at my mother now too. “This is your fault.” He snarls at her one day. “I should never have taken such a weak wolf as a mate. I should have rejected you and taken an Alpha female as my mate.”
I dread my 11th birthday. My father starts the day as he always does. “Did your wolf awaken?” I swallow my tears, they only make him more angry. “No father.” His lip curls in disgust. “Well, we won't be having a party to celebrate tonight since there is nothing to celebrate.” He tells me before walking out.
One night, not long after my 11th birthday, I wake to sounds of violence. I rush out of my room to hear things slamming around in my parents’ room. I rush into their room, thinking we are under attack but what I see nearly stops my heart. My father has my mother against the wall, holding her by her neck. She has a bruise darkening on her cheek.
My father turns and sees me standing there. “Get out!” He yells at me. As much as I want to move, my feet work. Can't make +15 BONOS
He turns to my mother. “Tell her to get out unless you want her to watch as I force you to give me another heir, one worthy of being Alpha.”
My mother looks at me, her eyes showing the pain that she’s feeling at my father’s abuse. “Go on sweetheart. Go back to bed. Everything is fine.”
“It's not fucking fine.” He snarls at her and begins ripping at her clothes with his free hand, still holding her against the wall. “Go.” My mother mouths to me and I turn and run from the room, closing the door as I do. I don’t want anyone else to see what my father is doing to my mother.
The next morning, only my father emerges from their room. He asks me the usual question and when I say no, he mutters something about me being useless like my mother before heading downstairs.
I go to my parents‘ room, knocking before opening the door. My mother is limping toward the bathroom, her naked body riddled with bruises and dried. blood on her thighs. She turns, her eyes haunted. “Grace, honey, you shouldn’t be here.”
I close the door and walk to her. “He’s gone, let me help you mother.”
She nods and I help her walk to the bathroom. I start a warm bath for her and help her to get in, letting her body soak. While she does, I go back out to the bedroom, seeing the blood-stained sheets. I rip them off and replace them before the house omegas can see. I don’t know if this is the first time, but no one should know what has happened in this room.
I go back into the bathroom, leaning against the tub. “Mom, I’m so sorry, this is all my fault.” Her eyes were closed, but when I speak, she opens them and cups my face in her hand.
“Don't ever take the blame for what happened to me. You have no control over when your wolf emerges. I love you and I do not now, nor will I ever regret having you, my beautiful daughter.”
Over the next year, I find my mother is this state nearly every morning. My father begins asking two questions every day, one of me and one of my mother. “Has your wolf emerged?” and “Are you pregnant?”
This becomes out life, until my 12th birthday. 
###Chapter 294
I dread the morning of my 12th birthday. I know my father is getting more and more angry and if I don’t have my wolf on my birthday, it will set him off. Over the last two years, his anger and aggression have increased and the pack is suffering for it. Everyone walks on eggshells with my father now. No one comes to the packhouse any longer and I’m thankful because I don’t want anyone to see what he does to my mother. His abuse of her has gotten worse over I’m terrified that one day he will kill her.
the pas
past year.
The door to my room slams open, and I jerk up out of bed. “Well?” My father says without any preamble.
I just shake my head, no. He stalks toward me. “You worthless excuse for a daughter. You are nothing to me.”
He raises his hand to hit me and my mother comes flying in, out of nowhere, putting herself between me and him. His backhands her, his hand slamming into her cheek. Her head whips around, spit and blood flying from her mouth. He sneers down at my mother as she turns, steadying herself in front of me.
“Move.” He says. She doesn’t respond, but she doesn’t move. He stares at her a moment before turning to me. “Get out.” I look at him, not understanding what he means.
“Get. Out. Of. My. Packhouse! If I ever see you on my pack lands again, I will kill you myself.” He says before stalking out of my room, slamming the door.
“Mom? What did he mean?”
My mom is quiet for a couple of minutes. “Pack a bag. Pack light enough to be able to carry it, but enough to get you through for a weekend. Pack anything you can’t live without. I'll be back in five minutes.”
Five minutes later, my mother comes in with her own bag. I had thrown my favorite clothes and a couple of pictures into my overnight bag.
“Let’s go. Quickly and quietly.” My mother says, taking my hand and leading me down the stairs. She stops every few steps to listen before pulling me behind her and continuing our way down the stairs. When we get to the bottom, rather than going out the front door, she takes me down a hallway and out the omega’s
entrance. Once we're outside, we begin jogging toward the forest line. My mother sees +15 BONOS
some of our border patrols and pulls me behind a tree. When they pass, she moves on until my father’s Gamma steps in our way.
“Where are you going Paige?” He says as my mother stops in front of him and pulls me behind her. “He banished her, Jack. I can’t let her leave on her own. I won't. Are you going to stand in my way?”
He looks at my mother then at me before shaking his head. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out some money. “Get as far away as possible. Get on a bus or rent a car but get far away from here as quickly as you can. He may have banished her, but he won't let you go easily. I’ll you as long as possible.
Cor for
“Thank you, Jack.” My mother says before hugging him quickly. He says something in her ear, but I can’t hear what it is. Then, my mother grabs my hand and we are running again. We’re only a mile or so from the pack borders when the howl goes up.
then Immediately, my mother hands me her bag. “Get on my back.” She says, shifts into her wolf. I climb on her back and she takes off. My mother may not have been born an Alpha female, but she has been mated to an Alpha wolf and been a Luna for over a decade. Not only that, but she is determined to keep me safe. She runs as fast as she can.
It's 10 miles to the nearest human town. My mother runs through rivers and streams whenever possible to help try to throw the pack off our scent. When we are right outside the town, she shifts back, and I throw her some clothes. We run into the town and find the bus station. We find a bus that is leaving in 15 minutes and she buys two tickets.
We get onto the bus and sit in the back, sliding down as low as possible in the seats. It’s not until the bus doors close and we start moving that we both breathe a sigh of relief. We stay low in the seats until we are well away from the city.
###Chapter 295
At the first bus station, my mother pulls us off the bus and we buy tickets to another destination. This continues through three more bus stations, changing destinations midway through our journey.
When we finally get to a place where she decides we can stay, it’s the middle of the night two days later. I’m exhausted and there is only one motel in this small town. We crash on the bed and I fall asleep immediately. I realize, somewhere in the back of my mind, that my 12th birthday present was escaping from my father, and I know it’s the best present that I’ve ever been given. For today, my mother and I are safe..
Mom decided that we could stay in this small town. She said that we were not on any pack territory and although there are packs around, in this part of the Appalachian Mountains, they stay to themselves.
My mother enrolls me in school and she gets a job at the only diner in town. She finds a place for rent, what the humans call a mother-in-law apartment. It isn’t much, but it is safe and I don’t have to wake up to my mother healing from bruises or worse every morning.
It's nearly a year before it starts. Every day after school, I go to the diner and sit at the ice cream bar. I do my homework while I wait for my mother to finish her shift. She works double shifts every day, so that we will have enough money in case we ever have to run again.
On this particular day, everything is normal, until suddenly, my mother drops. her tray and doubles over in pain. Her initial cry alerts the owner, who is also the cook. He comes running out and sees her on the floor, writhing in pain.
“What happened?” He asks.
I am already at her side. “I don’t know, she just doubled over and cried out.”
“I'll call an ambulance, we need to get her to a hospital.” Benny, the owner says. s of
“No!” My mother says. Looking at me, she says, “Sweetie, go get me a glass water, I'll be okay in a minute.” I can see the effort it takes for her to even get those words out.
“Mom, no, Benny is right.”
Benny looks at my mom and something passes between them. “Go get your +15 BONOS
mother a glass of water.”
I don’t know what my mother tells Benny, but when I come back, he’s got my mother sitting up. I bring her the water and she drinks it down. “I’m okay. “Paige, I can handle one evening. I'll call someone in. Go home and rest.”
Mom nods and Benny helps her stand up. “Grace, take your mother home and get her into bed.”
I go collect my things and before I leave, Benny gives me a to-go box for dinner.” Let me know if she needs anything overnight.” He says before I help my mother back to our apartment.
When I get her into bed, my mother takes my hand. “Sit down Grace, we need to talk.”
I sit down next to her on the bed. “Sweetheart, do you understand what happened today?”
rs in her eyes um I shake my head, no. She takes my hand and I can see the important thing is, I think you are safe from your father now. I think that he has stopped searching for us.”
She isn’t looking at me, she’s staring at our hands, clasped together. “But, he has taken another lover.” She looks up at me. “You understand what this means?” I shake my head.
She swallows, fighting tears. “It means that your father is cheating on our mate bond. When that happens in a mated relationship, the person being cheated on can feel it. It feels like you are being stabbed with a knife over and over. From what I've heard, the feeling continues as long as the cheating continues, meaning every time that your father is with another woman, I will feel it. I can only guess that this will become more and more frequent. I need you to understand because I don’t want you to worry.”
“But what will happen to you?”
She looks down at our joined hands again. “The longer it goes on, the weaker I will become, until one day, my wolf will give up and we will die.”
###Chapter 296
Chapter 0296 That conversation with my mother happened five years ago. My father’s
infidelity killed her slowly over three years. In the end, I believe my father took another mate. My mother had been getting weaker and weaker, but that last day, her scream of pain was something I will never forget.
It was my sixteenth birthday. My mother had taken the day off to celebrate with me. So many of my birthdays had been ruined by my father, but this one ended up being the worst.
The day had started out amazing. We'd gone to a local river, hiking through the forest. Mom wasn't able to shift any more, her wolf had become too weak over the years, but we still made the most of our time.
It was while we were having dinner, in the evening, the time when parties and events would have occurred in the pack, that it happened. At first, mother stopped, food midway to her mouth. She had such a strange look on her face, but then it happened. She grabbed her neck where her mating mark was and screamed. I ran to her and held her, used to her ‘episodes‘ by now. But this time, it was more than she could survive
She died in my arms, leaving me alone in the world at sixteen.
If it wasn’t for Benny, I don’t know what would have happened to me. I probably would have ended up in the human foster care system. But, I had already started working at the diner, covering for my mother. Mom had told Benny that she had cancer. It’s not something that werewolves get, given their healing power, but Benny didn’t know my mom was a wolf, so it worked.
So, he let me work in her place when she was “sick” and when she passed, he covered for me, letting me continue working for him and making sure that I finished school.
He retired from cooking a few months ago, but he still comes in every day, keeping an eye on me and the diner.
I'm always careful when the buses come through. Lots of transient people hit on me thinking they can have an easy one-night stand or a ‘quickie‘ with me. Benny makes sure that I stay safe, but I’m always careful when the bus people, as I call them, come in to eat during their layover.
Several days before my 18th birthday, a giant of a man came in, reminding me of the warriors in my old pack. It wasn’t so much that he was tall, I’m fairly tall fora woman at 5'11", but he was broad and muscular. He stared at me when he first
came in, then disappeared before he ordered food. It was bizarre and I was concerned that he might be a werewolf, but he was a bus person, so who knows.
On my
18th birthday, I wake up, having no intention of celebrating. My birthdays have become something not worth remembering. I didn’t get my wolf, my father banished me and my mother died. Who wants to celebrate a day where these. awful things happen? The only positive is that I am officially an adult by human standards and no one can force me to leave now.
However, all my plans go out the window when I’m in the shower and I hear her. ‘Oh Grace, you've been through so much waiting for me. I’m sorry it took so long. “Who is that?” I say, looking past the shower curtain to see the bathroom is empty.
‘It's me Grace, your wolf. My name is Maia.
“I don’t have a wolf. I’m too old to get my wolf.” I say out loud.
‘No, I’ve always been a part of you, but I had to wait before I awakened.‘
‘Wait for what?’ I ask in my head. If it's not my wolf, I won’t get a response.
‘I had to wait for the Guardian spirit that was meant to be ours. His life was longer than it was meant to be. The Moon Goddess granted the wish of another Guardian and spared his life. I've been waiting to awaken until I received my Guardian spirit."
‘So, you're real? You're my wolf?‘
‘Yes Grace. You won't ever be alone again. I will always be with you.’
I hadn't realized just how lonely I felt until now, causing tears to run down my cheeks.
‘Maia. It’s good to finally meet you."
‘It's good to meet you too Grace.”
At work, I told Benny that I needed the evening off. When he asked, I told him it was my birthday and I hadn’t planned to celebrate, but I changed my mind. He grabbed me a cupcake and told me to go enjoy my evening.
0 +15 BONOS
###Chapter 297
That night, I went into the forest surrounding the small town. When Maia confirmed that we were alone, I stripped off my clothes and let her begin the first shift. It was agonizing. Usually, the human form shifts at age 10 when the body isn’t fully developed. My first shift being at 18 and without any family or a mate to assist made it excruciating.
After hours of my bones slowly breaking and rearranging, I lay panting on the forest floor. Maia pushes forward and picks us up off the ground. We’re wobbly, not being used to being on four paws.
I'm mesmerized by everything. Suddenly, I can hear things in the forest that were quiet before. I can smell the river where my mom and I hiked on my birthday two years ago. I can hear and smell the small animals of the forest, foraging for food or moving around in their little dens for the evening. My eyesight is sharper and where I couldn’t see in the dark before, now everything is clear.
Maia takes off at a run and I let her have control. Her yip of excitement causing me to be excited for her. We run until we smell a stronger scent of the forest. ‘It's a pack. We should be careful to stay off their pack lands.‘ Maia tells me.
We tu
and run in another direction, until we come to another pack territory several miles away. Again we turn, being careful not to cross into the pack’s lands and continue our run. When we get to the river, Maia slows to a walk. She takes us to the edge of the river and looks into the water. My wolf is mostly black, with colors of light and dark brown intermixed giving her fur an exotic look that I've never seen on another wolf.
“You're beautiful Maia.” After running all night, we head back, and I’m able to get some sleep before going to work the next day.
It's been over a week since Maia showed up and I’ve settled into a new routine. I go to work, during the day and at night I let Maia run, Now that I have her, I’ve begun thinking about what I should be doing. She says that as a Guardian, we have a purpose, but she either doesn’t know what it is, or she’s not telling me.
I'm enjoying my enhanced senses. Everything is new. I’ve learned that the cook has a crush on me and has since he started here. I learned that Benny tells everyone my mother made him my guardian before her death, and that’s why no
one ever bothered me. I learned that humans have a rather boring smell, but werewolves smell great, like the forest. +15 BONOS
Maia and I skirt along the pack lines at night, taking in the scents. I can tell she misses being a part of a pack, but I have no intentions of going back to my father’s pack and she agrees, knowing everything that my mother and I endured. So, it’s a bit startling when I hear the doorbell chime one evening, as I’m getting close to getting off work. The first scent to hit my nose is the forest. It's the first werewolf that has come in since I got Maia. I’m not sure how to react. Should I be nervous, or will it be fine. I don’t know if I smell like a rogue to other wolves. Since I didn’t get my wolf when I was 10, I wasn’t technically banished from a pack like a normal wolf. It’s different when a human is banished.
Maia jumps up in my head. ‘Maia, is everything okay?‘ I ask her. ‘I need to see him.‘ She says. So I brace myself and walk out of the kitchen.
As soon as I do, I smell it, sandlewood and cedar. It smells like the forest, and home and something sensual and mouthwatering all at once.
I turn to look around the room, wanting to know who the person is that smells so good and that’s when I see him. It’s the man from over a week ago and he’s
looking right at me.
Maia pushes forward. “Mate.” She says quietly.
I huge smile spreads across his face. “Mate.” He repeats.
###Chapter 298
The irony of this situation is not lost on me, proving that the Moon Goddess does, indeed, have a sense of humor. I kidnapped a Guardian nearly a year ago to forcibly take her as my mate. She ended up being underage, so me trying to mark her didn’t work.
While I’ve seen the error of my ways and realize what I did was a terrible thing, here I am, looking into the eyes of my mate, who is also a Guardian.
She walks over to me, eyeing me cautiously. “What can I get you to drink?” She
asks me.
“I'd like a water, your name and what time you get off work. I think we have some things to discuss, don’t you?” “Water. Coming right up.” Before she can turn away from me, I grab her hand. ” And your name?”
I hear someone standing up behind me. She looks past me. “It’s okay, Benny.”
She turns back to me. “My name is Grace and I don’t think we have anything to talk about. Are you going to leave before you order food, or should I really bring your water this time?”
Okay, the sass is turning me on. Well, if I’m honest, anything my mate does will most likely turn me on, but I love a girl who is strong and sassy. Not that I have much experience with them. I've been on the run for years and in a cell for the past 6 months having my ass beaten nearly every day.
“I'm not going anywhere Grace.” She nods and turns to head in the back to get my water. I feel the man, Benny, walking up behind me. “Son, unless you want a world of trouble, you better leave that little girl alone.”
I stand, turning to face the man who may be tall, but he’s not as tall as I am, he’s lean where I’m broad, making him half my size, physically, if that, and he’s at least twice my age, not to mention, he’s human. “Sir, with all due respect, I don’t have any intention of hurting Grace, but I do need to speak with her.”
To his credit, he doesn’t back down from what is obviously a fight he can’t win. Before he says something that will piss me off, Grace is there, getting in between.
1.US. “Benny, go sit down, I’ve got this.” She turns and looks up at me, but not a lot, my girl is tall. “You!” She points her finger in my face. “Sit down.”
And I know in that moment that my girl is an Alpha. I can feel the power of her aura pushing out. I’m not even sure she realizes it. I do as she commands, not entirely of my own free will. Damn.
She leans over the table and her delicious scent of cherry blossoms fills my nostrils. “I get off in 30 minutes. I'll talk to you then. Do you want food?”
I smirk at her because I can tell that her being this close to me is having an effect on her too. She may be acting like she’s all kinds of pissed off with me, but I can smell her arousal at being this close to her mate. “I'll take whatever your favorite is.”
She smirks back at me, and I realize I may have made a mistake. When she returns, I chuckle. A banana split. Not my choice of dinner, but I'll deal with it for one night. I eat slowly, watching her as she goes around taking orders, cleaning tables, and talking to any customer that isn’t me.
I have so many questions for her. Where are her parents? Why is she working, being that she’s an Alpha? Why is she working in a diner in a human town outside of any pack land? Does she know she’s a Guardian? If so, does she understand that as soon as the word gets out that a Guardian has passed away,
country will be searching for her, putting her at great risk. Does she understand the mate bond? Most werewolves respond differently to finding their mate than she did. She almost acted as if she was angry that I’m her mate. I hope she doesn’t think I'll let her reject me. Not happening.
every Alpha male in the the
I need to contact Rik Forte, Alpha of the Canyon Ridge pack, and find out which Guardian died. I’m guessing it was during the battle with the vampires. It won’t matter if it was Clint or Angel, both Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls packs will be in mourning. They need to know that I’ve found their reincarnated Guardian. I don’t know why Grace is here, in this small town, but she will need to be protected if she won't allow me to mark her right away. The safest place for her will be with the other Guardians and me, her mate.
There’s a lot for us to emotionally unpack in our first conversation.
When her 30 minutes are up, she comes to collect the dishes from my table before going behind the counter and disappearing into the back. I perk up my ears, ensuring that she doesn’t plan to sneak out the back. I’m pleasantly surprised when she returns, with a purse hanging across her neck and chest, and sits down
across from me. She stares at me a moment. “Well? You wanted to talk? Talk.”
“Not here, I'll walk you home.”
“I don’t think so. I have no intention of letting you know where I live.”
I lean forward. “You know what I am, so you know that I can track you. I don’t think you want your human friend to hear our conversation, do you?”
She looks past me and realizes that he’s watching us and trying to listen in on our conversation. She stands. “Goodnight Benny.” She says and waits for me to stand up and follow her out. Before we walk out the door, Benny calls out to her. “Call me and let me know you're okay Gracie.”
She nods and we step outside. I have so many questions, but as jealousy flares in my gut, Louis thrashing around in my head, the first one that comes out of my mouth has nothing to do with anything I’d been thinking about. “What is he to you? Benny. He’s old enough to be your father.”
“Old enough to be my grandfather, and he’s most likely the reason that I didn’t end up in the human foster care system. And you're not exactly one to talk about being old. What are you, forty?”
I scoff at her comment about my age. I want to know more about Benny, but that will do for now. “My name is Eli, I’m 32, and does that mean that your parents are dead?”
“My mother is dead, I have no idea about my father, nor do I care.” “But you're an Alpha.” She turns, looking at me startled. “How do you know that?”
“Uh, because you commanded me back there to sit down and I felt your Alpha 
###Chapter 299
Chapter 0299 There’s a lot for us to emotionally unpack in our first conversation.
When her 30 minutes are up, she comes to collect the dishes from my table before going behind the counter and disappearing into the back. I perk up my ears, ensuring that she doesn’t plan to sneak out the back. I’m pleasantly surprised when she returns, with a purse hanging across her neck and chest, and sits down
across from me.
She stares at me a moment. “Well? You wanted to talk? Talk.”
“Not here, I'll walk you home.”
“I don’t think so. I have no intention of letting you know where I live.”
I lean forward. “You know what I am, so you know that I can track you. I don’t think you want your human friend to hear our conversation, do you?”
She looks past me and realizes that he’s watching us and trying to listen in on our conversation. She stands. “Goodnight Benny.”
her out.
She says and waits for me to stand up and follow
Before we walk out the door, Benny calls out to her. “Call me and let me know you're okay Gracie.”
She nods and we step outside. I have so many questions, but as jealousy flares in my gut, Louis thrashing around in my head, the first one that comes out of my mouth has nothing to do with anything I’d been thinking about. “What is he to you? Benny. He’s old enough to be your father.”
“Old enough to be my grandfather, and he’s most likely the reason that I didn’t end up in the human foster care system. And you're not exactly one to talk about being old. What are you, forty?”
I scoff at her comment about my age. I want to know more about Benny, but that will do for now. “My name is Eli, I’m 32, and does that mean that your are dead?”
“My mother is dead, I have no idea about my father, nor do I care.”
“But you're an Alpha.
She turns, looking at me startled. “How do you know that?”
parents
“Uh, because you commanded me back there to sit down and I felt your Alpha ?+15 BONOS
aura pushing over me.” I watch as surprise crosses her features and I raise an eyebrow. “You didn’t realize you were commanding me?”
She shakes her head. “No, I didn’t mean to. I just didn’t want you hurting Benny.” “What is your wolf's name?” I shift the conversation.
“Maia.”
“And I’m correct that you just got Maia since I saw you a week ago and you didn’t have a wolf then?” “Yes, she awakened on my 18th birthday.”
“Happy belated birthday.” I make a note to get her a birthday present, although I have no idea what.
She shrugs. “I don’t particularly care for my birthday. I have too many negative memories surrounding it. Getting Maia actually made this one worth celebrating.”
I don’t push on that, but I plan to learn more about why her birthdays haven’t been good. I’m getting a bad feeling about her being an Alpha, not caring about her father, losing her mother and not getting her wolf until she was 18. It's quite possible that her father banished her, thinking she was a wolfless wolf. It wouldn’t be the first time I'd heard of Alpha children being banished or abused because they ‘disappointed’ their parents by not getting a wolf.
“Maia.” I address her wolf. “Do you know what you are?” I watch her golden eyes come forward, Louis pushing forward as well to see his mate. “Yes, I am a Guardian.”
“And do you understand what that means?”
“As our mate, our destiny is to protect you.” Okay, that wasn’t what I was expecting. “Protect me from what?” I ask her.. “Anyone or anything that may threaten you.”
I blink a couple of times, clearing my head. “Okay, we'll come back to that. But, I don’t need your protection. However, I do believe that you need mine. Do you understand that if any Alpha finds you, they will try to force you into a mate bond with them. You are a powerful wolf and they will want you in their pack permanently.”
She stops and turns to look at me. “And what about you?”
“What about me?”
+15 BONOS
“Do you want me because I’m a powerful wolf?”
“I want you because the Moon Goddess fated us to be together. That means that you are the other half of my soul.”
“I don't believe in the mate bond.” That came from Grace. 
###Chapter 300
“This is me.” I tell him when we arrive at my apartment. Maia really could have given me the head's up about being this guy’s Guardian. I don’t know exactly what that means, but Maia is adamant that we are now bound to him. This man who is practically old enough to be my father but is actually my mate.
It's not that he’s unattractive. He has a dark and broody look to him, dark skin, dark hair, and dark eyes. Even through his clothes, I can tell that he’s ripped. His broad shoulders and chest look like solid muscle. His legs are the size of tree trunks, and I can see the muscle cutting lines through his jeans like they are molded to him.
But it doesn’t matter. I know how toxic the mate bond is. I lived it, watching my father mistreat my mother, then slowly watching her die. I refuse to put myself in that position.
“Thanks for walking me home. Good talk.” I step up to open my door when he takes my hand. “We're not done yet. We still have a lot to talk about.”
“I'm done talking. I gave you more time than I would normally give a stranger. I have things to do. Goodnight.” I pull my hand out of his and go inside, shutting the door in his face.
I wait about an hour before going outside. I sniff the air. I can still smell him, but he’s not waiting for me. I take a deep breath, smelling his sandlewood scent which lingers in the air. Why did our Moon Goddess have to make our mates smell so good. As if it wasn’t bad enough that shifters are physically attractive. already, but then you have to add a mouthwatering scent as well? It’s almost cruel.
I walk to the edge of the forest, quickly pulling off my clothes and shifting. I feel like someone is watching me, but as I look around and sniff the air, I can’t detect anyone nearby. I turn and let Maia run. We follow our usual path, going in one direction until we come to the pack boundary, then turning and going in the other direction until we get to the next pack’s boundary and finally to the river.
Maia drinks some water and turns to head home when I see him. He’s huge, easily the size of an Alpha wolf. He’s solid black, blending into the forest and the shadows. If the moon wasn’t so bright tonight, I doubt I would have even seen him.
Maia puts her nose in the air, breathing deeply. ‘It’s him.‘ She says, practically
+15 BONDS
purring in my head.
‘Who?’ I ask her.
‘Our mate, Eli and his wolf.‘ She starts to walk toward him.
‘What are you doing?”
‘Going to see our mate. I want to meet him.*
‘What? No! We're going home.*
We stare at him for a moment, while I battle with her in my head. ‘Fine.’ She finally gives in. “Thank you.’
When we get to where my clothes are, I can still feel him. I can’t walk in my wolf form to my apartment. I don’t want to change while he’s watching, but I don’t really have a choice. I turn my back from where I feel eyes on me and shift before putting on my clothes quickly and jogging home, locking my door behind me.
I'm not sure if I appreciate having someone watching over me, or if it feels like I have a stalker.
‘He’s watching over us.’ My love-sick wolf says. ‘He was making sure we were safe.’
‘Do you know what he meant about Alphas wanting to force us into a mate bond?‘ ‘Yes. The Guardians have a long history of being forced into mate bonds with Alphas who want to keep them in their packs. We provide strength and therefore power toa
pack we belong to. He is right. Once word gets out that a Guardian has died, every Alpha in the country will be looking for us. We'll have to be careful and stay away from other werewolves.’
‘Well, until today, it hasn’t been a problem, so we'll just keep doing what we’re doing.*
The next day is much the same. I get up and head to work. I’m only there a few minutes, when I hear the bell ring over the door, and I smell his scent. I may not have allowed Eli into my home, but I can’t exactly kick him out of the diner.
He orders food and literally sits in the seat until the end of my shift. “You know, most people eat and leave.” 
x 
###Chapter 301
“I'll leave when you do. You may be done talking but I’m not.” He says and I sigh.
“I'm not sure you realize how at risk you are. I have some ideas for you, but we need to talk privately.” “Fine.” I go
behind the counter to clock out and get my purse before walking up to him. “Let's go.”
We walk outside. “You know, until you came along, I wasn’t ‘at risk’ of anything.” I use my fingers to make air quotes when I say at risk.
“Up until a week ago, you didn’t have a wolf either. Now, you not only have a wolf, but you have a Guardian. Add to that, you're an Alpha female, and every male Alpha on the planet will be looking for you very soon. Word of Clint’s death. will travel fast.”
I feel Maia flinch in my head. ‘Maia, what is it?* ‘I remember Clint and Donovan. Donovan was the wolf with the Guardian spirit before me and Clint was his human.” “How do you know Clint?” I direct my question to Eli.
“I know all three Guardians or did. I don’t have the best reputation with all of them. However, I called the Alpha of Canyon Ridge Pack last night, to find out which Guardian had died. They recently went to war with some vampires and one of the Guardians was killed, which is how you ended up with your Guardian. spirit.”
at you you
I nod. “They want you to come there to visit them. I told Rik, the Alpha, that have some things going on, but I’d try to convince you to go to their pack. You'll be safe there until you agree to let me mark
you.”
I stop and slowly turn to look at him. “Excuse me? Mark me?”
He turns and stands over me. “Yeah, you know, my canines go into your neck at your marking spot, yours go into mine and then we mate, solidifying the bond.”
“I don’t think so old man. Not happening. And I’m perfectly happy where I’m at.”
“You're perfectly happy working in a human diner, skirting around pack. territories at night, hoping that they don’t realize what you are and try to force you into their pack so their Alpha or his heir can mark you?”
He takes my chin between his thumb and forefinger, getting so close that I can feel his breath on my lips, his eyes boring into mine. “And I’m not old.”
I scoff at him but I have to admit, his close proximity is having an effect on me. I can feel the heat pooling in my center and that is nothing compared to Mala purring in my head. I swear she’s ready to shift then smack him in the face with her tail before presenting her backside to him. How did I end up with a hussy for at wolf?
‘lm not a hussy. He’s our mate and look at him. He’s big and strong. I wonder if every part of his body is as big as what we can see.’ She drools over our mate.
“Seriously Maia?‘ ‘Well, if you won't...‘ And before I realize what she’s going to do, she’s pushed me forward enough to close the distance between
us, my lips pressing against his. Before I can react and pull back, he’s moved his hand to the back of my head, holding it in place while he tilts his head, his warm, soft lips pressing against mine hungrily before sliding his tongue across my lips.
I'm overwhelmed by his smell. The taste of him on my lips is making me dizzy and I moan without realizing it. As soon as I do, his tongue sweeps into my mouth and a soft growl comes from deep in his chest. I grab hold of his shirt, my head spinning with the sensations that he’s causing. His other arm comes around me, holding me up as my knees go weak.
His tongue dominates my mouth, tasting me, teasing me. I hope he’s not
disappointed with my inexperience. My one previous kiss was at age 8, where a pack member in my class stole a kiss at school. Other than that, I haven't exactly had the opportunity to kiss anyone.
Wait! What am I doing? I push away from him. “That, that can never happen again.”
He gives me a cocky grin before leaning forward and rubbing his nose against mine. “Your wolf seems to disagree.” He says and kisses my nose before letting me go. 
###Chapter 302
I'm pleasantly surprised when Grace pushes forward and kisses me. I don't waste any time taking what she is offering. It becomes apparent to me quickly that she is inexperienced, but her tentative exploration only excites me more.
When she pushes away from me, I can see that her wolf and the mate bond overwhelmed her. I'm fine with that. Louis keeps pushing me to mark her and make her ours. But I made that mistake before, trying to push someone into a mate bond they didn't want. I refuse to do it again.
It was one of the first questions that Rik asked me when I called him last night, if I had forced the mate bond on Grace. After letting him know that she's my fated mate and no, I have not yet marked her, he and I both agreed that this situation is not ideal. Her being a young, Alpha female who is also a Guardian, alone in the world, puts her at risk. I also told him that there is something going on with her past and I plan to find out what it is. I let him know that she may not be as willing to leave here as he and I would like. If I can't convince her to come on her own, we agreed to pull out the big guns.
We begin walking again. "Will you tell me about your father?"
"Why do you care?" She asks me. Yeah, there's definitely a story there. Anyone that has seen the mate bond in action would know that I care because she's mine. I would want to help her anyway, but her being my mate seals the deal
"I care because I'm your mate. But beyond that, it seems like you're out here on your own when you have a parent that should be looking out for you, but isn't."
As we walk up onto her porch, 1 stop and look at her. "If I had to guess, I'd say that as an Alpha, your father didn't like that you didn't have your wolf. He either banished you or began abusing you. I'm guessing your mother got you out of that environment or came with you in your banishment. If that's the case, then the severed mate bond would be what killed your mother slowly, over time. How am I doing so far?" I ask her, but I can see by the look on her face that I've hit home.
She turns, opening her front door before walking in. Tonight, she doesn't close the door in my face. I stand at the door watching her. "Well, you may as well come in." She says, when she sees that I'm standing outside.
I step inside to a place that's as small as my hotel room and that's saying something, especially when this space has a kitchen as well. I can almost see the benefits of Grace working in the diner. At least there she can get a real meal. This kitchen only has a small refrigerator, sink and small counter space with a hot plate and microwave, no stove. She puts a pot of water on the hot plate to heat and grabs some tea bags from one of the two cabinets.
"Tea?" She asks me and I nod. I don't usually drink tea, but if it gives me more time with my mate, I will.
I watch as she pulls out two mugs, the only two mugs she has and places a tea bag in each, waiting for the tea pot to whistle. When it does, she pours the hot water into each cup.
"Cream or sugar?" She asks.
"I'll take it however you make it."
She leaves it without cream or sugar and brings it over to a small table, sitting both mugs on the table. "You can sit in the chair." She tells me as she sits on the floor. Rather than taking the only chair in the room, I sit on the floor opposite her.
###Chapter 303
I can see her mind working as she stares into her tea. I stay quiet, waiting her out. “My father was a great father and Alpha for the first ten years of my life. I was his only child, the Alpha heir. When I didn’t get my wolf at age 10, he was patient at first. But then, over time, he became angry and he changed. Eventually, he began taking it out on my mother, trying to get her to conceive another heir, one worthy of being Alpha.” She stresses the word worthy, and I’m guessing that was his word.
“He banished me when I was 12. My mother refused to let me leave alone. I would have died on my own, and she knew it. We ran and found this place. For the first year, we watched every move we made, every person we saw. We were ready to run at any moment. Mom was working as many hours as Benny would give her so she could stockpile cash in case we had to run again.”
She stirs her tea, pulling her tea bag out and putting it on her spoon, setting it aside. “Eventually, he began having sexual relations with other women. I didn’t completely understand it at first. Mom just said he was cheating on the mate bond. But as time went on, it happened more and more frequently. My mom became weak, unable to shift into her wolf anymore.”
She takes a sip of her tea before continuing. “On my sixteenth birthday, something happened. Whatever he did, it killed my mother.” A sad smile crosses. her face, her eyes unfocused with her memory. “We had spent a wonderful day together. We’d gone hiking in the forest and were having dinner together when it happened. I’m sure he knew exactly what day it was, since he’d ruined several of my birthdays at that point.”
“What do you think he did?” I ask quietly, trying not to pull her out of this state she was in, caught in her memories, speaking and remembering at the same time. “I think he marked another she—wolf, taking another mate, knowing it would kill my mother.”
“So, that’s why you don’t believe in the mate bond?”
She looks at me, the faraway look clearing and a fierce resolve replacing it.” Would you? I’ve seen what the mate bond does. I've seen it at its best and I’ve seen it at its worst. I have no intention of ever letting you or any other man have that kind of power over me.
me.
I nod, because what can I say. Her story isn’t the only one where someone abused the mate bond. Many Alphas feel that they are above the pull of the mate bond or
that it is a binding that chains them, making them weak. However, I've seen what a positive mate bond looks like. I’ve seen the relationship between Rik and Cara, as well as Liam and Angel. There is nothing about the mate bond that made those Alphas weak. If anything, it made them stronger, better Alphas.
“Not everyone is like your father.” I say quietly. “But how would I know if they were or weren't. If you would ever become like that.” “How about you agree to spend time with me and get to know me before you assume that I’m like your father.”
She's already shaking her head. “My dad was different until I didn’t get my wolf. If I had, I may never have known what he was really like.”
“Your father is an asshole. Not all men or werewolves are like that. I can tell your now, even if I was a complete jerk, Louis, my wolf, would never let me treat my mate or pup like you have been treated.” “You don’t know that.” She says quietly.
“I do know that. I’ve lived most of my life without a father and all of my life without a mother. I would never wish that on anyone, especially not my own child.” I tell her. 
###Chapter 304
When Eli tells me he’s spent most of his life without parents, I’m shocked. I wasn’t expecting that. “What happened to them?” I ask. If I’m telling my story, he should tell his too.
“My mother died giving birth to me.” He stops, his jaw tightening.
“And your father?” I ask quietly. I can tell that this won’t be as simple as his mother’s death.
The muscle in his jaw twitches before he answers. “The short version is my father challenged our Alpha heir to a duel after he caused the death of my older brother, the future Beta. The Alpha forbade it, but his son agreed. My father in his grief, killed the Alpha heir, the only child of our Alpha.” He stops and takes a sip of his tea before looking back up at me.
“The Alpha forced me to watch as he beheaded my father, blamed him for the death of my brother and the Alpha heir, called him a traitor, then he banished me. I was 12, so I understand your mother’s concern about not surviving alone at that age. I almost died as well.”
I swallow hard trying to get past the lump in my throat. Our stories are very similar, only he didn’t have a mother to help him. “How did you survive?” I ask him.
He looks away from me, a small smile gracing his face. “The Luna of a nearby pack found me after I had been on my own for six months. I was starving, dying really. She brought me clothes, food and would bring stories and read to me. Those few months with her were the only time in my life I've ever had a mother figure.”
There’s obviously more to the story. “What happened.”
He sighs. A deep, heavy sigh that seems to come from his soul. “The Alpha that banished me wanted more power. He wanted another heir. So, he attacked the pack. I heard that he planned to kill the Luna in order to weaken her mate so he could kill him more easily.”
His voice becomes strained like he’s choking back tears. “I tried to save her, but I was too late.” He drinks his tea, and we sit in silence for a few minutes. “Did your previous Alpha defeat the Alpha of the other pack?”
“No, Alpha Leander killed him. However, they thought I was the one that killed Luna Estella, and they hunted me for almost 20 years. I'd only recently been
released from Liam’s dungeon when I found you. Okay, that took an unexpected turn. “Who is Liam and why were you in his dungeon?” “Liam is the only child of Alpha Leander and Luna Estella. When his father passed away, he began hunting me.”
I'm at a total loss for words, I don’t even know what to say. His life has been worse than mine and I didn’t think that was possible. “How did you escape?”
He gives me a rueful smile. “I didn’t. His mate, another Guardian, could tell that I was speaking the truth when I said I didn’t kill Luna Estella. After that, he bought me some clothes, gave me some money and put me on a bus that led me to you. “So you see,” he continues, “I know all about shitty Alphas. But I also know that they aren’t all that way. Alpha Liam and the Alpha I spoke to about you, Alpha Rik, they are good Alphas. They are both mated to Guardians, and they all seem very happy.”
We sit in silence for a while, both of us lost in our memories and the stories we've told each other. I finally break the silence. “Where did you go? When you left a couple weeks ago. It seemed you left in a hurry.”
He nods. “I was listening to the humans in the diner. They were talking about the animal attacks in the area.”
“Yeah, I remember. I was a huge problem. Animals were attacking and killing people and then as suddenly as it started, it ended.” I tell him.
“They weren't animals, they were vampires. The same vampires that were heading south to kill Alpha Liam and Alpha Rik’s packs and take their Guardians hostage as blood bags. Alpha Liam’s mate, Luna Angel, was held captive for seven years by a vampire prince. I had to warn them.” He takes a deep breath. couldn’t save Luna Estella, but I could and did give her son sufficient warning so he could save himself.” 
###Chapter 305
Wait. You went back to the guy who had you in his dungeon for however many months to warn him that the vampires were coming?”
“Yes,” “Why?”
“It was the right thing to do. But also, I owed a debt to Luna Estella, at least in my heart. She saved me, when no one else would help me. I couldn’t save her, but I could save her son.
“You have a weird sense of honor.” I tell him.
He thinks for a minute. “What if Benny found out what you are and fired you, maybe forced you to leave this town. He’s helped you, protected you to some level, from what I can see.” I nod my head, not sure where he’s going with this. “Even if he turned against you, and you found out someone was going to hurt him, wouldn’t you still feel the need to warn him?”
I think about it, then nod my head. “I guess so. I honestly don’t know. I’ve never been in that situation.”
We've long since finished our tea. “So, do you want to go for a run with me, instead of following me like a creeper tonight.” I say giving him a half smile.
He smiles back. “I’d love to. But I would suggest staying farther away from those pack boundaries. The last thing you need is to have them come sniffing around wondering about the lone female wolf that keeps hovering around their borders.” “Well, I won’t be alone tonight, will 1?” I ask before standing up and putting our. mugs in the sink.
He follows me and we head out to the forest. I walk behind a tree to take
my clothes off. Eli, on the other hand, seems to have no problem with nudity. I vaguely remember living in the pack and nudity was something common since people were always shifting either from human to wolf or wolf to human. But I’ve been living in the human world for six years and they frown on the whole walking around naked thing.
When I'm done, I shift and Maia walks out. She sees Louis and walks over to him. Well, prances might be a better term. If she were a human, those hips would be swinging. She walks up to him, nuzzling him before taking her face and rubbing it down the length of his body. Then she swats him in the face with her tail and
takes off. Pretty much exactly as 1 expected, my wolf is a hussy.
‘lm not a hussy. He’s our mate and look at him. He’s perfect.’ She purrs. ‘Did you want to roll over and show him your tummy too?’ I ask her.
‘I would it I thought you'd let me.‘
“You do, and I’m disowning you as my wolf. We're Alpha females, we don’t submit.”
‘We do if it's our mate.”
I roll my eyes, in my head, since we’re now in wolf form. Maia is darting in and around trees, while Louis chases us, periodically nipping at her heels.
She’s having a great time, running with her mate. We're not really paying attention to our surroundings, as Maia is too busy flirting with Louis, until the scent hits us. We're close to the first pack border, but tonight, there are wolves standing there. They must have been waiting for us.
Maia goes to turn and run off in the other direction, when two wolves jump out in front of us, cutting her off. Just as she turns again to try and evade them, Louis jumps over her body, attacking the two wolves as three more come up on his
flank.
With a vicious snarl, Maia turns to face the three new wolves.
Cooper Author
Thanks everyone for being on this journey with me! I hope you are enjoying Eli and Grace’s story so far. As with the first two books, I will be updating every day. I’m hoping to have a fourth book a prequel telling Clint and Lily’s story out in the next couple of weeks, so keep a look out! And as always, let me know your thoughts Tread all your comments and appreciate all of your feedback and support! 
###Chapter 306
I hadn't intended to tell Grace my history, or at least not yet, but it seems to have opened her up. Maybe our similar stories will help her see that I’m not all bad and can possibly be trusted, if not as her mate, maybe as her friend.
I'm thrilled that she asks me to run with her. I would have anyway, since I need to protect her, especially with the nearby packs. I didn’t like how close to their boundaries she ran last night. It puts her at too much risk. All they have to do is see her eyes to know what she is. Only Guardians have golden eyes.
Louis is beside himself in his happiness playing with Maia. She’s definitely all in with the mate bond. He’s enjoying the chase, periodically nipping at her heels when we smell them. I hadn’t realized how close we’d gotten to the pack’s border, but there are three standing at the border, almost as if they are waiting for Maia to show up, and they probably are. If this is her pattern, they would have picked up her scent and would be waiting to confront her about why she’s constantly at the edge of their territory.
When Maia turns and two more jump out, I know it’s going to come down to a fight. I don’t waste any time as Louis leaps over her and begins fighting with the two wolves that blocked her escape. I know the other three will join the fight and I have to hope that Maia will run and get far enough away that they won't follow her. They’ve seen her eyes.
I'm fighting off two at once and waiting for the bite to come to my flank, but it doesn’t. I realize that rather than run, Maia has joined the fight and is taking on three at once. While the two I’m fighting seem to have no problem with going for the kill with me, the other three don’t seem to be doing that with Maia. This is good and bad because I don’t think she’s ever been trained as a fighter, but it also means that they know what she is and have called in reinforcements. I need to get her out of here now.
I didn’t want to kill these wolves, but now it’s become serious. I kick one in the throat as I go for the legs on the other. I bite down, breaking one leg, before releasing him and clamping down on his other leg. I turn, just as the first is jumping at me and Louis’s teeth bite into his shoulder, ripping flesh from bone. He howls in pain, causing one of the wolves corralling Maia to turn toward me.
As I watch, Maia turns, biting down on the wolf's flank and I hear his femur bone break. His how! of pain is only going to bring more wolves faster. Time for us to
1. go. Louis kicks out at one of the remaining wolves, breaking ribs. The last one tries
to bite down on the back of Maia’s neck to restrain her, but she turns last minute and bites through his throat, his gurgling sound the last thing we hear before he falls dead at her feet.
I run to her, nipping at her to move. She seems to understand what I mean, she takes off toward her apartment. We're running full out for probably 15 minutes before the howls go up.
When we get to our clothes, we both shift quickly and get dressed.
“We have to leave here.”
“I can’t just leave. Where will I go?”
and
“We'll head toward Rik and Liam’s packs. They will protect you, but we need to leave now. They will come for you, and not just because you are a Guardian. You killed one of their pack members.”
“I don’t have a car. How will we leave and what about Benny?”
“You can call Benny. Do you need to get anything from your apartment?”
“Yes, everything I have left from my mother is there.” I nod.
“You go to your apartment and get what you want to take, and I'll go get us bus tickets. Do NOT leave your apartment until I come to get you.” 
###Chapter 307
I take her face in my hands. “Do you understand?”
“Yes”
I reach down and kiss her quickly. “Go, I'll be there in less than 30 minutes, bet ready to leave.”
I run to my hotel, grab my backpack then head to the bus station, looking for the next scheduled bus. The next one won't leave for an hour, but that gives me enough time to get Grace and get back. I buy two tickets and run back to her apartment.
I can hear the wolves in the forest. They have found her and are surrounding her apartment. I run up to her door and knock. “It’s me, we have to go now.”
She opens the door, a bag over her shoulder. “I need to stop and tell Benny.” “There’s no time, you can call him from the bus. They’re here. We can’t fight an entire pack.”
I watch as her eyes go wide. But she closes the door and we begin to jog back to the bus station. When we get there, I see the bus is mostly loaded.
“Get on. If we're lucky, the bus is full, and they won't be able to get a ticket. If we’re not lucky, we'll have to be ready to fight as soon as we stop somewhere.”
We get on the bus and find seats together. “What if they follow us?” “I'm pretty good at evading capture. If they follow us, I’ll get us out.”
When the bus starts to pull away, I see several pack members pulling up in cars. I watch as they wave their hands around, pointing to the bus. As we pull out, I see a man standing hands on his hips. His eyes meet mine and I know he’s the Alpha. Shit! This is worst case scenario.
As we start to move, I grab my phone. “I need to call Rik and after that you can. call Benny.” I look at Grace. She’s looking at her bag, plucking at the seam.
“Hey.” I reach over and cover her hands, waiting until she looks at me. “We'll be okay, I won't let anything happen to you and I won't let them have you. You're mine.” The last is a low, quiet growl, Louis pushing forward.
She nods but I can see she’s scared. “When mom and I ran, we switched buses every one to two stops until we finally ended up in that little town. Maybe we should do that. I have money, mom kept it hidden away in case something like
this ever happened.” I take her chin and turn her head toward me. “Will that make you feel safer?” She nods.
“Then that’s what we'll do. If there is a bus leaving within 30 minutes of our stop, we'll take it. Deal?”
“Deal.”
I call Rik. He’s willing to send some pack members to get us, but I let him know we're being pursued, and I’ll call him when we can ditch the tail. Then I have Grace call Benny. He’s understandably concerned and worried that I’ve kidnapped Grace. She seems to convince him that I’m helping her. When she tells him to call if anyone comes to the diner asking about her, I think he finally believes her.
When she’s done, I wrap my arm around her. She lays her head on my shoulder, but it’s several hours before she falls asleep. It's the middle of the night when we make our first stop. I hop off the bus, checking to see if anyone has arrived yet before going into the bus station and seeing that another bus is leaving soon, heading west. I buy two tickets and go back to get Grace.
When I get onto the bus, she’s awake, looking around concerned. When she sees me, her face relaxes. I go to her, I quietly let her know our plans. “Come on, I got us tickets on another bus, let’s go.”
We grab our things and head out to yet another bus. Over the next week, we travel in every direction. We were tailed for the first three days, but after that, I think we finally lost them. 
###Chapter 308
It's exhausting constantly running, riding on bus after bus. We haven't had a decent meal or shower in a week. Benny called the day after we left and let me know two ‘shady looking men‘ were in the diner asking about a young woman. When Eli finally feels like we can stop overnight, we get a hotel room. At first, 1 was concerned about only having one room, but I’m too tired to argue. When we get to our room, I see that there are two beds.
“Get a shower. I'll be back in a bit.” “Where are you going?” I ask him.
‘I'm going to look around and make sure we aren't being followed and then I’m going to get us something decent to eat. Do not open the door for anyone.”
He comes over taking my face in his hands and kisses my forehead. He pulls back and looks in my eyes. “You'll be safe. I won't be gone long.”
After he leaves, I grab my things and head to the bathroom. I turn on the water, letting it get warm before stripping off my clothes and getting under the stream of hot water. I lift my face, letting the water relax me.
Over the past week, we’d gone west to Arkansas, north to lowa then west again until we got to Wyoming. Once we got to the Rocky Mountains, we started heading south. We went through Colorado, New Mexico and finally started heading east through Texas. I wasn’t sure if Eli had a plan to get us back to Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam’s packs, but he’d been in constant contact with Alpha Rik. He was very concerned about me and wanted to hear from Eli at least twice a day to know where we were and ensure we hadn't entered into any pack territories or been captured.
That was harder while we were in the Rockies. Much like the Appalachian Mountains back home, the Rockies are a great place for wolf packs to live without too much interaction with humans. But we pretty much stayed on the buses and kept to ourselves. Now we're in the middle of Texas, headed back home. At least I hope we are.
I have to admit, while Eli took my advice about changing buses, he’s a master at evasion. I guess twenty years on the run will do that. He’s stealthy, quick and quiet when checking to see if we're being followed. When we were, he was able to guide us onto buses that didn’t have any wolves and get us out of the bus station undetected.
I finish washing off the residue of a long journey, before getting out and dressing In clean clothes. I take my dirty clothes and put them in the sink to soak until after Eli has showered, then Ill put them I there with his and wash them so they can dry overnight before we head out again.
I'm just finishing up when I hear our door open. “It’s just me.” He says just before the smell of food hits my nose and my stomach grumbles.
I come out of the bathroom and see that he’s managed to get us steaks, potatoes and salads. I’m so hungry I could kiss him.
He sets the food out on the small table in the room. “Go ahead and eat, I’m going to get a quick shower, then I'll join you.” He says before heading to the bathroom. I hear the shower turn on just as I dig into my food. I can’t help the moan that leaves my lips. We haven't had real food in over a week and this tastes delicious. I’m in my own world, enjoying the taste of the salty juiciness of the steak, my eyes closed, as I savor each bite when I hear a chuckle.
My eyes snap open and I see Eli standing there watching me in nothing but a towel. My eyes travel down his body, and I was right about his physique. He is solid muscle. His broad shoulders slide into a narrow waist giving him a deep V, before branching out to his muscular thighs.
I unconsciously lick my lips and when my eyes return to his, I see his have darkened. “You need to stop looking at me like that Grace.”
“Like what?” I ask but my voice is breathier than I expected. He stalks over to me, leaning over the chair, his arms caging me in and bringing his face to mine. “Like you’re planning to skip dinner and go straight for dessert.”
His body is so close that I can feel the heat emanating off of him. My throat has gone dry and any retort I might have had dies on my lips.
I lick my lips and his eyes drop to watch the movement before returning to mine. I’m caught in a trance as he moves closer until his lips almost touch mine. I feel his tongue slide across my lips and his eyes go even darker. 
###Chapter 309
“You taste exactly like you smell. Delicious.” And before I know what he’s doing. his lips have crashed into mine and his tongue slides into my mouth. I moan into his mouth, my hands reaching up to grab hold of something, anything, and latching onto his strong biceps as heat spreads to my core.
He takes his time tasting every inch of my mouth before pulling back.” Mmmmm, yum.” He says before licking my lips once more and standing up.. When he does, I come face to face with the proof of how much he enjoyed that kiss. I don’t have anything to compare it to, but the man looks big and definitely long if the towel poking in my direction is any indication.
I know my eyes go wide as he steps back, chuckling. He walks over to his bag, grabbing it before disappearing back into the bathroom. He returns a few minutes later dressed in basketball shorts and nothing else.
He comes back over, leaning down and running his nose over my cheek before whispering in my ear. “Baby, you smell divine, but you need to eat and so do I.” He says before taking the seat across from me.
I can feel my cheeks flame at his reference to scenting my arousal. Rather than saying anything, I dig into my dinner again.
Eli speaks first, changing the subject, thankfully. “I think our best course of action will be to continue to head east. I’m very familiar with this stretch of highway that we’re on. It’s actually where Liam and his pack warriors caught me. I'd like to follow this until we get to Florida. From there, I think we should run in wolf form back to north Georgia. That’s where we are going. I have a place in mind where we can stop and get our bearings before going to Rik and Liam’s packs.”
“How long will it take us?” I ask.
“Probably another week, depending on the bus schedules. They make so many stops in between that it’s slow going, but I also think that if we continue to be safe, we can stop every night or two and rest.”
“I like the idea of resting every night. The constant traveling without real food or decent sleep is taking its toll on me.” If I hadn’t been paying attention, I might have missed the quick tension in his lips before he wiped it away.
“What is it?” I ask him.
He looks at me “What's what?”
“There’s something you're not telling me. What is it?”
1 watch as he contemplates telling me before he sighs. “I’m running out of money. i’m not sure how much longer I can pay for bus tickets if I also need to pay for hotels every night.”
I blink at him. How had I not realized that he was paying for everything. I'd been so stressed out about being followed then exhausted and hungry, that it hadn’t even occurred to me. I get up and go to my bag, pulling out a wad of cash.
“Here. I’m sorry I didn’t think to give you money before.” “No, you should save your money.” He starts to say before I cut him off.
“This money was always meant to be used if I had to run. Well, I’m on the run. You don’t have to pay for everything. The only reason you're even running is because of me. I should be funding our trip, not you. Take it.”
It’s not the only wad of cash that I have. My mom had stashed nearly $10,000 before she died, and I've added another $4,000 to it in the last two years. I've only given Eli $1,000. I have plenty of money left if I need to leave on my own.
“Anything that’s left over, I’ll give back to you.” He tells me.
“Keep it all and if we need more, I have it. As I said, I should have been funding this since the beginning.”
I stand and begin clearing our takeout boxes, putting them back into the bag and placing the bag by the small garbage can in the room.
“What time do we leave tomorrow?” I ask.
“The bus leaves the station at 7am.” He tells me.
“Then, I’m going to get some sleep. Good night.” I say and I walk to one of the beds before pulling the sheets down and crawling in. I hear Eli get up and go to the other bed, before the light in the room turns off.
“Good night, Grace.” 
###Chapter 310
I hate that I don’t have the money to support Grace. It’s really bothering ine. I realize I've spent my life on the run and that I’ve been in one of Liam’s cells for the last six months, but it doesn’t sit right not being able to take care of our mate. What's worse, she and her mother seem to have stockpiled money over the last six years since they ran from Grace’s father. How can Louis and I prove that we are worthy mates if I can’t even afford a bus ticket and a place to stay for longer than a week?
I'm laying in the dark, staring at the ceiling and contemplating what I will need to do once I have her safely within the borders of Rik’s or Liam's territories when I hear her voice.
“Are you awake?” She whispers. I was pretty sure she hadn't fallen asleep. Her breathing hadn’t changed to that deep breathing a person gets when the drift off
to dreamland.
I sit up on my elbow and look over at her bed. Whether she did it intentionally or not, she put herself in the bed farthest from the door, which is where I wanted her. I know she’s a Guardian, but she’s untrained and if anyone breaks through the door, I want them going through me before they get to her.
“Yeah, I’m awake. Is everything alright?” I ask her. It's quiet. I wait, but she doesn’t respond. “Grace?”
“Can I come lay with you? I...! don’t mean for anything to happen, I just....I just got used to your scent when we were sleeping on the bus and now, I can’t fall asleep.”
I scoot over, keeping myself between her and the door, and pat the bed next to me. “Come here.”
When she crawls in beside me, I lay on my back. She sits up next to me, looking down at me. I’m not sure what she wants, so I pat my chest in invitation. She immediately curls up beside me and lays her head on my chest. I wrap my arm. around her, holding her close.
Asense of peace flows through me. It’s a foreign feeling to me, not something you feel when you are constantly looking over your shoulder for someone who is chasing after you. And while I’m still looking over my shoulder for a different reason, having my mate lying beside me calms me in a way I’ve never felt before.
“What if they catch me?” She says quietly. “They won't, I won't let them get to you.” “But what if they do? You can’t fight an entire pack, and neither can I.”
I kiss the top of her head and take a deep breath of her cherry blossom scent. “I'll die before I let anyone forcibly mark you.” I tell her, my voice going deep and gruff as Louis pushes forward.
She lifts her head up, looking at me. “I want you to make me a promise.” She
says.
“Tell me what it is before I promise. I won’t promise you something when I don’t know if I can keep that promise.” “If it looks like I'll be caught, if it looks like they are going to take me, I want you to mark me.” I jerk back as if she’s struck me. “I won't let it come to that.” I say, my mind. reeling.
Of course, I want to mark her, she’s my mate. But I don’t want to mark her under those conditions. I want her to accept me, to want the bond. I want what Rik and Liam have with their mates. I want the love and respect that I see between them. Forcing my mark, even if she’s asking me to, will not give us the start to a relationship where that type of love and respect comes easily. 
###Chapter 311
Chapter 0311 “Please.” Her voice sounds broken, like she’s on the verge of tears. “Please promise me. I’d rather be forced into a bond with my mate then with a complete stranger. So please, promise me.”
I clench my teeth. Can I promise this? I made this mistake once. I learned my lesson. A forced mate bond is the start of a fractured mate bond.
1 look at her, her eyes glistening in the dark. “I promise that if I cannot keep you safe, or get you away, I will mark you before I allow another wolf to mark you.”
She nods and lays her head back down. I can feel the wetness of her tears on my chest. I kiss the top of her head, rubbing my fingers in her hair, massaging her scalp. Eventually, I feel her body relax and her breathing even out.
I don’t know when I fell asleep or how long I’ve been sleeping when the sound of shuffling at the door wakes me up. When you've been on the run as long as I have, your subconscious becomes hyper aware of every sound you hear in your sleep. I gently pull myself out of Grace’s embrace and silently go to the door. I look out through the peep hole and see two people making out against the wall by our door. They are either really drunk and at the wrong door, or they are shifters. and pretending to be distracted to try to get closer to us.
I take a deep breath. I can smell the alcohol on one, but the other is definitely a shifter. I can’t tell if it's a werewolf or some other kind of shifter. I growl low and quiet, so only the shifter can hear me and I can see his or her reaction. I
immediately know it's the male. His head jerks to my door and I see him take in a deep breath before turning to the drunk woman.
“Come on Cher, we're at the wrong door. We don’t want to wake anyone up.” He says with a Cajun accent before pulling her down the hallway. I listen until I hear a door open and sounds of their little make out session quiet down.
I spent some time in Louisiana, and while there are wolf packs there, it’s more. likely that he was a fox or maybe even a coyote shifter. Either way, I wait until I hear the sounds of the woman screaming her pleasure before I crawl back into bed with Grace. Her warm body immediately curls up next to mine. She throws her leg across my body, and I can’t help the instant reaction. I’m rock hard, my dick pinned against my stomach by her leg. Every time she shifts, it adds to the discomfort and the need for my mate that has been building inside me since I found her. I won't be getting any sleep like this, but I'd rather be uncomfortable with her laying against me, than alone without her.
HS
HIS BONOS
I gently rub her back and grit my teeth until she settles against me and I’m finally able to fall asleep again.
The next morning, I wake her early. “Grace, wake up baby. We need to go.”
She groans before opening her eyes and realizes that she’s practically laying across me. “Oh my goddess, I’m sorry.” She says, leaping from the bed.
“It's fine. But there is a shifter here that is staying a few rooms down the hall. I’m not comfortable staying here, just in case. Let’s leave and we can stop and get breakfast on our way to the bus station.
She grabs her bag and heads to the bathroom to change. I grab mine, trying to hide my morning wood. When she comes out of the bathroom, I go in, quickly taking care of my growing erection, which doesn’t take long since I’m surrounded by her scent. After I get dressed, and we've both gotten ready, we head out. I make sure to check the area before letting Grace out and then quietly close our door, just in case the shifter was supposed to be keeping an eye on us. 
###Chapter 312
We stop on the way to the bus station and grab some breakfast. I make sure we are sitting at a table where we can’t easily be seen from outside, but I can watch anyone walking by the diner. We order coffee and breakfast. As we’re eating, I see the shifter from last night walking by, looking around. He looks in the diner but doesn’t see us. Shit, he is working for the wolves.
on the
“Change of plans. Time for us to go.” I say to Grace. I drop some money table and we walk out the door of the diner, turning ina different direction than the shifter. I take a deep breath, trying to catch his scent.
“Do you smell that?” I ask Grace. She takes a deep breath and nods her head. “That’s who is following us. If you smell it again, even faintly, let me know.”
She nods and we begin walking around the diner. I had checked out a map, so I’m familiar with the grid-tike layout of this town. I take us to a back road and begin making our way toward the bus station. Once we get there, I slowly make my way up to the buses, keeping my eye out for him. I finally spot him, waiting in the center of the bus station, sitting like he’s waiting for a bus. If I hadn't seen him earlier, I might believe that’s what he was doing, but not now.
I point him out to Grace, then begin sneaking around the buses, trying to find ours. When I do, I breath a sigh of relief that the door isn’t facing the area where the shifter is sitting. I check the time and realize our bus will pull out in under 15 minutes. I push Grace on ahead of me and then follow her, keeping an eye on the shifter. My size makes me impossible to miss, so if he’s been given any information about me, he'll know it’s me on this bus.
I send Grace to the back of the bus. It isn’t full, so I grab a seat closer to the front, in case the shifter decides to come looking for me. As I watch, he continues to scan the bus station, not looking inside the buses at all.
When our bus finally pulls out of the station, I see two more men running up to the shifter. Fucking red wolves. This is going to make our travels more difficult. There are red wolves in Texas and in Louisiana. We need a Plan B.
Once we pull out of the station, I move to sit next to Grace. She looks at me and I see the fear in her eyes. “It’s okay. I don’t think they realized we were on the bus. But we do need to think of another plan. The red wolves are hunting you now.
I put my arm around her. “Do you have a driver’s license?” I ask her.
“No, I never learned to drive.”
Shit. Neither did I. Even if we could rent a car, neither of us could drive it. I pull out my phone to call Rik. I need a new plan. Cooper
Author
+15 BONOS
What do you think about Eli’s promise to Grace? Do you think he should force his mark on her if she’s at risk of being marked by others? 
###Chapter 313
I was serious last night when I asked Eli to mark me rather than let some stranger mark me. Better the devil you know, right? At least I hope so. I may not believe in the mate bond, but I have a better chance with someone who might actually care about me than with someone who only wants me for the strength I can bring to their pack, someone who will treat me like a commodity and a breeding machine.
I know I’m a Guardian, and I’m supposed to be this strong wolf that all the Alphas want, but I’m terrified. I don’t know how to fight. Up until a couple weeks. ago, I thought I was a human. A human that was doing everything I could just to survive, much less learn how to fight or defend myself.
So, as much as I hate this feeling of dependence, I’m thankful that Eli is here with me. He makes me feel safe, or at least safer than I would feel if ! was running alone. I wasn’t expecting to get any sleep last night, but after laying on his chest, smelling his intoxicating scent and listening to the steady beat of his heart, I fell into a deep sleep. When I woke, I had slept more soundly than I can remember sleeping in years. If I hadn’t woken up practically on top of him, it would have been great. As it was, I could tell he was not immune to our close proximity. His hard length had been pressing against my thigh.
I listen as Eli talks to Alpha Rik on the phone. I can hear another male voice in the background but can’t decipher what he is saying. It sounds like the red wolves. know we are on the run and since they have territory in Texas and Louisiana, we need to divert from our course quickly and head north again. I listen as they talk through our trek north to Oklahoma, then turning east and working our way to North Georgia.
I miss the question that is asked, but Eli turns to look at me. “No, we're not at that point yet.” He says and I can guess the question. Can’t he just mark me? Then there would be no need for this running.
Part of me is ready to agree, but then I remember my father, and I would rather run forever than live like that again.
I turn and look out the window at the miles and miles of flat nothingness. I hear Eli disconnect the phone. “We have a plan. I’m not sure how good it is. If the red wolves are watching the bus stations, we're screwed. At the next station, if it looks safe, we're taking off in our wolf form. I need to get a map so we can skirt the pack territories, but it may be safest.
I just nod. “I’m sorry you're being dragged into this. I know this would be easier +15 BONOS if I would just let you mark me.”
He puts is fingers against my lips. “You have your reasons to not trust the mater bond. I can respect that, and I can wait. As long as it doesn’t mean that you end up mated to someone else.”
I turn to look back outside. We sit in silence for a while. “That car should have passed us a long time ago.’ Maia says in my head.
I look and there is a car keeping pace with the bus. She’s right, it seems like it’s going very slow considering we're in the middle of nowhere.
“Eli. Maia says this car is keeping pace with the bus. Do you think it’s the red wolves?”
He leans past me, looking out the window. I hear him curse under his breath before he grabs his phone and hits speed dial. “They're following the bus.” He says as soon as Alpha Rik picks up.
“How far are you from the bus station?” The voice asks but it doesn’t sound like Alpha Rik.
“Thirty minutes. We’re just coming up on the town.”
“Give the phone to Grace.”
Eli looks at me, then hands me the phone.
“Hello?”
“Grace, this is Alpha Liam. Do you recognize my name?” “I know you've been talking to Eli.”
“But you don’t remember who I am?” “No. Should I?” 
###Chapter 314
I hear him curse under his breath. “What does your wolf remember about being a Guardian?”
‘Maia?’
‘Just that I am a Guardian and that makes me powerful.”
“She knows we're a Guardian and that we are strong.”
“But she doesn’t know how to access her strength? She doesn’t remember anything about her past?” “No. Nothing.”
“Okay, Grace, listen. I don’t know that we can get you out of there without a fight. If the time comes, you need to be prepared to run and possibly fight. Even if you have to leave Eli. We can go back for him but it’s you that they want. And if you are not willing to have him mark you, then you will have to run. Head east. Listen to Eli, he’s good at evasion, but if the time comes, run. And if you have to fight, don’t hesitate. Maia should get her memories if she’s put in the position of having to fight.”
“Okay.” I answer, knowing I can’t leave Eli. Maia has already told me that we're his Guardian and we are bound to him, so leaving him isn’t an option. I hand the phone back to Eli.
He’s watching me closely. “Okay, yeah, I'll let you know when we're safe. If you don’t hear from me in two days, send out a search party.” He tells Alpha Liam before hanging up.
“You need to do what Liam said. You need to run, even if it means leaving me behind.” “I can’t. Maia won’t let me. We're your Guardian and it means we are bound to you.”
“I have a plan, but I don’t know if it will work. When we get there, we need to be ready to move fast. They will have to park and it will give us a few moments to get off the bus
and run. If we’re lucky, all the scents around the bus station will confuse them. If we aren't, they'll follow us and call for reinforcements. Let's
hope Maia is fast.”
When we see the bus station, Eli has us move forward to seats closer to the door. As soon as we stop, he has us up and at the door. When the doors open, he steps.
#15 BONOS
out, pulling me behind him and checking both ways before taking off at a jog. I follow him as we skirt around buses and the bus station. When we get to the back of the building, he looks around one more time before we race for the nearest trees. There isn’t much area to hide so we run as fast as we can.
As soon as we hit the trees, we shift and begin running in wolf form. We've been running for about an hour when we hear the howl go up. They are tracking us. Every time we find a stream or lake, we run in or through the water as much as we can to hide our scent. We have to be careful of alligators, so we can’t run in the water as much as we’d like.
We finally stop to take a break, catching our breath and getting a snack. Eli pulls. a map out of his bag and looks at it checking our surroundings trying to figure out where we are. “We need to keep heading north, but I think we can start veering east a bit.”
He looks at me. “How is Maia? Can she keep running?”
“Yes, we're good.”
He nods. “Okay, we’re going to run until dusk and see if we can find a place to hole up for the night. If not, we'll have to run through the night. There aren’t any caves around here to hide, so we may have to make due with trees.”
As the day goes on, my muscles ache, but we continue to run. I refuse to slow down. When the sun starts to set, we see a sign that lets us know we are near the Arkansas border. There is a small town and outside of the town there is an area with small hills. I follow Louis up the hill and wait while he sniffs around and finds a spot where he feels it is safe for us to rest.
When he gives me the all-clear, I collapse on the ground. BONDA SL-
###Chapter 315
I have to hand it to my girl. Running all day is not for the weak. I pushed us hard, knowing the wolves were trailing us. I haven't heard them howling in hours, so I’m hoping that we have some time to relax.
When we get to a small hill near the Arkansas border, I find an overhang where I can put Grace to let her rest while I keep watch. I'm used to not sleeping for days or only sleeping lightly for a couple of hours. That is how my life has been, but that is not the life that Grace has lived. She needs her rest and she will be sore after pushing so hard today. I know we'll have to go more slowly tomorrow, but once we pass out of red wolf territory, we should be safe to slow down.
When Maia collapses, I shift and pull on some shorts before walking over and picking her up. She's a big wolf, beautiful in her coloring, black but with streaks of different shades of brown. I’ve never seen another wolf like her.
“I've got you, gorgeous.” I tell her as she whimpers when I pick her up. “You did. so well today. Louis and I are very proud of you. I know that was hard.”
I find some pine needles, small branches and vines and build a make-shift bed for her, laying her on it gently. I run my fingers through her fur, massaging the muscles in her shoulders, down her back and to her flank. Maia alternates between whimpering and purring at my ministrations.
When she’s half asleep, I lean into her, running my fingers in the fur around her face. “You rest, I'll be back shortly.”
Her eyes open in alarm, and she begins to stand. I put my hand on her chest, holding her down. “No, stay here. I'll be back soon and I won't go far. You'll be safe. Don’t shift, stay in your wolf form. Promise?”
She reaches out and licks my face. “That’s my girl. I'll be back as soon as I can.” I tell her before shifting and running off to find us food.
Louis finds and kills several rabbits. When we return, he proudly lays them at Maia’s feet, laying down in front of her to see if she'll accept his offering. I’ve become used to Louis eating animals over the years. It was the only way I could survive. But Grace hasn't lived that life, and this may not be something that she can handle. It’s instinct for Maia but may be problematic for Grace.
Louis and I watch as Maia sits up, sniffing the rabbits. She crawls forward and pulls one closer to her before tearing into it ravenously. We sit and watch her until she finishes. When she’s done, she looks at them and then at us. Louis scoots forward, pushing another one toward her with his nose. She grabs it and
IS BONOS devours it as well.
When she finishes, she looks at us and then at the last rabbit. Louis goes to push the last one at her, when she stands and picks it up, dropping it in front of Louis before laying down next to him. He leans over and begins licking her muzzle, cleaning her. When he’s done, he grabs the remaining rabbit and eats it in two bites.
He gets up, pushing her back into the safety of the overhang with his head. Once she’s as safe as we can make her, he lays down in front of her. She curls up beside him and lays her head over his back. I can feel her deep sigh as she settles in and eventually falls asleep.
Louis and I lay awake for a while longer, keeping watch from our makeshift lair. Eventually, the warmth of my mate and the sound of her even breathing lull us to sleep.
It's still dark and the moon is still high when I jolt awake. My ears prick and I listen to the sounds of the night to see what woke me. I can hear the sounds of creatures scurrying over the rocks, the hooting of an owl in a nearby tree, the soft sounds of small creatures running through the grass below and in the distance, the sounds of a river flowing gently in the night.
My eyes start to close when I hear it, the crunch of pine needles under a heavy paw. Louis lifts his head, taking a deep breath. I watch from our spot, listening intently, unable to smell what I am hearing.
I hear it again, but this time, I hear more than one set of paws. The wolves are close, we have to go. I turn my head to wake Maia, only to see her eyes glowing in the dark. She’s heard them too. She pokes her nose into my face, letting me know that she understands that we have to go.
We silently get to our feet, climbing over the top of the hill, making no sound. The wolves will have to either climb up or go around, which gives us time to make our escape. It’s why I chose this particular spot.
When we get far enough away, I begin to run, giving Maia a few minutes to warm up to running again, before I begin pushing us hard. We cross into Arkansas and I push us through the morning and into the early afternoon, until we get to a large river.
There are a lot of places to hide here, I just need to find a place away from human hikers. I finally find a place where we can easily access water and there are rock. formations where Maia can hide while I go get us human food. When I find the spot where I feel like she'll be safe, I shift back, quickly grabbing my bag and putting on a pair of shorts.
+15 BONOS “Grace, I’m going to go into town and get us some food, some human food. I want you to stay here and stay hidden. When I get
back, we'll eat and then we can find a spot to rest for a few hours and even bathe if you'd like. While I’m gone, stay in wolf form. If you hear anything, or feel that you are in any danger, you head east.”
She begins shaking her head, and I take it in my hands. “Listen to me Grace. You are too important. Too important to me and too important to the other Guardians. If they come before I return, you run.”
I put my forehead against her furry one. “If you have to run, I will find you, but let's hope it doesn’t come to that. I will be back soon, love.”
I stand, removing my shorts and putting them in my bag, before shifting, taking my bag in my teeth and heading down the hillside.
Cooper Author
Updates occur daily. 
###Chapter 316
hate this feeling of helplessness. Worse, I hate the fear that comes when Eli isn’t around. I’d rather stay with him and risk getting caught together than being left alone. It was different when I was in the town where mom and I lived. At least there I had a home, a job and Benny. Here, without Eli, I have nothing. Nothing is familiar, the sights and sounds are all new and every sound makes me jump.
I tuck myself into the small cave that Eli found for me. I’m continually amazed by his ability to find places for us to hide while keeping us safe. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised, he’s been doing this most of his life.
‘He is a good mate. He is taking care for us.” Maia says.
I could tell she has not only fallen hard for Louis, but after last night and the amazing rub down Eli gave her, she’s a soppy mess. for him now too.
‘He didn’t have to do that. Not every mate would have realized how sore we were or taken the time to massage our muscles before going out and catching food for us. He’s thoughtful, considerate and a good provider.’
I have to admit, my wolf has a point. Eli hasn't tried to push the mate bond on me at all. He’s been very considerate in our sleeping arrangements which have been less than ideal basically since we've met. And I'd be lying if I said that I wasn’t affected by the mate bond. Having Eli close to me has been comforting, but it’s also making it harder to be away from him.
“You should let him mark us.‘ Maia tells me.
I'd been contemplating letting him mark me. He’s not a bad man. He’s proven that he’s willing to do whatever it takes to keep Maia and I safe. I just haven't made the decision to trust him with the rest of my life. Once you’re marked, it can’t be undone except by the death of one of the parties.
I had seen a sign as we were running. We're in the Red River area. It’s beautiful here, but I can’t enjoy it. Every minute that Eli's gone makes me more anxious. I should try to relax and take a nap, letting my muscles rest but I’m nervous, on edge.
I'm looking out over the land, watching the clouds go by when Maia’s head pops 1. up. ‘What is it, Maia?
Through her eyes and in her mind, I can feel her narrowing her focus on the ground below us, in the direction we came from. She pricks up her ears, listening
+1G HONO
intently, and that’s when I hear it. I can’t see anything from here, but I hear the sounds of bodies moving through the forest floor below us.
‘Check the other directions, Maia. Are we surrounded?’ I ask her, my fear spiking.
‘Don’t panic, Grace. I’m strong, I can get us out of this if needed, but if you panic, they'll be able to hear our heart beating faster. Relax and let me take the lead."
I don’t want to be forced into a mate bond. I don’t want to end up with someone who sent their pack to hunt me down and drag me back to them. Someone that wants me because I strengthen their pack by forcing their canines into my neck.
“There. Maia says and through her eyes, I can see what looks like 10 wolves, slinking through the forest floor. As we watch, the leader lifts his head and sniffs the air, then begins sniffing the ground again.
‘A tracker.’ Maia says to me. ‘We need to move. He will find us.” She slinks out of our cave and begins to move quietly over the landscape,
jumping across small gaps in the rocks, moving around trees and bushes to try to keep us hidden from view as much as possible.
‘Where are we going Maia?’ I ask, not having any idea what direction we're moving in.
‘Eli told us to head east. But first, we’re going south where I can smell water and we're going to run through the water and try to lose them.’
As we're coming off the hill where we were staying, Maia begins running. She’s fast and the trees and bushes in the area give us a lot of coverage. We haven’t gone far, when I hear the howl go up. They found our cave and are alerting those nearby that they are on the hunt.
What makes my blood run cold is the answering howls that seem to come up all around us.
‘Change of plans.‘ Maia says. ‘We’re heading east and I hope we can find some water to cross. I don’t know if we can outrun all of them.’
She takes off like a shot. Even though we've been running for days, Maia has no intention of getting caught, so she pushes through the pain. Unfortunately, the hunt will only incite the wolves and make them more determined to catch us. Without Eli, my only hope is that the Alpha doesn’t catch us, giving Eli time to find us.
As we're running, another howl goes up, this one is much closer than the last. Maia is pushing as hard as she can. When we find a small creek, we don’t even have time to run part way in it, we crash through and continue on the other side.
+15 BONOS As we rush out of the creek, I can hear the sound of panting and large paws pounding into the ground on our left. ‘Maia!
“I know.” She says and veers right. We’re running for only a short while when we hear the sound of paws coming from our right and behind us. She turns back toward the east, pushing herself harder than I thought possible. The further we go, the flatter the land is becoming. We don’t have time to decide on a better route, they are catching up to us.
I can feel them coming up on all sides now. There aren’t as many as when we first heard them howling, which means only the strongest are still following us. That also means it’s very likely that one of these wolves is the Alpha of their pack and is planning to mark me.
We've been running full out for nearly an hour and I know Maia is running on adrenaline only now. Eli will have realized that we've left and should be on our trail. At least I hope he is, I hope they didn’t leave other wolves behind to keep him from getting tous.
I feel a nip at Maia’s heels, tripping her. She falls face first into the ground, rolling over a couple of times before getting up and trying to run again. She only gets a couple of steps when she is nipped on her other heel. She kicks back, her paw smashing into the face of one of our pursuers. His yelp does nothing to make me feel better about our situation. We are hopelessly outnumbered. 
###Chapter 317
Alarge red wolf runs up beside us and slams into our body sideways, knocking Maia off her feet. When she stands again, we are surrounded. There are six wolves that have us caged in, the largest is the red wolf that took Maia down.
Maia stands panting, waiting to see what is going to happen. The red wolf, who is also panting, begins to shift. When he’s done, he stands, bent over at the waist, breathing heavily before looking up at Maia, smiling possessively. Maia bares her teeth at him, snarling furiously.
He puts his hands up in a surrounding position, but I don’t trust it for a moment. He has us surrounded and he’s been hunting me for days.
“You've given us quite a chase Guardian. But you've lost. My name is Alpha Brody, and I claim you as mine.” If possible, Maia’s snarl is even more ferocious, and she nips the air in between us and Alpha Brody. “Now, now. None of that. I’ve caught you and you can’t get away from me. Be a good girl and shift and let me mark you as mine.”
Even more disturbing than him wanting to mark me simply because I’m a Guardian, is his body’s obvious reaction to taking me as his mate. His growing erection, while it doesn’t seem to compare to Eli’s, let’s me know that he will force a mating immediately after marking me.
‘Maia, that guy comes close enough’ I start to say before she cuts me off. ‘I'm ripping his dick off.”
Glad we're on the same page, but that doesn’t change things at the moment. We are still surrounded, and I have no idea how to get out of this mess.
“You can make this easy and I can be gentle, or you can make this hard and my pack here will hold you down while I force my mark on you, then mate you. Either way, this is happening. What's it going to be?”
This disgusting excuse for an Alpha is exactly why I’ve been afraid. I should have just let Eli mark me. I would have been better off.
“The hard way it is.” He says before starting to shift. He’s going to mark Maia, make her compliant then force her to shift so he can mark and mate me in human form.
In a last bit of hope, I send up a howl hoping beyond hope that if Eli is nearby, he’ll hear me and get here in time. As the Alpha finishes his shift, his pack pounces on me.
Maia fights back immediately. She’s ripping at anything she can sink her teeth into, fur, flesh, I think she even ripped an ear off. But we’re no match against six full-grown, ranked wolves and warriors.
Eventually, they have her pinned to the ground on her stomach. She continues to al and bare her teeth, but we can’t move. I can feel the Alpha in wolf form walk over top of me before laying his weight on me, holding Maia in place.
She turns her head and snaps at his face. The Alpha grabs her by the back of the neck, forcing her head to the ground, growling at her, trying to get her to submit. I can feel his aura pushing out, but it has no effect on us.
I don’t have time to think about what that means because I hear a commotion behind me and feel some of the weight lift off me. The Alpha lifts his head and turns to look behind us. Maia takes the opportunity to reach up and grab the side of his neck, biting down and ripping a chunk of his throat out. The Alpha gives a gurgling howl before moving off us. Maia immediately starts to run. She's running full out when the Alpha smashes into her again, blood dripping from the wound in his neck. His teeth are snapping at her neck, trying to bite down on her marking spot when he’s knocked off his feet by a giant black wolf. Louis.
The two begin fighting, Louis putting himself between me and the Alpha. I know I should run, but I can’t leave Eli. I’m his Guardian, but also, he’s magnificent. I know he told me he’s descended from a Beta line, but Louis is bigger than this Alpha’s wolf.
Maia already injured the Alpha, so I’m hoping that Eli can finish him off. I watch as they fight to the death over me. The other wolves are now surrounding Eli and Alpha Brody waiting for the battle to end. They won't interfere, this is a battle for dominance and strength. If they were to interfere, it would mean they don’t trust their Alpha to win.
Louis takes some swipes of the claw and bites to his back and flank. This Alpha may not look like much, but he’s an Alpha. In the shifter society, you don’t maintain that rank unless you fight for it and win it. So, he is a strong fighter and is giving as good as he gets until Louis finally manages to bite down on the back
of his neck.
The sound of the Alpha’s spine breaking is loud in the suddenly quiet field. Louis. shakes his head to ensure that the Alpha is dead before dropping his body to the ground. He shifts and Eli is standing in front of me, in all his naked and bloody glory. +15 BONOS
“Mine!” He says, pointing at me. He’s definitely more animal than human right now and it’s the only word that comes out of his mouth before the other five wolves all jump toward me, as if they plan to mark me as theirs. They are powerful wolves to have chased me this long, so I’m guessing, they are hoping to seal their position as the new Alpha if they mark me.
Eli jumps at the nearest wolf, turning slightly to me. “Run!”
Maia doesn’t waste any time and takes off. I hear Eli shift back into Louis behind me as we run. It’s hard to hear what is happening through all the growls and snarls that I hear behind me.
I feel another nip at my heel, causing us to trip, but Maia gets her footing and continues on. Moments later, we're brought to the ground, the heavy weight pushing us into the ground. In a moment, the weight is pulled off us and she stands ready to run again, when another body lands on top of her, and I feel the sting of canines sinking into her fur at her mating mark.
“NO!” I scream in my mind, as everything around me begins to go black. The last thing I remember is trying to cry out for Eli, but the sound is only in my head.
###Chapter 318
I left Maia in the safest place I could find before heading into the town to get food. When I get close to the town, I shift and call Rik, letting him know that we were still running from the red wolves. I told him that I’m hoping we have enough of a lead on them that we will make it without any further issues.
As we're talking, my eyes are moving around, watching everything, and I see it. Three cars with men standing and looking around, sniffing the air like only shifters do, and waving toward the direction that I left Grace.
“Rik, I have to go. They've found us.” I tell him before hanging up and turning around. I run back to the tree line before shifting and running back toward Grace and Maia. I’m about halfway there when I hear the howl go up. They found her, or at least, they found where she was. The howl is the howl of the hunt, not a capture. I change course, hoping she followed my instructions and started running east. When I hear a second howl go up later, I divert south. She must be trying to maneuver around them but I’m guessing they have her surrounded.
I come around a bend and see several shifters, in their human form, working to set up camp and starting a fire. I don’t have time for them, so I run around them. However, it tells me that their Alpha is here and he’s after Grace.
Louis starts running faster and when we finally catch up to them, what I see nearly makes my heart stop. Maia is being held to the ground by multiple wolves and she has a large wolf on top of her, pinning her head to the ground. I can feel his Alpha aura as he tries to get her to submit. He obviously has no idea that Guardians are immune to the Alpha aura.
Louis runs up, ripping first one wolf then a second off of Maia. This gives Maia a chance to run and she does before the Alpha pins her down again, snapping at her, trying to mark her.
‘Louis, take that Alpha asshole down.’ I shout at my wolf.
‘No one touches our mate and lives.‘ He says before jumping in knocking him off Maia then turning so we stand in between the Alpha and our mate.
The Alpha turns and I know this will be a battle to the death. I only have a moment to wish that Maia would take this opportunity to run, but I know she won't. Maia has been clear about her responsibilities as a Guardian, even if she doesn’t truly understand them.
I'm full on in the fight. This Alpha is like every other Alpha I’ve ever fought, he’s
fierce. Even though Maia has injured him, he’s coming at Louis with everything he’s got. I’m surprised that we're larger than this Alpha’s wolf, but it’s still taking every bit of training and a lifetime of battling with rogues to hold my own against this wolf.
When we get an opportunity, Louis jumps in and snaps his jaws on the back of the Alpha’s neck, shaking his head vigorously making sure the spinal cord is completely severed.
I feel feral when Louis gives me control to shift and I shout “Mine!” to the other wolves, letting them know that I will fight all of them for my mate.
When I see them all jump after her at once, I tell her to run and I shift quickly, taking one out immediately, then grabbing another from behind and slicing my claws from their ribs, through their stomach and down their flank. Louis wants to go for the kill, but we see Maia get tackled and Louis jumps at him, grabbing him by the tail and ripping him off.
I didn’t want it to be this way. I didn’t want to force a mark on her, but I have no choice and I gave her my promise. There’s no way I can guarantee that none of these wolves will get past me to mark her.
###Chapter 319
Chapter 0319 ‘She’s ours.” Louis roars in my head as he jumps on top of her, his canines sinking into her neck.
I immediately feel the mate bond kick in. I can feel her fear and just before she loses consciousness, I hear her screaming my name in her mind. Maia goes limp. I pump more venom into her while she’s out, making sure that her scent changes to include mine before Louis pulls his canines out.
Louis turns, standing over top of Maia who is now shifting back into her human form. He snarls at the four remaining wolves. She’s marked, but that doesn’t mean that they won't try to kill me and remark her.
I watch as they look at each other, then at their dead Alpha and the other one I just killed. I see them mind linking each other before they turn and run off. I’m not foolish enough to think that we’re out of the woods yet. I saw the others back at their makeshift camp and they'll be angry that I killed their Alpha and what I’m guessing is another ranked wolf. Knowing I have the Guardian will only make them more intent on killing me.
I turn, shift quickly, and run back to where I saw Grace’s bag before grabbing mine, pulling on a shirt and shorts. I sling both bags over my shoulder then pick Grace up and I begin to run.
When we get close to the next town, I grab some of her clothes and dress Grace. I find a place to leave her, tucking into an empty field right outside of town. I go into town and find a bus station, getting us tickets for the next bus heading east. It leaves in a couple of hours. I'd rather get out of here sooner, but this will have to do. I will somehow have to sneak an unconscious Grace onto the bus without it causing any raised eyebrows. On my way back to get her, I grab some food and some bottles of water. I know she must be starved by now and when she wakes up, she'll need lots of water.
I find her right where I left her and I pick her up, carrying her toward the bus depot. I take the back roads as much as possible until we get to the depot. There, I find where our bus will be leaving, and I sit her next to me, wrapping my arm around her as if she’s sleeping until the bus comes. When it does, I wait until the bus empties and the driver goes inside. I hurriedly pick her up and carry her onto the bus, finding seats for both of us in the back.
We take this bus overnight and into the next day. Grace still hasn’t woken up and I’m getting nervous. When we get to the outskirts of a larger town, I decide to get a hotel. I need to check in with Rik and I need to make sure my girl is okay.
I wait for the bus to empty before picking Grace up and carrying her off the bus. There’s a hotel about a block away, so I quickly walk down the street carrying Grace. I’m getting some weird looks, so I try to make it look like some kind of romantic thing where I'm carrying her and whispering in her ear.
When I get to the hotel, I set her in a chair in the lobby and get a room. When I finally get her into our room, I change her clothes into one of my shirts and tuck her into bed. I lock up and go in search of food and supplies.
Cooper
Author
Yay Eli marked her 
###Chapter 320
I come awake slowly. I’m completely disoriented, not recognizing any of the smells around me. When I open my eyes, I see that I am alone in a hotel room.
4
Everything comes flooding back to me and I gasp, my hand flying to my neck. I can feel where my neck has puncture wounds. from being forcibly marked.
‘Maia? Do you know where we are?’ ‘No. I was knocked out, the same as you.’
I sit up and look around. From where I’m sitting, I see my bag and what looks like Eli’s bag. I get up and run over to his bag, opening it and seeing that it is his and his things are still inside. I open my bag and see that it’s pretty much untouched, my money still inside.
The blinds on the window are closed and I go over and peek outside. I can see the bus station not far away. I turn and look at Eli’s bag again. It’s then that I realize that I’m only in a t-shirt. A huge t-shirt that smells like Eli.
‘Maia, do you think Eli got us out of there? Do you think it’s his mark?*
Just as I’m thinking it, the phone rings beside the bed. I stare at it for a moment before walking over and picking up the receiver. I don’t say anything, I just listen.
“Grace? It’s me, Eli. I can feel your fear and confusion through the bond. I
brought you to the hotel, I’m almost back, I was getting food for us, I know you must be famished.” “Eli! It's your mark?”
“Yes. I'll explain everything when I’m back, but Grace? I’m sorry, I didn’t have a choice.”
“I know. Thank you for rescuing me.”
“ll always be here for your Grace. I’m about 5 minutes out. I have a key, don’t open the door for anyone. I’m not completely sure it's safe yet.”
“Okay, I'll be here.”
I hang up and use the time to go to the bathroom and wash my face and the mark on my neck. It’s sore, but the punctures are already closed over.
Just as I’m finishing up, I hear the door open. “Grace, it’s me.” I walk out and as soon as I see him, he opens his arms and I fly into them. Every +15 BONOS
bit of fear, anxiety, and stress of the past few days comes pouring out of me. Eli holds me while I cry, rubbing my back and soothing me.
When he realizes that this won't be quick, he picks me up and carries me to the edge of the bed. Sitting down, he cuddles me in his lap and begins rocking me gently.
“Shhh, it’s okay. You're safe now.”
He holds me until I’m done, then sits back, taking his thumbs and wiping the tears from my cheeks before kissing first one then the other eye. He grabs a tissue off of the nightstand and I wipe my nose.
sme. “Better?” He asks me. I nod. Looking up at him. If I thought the mate bond was strong before, it’s definitely stronger now that I have his mark.
He leans forward, kissing my forehead. “You know I can hear your thoughts now, right?” He says smirking. “And while I love that you are feeling the effects of the mate bond, I also know you haven't eaten in far too long.”
The moment he says it, it's like my stomach was waiting for permission and growls loudly, making both of us laugh.
He sets me on my feet and stands, guiding me to the small table where he put the food. He pulls out a chair for me then starts pulling food out of bags, handing me a bottle of water.
I guzzle the water down, watching him unload Italian, Mexican, and BBQ dinners. He looks over at me sheepishly. “I wasn’t sure what you’d want and honestly, I’m starving too, so I figured I get a little of everything and we could eat what we
want.
“Sounds perfect.”
He sits opposite of me and waits for me to begin, before grabbing some food for himself. I haven’t really eaten since the morning we left the last hotel. I’ve lost track of time and don’t even know how many days ago that was.
“So, what happened?” I ask him.
He tells me how he marked me, then challenged the others, before carrying me to the next town and getting us on a bus. When he became concerned that I wasn’t waking up, he decided to stop until I was coherent again.
“I called Rik and told him that you are marked and that now there’s a target on my back. He offered to send some of his men to meet us, but I wanted to talk to
+15 BONOS
you first and see how you are feeling. You’ve had a rough couple of weeks, and I didn’t know if going straight to his pack would be overwhelming for you.” 
###Chapter 321
“Why is there a target on your back?” I focus on the most important thing he said, not understanding. I thought the point of him marking me was that we were no longer going to be chased.
“I killed that Alpha and I’m pretty sure I killed either his Beta or his Gamma. Then I had the nerve to mark the Guardian that they had been chasing for a week. The only way they can get to you now, is through me, by killing me.”
“Do you think they are following us?” I ask. I’m so tired of running-
“No, not really. I think they will have gone back to their pack by now to regroup, but I don’t want to linger now that you are awake. As soon as you feel ready to travel again, we’re going to keep heading east.”
“Where exactly are we, anyway?”
“We're probably about a day’s bus ride to the Mississippi border. From there, it will still be a few days until we get to North Georgia, which is our final destination. I think we're safe to stop each night if you want, or we can push through. Again, I know this has been hard on you and I want to help make it as easy as possible now.”
I finish eating, stuffed for the first time in a long time. “Can I sleep on it? We can move tomorrow but honestly, I think I’d like a real bed at least one more night. From there, I'll have a better idea of how I’m feeling.”
“Of course, whatever you need.” fear and
“Right now, what I need is a shower.” I say standing up. I start to walk to the bathroom and stop. “What did you mean earlier that you could feel m confusion through the bond?”
He looks at me a minute before responding. “I marked you. That means that I can now feel your emotions and I can also hear you when you speak in your head, unless you block me out.”
I turn to fully look at him. He can feel my emotions and hear the voice in my head?
He’s nodding. “Yes, I can hear the voice in your head. Currently, it's very loud. ” He says smiling.
“How?”
“I marked you. Didn’t your parents ever explain the mind link process?”
“Well, yes, but that was because they were part of a pack. You and I aren’t part of a pack.” I say, starting to freak out a little.
Ell stands and comes to me, putting his hands on my arms. “It’s the same with a mated couple. I can feel your emotions and hear you even though we don’t have a pack. It’s a family bond. When you and your mother left your pack, you would have been able to continue to mind link her if you’d had your wolf.”
“Then why can’t I feel or hear you?” “You haven't marked me. When you do, you'll feel my emotions and hear my thoughts.” “So, I need to mark you?”
He looks at me intently. “If you mark me, it will increase our bond. You are already feeling a stronger bond toward me. If you mark me, it will become even stronger. If you are ready for that, I am happy to let you mark me, but you need to understand what you are doing before you do it.”
“So, if I mark you, I'll be able to feel your emotions and hear your thoughts, and it will also make our bond stronger?” “Yes.” “Id like to think about that before I do it then.”
“Of course. And when you're ready, when you truly accept me as your mate, we will mate and mark each other in our human form. Then, we will have completed the mating and marking process and our bond will be unbreakable.”
“It's not unbreakable now?”
“I have marked you. You haven’t marked me, and we haven’t mated, so it’s not a fully formed bond. It’s basically one-sided. If you died, it would most likely kill me. I can hear your thoughts and feel your emotions. If something were to happen to me, you’d probably feel intense sadness, but it wouldn’t kill you.”
“That doesn’t seem very fair to you. You're taking all the burden.” “You're worth it to me. I never expected to be given a fated mate. So, for me, I’m willing to take the risk until you trust me enough
to complete this bond with me. I lift my face to his and kiss him softly. “Thank you. For saving me, for keeping. me safe and for your patience. I may not be ready to fully trust you yet, but it means a lot to me that you care enough about me to do all of this for
me. “You're my mate. I love you, unconditionally. Hopefully, one day, you’ll feel the +15 BONOS
same.”
I turn and go into the bathroom to shower. Eli has given me a lot to think about. Cooper Author
Updates occur daily.
B 
###Chapter 322
I watch Grace go to the shower, listening as she turns on the water. Thank the Goddess she finally woke up. When I called Rik earlier, he assured me that it’s not uncommon for females to be knocked unconscious when they are marked, but neither he nor Liam had that with their Guardians. However, neither of them were on the run, exhausted, half-starved and emotionally distraught at the time they were marked either.
I'm thankful she doesn’t hate me right now. I had some horrible flashbacks to the time when I tried to force the mate mark on Cara. I know the situations were different, but I can’t lose Grace. I wasn’t joking when I said I never thought I’d be given a fated mate. With everything that has happened in my life, I didn’t think I deserved one. It just goes to show that the Goddess has a plan, even if we don’t know what it is.
I clean up while Grace showers. She takes quite awhile and I’m not sure if this is a common thing for her or if she’s avoiding me.
When she finally comes out, I grab my things and head into the bathroom. I didn’t have many clothes to begin with and I’ve lost some on this journey. I’ll need to figure out how to pay for new ones soon, along with everything else.
My plan is to take Grace to my old pack lands, the Silver Dawn Pack. I had started to rebuild it when I planned to take Cara as a mate. It still needs a lot of work, but it has become a place where rogues can go for a second chance, a sanctuary of
sorts.
I had called myself their Alpha and they had followed me. Many were killed in the battle against the Canyon Ridge Pack when I kidnapped Cara. Any that acted like true rogues, those that killed indiscriminately or couldn't abide by the hierarchy of the pack, were banished or killed. What is left, are those that are able to fight, and those that are willing to be a part of a pack again.
There are too many stories of rogues that are on their own, simply because they came from poorly run packs that had overbearing or cruel Alphas. Grace’s story and mine are not isolated incidents. There are so many rogues that are packless. through no fault of their own. I created a pack, a place where all the individuals. and families that wanted safety, wanted a place to call home, could come without fear.
I haven't been back in a long time. After Cara was rescued, I ran. Then I was caught by Liam and held as his captive for six months. Now I’ve been on the run with Grace, keeping her safe. But it’s time to go home. Time for Grace to see what
+15 BONOS
she’s in for if she decides to accept the mate bond. All I have to offer her is a broken—down pack with a bunch of misfits trying to make their way in the world.
I sigh, getting out of the shower, pulling on a pair of shorts. I like feeling Grace’s emotions. It has calmed Louis, but I hope that someday, she will accept me and want to complete the mate bond. I want someone by my side, helping me to rebuild a place that was broken into something amazing, something that everyone that lives there can be proud of.
When I walk out of the bathroom, I see that she’s already in the only bed in the room. I don’t want to presume, so I pull the chairs at the table closer together and prepare to sleep on them.
“What are you doing?” Grace asks me. “Just getting comfortable.” I say. When I look at her, she’s frowning at me.
“In the chairs?”
I look down at them. Yeah, nothing about them looks comfortable at all.
“I already told you I can’t sleep unless you're lying beside me.” She pats the bed beside her. “I mean, unless you don’t want to.” 
###Chapter 323
I step up to the bed. “I want to. I didn’t know if you would be comfortable with that.”
“Well, we're partially bonded, right? Won't you sleep better if you’re beside me?”
“Yes.”
“Good, then it’s settled. Hop in.”
I crawl into bed beside her, and she immediately curls up against me. I sigh heavily, relaxing for the first time in days. “I'm sorry I had to mark you. I didn’t want it to be like that.”
“You kept those other wolves from forcing their mark on me. I have no idea what their pack is like, but based on their Alpha, I would have been miserable in that environment.”
I tuck her closer to me, Louis’s growl rumbling in my chest that someone almost forced their mark on our mate.
“Shhh, Louis, I’m safe now. Thanks to you and Eli. Rest, sweet wolf.” Grace says, rubbing her hand against my chest, soothing Louis's growl.
“Sweet?” I ask her. Louis has been called many things, but sweet has never been one of them.
I can feel her smile against my chest. “He’s very sweet to Maia. She’s got a soft spot for him, too.”
Louis’s growl turns to a purr, and I feel Grace chuckle. “See? He’s so sweet.”
“What about me? Am I sweet?”
Am I fishing for compliments? Yes. Am I jealous that she seems to like my wolf more than me? Yes.
She lifts her head and looks at me. “You are amazing, kind and generous.”
I lean up kissing her gently. “Thank you.”
When she doesn’t lay back down, I turn to look at her again. She slowly lowers her face to mine, kissing me tentatively.
In an instant, I have our positions flipped with her underneath me, my body settling between her legs. I slowly increase the intensity of the kiss, wanting to taste her. I use one arm to keep most of my weight off of her while the other
strokes her cheek, moving into her hair as my need to touch and taste her overwhelms me.
I nip at her bottom lip, making her gasp. When her mouth opens, I slide my tongue into the sweet tartness of her cherry taste. I moan as her taste floods my tongue and I hold her face gently as I take my time, tasting her mouth, feeling the soit plumpness of her lips, letting her get used to my tongue teasing hers.
Her arms go around me and I feel her nails dragging down my back. Exquisite pain. I can feel her tentativeness through the bond, but also her arousal which is perfuming the air around us. Her scent and her taste have me feeling intoxicated, drunk on my mate.
I gently begin kissing my way down her neck, sucking gently on my mark. Her gasp changes to a moan and I feel her knees come up on either side of me and she begins rubbing herself against me, trying to ease the pressure I’m causing and find her release.
I lift up, looking into her eyes. Her embarrassment hits me though the bond and she begins to lay her legs back down..
“Don't.” I say quietly, and slide my hand to her knee, pulling it back up. I slowly draw a line from her knee to the inside of her thigh. I watch her as my hand pulls closer to her core, waiting to see if she'll stop me.
When she doesn't, I move my hand to her hip, sliding her night shirt up, my hand stroking up to her breast. Her nipple is a hard peak and I rub my thumb over it watching her eyes flutter closed, a soft whimper escaping her mouth. I gently tug on her nipple, causing her to arch her back into my hand.
“I want to make you feel good. Will you let me? She opens her eyes and nods. “Yes.”
I lift up and pull her shirt over her head. I kiss her lips, pulling back to look at her again before dipping down licking her nipple then sucking it into my mouth. Her response is instant, her moan of pleasure making my already hardened length turn painfully hard. My hand goes to her other breast, tugging on her nipple while I take my time licking and sucking on this one. When I shift, I look up at her. Her mouth is open slightly, her eyes are closed in her pleasure. This is a look I want to put on her face every day. 
###Chapter 324
I move to her other nipple, giving it equal attention, my hand sliding down between us, feeling her heat through her panties. I can feel how soaked they are and I can’t help my own moan, knowing it is me causing this response in my
mate.
I slide a finger under her panties, running it through her slippery wetness before sliding it up to her clit. Her hips buck at the sensation, and I begin rubbing circles around her clit, listening to the sweet sounds of her whimpers.
I graze my teeth over her nipple as I finally release it, kissing my way down her stomach, licking and tasting her as I go. When I get her panties, I grab them with my teeth and begin pulling them down her thighs. I look up and see her watching me with a look of surprise and excitement.
I keep my eyes on hers as I toss her panties to the floor and hook her leg over my shoulder as I move back up her body. I lick her, core to clit as I watch her. She sucks in a breath but doesn’t take her eyes off me. A possessive growl of pleasure rumbles in my chest at her taste. If I thought I was drunk on her taste before, it’s nothing to how I feel now.
I begin running my tongue in circles on her clit, her hips pushing up against my face. I slide my hand up her thigh and slip a finger inside her, feeling her warm wet walls fluttering around me. Her legs start to tighten around my head and I take one hand, pushing her leg to the bed, and her knee up toward her hips, opening her even wider for me.
Her hand goes to my head as her hips start rocking against my face, her whimpers increasing in intensity. I slide another finger inside her, feeling how tight she is. I gently turn my fingers in a corkscrew motion and I suck her clit into my mouth, eliciting a much louder moan from her.
When I feel her walls starting to tighten, I increase the speed of my movements and curl my fingers up looking for the perfect spot. When I find it, I suck down hard on her clit, sending her over the top. Her scream of pleasure and the friction from the bed moving under me has me joining her, my own orgasm ripping from me like I’ve never felt before.
I slowly let her ride out her orgasm, her walls contracting around my fingers slowly lessens. When I lift my head, my face and chin are covered in her sweet arousal. I kiss her inner thigh, before moving my way back up to her face. I slide my tongue into her mouth, letting her taste herself.
+15 BONOS
“You taste delicious baby. I’m going to go clean up and then we can get some sleep. You should be able to sleep now.” I tell her. I go to the bathroom and wash my face, pulling off my shorts to wash my release off my body. After wiping myself clean, I go back out to see my little mate fast asleep, still naked.
I climb in behind her, curling up around her, and tucking her against me before pulling the sheet and blanket over us and following her into blissful sleep. 
###Chapter 325
Chapter 0325 I wake up slowly, warm and surrounded by the scent of sandlewood and cedar. I haven't feit this comfortable in a long time.
As I come awake, I begin to realize certain things. First, I'm naked. Second, there is an arm wrapped around my waist ending with a hand that is cupping my breast. And finally, there is a large, warm, strong body behind me and something long and hard pressing against my backside.
I move to get out of Eli’s embrace, but his arm tightens around me, pulling me to him. He kisses my shoulder. “Not yet. Just a few more minutes.” His voice is thick and husky with sleep. “Eli.” It comes out more like a squeak than a demand.
“Mmmhmm.” He replies, snuggling his body even closer to mine and kissing the back of my neck, sending goosebumps over my body.
“Eli, I’m naked.”
“You were asleep when I got out of the bathroom, so I let you sleep.” His voice is still low, his breath caressing my ear as he speaks.
“You're naked too.”
“Baby, after last night, there’s no part of you that I haven’t seen and tasted. And I’ve been around shifters my entire life. Nudity isn’t something that bothers me.”
My cheeks heat at his comment. What felt right in the darkness of night, sounds almost elicit in the morning light.
I feel his teeth gently bite down on my shoulder. “I can feel your embarrassment, love. We're mates. You may not have decided to complete the bond yet, but you and your wolf will be feeling the pull to me and Louis. There is nothing to be embarrassed about. This is the way the goddess planned it.”
“I'm going to jump in the shower and then we should head out. We have a bus to catch, right?” He lifts his head to look at me. “Are you feeling up to traveling again today?”
I look at him over my shoulder and I can see the worry in his eyes. I blush but answer honestly. “I feel pretty good actually.” I tell him.
His answering smifk says everything I need to know. He’s very proud of himself for being the one that made me feel this good. And as much as I'd like to scoff at
+15 DONOS him, he’s right. My body feels languid and relaxed.
I lean up and peck his lips, but before I can pull away, he’s captured me for a much longer and deeper kiss. I’m immediately lost in his scent and taste, moaning softly into his mouth as his tongue plays gently with mine.
He rubs his nose against mine. “Go shower, and Ill get us something to eat and check the bus schedule.” He tells me.
I scoot out of bed and start walking to the bathroom, feeling his eyes on me. I turn and look at him over my shoulder. “What?” He is propped up on one elbow, the sheet falling low on his hips, his eyes slowly slide down my body before coming back up. “Just enjoying the view.” He says.
I turn taking the last few steps to the bathroom, making sure to swing my hips a little more than necessary, earning me a wolf whistle as I close the door to the bathroom.
I can’t help but laugh out loud. It’s a powerful, heady feeling to captivate a man’s attention like that, especially a man like Eli.
When I finish showering, I half expect him to still be in bed, but he has gone so I finish getting ready and wait for him to return. When he does, he has several egg and meat sandwiches, coffee and lots a water.
“Drink some water and pick whichever sandwiches you want.” He says before sitting down with me. “I know you drink coffee, but I wasn’t sure how you take it, so I have cream and sugar.” He says as he dumps a bag with that, napkins and coffee stirrers onto the table. 
###Chapter 326
Chapter 0326 I drink half a bottle of water in one go, then dig into the food. “So, what's the plan?”
“There’s a bus leaving at 1pm heading toward Jackson, Mississippi. We'll stop at a small town tomorrow on the other side of Jackson, stay the night then head out the following day toward Birmingham, where we'll plan to stay another night before heading toward home. At that pace, we'll get to north Georgia by the end of the week. But that also gives us two nights in a hotel to get decent food and sleep. I’ve already called Rik and given him the plan. I'll call him again when we stop outside of Jackson.”
After breakfast, Eli showered, we check out of the hotel and head back to the bus station. Eli was still watchful of everything, making sure there was no one suspicious. The bus ride to the area outside of Jackson was tiring, but uneventful. I took the opportunity to ask Eli about where we are going and try to get to know my mate a little bit better.
“We're headed to my old pack lands, the Silver Dawn pack. I had started to rebuild the pack and was inviting anyone that needed sanctuary to come and be a part of a new pack. Not surprisingly, there are many with stories like ours Grace. So, you can imagine how many wolves came to the borders, asking for a safe place to live.”
“Are they all still there?” I ask, wondering what we're going to be walking into. “I honestly don’t know. It’s been close to a year since I’ve been back. At the time, I was the self-proclaimed Alpha of the pack, and I left my assigned Beta in charge. I guess we'll find out when we arrive.”
When we get to the town, we find a hotel and quickly wash off the dust of traveling, before heading out to get dinner. Eli is more relaxed, having spoken to Alpha Rik and hearing that the red wolves seemed to have gotten word out that I’ve been marked and am no longer eligible to mark and mate.
We go to a popular steak house and it’s the most normal experience I’ve had since my mother passed away. We have a nice dinner, talking and laughing. I’m coming to realize that Eli is a caring individual. If my mother and I had met him. in our travels, he would have looked after us, as he seems to do with every stray he finds. He doesn’t call them strays, but that’s what they are. It’s what my mother and I were. We were lost, with no pack and no ties to anyone.
He doesn’t seem to recognize that he gives others a sense of peace and belonging. +15 BONOS
He just sees it as the right thing to do, something that he wished someone would have done for him when he was a child, alone in the world.
We walk back to our hotel room, hand in hand. When we get there, he turns to me. “Are you tired?”
I shake my head. “No.”
He grabs the remote and sits on the bed, turning the TV on. “Do you have anything that you'd like to watch?”
I have an idea, but I don’t really know what I’m doing. I’m hoping instinct, the bond and maybe Eli will guide me.
I get on the bed, but rather than sitting next to him, I straddle his hips, facing him. I put my hands on his chest as he looks up at me, a half—smile on his face. “Something on your mind, Grace?”
I nod. “You made me feel really good the other night. Now I want to return the favor.” I say as I slide my hands down his stomach, to his shorts.
Cooper 
###Chapter 327
Chapter 0327 Hello everyone, I hope you are enjoying Grace and Eli’s journey so far. There is a lot more in store for them still to come!
My new book, For the Love of a Guardian, went live today. This book will tell Clint and Lily’s story. It starts as a prequel when they are 17/18 years old, but will go through the time frame of the first two books (Broken Warrior and Guardian Angel).
Since I started writing Broken Warrior, Lily has been banging around in my head, wanting me to tell her story, so now it’s out. If you enjoyed the glimpses of her life with Clint in the other books, check it out. This story will have more information on Anders‘ and Calista’s romance, as well. It will be more of a romance but if you’ve read the other books, you also know there will be tragedy. For those of you keeping track, yes the name of the book is the same as the one that Clint gave to Cara for her 18th birthday, and yes, that was intentional.
For the Love of a Guardian will only update three days a week, as Banished Beta is my primary book until it is finished. Once this book is complete, Clint and Lily's story will begin updating daily.
Thank you all for being a part of this journey with me. I hope you are having as much fun reading abut these characters as I am writing about them. I read and appreciate all of your comments. I don’t know how to respond in this system, but I promise I do read them.
Cooper 
###Chapter 328
I'm instantly hard as Grace’s hands slide over my stomach to the waistband of my shorts. I’m thrilled that she wants to be intimate, but I also want to make sure we both understand what she wants.
“What did you have in mind?” I ask, as her hands slide up under my shirt and back up my stomach to my chest. She’s pushed my shirt up with her hands, so I lean forward and pull it over my head, dropping it on the floor.
Her eyes take me in, feasting on me like I’ve done with her, before meeting mine. “I’m not exactly sure.” “You can do whatever you want, but only if you’re comfortable doing it. I have no limits with you. I’m all yours, Grace.”
She leans in, kissing me and I let her set the pace. It’s difficult as my body and Louis are screaming at me to complete the bond. I want nothing more than to bury myself in her warm, wet folds while I sink my teeth into her neck. But I won't, not until I know that I'll feel her teeth sinking into mine at the same time.
I slide my hands up her thighs, to her hips. She’s moving against me, causing my dick to become rock hard. One of her hands goes to my shoulder, the other around my neck as she deepens the kiss, taking control.
She begins kissing her way down my neck and I can’t help but groan when she nips at my marking spot, causing my dick to twitch under her. I see her smile as she sits back just enough to look at me, before beginning to kiss her way down my chest. She continues nipping at me, biting into me in places, leaving little love bites on my pecs as she continues her path to my stomach.
When she gets to my shorts, she does what I did to her. She grabs them with her teeth and begins pulling them down, getting off the bed to take them off completely, leaving me in only my boxers.
“You should take your clothes off too.” I say, my hunger for her making my voice deeper than normal. She stands, looking at me. “Would you like that?”
“Yes.” It’s a deep, breathy reply and I know my eyes are dark with my need for
her.
She reaches down and slowly pulls her shirt over her head. I lick my lips at her beauty. I want this woman like I’ve never wanted anyone in my life.
+15 BONDS
Her eyes stay on mine as she reaches behind her and unhooks her bra, letting it fall to the floor. My eyes trail down to her perfect breasts. They are perky and smaller than some, but they are perfect to me.
She turns her back to me, looking at me over her shoulder as she bends down, pulling her shorts down, giving me a perfect view her spectacular ass. Oh, how I want to sink my teeth into those fleshy globes, and one day soon, I will.
When she turns back around, I can feel her confidence wane. She is getting into her head and letting embarrassment take over.
“Come here.” I say to her, crooking my finger at her.
She listens, crawling back over top of me. I’m not sure if she meant it to be sexy, but it definitely is. When she’s close, I grab her, pulling her to straddle me again. I can feel her warm, wet heat over my dick with nothing between us but my boxers. It won’t take much to get me off.
“What were you thinking baby?” I ask her, trying to get her out of her head. “I wanted to make you feel good, but I’m not sure how.” She says.
I push up against her. “Do you feel how excited I am? How much I want you?” I ask her. I want her to know that I want her, but I still don’t want to push her. She has to be comfortable with whatever we do. 
###Chapter 329
When I push up against her, my dick slides through her wet, warm folds. I groan in pleasure, letting my eyes close. “You feel so good Grace. I don’t know what you want, but I can’t be inside you. When you're ready, we will. But I will want to mark you, and I know you're not ready for that yet.”
“I can use my mouth like you did.” She says in her sweet voice. I groan at the thought.
“Have you ever done that before baby?” I ask her.
“No, but I want to.”
I grit my teeth. I'll be lucky if I don’t shoot my load the minute her lips touch my dick.
“Do you want me to guide you?” I ask.
“Yes.”
I reach up and kiss her deeply before laying back. “Pull my boxers off and find a position that’s comfortable between my legs.” When she does, she looks at my dick, then up at me. “Take me in your hand, stroke me up and down.”
She does, watching as my dick twitches as soon as she touches it and my body. tenses in pleasure.
“Use your tongue, lick me then suck the head into your mouth.”
She does, and it takes everything in me not to shoot off like a rocket. “That feels so good baby. So good. Slide me farther into your mouth, use your lips and suck gently as you slide me in and out.”
I'm gritting my teeth, trying hard to keep some semblance of control, but I’m about to lose my shit. Her warm mouth feels so. good. Her hand continues stroking me and she takes me in and out.
I hiss a bit as her teeth scrape my cock. “Careful with your teeth baby.” She immediately comes off me, looking up at me. “I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?” “It's okay, just be careful. Biting me there isn’t pleasurable.”
She takes me back in her mouth, hollowing out her cheeks and begins sucking me in harder this time. I suck in a breath, and my hand goes into her hair,
+15 BONOS
“That's it, love. When I tell you, you need to stop so I don’t come in your mouth.” I tell her as she continues. She begins moving faster and I’m hitting the back of her throat.
“Oh god baby, that’s it, yes.”
I feel my balls contracting and I know I’m close. “Grace, stop, I’m about to come.” I tell her, knowing it’s only a matter of seconds. She doesn’t stop, if anything she moves faster. At the last second, she somehow takes me into her throat. My hips thrust forward, pushing me even deeper into her throat as the force of my orgasm has me growling my release, her gag reflex only increasing. my orgasm. My instinct is to hold her there while I finish, but I won’t do that to her. Thankfully, she takes everything I'm giving her before she finally slides off, licking every bit of my release off of me before sitting back and looking at me.
“Fuck, Grace. That was amazing!” I say, watching as a self-satisfied smile. spreads across her face.
“I'm glad you liked it.”
I pull her up to me, kissing her. “Like isn’t the word I would use. You are incredible my little mate.”
She giggles and I growl at her. “I can smell your arousal. Now, it’s my turn to feast.”
I flip our positions and have my mate screaming in pleasure multiple times before I finally curl up behind her and we both drift off to sleep.
###Chapter 330
I can definitely get used to waking up in Eli’s arms. It's warm, comfortable and safe. I love that I'm getting to know him better, mentally and physically.
The physical part is nothing like I was expecting. I don’t know if it’s the mate bond, or if it’s him, but I never expected an orgasm to feel like this. I can’t imagine what it will be like when we complete the bond. I remember hearing stories about how incredible it is, and I can’t imagine it being better than this.
I don't feel nearly as self-conscious this morning as I snuggle back into Eli’s embrace. I love the sound of his sleepy growl when I wiggle myself against him, causing his already hard length to twitch against my back.
“What are you doing baby?” He asks me sleepily. “Snuggling up against you.” I say as I wiggle myself even closer to him.
His arm pulls me impossibly closer and he pushes his erection against me. “I like waking up with you pressed against me.” He says, kissing my neck and biting down gently, making me shiver. “But we have a bus to catch this morning. One more stop and then we should be home, or to what was home when I left.”
He lifts his arm and I move off the bed, turning to stand in front of him. I feel bold this morning. ‘He’s a sexy man and he wants us. We're Alpha females, we should feel powerful because we are.’ Maia says. I lean over the bed, watching as Eli’s eyes darken. “Come on old man, come shower with me.”
In an instant, he’s out of bed and has scooped me up. I wrap my legs around his waist, chuckling as he begins walking to the bathroom. I’m a tall woman, at 5'11", but Eli carries me like I weigh nothing at all. I like it.
“Who are you calling old?” He asks, growling in my ear.
“Did I seem old last night when you had my hard length in your mouth?” I shake my head, no.
“Did I seem old when I had you screaming your pleasure over and over?” I gently nip his neck as he turns on the water. “No.” “Do
you need a reminder of just how young I am?”
I giggle like a schoolgirl. “Yes.”
12
+15 BONDS
And he does remind me, in the shower, three times. Yep, I could definitely get used to this.
We spend the next two days on the road, working our way to Birmingham, again finding a small town on the east side of the city. We had planned to stop earlier, but realized we were in the middle of wolf territory, so we kept going for another half day.
By the time we stop, we’re both ready for a shower, food and bed. Much like our previous hotel visits, we get to know each other over dinner then again in bed. I’m becoming more and more comfortable with the thought of Eli and I finalizing the mate bond. I want to see this pack he put together and make sure there is nothing that gives me an indication that he’s been lying to me this entire time. But if it's as he says it is, then I think I’m ready to complete the bond.
‘It's about time.‘ Maia says in my head.
Between her constant desire to complete the bond and my body's own pull to Eli, it is getting harder and harder to resist the temptation to mark him. My canines. came out last night while I was kissing his neck and I had to pull away quickly before the need to mark him became too strong. And while I’m ready to take our sexual relationship to the next level, I know he won’t until I’m ready to complete our bond. After the canine issue, I have to agree.
The last leg of our journey is another two days. While we're enjoying our time together and getting to know each other, I think we're both weary of traveling. I’m excited to see what this pack looks like. According to Eli, it’s run down and needs to be rebuilt. I never really considered how exciting that might be, to build something of my own from the ground up. If his makeshift pack is still there, they are the type of people that would be invested in rebuilding the pack lands. They would want a place to call home, one that they could be proud of. It sounds like they just need the guidance of their Alpha.
he’s
Eli has told me several times that he’s not an Alpha, he only proclaimed himself to be one. But there is more to being an Alpha than just blood. Although I do think it's possible that Eli has Alpha blood, he also acts like a leader. He’s strong, compassionate and from everything I’ve gathered from what he’s told me, caring. He may not know exactly how to run a pack, but I have some of that knowledge, and as mates, we can build something together, helping each other as we go.
+10 SONOS
###Chapter 331
The last part of our trip takes us through the Blue Ridge mountains. It’s beautiful and I’m glad to be back in the Appalachian Mountain range again. When we get to our final bus stop, we grab our things and head out.
“The pack lands are about a two hour run in wolf form.” Eli tells me. “Excellent! Maia is dying to stretch her legs.”
We grab a quick lunch and then head into the forest range before shifting. I follow Eli as he keeps a steady pace. In this form, you can see more of the beauty of the mountains, the streams and everything that makes the mountain range majestic.
I pick up the scent of other wolves a second before Louis howls our arrival. Within moments, patrols are in our way, guarding the pack lands. I hope this is a good thing. It either means that they have been managing the pack well in his absence or someone else has taken it over.
Eli shifts and stands in front of the wolves. “Who is in charge here?” He asks.
One of the wolves shifts, looking briefly at Eli. “I am.
“He says
before looking at me. “Guardian.” He inclines his head toward Maia. “My name is Jared. How can I help you?” “Is Carlos still Beta here?” Eli asks.
Jared narrows his eyes. “He is.*
“Tell him Eli is home.”
“Alpha?” Jared asks.
“Yes.”
Jared inclines his head at Eli. “We had heard you were taken prisoner in a neighboring pack. We didn’t realize you’d escaped.” “I was released, and I found my mate.” He points to me.
“If I may, which Guardian is this?”
“My mate’s name is Grace, her wolf is Maia. Clint Nelson was killed in the vampire war and his Guardian spirit passed to Grace and Maia.”
“It's a pleasure to meet you, Maia, Grace.” Jared says to me. I notice the other wolves are also showing deference to Eli and to Maia.
“We'll escort you to the packhouse Alpha. Everyone will be happy that you've returned.” They both shift and we run to the packhouse.
It's been a long time since I’ve been on any pack lands. It almost gives me a sense of déja vu. As we get closer to the packhouse, I hear howls as people come running to see Eli. Wolves join our run and there is a happy yipping along with cheering from those in human form. This pack is happy to have their Alpha home. There is no fear, no anticipation, the only thing I can sense is happiness and excitement.
As we run up to the packhouse, I see a man standing there waiting for us. I can smell that he’s an Alpha, but something is off about his scent.
‘He has no wolf.” Maia says to me.
‘Awolf less Alpha? Like I was?”
‘Yes, but I don’t think he will get a wolf. His wolf isn’t waiting to awaken. I can’t feel a wolf in him at all.’ This must be Carlos. Eli said his appointed Beta was a wolf less Alpha.
Eli shifts and pulls on a pair of shorts before walking up to Carlos. “Alpha, it’s good to have you home.” Carlos says before the two embrace in a back—-thumping hug.
There are so many people that I’m uncomfortable shifting, but if I don’t, I won’t be able to talk. I begin to shift and immediately Eli is there with one of his large shirts, pulling it over my head before I can even stand.
“And I see you've brought a Guardian with you.” Carlos says, stepping up to me.” Welcome.” He says. I can see right away why Eli would want this man to be his Beta. He may not have a wolf, but he oozes confidence, while also putting you at
ease. “You must be Carlos.” I say, holding out my hand.
“Carlos, this is Grace, my mate. My fated mate.” Eli introduces me, stressing the fated part. “Grace, as you guessed, this is Carlos.”
I'm about to say something more when I hear a squeal and see a woman running full out toward Eli. In an instant, she has jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist and is kissing him soundly on the mouth. I have a moment. of stabbing pain in my chest before Maia takes over, ripping her out of Eli’s arms and sending her flying across the yard.
+15 BONOS
“Mine!” She says in a ferocious snarl, standing in between the woman on the
ground and Eli.
I feel Eli move behind me, his hands on my hips. “Shhh, Grace.”
But it's not me in control, Maia is out for blood and this bitch doesn’t know when to shut up. “I don’t see a mark on his neck, so he’s not yours.” The woman spits at me.
Maia spins around and I have a moment to see Eli’s stunned expression. “Maia.” He says, just as she leans forward and sinks her canines into his neck.
HONGE 
###Chapter 332
Never in a million years would I have dreamed that Crista would jump into my arms like we're long-lost lovers. There was a short time, over a year ago that we were, but that time is long past.
I'm angry because I know that Grace must have felt it when Crista kissed me, but I don’t even have time to react before Grace sends her flying, her rage and possessiveness slicing through the bond. I’m pleasantly surprised at her reaction. I knew we'd gotten closer during our time on the run, but she’s never actually claimed me. At least, not until now.
I move forward, wanting to soothe her, her aura is pulsing out of her angrily. I intend to tell her there is nothing between Crista and me, but Crista just has to open her mouth. You’d think after living so long on her own as a rogue that she’d have more self— preservation, but apparently not.
When Grace.turns and I see it's Maia, I have a moment to be shocked before she sinks her canines into my marking spot. The minute she does, I feel a rush of power like I have never felt before. I roar with the influx of energy and strength, one arm holding Grace against me while the other holds her head as Maia milks her canines into my flesh, pushing her venom into me, changing my scent to include hers. I can feel her need to show everyone here that I’m hers through the bond. She’s staking her claim.
Generally, wolves mark each other during the mating process and there’s a reason for that. Having the strongest orgasm of my life in front of my pack. members that I haven’t seen in over a year wasn’t on my to-do list. Add to that whatever this crazy power surge is that I’m feeling, and I really wish I was in a bed rather than standing in front of my pack, getting reacquainted.
All that aside, I wouldn’t change this. She marked me. She’s made me hers and she did it publicly in front of the entire pack. A sense of belonging and contentment that I’ve never felt before floods through my system.
The bond, already stronger after I marked her, just snapped into place, stronger than before. Tonight, we'll complete the mating process and then nothing can take her away from me.
“Mine.” I hear her say through our mind link, still milking her venom into me.
“Yes, baby, I’m yours.” I reply in our mind link as she finally pulls her canines. from my neck. I take her face in my hands and kiss her, opening our mind link and flooding her
+15 BONOS
with my love, admiration and pride.
“Mine.” She says quietly when I pull back. It’s deathly quiet and I know everyone heard her. “From the very first moment that I saw you.” I tell her.
“Eli?” I hear Crista whining.
I pull back, looking past Grace.
“Crista, meet my mate and your future Luna, Grace.”
Grace turns but I keep my arm wrapped around her, holding her in front of me. If she walks away, the evidence of my orgasm will be on display for everyone. And while I’m sure all mated couples know what just happened, I don’t want the pups. and unmated wolves witnessing this.
“Grace, this is Crista. She’s a member of the pack.”
“Crista, if you ever lay a hand on my mate again, you will face the wrath of an Alpha female and Guardian. Am I clear?” Grace's voice is deep, overlaid with
Maia’s.
I watch as Crista looks at me to see if I will intervene, but I have no intention of saying anything. Grace is my mate and the future Luna of this pack. I won’t undermine her authority in front of the pack.
Carlos steps up. “Alpha, perhaps you and Luna would like to wash up after your long journey. Your room is untouched.” “Thanks Carlos.” I kiss the top of Grace’s head. “Come on baby, let’s go get cleaned up.”
As we turn to go, Carlos stops me. “Alpha, you're here to stay, right?” “Yes. I’m not going anywhere.” 
###Chapter 333
Chapter 0333 “Good. We need to talk when you're settled.”
I nod. I’m sure there is a lot to catch up on, but I need to speak with Grace, and 1 need to call Rik and let him know we made it home.
I take Grace upstairs to what was my room. It’s not much, and there’s still so much work that needs to be done in this pack. As soon as we walk into the room, she turns to me.
“I'm sorry, Maia took over and I know we didn’t discuss it...”
I capture her lips with mine, showing her how happy I am that she claimed me. When I pull back, I look at her. “I’m not sorry, not for a moment. Do I wish that it had been a bit more private, yes. But you staking your claim on me in front of the entire pack? That was sexy as hell.”
“You're not mad?” “Mad that you marked me or mad that you did it in front of everyone?” “Mad that I marked you because that she—wolf*, she snarls the word, “touched what was mine.”
“Whatever your reasons, I’m glad you decided to mark me. I told you, with you, I have no limits. I’m yours Grace, yours and Maia’s.”
I kiss her nose. “Now, I need a shower to wash off the mess you made by marking me.” I smirk at her as I step back. “But tonight? Tonight I will make you mine in every sense of the word. Are you prepared for that?”
“Yes, Alpha.” She says, giving me a coy smile.
I can’t help the growl that escapes as I close the short distance to her taking her in a passionate kiss. “I feel more like an Alpha when you say it than I do any other time. Usually, I feel like an imposter.”
I turn and head to the shower, looking to make sure there are towels available.
“You're more of an Alpha than you realize, Eli. You may not recognize it, but everyone out there does.” Grace says as I walk into the bathroom and turn on the shower.
I step in, letting the water flow over my head. I feel Grace step in behind me. You've created something here, something special. People like us never had a place to go, a safe place to pick up the pieces and rebuild our lives. You’ve created
+15 BONOS that here. That makes you an Alpha. A good Alpha.” She says, running her hands. over my back.
I turn to her. “I know this isn’t the lifestyle that you probably had in mind when you thought about your future. But is this a life that you can see yourself having with me? There’s a lot of work that needs to be done, but I think, eventually, we could make it something amazing.”
“I would love to build a life with you, Eli, build something where others like us can come and be safe. A sanctuary for those that are lost or need assistance.”
I lean my forehead against hers. “How did I get so lucky to be mated to someone like you?”
She pulls away. “You mean a Guardian?”
I look at her. “No. Honestly, I wouldn’t care if you were an omega, or even a human. Hell, I thought you were a human when I first met you and I was coming back for you. Alpha Liam’s Beta is mated to a human and from what I hear, she’s incredible. It's not about your gifts, although I think you have to be special in order to receive the Guardian spirit. It's about who you are as a person, Grace. You may have been born an Alpha female, have become a Guardian, but you aren’t even having second thoughts about getting your hands dirty to build a pack almost from scratch.”
She steps back up to me, wrapping her arms around my waist. “I’m not foolish enough to think that this will be easy, and we both have a lot to learn about running a pack, but if we’re together, I think we can do it. I feel like together, we can do anything we put our minds to.”
Cooper Author
What do you think of these two building a pack together? 
###Chapter 334
When we finish showering, Eli calls Alpha Rik. He wants to meet, but I have Eli put him off. I haven’t even settled into this environment, and I don’t know what to expect from those two Alphas. They seem to have expectations of me as a Guardian, and I'm not ready for that yet.
When he’s done, he takes my hand, and we go in search of Carlos. We arrive at a door that is cracked open and we hear raised voices coming from inside.
“I don’t care that he’s back, this pack is mine!” An unfamiliar voice yells.
“And I told you before, you are not Alpha here. You do not make the rules and I will not step aside for you to ruin everything that we have built.” I recognize Carlos’s voice. It is strong and unwavering. Eli made a good choice making him Beta, wolf or no.
Eli walks in without knocking. “Is there a problem here?” He asks.
I take in the room. Carlos is standing behind a desk. Three other men are in the room, standing around his desk in an intimidating stance. The leader turns and looks at Eli.
“You've been gone for too long. You are no longer Alpha here.” He says to Eli.
“Is that so?” Eli says and I feel his aura push out. Once again, I have to wonder if he has Alpha blood. His aura is stronger than any Beta I have ever met, and I met a lot when I was a child.
I watch the other man flinch when Eli's aura hits him. Eli steps up to him, getting in his face. “I'll be more than happy to accept your challenge of my position as Alpha if that’s what this is.” Eli says in a quietly menacing tone.
The man looks from Eli to me. “Big words from a man who can hide behind a Guardian.”
I scoff. “Why would he hide behind me? He’s obviously the stronger fighter. I have no doubt he would put you down easily.” I say, letting this man know that there is no question in my mind that Eli could defeat him on his own.
“So, what's it going to be?” Eli asks him. It would be impossible for him to not be intimidated by Eli. Eli stands nearly a head taller than this guy and is at least four inches wider at the shoulders, and that’s not even talking about his muscle mass. Eli is all hard muscle. This guy looks like his only exercise is when he lets his wolf
run. +15 BONOS
“Fine.” He turns to his friends. “Let’s go.” He says and they begin to file out. He tries to shoulder check Eli as he passes, but it ends up back firing as Eli doesn’t budge and I watch the guy flinch from the contact.
When they leave, I reach over and close the door. Carlos sits heavily in the chair, running his hands over his face. “This is what I wanted to talk to you about.” He says, looking at Eli.
Eli pulls a chair out, standing behind it, waiting for me to sit. When I do, he takes the seat next to me. “So, talk.”
“There have been rumors of several wolves who plan to vie for the position of Alpha. You’ve been gone a long time and I’ve been able to fight some and maintain the peace, but without a wolf, I can only do so much. Christopher isn’t the only one.” He says motioning to the man who just left.
“How many?” Eli asks.
“Three to five, I’m not sure. And some may back off now that you’re back.” Eli nods, thinking. “Set up challenges for anyone that wants to fight me for the right to be Alpha. “Eli.” I say. This is not how I had hoped our first days would go.
He turns to me. “It’s the only way to get the pack in line. If there are questions about hierarchy, it will cause chaos. The sooner we work this out, the sooner we can begin to rebuild. This time, we'll make it official with an Alpha, Luna and Beta ceremony, having each member pledge themselves to us and the pack. I want to make this an official pack. I have other things to talk to Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam about, so I'll find out from them how we can do that.” 
###Chapter 335
“Okay, well, while you battle for your Alpha position, I can take a look at what needs to be done around here. How are you getting food and supplies for the pack. members?” I ask Carlos.
He sighs. “I don’t have anything structured in place. The pack has no way to make money, so me and some other warriors have been hunting, and some of the she—-wolves have built a garden to help supplement with fruits and vegetables.”
“I'll be working on the income, that’s one of my questions for Rik and Liam.” Eli says before turning to me. “And I think it would be good for both of us to get a tour of the pack. I need to see what has been done in my absence and you need to see what we’re up against.” He says, taking my hand and squeezing it.
I smile back at him. “I guess you're not the only one facing a challenge.” I say to him. As overwhelming and intimidating as all of this sounds, it also sounds exciting. I don’t want to say anything in front of Carlos just yet, but I still have quite a bit of money, which could go a long way toward at least getting food for the pack.
“How many pack members are there now?” Eli asks.
Carlos moves some papers around his desk before finding the one that he was looking for. “Currently, we're at just under 300 pack members.”
Eli whistles softly. “That’s considerably more than when I left.”
Carlos nods. “You know how it is. Too many people thrown out of their packs with no where to go. The word seems to have gotten out and I swear we have new people coming to our borders asking for sanctuary every day. I’ve been keeping a list, but when we have some money, it would be great to get a computer so we can keep electronic files of our members. By myself, I can barely keep up with the paperwork.”
“So, you need an assistant?” I ask. He laughs sardonically. “What I need is a mate that can act as the Beta female, but I doubt that’s in my future, not without a wolf.”
“I'll tell you a secret Carlos. I didn’t get my wolf until I turned 18 a couple of months ago. I was living alone, working in a diner just to keep myself from starving and being homeless. Then, I got my wolf and Guardian spirit all at once,
and now, here I am, mated to Eli, the Alpha of Pack and about to become a Luna. So you see, anything can happen. You're an Alpha, just like me. It doesn’t
matter if you have a wolf. I don’t know you well, but I can already tell that you have a lot to offer a mate. You'll find her.” I tell him. He’s run this pack on his own for a year. That says a lot about his strength and his compassion for the people in this pack.
He smiles at me sadly before changing the subject. “If you want, I can give you that tour now. I’ll get word out that anyone that wants to challenge you for the position of Alpha needs to let me know and I'll get it set up this week.”
We all stand. “Start setting it up tomorrow. The sooner the better.” Eli says.
Carlos raises his brow at Eli. “Are you sure you want to start tomorrow? I’m assuming you'll be completing your mate bond tonight. I doubt you'll be getting much sleep.”
Eli stops, looking at me, a mischievous smile on his face. I can feel my cheeks warming in my embarrassment of this open discussion of our upcoming sexual interaction. “Good idea. Start setting it up for the day after tomorrow.” He says
to Carlos.
Carlos tries unsuccessfully to hide his grin. “Yes, Alpha.”
Cooper 
###Chapter 336
As much as I'd like nothing better than to take my mate back upstals and complete our mating bond, I need to see the pack lands, I know there is a lot of work that needs to be done, but I’m hoping some has been done in my absence.
We don’t spend much time in the packhouse, I had started these repairs before 1 brought Cara here. It doesn’t appear that any more has been done. As we walk out back Carlos begins pointing out the structures that are being built.
“We're repurposing the concrete blocks from the dilapidated buildings around the pack to build homes for new families. As you can see over there,” he points to another group of houses, “Those houses had a strong structure, so we are just refurbishing those.”
“How do you keep track of which houses are full and which ones are available?” He looks at her sheepishly. “It’s another stack of papers that I have. I just try to keep up with have. N. how many families we have and how many unoccupied homes we
have. No one seems to mind doing the work if we can give them a house, but we ran out of structures and are now having to build more to keep up with the influx of people.”
All around the pack, people are working. Some are breaking down buildings that are crumbling, some toting salvageable concrete blocks from the broken—down buildings to a stack where they can be used for new construction. I can see at the edge of the forest line, a number of trees have been cut down. “I’m guessing that those trees were used for lumber?” I ask, pointing to where several tree stumps.
are in view. “Yes. It wasn’t ideal, but we needed more supplies, and that was our only option.” Carlos says. to
There’s so much work and so much money needed to bring this pack up normal standards. I’m glad to hear that people are just happy to have a place to live, but in the end, the pack has to run on more than just labor.
We walk up to a fenced in area and I see lots of plants in various stages of growth. “This is the garden.” Carlos says as a woman I don’t know stands up.
“Good afternoon, Alpha. Luna. Beta.” She inclines her head to first me, then Grace, then Carlos. Grace steps forward. “What are you growing here?” She asks and the woman puts down her spade and
+15 BONOS
pulls off her gloves.
“I'm happy to give you a quick tour if you'd like.”
“I would love that.” Grace says, looking at me. I nod in agreement. It will be good to know what we can grow here versus what we need to buy.
“lm Maddison.” She says, extending her hand. Grace steps up, shaking her hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Maddison. I’m Grace. and this is Eli.”
Maddison smiles. “Yes, word travels fast around here. And please, call me Maddie.” She looks at me. “Good to have you home Alpha.”
She turns and begins showing us around the garden. There’s quite a variety of plants, from tomatoes and pepper plants to melons, beets and broccoli. There are also peach trees, apple trees and blueberry and blackberry bushes. The garden is extensive, and it would need to be to be able to feed 300 pack members.
“How many people help you work the garden?” Grace asks her.
“Right now, while we’re just making sure the plants are watered and parasites aren't getting into the food and eating it, there are about five of us that come out and look after the plants. During harvesting and planting times, we need many more people just given the number of plants that we have.”
“And how do you go about getting people to assist you?” Grace continues her questioning. I can see her wheels turning, but I’m not exactly sure what she’s thinking.
“We ask and we hope.” Maddie tells her. “But mostly, people want to eat, so it’s not hard to get helpers. Plus, it’s a great way to get the pups involved and keep them busy.”
We finish our tour of the garden, thanking Maddie before moving on to the patrols. “Carlos, how are you setting up patrols?”
“We have several men and women that have done patrols in the past. I have assigned patrol leaders for each team on every shift. Shifts run in 8-hour increments with a break for food alternating between the shifts, so the borders are always monitored.”
“Have there been any attempts from other packs to breach the borders?” I ask.
“Not many. Most don’t realize that we’re here and when they do, they are easily diverted around our pack lands. Only a couple had to be encouraged to move along.” He says. I’m guessing by ‘encouraged’ he means there was a fight and
our side won. 
###Chapter 337
Chapter 0337 “What about warrior training?” I ask.
“That’s been a bit problematic. Almost no one wants me leading the training since I don’t have a wolf. We've had a couple other warriors step up, but their training isn’t up to your standards. Also, those are the men most likely to challenge you for Alpha. They feel as if they’ve been running the pack because they lead the warrior training.”
I stop and look at him. “So, you haven't been involved in warrior training at all?” I'm shocked. Carlos has extensive training as an Alpha, even without a wolf.
“Oh I train, but it’s with the she-wolves and pups. The Lead Warriors haven't wanted the she—-wolves to participate in regular training.”
The sun is starting to set as we begin to make our way back to the packhouse. ” I'd like to look over the patrol schedules tomorrow and after this Alpha challenge mess is handled, you and I will be taking over warrior training.”
“What about the women?” Grace asks me.
“Oh, I can’t wait to see those she—-wolves hand the warriors their asses. I won’t know for sure until I see them, but I trust Carlos’s assessment of the Lead Warriors’ skills. And if they are as lacking as he’s said, the group that Carlos has been training will wipe the floor with them.”
Carlos has a huge, smug smile on his face. “Yeah, they will.”
When we get back to the packhouse, we go to the kitchens. The number of people who are working in the kitchen is severely lacking, given the number of people they need to cook for.
“Why are there so few kitchen staff?” Grace asks.
“Honestly, I haven’t had time to even begin thinking about interviewing and hiring staff for the kitchens and the pack house. It’s all I can do to manage the one training I have, keeping up with construction and keeping track of the new families entering the pack. And that's if no one is contesting Eli’s claim as Alpha and I have to fight or play peacekeeper.”
I bring my hand to Carlos’s shoulder. “You’ve done an amazing job. And you're not alone any longer. Grace and I will begin helping and will take a lot of this burden off of you.”
“I'm truly grateful for that. I can’t tell you what a relief it was to see you when
YRIT
you got here.”
“I'll start with the kitchen and packhouse staff tomorrow while you two go over the patrol schedules.” Grace says. “Thank you, Grace.” Carlos says and I can see the relief on his face.
We grab the plates that are already filled with food. The amount of food is only half what should be provided given the faster metabolism of wolves, but at least there is something for people to eat.
As we sit and eat, I make note of the atmosphere in the room. Many seem happy that I have returned, but there are definitely a couple of groups that are obviously unhappy. I decide to nip this in the bud right
now you
I stand, clearing my throat and wait for the room to quiet down. “Many of know me, but for those that don’t, I am Alpha Eli, and this is my pack. I have been informed by my Beta, Carlos, that some of you may think that you would be better Alphas than I am. Beta Carlos will be scheduling Alpha challenges starting the day after tomorrow. Anyone who wishes to challenge me, get with your Beta and he will set it up.”
I'm intentionally calling Carlos my Beta over and over. It seems that some have forgotten who and what he is to this pack, and I plan to remind them.
“What if we defeat you?” Someone asks from the back.
“As with any Alpha challenge, the winner becomes Alpha of the pack.” “Will it be a battle of submission or death?” Another person shouts out.
“I will leave that up to the contender. I would rather have a battle of submission. I do not want to kill anyone needlessly, but if someone feels that strongly that it must be a battle to the death, I won’t hesitate to kill them.”
“What about your Guardian?” “My mate,” I stress the word, “will not interfere with the Alpha challenge.”
I field a few more questions before sitting down and finishing my dinner. When Grace is finished, I take her hand and lead her out of the dining hall.
It's time to complete our bond.. 
###Chapter 338
As we walk up the stairs toward Eli's room, I start asking questions, trying to alm my aerves. I know what’s coming and while I’m no longer timid about completing the bond with Eli, it is something new and unknown for me.
Most girls probably learn about sex from their mothers or their friends. Unfortunately for me, my mother was suffering from my father’s relationships with other women, and I couldn't bring myself to approach the subject with her. Add to that, her death when I turned 16 and my utter lack of friends, I don’t know more than the basics of what to expect. So, to try to ease my nerves, I ask Eli something that I’ve been wondering about.
“Were these always the Alpha’s rooms?
“No, actually the floors for the ranked wolves were on the other side of the packhouse. I couldn’t bear to be in my old room, and I didn’t want to be in Alpha Jerome’s or Alpha James‘ old rooms after what they did to my family, so I moved the ranked wolves to this side of the packhouse and that side is meant for visitors, but based on what we learned today, I’m pretty sure it’s full of people waiting for housing.”
He opens the door for me, and we walk into our room. I look around at it more this time, seeing the bare walls and basic furniture. Eli comes up
behind me, wrapping his arms around me. “Once the pack starts making money, you can decorate this room any way you'd like. I know it’s not much...” He starts to say, but I turn around and put my finger to his lips.
“I like that we are starting our life together, that everything we build, buy or decorate will be both of ours. Usually, the woman has to assimilate to her mate’s space. Everything in our life will be both of ours, not yours or mine.”
He rubs his nose against mine. “Do you know how utterly perfect you are Grace?” He kisses me gently. “Are you ready to complete our mating bond?”
I take a deep breath and step back. I don’t know where my sudden confidence. comes from, but I decide to take control, at least at first.
I begin unbuttoning my shirt, watching Eli's eyes darken. “Take off your clothes, Eli.” I tell him, continuing to take off mine.
He never takes his eyes off me as he removes his shirt and pulls his shorts and boxers down, kicking them aside and standing naked in front of me. A growl of pleasure rumbles in my chest as Maia and I take in our gorgeous mate.
+15 BONOS
After I slide my shorts and panties off, I walk up to him. “Give me your hand.” When he does, I take his fingers and slide them between my wet folds. I watch as his eyes close, his nostrils flaring as he smells my arousal. “Does it feel like I’m ready to complete our bond, Eli?”
He opens his eyes and looks at me. “Yes it does, Grace.” “Did you want to taste me, Alpha?” I saw how it affected him before, so I decide to call him Alpha again. His growling response
was instantaneous, causing my core to clench and heat to flood my walls, dripping down my thighs. He pulls his hand from between my legs and slides them into his mouth, licking them clean. “You taste like cherries.” He says to me.
“On your knees, Alpha.” I wasn’t sure he would do it, but he does, without fighting me at all. When he’s kneeling in front of me, I lift one leg over his shoulder, running my fingers through his hair. “Taste me, Alpha.”
The words are barely out of my mouth before he’s devouring me. He’s like a starving man and I’m the only food he’s had in weeks. His hands have gone to my ass, pulling me toward him, holding me in place. 
###Chapter 339
Between his skilled tongue and both of our emotions flooding the bond, my orgasm comes hard and fast. I grip his shoulder, trying to stay standing and he continues his onslaught. One hand slips between my thighs and he slides two fingers inside me, slowing the movement of his tongue to the rhythm of his fingers.
I begin to whimper as I feel his fingers twisting inside me, building up the pressure again. When he curls his fingers, hitting that perfect spot and sucks down hard on my clit, my knees go weak, and I scream his name as another orgasm rips through me.
His growling response only heightens my orgasm as my body contracts over and over. His fingers slide out of me, his hands going under my legs to my lower back as he pushes his other shoulder under my leg and lifts me, standing with his mouth still sucking on my clit.
My body contracts over him as he carries me to the bed, laying me down before sliding his fingers inside me again. This time, he keeps the faster speed, his fingers sliding in and out of me, his tongue swirling around my clit over and over, until he pushes me over the crest again and I feel myself clamp down hard on his fingers.
His fingers continue to slide in and out as he lifts his head. “I like when you scream my name in pleasure, Grace.” His voice is rough and growly and I feel my pussy clench at the sound.
He slides us up the bed, coming to lay over top of me. I wrap my arms around him, holding on to him as his mouth comes to mine, dominating me. His tongue. swiping across mine, so I can taste myself on his tongue.
He pulls back, his forehead against mine. He takes one hand between us, grabbing his hardened length and rubbing it against my entrance. “Are you ready?”
The minute I nod, he thrusts himself all the way inside me. The pain is immediate and intense, making me gasp. He begins kissing me again, holding still, letting me adjust to his size and length. It takes a few minutes for my body to stretch around him, but when the pain subsides, I begin to feel an ache deep inside me. I need him to move, to ease the ache.
He seems to know what I need and begins to slide in and out of me, slowly at first, but as my need for him grows, his speed increases. He reaches down,
+16 BONOS pulling my knee up, changing the position slightly but allowing him to go even deeper.
I scratch my nails down his back. “Eli.” I say, not sure if I’m asking, begging or demanding. I just know I need something and he’s the only one that can give it to
1. me.
His speed increases to a brutal pace, pounding into me until I no longer know where I end and he begins. It only takes another minute before my orgasm rips. through me, causing me to see stars.
“I love you, Grace.” He says a moment before his canines sink into my neck, officially marking me as his. I scream his name, my walls clamping down hard on his dick as my own canines come out and I sink them into his marking spot. His roar of pleasure comes a moment before I feel the heat of his cum coating my insides while we continue to milk our canines into each other.
We don’t remove our teeth from each other until both of us have come down. Then we slide our canines out, licking the spot to seal it.
I take Eli’s face in my hands. “I love you too, Eli.”
Cooper
Author
And the bond is completel 
###Chapter 340
I love waking up wrapped around my mate, smelling her cherry blossom scent. Her body fits against mine perfectly and her breast sits in my hand as my arm wraps comfortably around her waist. She’s perfect in every way.
I was thrilled to see her showing her Alpha nature last night, telling me what she wanted and controlling the situation, until she wasn't. I knew there would come a point where her confidence and lack of knowledge would shift, and I would take
over.
I'm not sure she recognizes the impact she has on me when she calls me Alpha. It's empowering to have a strong, dominant woman call me Alpha. Coming from my mate, it’s exhilarating.
I had planned to be gentler, taking things slowly last night, but between her taking control, calling me Alpha and the feelings flooding through the bond between us, I lost the battle in my head and my body took over. She assured me that she was fine last night, just a little sore. So, I didn’t take her again, even though my body was ready almost immediately. Instead, I tucked her against me, in my favorite sleeping position and we both fell asleep.
I feel her coming awake and I know what she wants when she begins to arch her back, rubbing herself against my already hardened length.
“Good morning baby. How are you feeling?” I ask her, rubbing my hand over her hip and waist.
“Good morning. I feel good, and I’m ready for more of what you gave me last night.” She says, pushing her bottom against me and wiggling it enough to have me hissing.
I slide my hand to her breast and tug on her nipple, causing her to moan. I move my hand to her backside and lift her leg slightly before lining my dick against her entrance. “Is this what you want baby?”
“Yes, Alpha.” And that’s all it takes before I’m sliding into her warm, wet folds. This time, I take my time, playing first with her nipples then with her clit. I love feeling her walls contracting around me and by her third orgasm, I can’t hold back any longer and I let myself release inside her.
When we've both come down, I nip at her neck and shoulder playfully. “You know exactly what you’re doing when you call me Alpha, don’t you?”
Her soft chuckle is all the answer I need. ‘I like this position. We'll have to use it
more often.” She says instead of answering me.
I nibble on her car. “There are many positions, and we'll try them all. You can tell me which ones are your favorite.” Yes
“Mmmin, Alpha.” My sexy mate says as she arches against me, causing me to go hard again inside her. So, I take her again in her new favorite position.
After showering, I take her hand and we walk downstairs together to the dining hall. I find Carlos there, but very few others. He looks up and smiles. “All good?” He asks.
“Perfect.” I say and pull Grace’s hand up, kissing her knuckles. I love watching the blush that colors her cheeks.
I turn back to Carlos. “Where is everyone?”
“Well, it's a bit late, so most everyone is already working in the areas they are assigned. Would you like to get started on the patrols?” He asks.
I look at Grace. “What are you planning to do today?”
“I was going to start with the kitchens and see what we have as far as staff, supplies, etcetera. How about you go get
and bring it up to you. Carlos, have you ed, and I'll fix us something to eat
“I'm fine, thank you Luna.”
“Okay then. I'll see you in a bit.” She says.
“Mind link me if you need anything baby.”
She asks, turning to him.
I watch her walk off to the kitchen. “She will make a good Luna.” Carlos says.
“Yes, she will.” I say as I follow him to his office. I realize I need to allocate a space for my office and one for Grace as well.
Carlos and I spend the next hour going over the patrol schedules, looking at the new pack members that have yet to be assigned to work and identifying those that may be added to the patrol schedule.
Grace had a tray of food sent up and even though Carlos said he had eaten, she still sent food for him. As we eat, we go over the list of pack members and where everyone is housed. I was correct that almost every room in the packhouse is full. “Where do you plan to put new people coming in? You said new folks are coming in almost every day
He nods. Honestly, I was planning to start putting them on the Beta and Gamma floors. You never assigned a Gamma, so that floor is still vacant and other than me, the Beta floor is vacant.”
“What about the first floor? There used to be lots of rooms for omegas.”
He nods again. “There still are. However, omegas are a lot of who we get coming to our borders. They’ve been abused, raped, mistreated and have found their way here. There isn’t one room that doesn’t have two or more omegas. We have someone that knows how to build furniture, so some of that wood we cut went to making bunk beds so we could house them all.
As we talk, I realize that many of the wolves that have come in are unmated, either never having found their mate, having been rejected or having lost their mate. It would be worth while talking to Rik and Liam about having our packs co- mingle to see if any of their unmated wolves are mates with mine. I make a mental note and add that to my growing list of things to discuss with them.
Rik is insistent that I need to bring Grace to see them. He feels confident that once she sees them, her memories will come flooding back. It’s possible, but we also have a lot to work on here. Until the Alpha challenges are complete, or until Grace decides that she’s ready to meet them, it’s not my top priority.
The morning flies by and another omega knocks on Carlos’s door. When she comes in, it looks like Grace has sent up lunch. I look at the clock. It’s already early afternoon.
As we eat, I make a plan for the rest of the day. “I'll take the interviews of the new pack members to see which ones might qualify to be added to the patrol
rotation.” I say, taking the stack of folders that Carlos uses to keep track of our pack members.
“I'm going to check on Grace before I get started and see if she needs anything.” “I'd like to stretch my legs too.” Carlos says, standing with me.
We grab our trays and head to the kitchen. When we get there, I stop in my tracks, amazed at what I’m seeing. 
###Chapter 341
After leaving Eli and Carlos, I head straight to the kitchens. There are only four people working cleaning up from breakfast and getting ready for lunch.
“Hello everyone.” I say as I walk in. They are three omegas and Maddie. “Hi Maddie. You work in the kitchens, too?” I ask.
“Yes, Luna. May I introduce you to Camila, Eleanor, and Abigail. They all go by their nicknames like me, so you can call them Cammy, Ellie and Abby.”
“Hello ladies, it’s nice to meet you. I’m Grace.” I say.
They all incline their heads and quietly say hello. I look at Maddie and I can see that this behavior is not unexpected. Well, they aren't here because they were treated well at their last pack, and the only way they will learn that I’m different is to work with me, side by side.
Okay.” I say, clapping my hands together. I notice immediately that the three omegas jump at the sound. “First. This is a safe place. No one here will hurt you. Not me and not Alpha Eli. Okay?” I wait until all three look at me and nod their heads.
“Good. Second, you are woefully understaffed in this kitchen. We need more helpers and I plan to get you some. But before we do that, I need to know what you can do, and what you are good at. I want to make sure that we put the right people into the right positions. It won’t help us to put someone who can’t boil water in the kitchens.” I say, eliciting a laugh from everyone.
“So, Maddie, let’s start with you. What do you do in the kitchens and what are you good at? I'd also like to know what you used to do and what you want to do.” I started with Maddie intentionally. She isn’t as skittish as the omegas, and this will help them realize I don’t have any ulterior motives.
“Well, Luna, I only started in the kitchens because I was bringing in the food from the garden. I stayed when I realized they needed help. I usually clean the vegetables and prepare it for whatever is being cooked, if they know what they need. And, if I have a choice, I’d like to continue to work in the garden. I like working with my hands.” She says, shrugging.
I nod, looking at the other three. “Cammy, how about you?”
She is picking at her clothes, looking at the floor. “I used to help cook in my last pack.” “That’s great. What do you know how to cook?”
“I can cook stews, soups and any kind of meat.”
“That’s wonderful, you're hired.” I smile at her, earning a small smile in return.
I turn to Eleanor. “How about you Ellie?”
“I don’t know how to cook. I’ve just been searching for what we need or finding replacements when we didn’t have what Cammy wanted for the meal.”
“Perfect, you're hired as a stock person.”
“And last, but certainly not least", I turn to Abigail. “How about you, Abby?”
“I do what everyone else tells me to do.”
“A sous chef! You're hired.” I tell her, smiling.
She smiles softly back at me. “So, first, I need to make something to eat for Eli and Carlos. What do we have?”
While I mix up peppers and mushrooms with some sausage left over from a wild pig that was caught, I continue to talk to the girls.
“Who makes meal plans?” They all look at each other, then at me before shrugging.
“I usually just figure something out based on what has come in or what we have.” Cammy says.
“And what were you thinking for lunch?” I ask.
I see Maddie from the corner of my eye. She’s washing vegetables but paying attention to our interaction.
Cammy looks at Abby. “We haven't decided yet. We're still cleaning up from breakfast.”
“Right, so first, do you know anyone that wants to work in the kitchens?”
Their eyes go wide. “Yes. There are many that want to help but don’t know where to go. Beta is very busy and doesn’t have time to assign everyone to a position.”
I pour scrambled eggs over the omelet innards I’ve cooked, letting the eggs. bubble and cover the vegetables and sausage. “Abby, do you know who might be willing to assist?”
“Yes Luna.”
I turn to face her, giving her a smile. My mouth is starting to hurt with all this smiling, but I want them to feel comfortable around me.
+15 BONDS
“Good, go get them. Anyone that wants to work, bring them here. I’m going to do a mass interview today and give people something to do to help in the pack.” Abby runs off to go get helpers..
“Now, Ellie. What do we have in stock that can use for lunch and dinner today?” I ask as I finish up the omelets and begin plating them for Eli and Carlos.
“Oh, well, I'm not sure yet.” Abby says, opening the refrigerator.
“We have some ham left over from the wild pig and some large pieces of pork.” I walk over and look at what we have. It’s not enough to feed everyone as we should, but it’s enough to feed everyone something.
###Chapter 342
Chapter 0342 “Do we have bread?”
“Yes.” Abby says before turning to me, guessing what I’m going to say. “And cheese and lettuce. But no mayonnaise or mustard.” She grimaces at me. “We can’t afford it yet.” So, the whole pack knows how poor we are. I guess that’s a good thing. It manages expectations.
I'm about to direct us to start lunch preparations when I hear loud footsteps running into the kitchen. Two young girls stop suddenly when they see me.
“Luna.” They say in unison and bow their heads.
“We heard you needed helpers.” One says.
“We're here to help.” The other says..
“That’s wonderful. We need all the help we can get.” I tell them. They smile and look at each other before back at me. “So, who wants to take this to your Alpha and Beta?” I ask.
The first girl steps up. “I will.”
We grab a tray and while we are putting the food on the tray, the second girl pours them each a drink.
“They are in the Beta’s office. Off you go.” I tell her before turning to the second girl.
“What's your name?” I ask and that is how the rest of my morning goes.
We get set up to make ham and cheese sandwiches for lunch. There are not chips, but we do have lots of potatoes, so I have them cut them into thin slices and we bake them until they are crisp, making homemade potato chips.
More helpers come in and I begin to assign them to their duties. I have Cammy working on slow cooked pulled pork for tonight and have some others using what we have to make something similar to a barbeque sauce.
As the first group of patrols come in, I have some omegas take the plates out to the tables, serving the group. There is a moment of surprise before they settle in and begin to eat. We continue this process through the next rotations.
I make a couple sandwiches for Eli and Carlos, making sure to grab one for myself, since I skipped breakfast, choosing to feed Carlos my helping of food instead. I wasn’t confident that he’d eaten.
As I send an omega to take the food to Eli and Carlos, I stop to take inventory of how things are going. There is a lot of happy chatter and excitement. Omegas, in general, are used to being mistreated and unappreciated in packs. However, in my experience, they are the backbone of every pack. Without them, the packs would fail apart. They work hard and they appreciate having a job. It makes them feel needed and an integral part of the pack, which they are. But they also thrive. when they are acknowledged for their hard work, just like everyone else.
lam standing in the pantry that is so poorly stocked that it’s hardly worth calling it a pantry, when the kitchen goes quiet.
I turn and see Eli and Carlos holding the tray and empty plates that I sent up to them. Both of their mouths are open slightly and their eyes are wide. I quickly look around and see that every omega’s eyes are now on the floor. These poor people are so used to being mistreated by their leaders.
“Alpha. Beta.” I say, stepping out of the pantry and walking toward them. “What a surprise to see you.”
Eli steps up to me. “Grace. What is going on?” I can hear the awe in his voice, but I also know that his words are causing concern with the omegas. They don’t know how to interpret his question. I need to guide this conversation so he understands that he must tread lightly.
“Your omegas have stepped up and are working to make sure that your pack members are fed not only lunch, but also dinner. Aren't you proud of them, Alpha?” I say, hoping he'll catch on.
He looks at me for a moment before reaching out to kiss my forehead. “I don’t know that I’ve ever been prouder of my pack members.” He says, walking into the kitchen.
“Tell me, what do we have here?” He asks, pointing to some food preparation.
An omega looks at me and I nod encouragingly at her. “Well, Alpha, we have a lot of potatoes that were harvested recently. For lunch we made homemade potato chips and for dinner, we’re going to make roasted rosemary potatoes with rosemary from our garden.”
He looks at her, touching her shoulder gently, ignoring the way she flinches and smiles at her. “That sounds delicious.” He says. In true omega fashion, they all want their Alpha’s approval, so many start talking at once. Eli is incredible. He takes time to go to each one, listening to what they are doing and giving them approval and praise for their hard work. Carlos jumps in as well and adds some extra comments and praise.
+15 BONOS
The overall mood returns to one that is relaxed and happy as Eli returns to my side.
“Have I mentioned how amazing you are?” He says quietly.
I look up at him. “All I did was organize the people in our pack. They are the amazing ones.”
Cooper
Author
Luna Grace for the win!
###Chapter 343
The difference in the kitchen from this morning to now is almost unrecognizable. When Carios and I walk in, I don’t know what to say. Thankfully, my unbelievable mate cues me in that I need to help our omegas feel comfortable and positive about their work.
I make sure to go to each one and listen to what they are doing and praise them for their hard work. In my experience, omegas look to their ranked members, but specifically their Alphas, for praise and reinforcement that they are doing well. Knowing that every one of them is here because they were mistreated, I want to set a new standard that, as their Alpha, they are very much appreciated.
When I'm done, I walk back over to Grace. “I need to do some work on scheduling patrols. I just wanted to check on you and see how things were going, but I apparently am not needed here.” I tell Grace with a smile. I still can’t believe the transformation in the kitchen. And based on some of the warrior’s faces, they are also surprised that they are being served like they would be ina normal pack.
I pull Grace into me, holding her close. “What do you have planned for the rest of the day, baby?”
“I need to make a food plan and figure out what food we have and what we need. Then I want to start on the packhouse and begin to inventory our supplies, rooms and find some workers who want to be a part of the packhouse cleaning crew. I have a couple already from this morning, but we'll need more than that.” “Do you need anything from me?” I ask her, not sure that she does at this point. “We need more meat. The pig that they caught a couple days ago will be gone after dinner tonight. Is it possible to send some wolves out this afternoon to hunt some more meat for the pack?” She asks.
I look at Carlos. “Who do you have that usually goes out to hunt?”
“I usually go with the lead warriors that aren’t on duty.” He says.
“Perhaps you and I should go instead. What do you think?” I ask him.
His answering smile is all the answer I need.
“We'll be back with more food shortly.” I kiss Grace, leaving her to her work, knowing she has it all in hand.
When Carlos and I walk out, there are several warriors coming in from their patrol. One steps up to us before we pass. “Beta Carlos, Alpha Eli, may I have a word?”
“Noah. What can we do for you?” Carlos asks.
“I noticed that the kitchen is being staffed better today, but that also means we will need additional food. I just came off shift and was wondering when you might be going out to hunt again. I’d like to join you.
I look at Carlos to get his read on Noah. I’m not getting any discontent from him, but Noah addressed him, so I decide to let Carlos answer.
“We're heading out now, Noah. You're welcome to join us.” Carlos tells him. He falls in line with us, and we begin heading to the forest again. “I saw that you caught a wild pig before. What other game do you hunt in these woods?” I ask as we continue walking.
It's Noah that responds. “The wild pigs are plentiful and have become nuisance animals, so it's good to hunt those. Also, there are plenty of deer in the forest. Besides that, there are duck, rabbits, turkey and bear in this area. We haven't caught a bear as of yet, but that would definitely help feed the pack. We do periodically send the older pups out to fish as well.”
“I take it you’re one of the primary hunters for the pack?” I ask, wondering if he is one of my contenders tomorrow. “That’s correct Alpha. And I should be honest and let
u know I’ve put my name in for the Alpha challenge tomorrow. No offense to you at all, but this pack needs a strong leader and I feel I could be that leader.”
“Understood and thank you for your honesty. That's also a quality that an Alpha needs, but many don’t have.”
“In my opinion, Noah is the strongest contender for your position Alpha.” Carlos
says. I turn to Noah. “Then I expect good things from you during our hunt today, Noah.”
“Same goes, Alpha.” We chuckle as we strip out of our clothes before shifting. I let them lead me to the area where they usually hunt. Several hours later, we have deer, rabbits and turkeys that we begin to carry back.
‘Nice job, Noah. Your wolf is an excellent hunter.” “Thank you, Alpha, but he’s not quite as good as yours.”
“Louis and I have been hunting our own food for most of our lives.” I reply as we continue to toward the packhouse. “If you don’t mind me asking, what brought you to this pack, Noah?”
“Not at all. I know almost everyone here has a story that brought them to this pack. It makes us unique from other packs. My story isn’t terrible. I was the second son of a Beta. My brother took over when the Alpha’s son took over as Alpha.” I watch as he shrugs his shoulders, eyes lost in the past. 
###Chapter 344
“I never wanted to be the Beta. I knew that position was meant for my brother. Unfortunately, I was stronger and faster than my brother in most ways and it made him jealous, concerned that I would take his position in the pack. I got tired of fighting with my brother about it, worrying what he would do next to try to undermine me. When he made up rumors about me wanting to take his position and went to the new Alpha with his claim, the Alpha gave me two choices fight of the position or leave the pack. I chose to leave.”
He looks at me and shrugs again. “As I said, I didn’t want the position.”
“But now you want to be Alpha?” I question. A Beta position is a lot of work, but an Alpha position is even harder if it’s done right.
“I want this pack to thrive. And no offense to you Beta, but with no leader that has a wolf, I’ve felt that the pack has been lacking a true leader. Too many people are depending on this pack’s survival, too many need this to survive themselves. I don’t believe that everyone that wants the Alpha position deserves it, so I decided to throw my hand in as well.”
“Caring about your pack members is another great quality for a ranked member, Noah. You seem to have many qualities that make you a good candidate for Alpha.”
“Thank you, I appreciate that.” He says as we arrive at the back of the packhouse.
We drop the carcasses at the door and I step inside to let Grace know we have food. Carlos and Noah follow me and all three of us groan at the smells coming from the kitchen. It smells divine.
“Grace.” I call out to her as we walk to the kitchen. I watch as she comes around the side of the kitchen, looking perfectly mussed. She’s been working while we were gone. Her hair is in disarray and she has something smudged on her cheek. My need to touch her overwhelms me and I move to her, taking her in my arms.
She takes a whiff. “Phew, you smell like the hunt and death. Does this mean we have more meat?”
“You smell like bleach and fabric softener, so I guess we're even.” I tell her, stealing another kiss.
“And yes, we caught three bucks, several rabbits and a few turkeys.” I tell her, watching as her eyes light up. She turns, stepping out of my grasp and claps her hands. The chatter in the
kitchen immediately silences.
“Who here knows how to skin and strip a deer carcass?” She asks the room at large. Five hands go up. “You five, you're on deer duty.” She turns, looking at Carlos and Noah. “Where are the carcasses usually prepped?” “I'll show them.” Carlos says and motions to the five individuals that will begin working on the deer meat. “Anyone know how to strip a rabbit or turkey?” She asks again and a few more hands go up.
She turns to Noah. “Where can we clean the smaller animals?”
“I know where we can do it, Luna.” One of the
One of the omegas says to her.
“Okay Jesse, you lead the way. Make sure to take whatever knives you will need. When you're done, bring the meat back here and we'll figure out how to store it.” She says.
“Oh and, bring the turkey carcasses back with you. I can use them to make a turkey soup.” Cammy, one of the girls from this morning says.
“You heard her, we'll take the turkey carcasses too.”
Achorus of “Yes Luna” follows as they rush to begin their work.
Then my mate turns on me. “You!” She says pointing at me. My smile drops.. Me?” I ask, not sure what she’s about to say. “And you.” She points to Noah. “What’s your name?”
I see Noah trying hard not to smile at my mate in all her Alpha glory. Luna.”
“Noah,
“Noah, you and Eli need to hit the showers. You both smell and are stinking up my kitchen. Off you both go. Dinner will be ready in about an hour and a half and we'll be serving at the tables. Spread the word.”
“Yes Luna” He says, before grinning at her and turning on his heel. I’m right behind him, but I stop and grab Grace from behind, pulling her into my chest.
“You are sexy as fuck when you are in charge like this.” I whisper in her ear. I immediately smell her arousal and feel her push her backside against me. She turns and looks at mé over her shoulder. “You can show me just how much you like it tonight.....Alpha.”
I growl low and deep in my chest, letting it reverberate through both of us. “Oh I
definitely will little mate.”
With that, I join Noah as we begin to head to the stairs in the front of the packhouse. “She is an excellent Luna.” He says. “That she is.”
Cooper
Author
Grace is definitely in charge!
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 345
After Eli and Carlos went hunting, I turned to Maddie who had just returned from the garden. “Can you begin to make a list of items we need to stock the pantry. Eli and Carlos are going back out for meat, but I know we're lacking in condiments and I’m sure many other things.”
“Of course, Luna. Happy to help.”
I begin to interview the new omegas that are streaming into the kitchen. Those that had no cooking experience but have some cleaning experience are now joining us to get assignments in the packhouse.
I start with kitchen and dining room clean up, adding the community bathrooms on this floor to the list. I find someone that was a Lead Omega in her previous pack and set her up with a helper to go room by room in the packhouse to find out how many people are in each room and what supplies they need and cleaning rounds they would like.
As with the pantry, the linens and towel supply are dreadfully low. We'll have to set up a rotation of washing linens and towels so that we don’t run out. I assign another person to begin working on what that rotation will look like. Then we get started on making sure that all the currently unused towels and linens are clean, as many are just in a pile on the floor.
I have Maddie add cleaning supplies to our list of needed items. We're making good progress and I’m a sweaty but happy mess when Eli, Carlos and another man I don’t recognize come back from their hunt.
Once I get the assignments made for cleaning the fresh animals brought in and take a moment to tease my mate, I send him on his way.
I pull Cammy and another omega with extensive, but different cooking experience over and begin talking about the meals we can cook with the meat that we have. We come up with meal plans for the next week and I ensure that the amount of meat that will be fed to the pack members will increase. We have Maddie add the missing ingredients to her list as we go.
“Luna, if I may,” Autumn, the omega with cooking experience says. Her sister, Summer, is the Lead Omega I sent to inventory the rooms. They are from the same pack and ran together to escape.
“We could get egg-laying hens and build a coop near the packhouse. The women that look after the garden could look after the hens and young pups always like to collect eggs. If we get them at various ages, then we’d have a consistent flow of
+15 BONGE
egg layers. And if we decided that we had enough eggs at any point, we could always let the chicks grow and have more of our own egg layers or decide we want some as meat. It would be another way that we could be self-sufficient.”
“Excellent idea.” I have Maddie make a note to research this. Without a computer, it may be difficult unless there are some local hen sellers.
As dinner time gets closer, I have the omegas begin plating food, while others set the tables for dinner. As we are about done, a couple of women come in carrying small baskets of flowers.
“Hello Luna. I’m Victoria and this is lvy. We work with Maddie in the garden, and she told us what you are doing here. We're so excited to finally have structured mealtimes that we thought it would be nice to have centerpieces for the tables to celebrate, so we picked some flowers from the forest to put at the tables.”
“They're perfect. Thank you both.” We place them on the tables, just as the warriors begin coming in. They immediately see the tables set and stop, looking
at me. “Have a seat everyone. Tonight, we are having pulled pork, roasted rosemary potatoes and steamed spinach for dinner.”
Everyone looks excited as they sit. I mind link Eli to come join us. There are more people tonight than there were last night. Word has spread that there is food available or perhaps they just want to see their Alpha and Luna. Either way, we have to set up additional, makeshift tables to seat everyone.
v.we
I make sure that all the omegas are seated and have food, including the ones that are still working on stripping the carcasses. Once everyone is eating, I find my place next to Eli. He looks at me with awe and pride.
“In one day, you have managed to make this pack feel like a home. I don’t know how you did it, but as usual, I am amazed and awed by you, my little mate.”
The mood tonight in the dining room is considerably different than last night. While almost everyone seemed happy to have Eli back yesterday, there was a sense of anxiety of the unknown. Today there is a peaceful feeling around the room with a lot of happy chatter and laughter.
Several pack members make a point to come over and thank us, or just say hi, wanting to get to know us better. When they are done, everyone disperses, going back to their work or to their homes to rest for the evening. Eli goes back upstairs to work on the patrol schedule, and I make sure everyone is set with their assignments in the kitchen and tomorrow's cooking and cleaning before heading upstairs to join Eli. 
###Chapter 346
When I get to our room, he isn’t back yet, so I strip, ready to wash the sweat and cleaner of the day off of me. I pull on one of Eli’s t-shirts and crawl into bed, thinking about what needs to happen tomorrow before and after the Alpha challenge.
Just as I’m wondering if Eli is nervous about tomorrow, he walks in. I don’t have time to think any more as he makes sure to show me just how sexy he thought I was earlier, several times.
The next morning, we wake early. I can tell that Eli is already awake. “Are you nervous?” I ask the question I was wondering about last night.
“Not really, but there’s always the chance that I might lose. Carlos said there is only one person he feels is a true contender. That warrior you met yesterday, Noah.”
“He’s challenging you?”
“Yes, and his reasons are valid. He has the qualities that a good Alpha should have and he has Beta blood. He’s strong. If he defeats me, I will be okay with him taking over. The others, not so much.”
“How many others are there?” I ask, thinking there would only be a couple. “Five others, including that guy Christopher that we met the first day.”
“How many do you think will want to battle to the death?” I ask, as I know this. must be weighing on him. He may not be afraid that he'll lose but having to kill a pack mate is never easy.
“I can’t say for sure, but I’d bet Christopher will.”
We get up and get ready for the day. Eli dresses in comfortable clothes, ready for the Alpha battles today. I dress in leggings and a t-shirt. If we're going to have the battles, then I want to be ready if needed.
Eli must hear my thoughts. He comes up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist, putting his chin on my shoulder. “You can’t interfere today. You know that right?”
“I won't let you die. If we have to leave this pack, so be it, but Maia and I won't stand by and let you die.” I tell him.
“It won't come to that, hopefully. But you do have to let me win these battles on
my own.”
“That's fine if it’s a submission only battle. If it’s to the death and it looks like you will lose, I won't hesitate to jump in.” “Grace...”
“No!” I interrupt him. “Don’t ask me to watch while you die. It’s not possible. Maia says it’s not something she can control. It’s in our blood, in our soul. It’s how the Moon Goddess made us. I won't kill them, but I won't let them kill you either.”
He nods. “Okay, let’s go start our day.”
The mood at breakfast is considerably more somber than it was last night. Everyone is talking in whispers and most of the discussion is about the challenge. The entire pack will be watching the Alpha challenges today. Whoever wins becomes their Alpha and could change the entire dynamic of this pack.
After breakfast, as one, we all head outside. Carlos is overseeing the challenges and calls the first contender to face Eli.
I stand back, watching. The contender states that he wants a battle of submission, and the fight begins. It doesn’t take long for Eli to have him down and the contender taps his submission. The second fight goes much the same way, but it takes a bit longer for Eli to pin this contender, nearly 45 minutes.
The third contender is Christopher. “I want a battle to the death.” He states. “Are you sure that’s what you want?” Eli asks him.
Christopher looks cocky as he replies. “Oh yes, and know this, Alpha,” he says, sneeringly. “When I kill you, I will take your mate as my own.” He looks at me as he says this, taking his time looking me up and down. I’m glad I didn’t eat. My stomach is churning at his comment. I’ve had enough of Alphas and wolves thinking they can force their mark on me.
Eli’s snarl is feral and menacing, but Christopher doesn’t seem to notice, or maybe he doesn’t care. Carlos calls the fight to start. Unlike the first two challenges, this time, Eli takes the offense. Christopher has infuriated him and he’s ready for blood.
I have to admit that Christopher is better than I thought he would be. He’s dancing around, not getting in as many punches as Eli, but he’s holding his own.
‘He’s getting too close to us.” Maia says in my head, right at the moment that he makes his move. He must have planned it. He grabs me, putting me in front of him. He has one hand in my hair, the other wrapped around my waist, holding
+15 BONOS me in place. “Or maybe I'll just mark her now, making her MY Guardian.” He says, and I can feel his breath on my neck.
Cooper 
###Chapter 347
As soon as Christopher said he would take Grace as his mate, Louis and I saw red. Oh yes, this asshole is going to die. No one is taking my mate from me. No one. He’s faster than I expected, able to move at the last minute to avoid my punches. He gets a few in, but in my furious state, I hardly feel them. We're dancing around and I realize a moment too late what he’s planning.
When he grabs Grace, threatening to mark her now, I freeze. I have no idea how remarking a Guardian when their mate is still alive will work. But I don’t care, she’s mine and he can’t have her. Louis is thrashing around in my head, wanting to rip this guy to shreds for threatening our mate.
“You've invalidated the Alpha challenge by pulling my mate into this.” I tell him. “Your challenge is now forfeit.” “It doesn’t matter. No one will be able to defeat me once I’m mated to a Guardian.” He says and I’m about to jump on him when Grace winks at me, her eyes bleeding to solid gold. Maia.
I watch, stunned, as she turns in his arms, her hand punching through his chest. I’m not sure, but it looks like she takes his heart in her hand. The look of shock on Christopher’s face is priceless and I hear a collective gasp from the pack.
“No one forces their mark on me.” Maia says, before ripping his heart out of his chest. His shocked expression remains on his face as his dead body drops to the ground. I look back up and see Maia turn to the crowd.
“Anyone else think they can use me against my mate?” She says, crushing Christopher's heart in her hand before tossing it to the ground.
You could hear a pin drop it’s so quiet, but every pack member begins to adamantly shake their head, no.
I walk over to her, taking her in my arms. “Are you okay, love? Did he hurt you? Maia turns to me. She hasn't given control back to Grace yet. “Only you and Louis get to sink your canines into me,”
I smile down at her, kissing her passionately. Whether she meant it or not, she just claimed me in front of our pack again. Goddess, I love this woman.
“And no one but you and Grace can sink your canines into me.” I tell her before kissing her nose. “Now give Grace back control so we can continue the Alpha challenge.”
+IS BONDS When her eyes go back to their normal milk chocolate color, I turn to Carlos. ” Let’s continue.”
Carlos looks like he wants to protest but changes his mind. “You two,” he says, pointing to Christopher’s friends. “Get his body out of here.” They don’t . but they give Grace a wide berth.
Carlos looks at his sheet. “Next up, Noah.” This isn’t the fight I want to have right after Christopher’s death. My mind isn’t completely in this fight, but the sooner we finish this, the sooner this pack can get back to normal.
Noah steps forward. “I would never risk weakening our pack by challenging Alpha Eli to the death. His death would most likely cause the death of our Guardian, Luna Grace.” He turns and looks at the pack. “Every one of you has seen what these two have done for the pack in less than 48 hours. Can you imagine what they will do with years as our Alpha and Luna.” He turns back to me. “It is because of this, and because I believe that you are worthy of being our Alpha, that I withdraw my petition to battle you for the position of Alpha.” He says before stepping back.
“However, if I may Alpha, I would like to spar with you at some point in the future.” He says, grinning at me.
“Deal.” I say, smiling, before turning back to Carlos.
The next two contestants for Alpha both rescind their challenges, and the battles are over. I am officially the pack’s Alpha again. I stand in front of the pack, pulling Grace to my side.
“You all know that we have much work to do to rebuild this pack. I have some ideas for how we can bring in some money for the pack and I will be speaking with the Alphas of our neighboring packs, Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam to discuss. this, as well as how we can make this an official pack. Once that is completed, I will be scheduling an official Alpha, Luna and Beta ceremony so that everyone of you can pledge your loyalty to this pack and we can begin using a pack mind link.”
I stop as a cheer goes up around the group.
“Your Luna is already making changes within the packhouse, and I believe everyone has seen some of those changes in the meals that have been prepared since yesterday.” Another cheer.
“If anyone is still looking for a work assignment, please let me, Luna Grace, or Beta Carlos know. We will find a place for you. Finally, I know many of you have
+15 BONDS
either not found your mate or have lost your mate whether through death or rejection. When I speak to Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam, I will be discussing having inter—pack gatherings so you can try to find your mates among our neighboring packs.” I stop, as more cheering occurs.
“You are always welcome to come talk to your ranked members. You do not need to fear mistreatment in this pack. We are a sanctuary for all those that need a safe place. If you have any concerns or questions, I want you to feel safe and welcome in coming to the three of us.” I open my arms to include Carlos and Grace.
“Okay, everyone. Back to work!” I dismiss them. I send Grace inside to shower. Several individuals come up to congratulate me, many want to talk about the patrol schedules that I’ve been working on.
I send Carlos in to take care of his duties and I tell the group to meet me in the dining hall in 15 minutes and we can go over the schedules. As I head in to shower, I see Noah.
“Hey, Noah.”
“Alpha.” He says, showing me his neck in submission.
I put a hand on his shoulder. “Have you ever considered becoming a Gamma?” He looks at me, startled. “I hadn’t ever given it any thought.”
“Well, I need one, and I'd like it to be you. So, think about it and let me know.” I tell him before walking off, leaving him looking stunned.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 348
After showering, I get dressed and realize, I have no idea if anyone in the pack. even has a car. I need to go to the store to get all the items that Maddie has on her list. I also have no idea what is around here other than the small town that Eli and I came into when we got off at the last bus stop.
Thankfully, Eli comes in as I’m finishing up. “Do you know if any of the pack members have a car?” I ask him.
“I know Carlos does and some of the others, why? Going somewhere?” He asks while taking off his clothes. I take a moment to enjoy his muscular body. Any injuries he sustained this morning look like they’ve already healed.
“Grace. If you keep looking at me like that, neither of us will get to the work we need to do today.”
“It's not my fault that you look so good naked.” I say stepping up to him and running my hands over his chest and down his abdominals, feeling each square of this 8-pack as I go. I smile as my hands are smacked by his very happy member coming quickly to attention.
I look at him through my lashes and I’m about to get on my knees and take him in my mouth, when he spins me around, pushing me against the wall, pulling my pants down to my ankles. I step out of one leg, arching back, pushing against him. I barely have a moment to brace myself before he lines himself up at my entrance and thrusts inside me. I moan in pleasure. I really do love this position.
He has one hand on my hip, the other around my throat as he pounds into me relentlessly. We both climax quickly, both needing this release after the stress of this morning.
He’s leaning against me as we catch our breath, holding me against the wall.
“That was very naughty, Little Alpha.” He says as he steps back and smacks my ass hard. I jump at the contact, turning and looking at him over my shoulder. His eyes are smoldering, even after our release. Oh, this man is just encouraging me.
“Well, I guess I'll have to be naughty more often then.” I say before pushing away from the wall, taking my time bending over to get my pants. His answering growl is the only hint I get, before he’s inside me, holding me down in my bent over position while he takes me again. Goddess, this is a good position, too.
This time, just as the pressure is building to orgasm, I feel his hand come down hard on my ass and it’s all I need to push me over the edge, screaming his name.
When I stand, the blood rushes out of my head. I’m dizzy and I lean back against him, letting him hold me up. “There’s more where that came from, Little Alpha. But for now, get dressed. We have work to do and a pack to clean up.”
I finish getting dressed. “Go see Carlos, he’ll know who has a car in the pack.”
1 kiss him goodbye and head out to find Carlos. When I do, I find Noah in his office as well. They look like they are in the middle of a heavy conversation.
“I'm sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt. I was wondering if there is someone in the pack who might have a car and could drive me to the nearest town.”
Noah stands up. “I can drive you, Luna. Where are we going?”
“Thank you, Noah. We're going to get food and supplies for the packhouse.”
Carlos looks at me. “Luna, we don’t really have money for that.”
“The pack doesn’t, but I do.” I turn to Noah. “So you'll also be acting as guard to make sure I don’t get robbed by any humans.”
I can see Noah fighting his smile, but Carlos snorts. “Yeah, because you need to be protected. If anything, I should ask you to protect our future Gamma here.” Carlos says, gesturing to Noah.
“Carlos.” Noah says, exasperated, before turning to me. “I haven’t decided yet, Luna. Alpha just asked me a little while ago.”
“You seem like a smart man, Noah. I’m sure you'll make the right choice.” I say meaningfully. Eli, once again, has made an excellent choice in a ranked member.
“Yes, Luna.” He says, looking embarrassed. “When did you want to leave?” “As soon as you're ready.” “Let me get my keys and I'll meet you at the front door.”
I grab my purse and money and head downstairs to wait for Noah. Eli comes around the corner. “Hey, you distracted me earlier. Where are you going?”
Noah walks up as we're talking. “Noah is taking me to get some needed food and supplies for the pack.” “Baby, we don’t have money for that.” He says, stepping up to me, pulling me against him.
“The pack doesn’t have the money for that, we do.” I tell him, including him in case others are listening in. “You mean you have the money for that. I don’t want you spending your money
+15 DONOS
on the pack.”
I turn, looking at Noah. “Can you give us a minute?” I ask him.
“Sure, I'll just go see what’s cooking for dinner.” He says, walking toward the kitchen.
1 turn, stepping out of his grip and put my hands on my hips, narrowing my eyes. “Am I or am I not the Luna of this pack?” I ask him, daring him to deny it.
“Grace, that’s not the......
“Is itas much my responsibility as yours to make sure this pack is happy and healthy?” I interrupt him.
“Grace...” “You don’t get to have it both ways Eli. Either we are a team and share everything, or we don’t. You need to check your male ego and accept that this is what is best for the pack.”
I watch as he grinds his teeth together, looking away from me, battling with himself. I get it, he’s the Alpha. It’s his job to provide for the pack. And he will, I have no doubt. But right now, I can help, and I need him to accept that.
“Fine, but I'll pay you back.”
“Wrong. This is for the pack, and we aren’t keeping score.” I step up to him and take his face in my hands. “I knew what I was getting into when I agreed to be your mate.”
“You mean when you sank your canines into my neck when you were jealous and angry?” He asks, but the frustration is lessening.
“I already knew I wanted you. But this,” I sweep my arm around showing I mean what we are building together. “This is exciting. We really have a chance to do something good here, something special. Please don’t let your ego get in the way of that.” I say, putting my forehead against his. “I know you can provide for this. pack. You just need time to get there. I have the ability to make things better for the pack now. Let’s do this together, like we agreed.”
“Goddess, I love you.” He kisses me, slow and deep. “Someday, when all this is done, I’m taking you somewhere special.” “Deal!” I step back. “Noah, you ready?” I call out. “Coming Luna.” He says, before we head out.
###Chapter 349
First, I can’t provide for Grace, now she’s providing for the pack because I can’t. I have to be the most incompetent Alpha on the planet. Thankfully, she has faith in me, but it means that I need to speak to Rik and Liam sooner rather than later. Now that the Alpha challenge is done, I will call and set up a time to meet with
them.
I go to the dining hall and meet with the new individuals that want to be put into the patrol rotation. I pulled one of the patrol leaders into the meetings so he could discuss the current structure of the patrols. I realize I need to run patrols. with the team so I can see how it flows and where our weaknesses are in the borders. I would have already done it but mating with Grace took precedence and being newly mated, it’s hard being away from her for long periods of time.
We're nearly done when I hear a howl go up. The patrol leader lifts his head, listening. “There’s someone at the border, Alpha. Would you like to go see who it is?”
“Yes, let’s go.”
We take off, headed in the direction of the howl. “How do you know it’s not an attack?” I ask, since we’re jogging at a steady pace, rather than shifting.
“Different howls. It will be great when we have a pack link. We've learned to communicate in wolf form, but it’s much easier with a link.”
When we jog up, I see a woman, and what looks like a baby in her arms, kneeling on the ground. One of the patrols is squatting down next to her. “Alpha. This is Amber and her child.”
She looks up at me. “You’re the Alpha here?” Her face is bruised, and I can smell
blood on her.
“Yes.” I say, walking closer and bending down in front of her. “You're safe now.”
She throws herself into my arms and sobs. I hold her until she gathers herself.
“Can you walk?” I ask her.
“Yes.”
I keep my arm around her and guide her back to the packhouse. “How old is your child?” “She’s just a month old.”
SONOI SIT
+15 BONDS
“Who did this to you?” I ask as the packhouse comes into view.
She looks at me. “Hunters. They've been getting bolder. I was lucky to get away, but they may have tracked me here. I’m sorry.” I turn and look at Daniel, the Patrol Leader, and he takes off to alert the patrols.
We walk into the back of the packhouse, and I hear an angry growl. I look up and see Grace, Maia shining bright in her eyes at me touching another she—wolf. I watch as her nose goes up and she smells the same blood that I did. Her eyes go back to brown, and she rushes over.
“What happened?” She asks.
“Amber was running from hunters and came here for safety.” I tell her, thankful that she was able to take in the situation quickly and not misinterpret what was happening.
“Summer? Where do we have an empty room?” She asks, just as Amber lifts her nose in the air. “Mate.” She says quietly. I look up and see Carlos standing absolutely still, looking at Amber.
Grace looks behind her and then back at Amber. “Okay, let’s put you in one of the empty rooms on the Beta floor.” She says looking me with wide eyes.
“Summer, what is ready on the Beta floor?”
Ayoung woman grabs a pad of paper sitting on the counter. “Uh, the one right next door to Beta Carlos’s room.” “Amber, come with me.” She says before turning to me. “Do we have a pack doctor?”
I look at Carlos. He’s still in a trance looking at his mate. “Carlos, do we have a pack doctor?”
That snaps him out of it. “You're hurt.” He says before taking in the baby. “And you have a child.” He says quietly. I watch has the hope in him deflates.
It's my incredible mate that steps in. “How about we get her settled and seen by a doctor before we jump into other discussions, okay Carlos?” She says as she guides Amber to the stairs.
“Of course. We don’t have a doctor, but we have someone with some medical training.” “Get them for us.” Grace tells him.
TT4
“Cammy, can you make a plate of food and give it to Ell or Carlos to bring up?
“yes Luna.”
“Eli, can you help Noah unload the car? I got two computers, one for you and Carlos to share for now and one for me to use for the packhouse supply tracking and shift scheduling.”
I'm about to take the plate of food upstairs, when the howl goes up. This one I recognize immediately. Danger.
1 turn and shift as 1 jump out
e door. I feel Noah shift right behind me. I hear another howl go up, before it is abruptly cut off. I head in that direction and when I get there, I see that there are 30-40 hunters with arrows and guns, firing at my pack members.
Louis snarls ferociously. How dare they come here and attack my pack. I can see multiple pack members laying on the ground, some in mid-transition, so I know the hunters are using silver. I hear the bullets whizzing by my head, but I jump into the fight without hesitation, noticing that Noah does the same.
I feel a bullet hit my shoulder as Louis‘ claws rake down the body of a hunter, eviscerating him where he stands. As an arrow laced with wolfsbane hits my flank, I grab the arm of another hunter aiming an arrow at a pack member and I rip his arm from his body. The wolfsbane is slowing my movements and pack members are being taken out at an alarming rate, but those of us still standing continue to tear into the hunters.
Maia comes flying out of nowhere. She takes an arrow to her flank, but it barely phases her. I take another bullet to the thigh, the silver burning a hole into my body that Louis can’t heal.
Maia begins cutting down the hunters, ripping heads from bodies, slicing
through flesh and bone. Grace may have never learned to fight, but it’s in Maia’s Guardian soul. Her skill and lethality are extraordinary.
I continue to fight, feeling my strength wane as the wolfsbane and silver try to force me to shift back. As I look around, I see many of our pack members are lying unconscious, forced to shift due to their injuries. Many aren’t healing and I can’t tell how many are dead and how many are injured, needing medical attention so they don’t die.
Thankfully there weren’t more hunters. The problem is their weapons. Without those, there wouldn't have even been a fight. As Maia takes out the last of the hunters, I limp to her, making sure she isn’t hurt too badly. I can smell the wolfsbane on her and she’s barely using the leg where the arrow punctured.
Louis licks her face and whines at her before surrendering to the darkness. +15 BOAICE
Cooper
Author
Carlos found his mate, but she has a child? And, how about Maia showing off her 
###Chapter 350
I've just gotten Amber into her room when I hear the howl go up. I can tell there’s been a breach in the borders. Amber immediately starts crying, holding and rocking her baby in her arms.
“Shhh, you'll be safe here.” I tell her. “But I need to go fight.”
As soon as the words are out of my mouth, I feel pain slice through my shoulder. Eli has been hit. A feral snarl leaves my mouth and Maia takes over, pushing the shift, and rushing out the door past Carlos and another pack member I assume is the doctor.
I race out the back doors of the packhouse, sniffing the air to find out where they are. I can smell them, the hunters, 38 of them. Their scent is filled with hate and fear. I can hear the bullets and what sounds like arrows whistling through the air.
I feel another shock of pain, this time in my thigh and I know Eli has been hit again. When I get there, pack members are strewn all over the ground. Eli and what is left of the warriors are outnumbered. They are fighting hard, but it’s difficult to get to the hunters to kill them.
Maia pushes harder and jumps into the fray. She doesn’t hesitate in taking the hunters down. They came here to hurt and kill our pack members and they have hurt our mate. They will not live to see another day.
We barely take notice of the stinging pain in our thigh, but it’s the sharp pain. that comes from our other thigh that let's me know that Eli has been hit again.. Maia continues to shred bodies until there are no more hunters standing. She stands, panting, looking to make sure they are dead when Louis comes up, licking her bloody muzzle and whining, before falling, unconscious.
I immediately shift, grabbing onto Eli, making sure he’s still alive. I lift my head up and howl out a call for help. The hunters may be dead, but the pack members lay injured and dying on the field of battle. I can’t lose Eli. I won't.
Pack members come running and I see Carlos among them. “Do we have a pack hospital?” I ask, taking charge quickly. “No, we'll need to use the packhouse.” He says, as he starts checking the wolves that lay unconscious on the ground. “Get the injured to the packhouse. We'll set up a makeshift emergency room in the dining hall.”
Noah limps over and helps me pick up Eli to carry him back. Others come and
begin carrying our injured back to the packhouse.
When we get there, I lay Eli down, looking him over, “Where is that medical student?” I ask the room at large. Someone hands me a shirt and I pull it on.
It's Carlos that answers. “I'll get her, but we have another person with medical experience.”
“Get both of them here, now.” He bolts out of the dining room.
“Noah, find out who is healthy enough to run patrols. Double them until we know that there aren’t more hunters coming.” “Yes Luna.
I look around seeing several she—-wolves looking for something to do to help. Who here has trained with Carlos?” I ask, knowing Eli said these she—wolves. would be better trained to fight than the warriors patrolling the borders.
The women look at each other. “All of us.” They say.
“Pick the strongest among you and set up a perimeter around the packhouse. If the hunters come back and get past our patrols, you are our second line of defense.” They start to move.
“Ladies.” I call their attention back to me. “No one gets through your line.” Maia has pushed forward, making my voice deep and dark.
“Yes Luna.” Carlos returns with a man and a woman. “Luna, these are the medical students I told you about.”
I look at them as they take in the carnage of the battle. “We need to triage the injured and we need to treat your Alpha. We need to get the bullets and arrows out so the wolves can start healing. Eli’s been hit three times.” I look at him. Two silver bullets and one arrow.”
“Luna, do we have any medical supplies?”
I turn and look at Carlos. He shrugs. “Only what we may have at the pack hospital.” He says as Noah comes rushing back in.
“You and Noah go to the pack hospital and get scalpels, forceps, bandages, anything you can find. We'll have to dig these bullets out and cut the arrows out.”
They take off to find supplies as the two medical students begin assessing the injured. The woman looks up at me. “Luna, you will need that arrow removed. from your leg as well.”
+15 BONOS
I look down, only now realizing one of the injuries I felt earlier was my own and I have an arrow sticking out of my leg. I extend a claw and slice the arrow down to keep it from catching on anything. “Treat them first. I’m fine.”
“Cammy.” I call out.
“Luna.” She responds from the kitchen, rushing into the room. 
###Chapter 351
“We'll need lighter food for the injured. You should begin making that turkey soup you! inentioned. Those recovering will need it and anything else you can think of that might help them to recover more easily.
“Yes Luna.” She says just as Carlos and Noah return with supplies.
“You must be Grace.” A deep, unfamiliar voice says from behind me. I spin around to see a man standing beside one of the women I sent to guard the packhouse.
“Luna, this is...” I recognize him. I don’t know how, but I recognize this man. “Liam.” I finish for her.
His answering smile is like the sun breaking through a cloudy day. “It’s nice to finally meet you.” He says, looking around. “Although I wish it were under better circumstances. Angel and I heard your call for help. I am here to assist, and I have brought some warriors and my doctor as well. Angel wanted to come, but she’s pregnant and I didn’t know what we were going to be walking into.”
I shake my head. “Liam, thank you.” As I stare, he raises an eyebrow at me. “Are you go
going to tell your Amazonian squad that it’s okay for my pack members to come in?” He asks dryly.
“Of course, let them in.” I tell my pack member.
“Where's Eli?” Liam asks, coming in and beginning his own assessment of our injured.
“Here. He’s been hit three times.” Liam comes over and looks at him, nodding.
“Get the bullets out and the arrow and he'll be fine. My guess is that he'll be up and walking around before tomorrow morning.” I turn to look at him. “How do you know that?”
He smiles at me. “Gifts of being mated to a Guardian.”
He looks at me for a moment. “You've been avoiding us, Grace. It’s time Maial came to meet her sisters. You don’t know what it means to them and will mean to you until she gets her memories back. But it’s time. We’re family. Maia just needs to remember that.”
Liam takes a scalpel and begins cutting into Eli’s shoulder before taking forceps. and reaching in to pull the bullet out. He drops it on the floor beside him.
“Angel has an immunity to silver and therefore, now, so do I. I don’t think you have that Guardian gift, but it looks like you are resistant to wolfsbane.” He says nodding to my leg. “If so, Eli will have it now as well. That will help his healing.” The moment Liam’s doctor enters the room, Noah’s head shoots up. “Mate!”
Her head lifts in the same way, looking at Noah in awe. “Mate.” “Well, fuck, I just lost my best doctor.” Liam says, working on the other bullet in Eli’s thigh.
The adrenaline is wearing off and having Liam here feels surreal, so my response is not appropriate for the situation. “Yeah, Eli said we have a lot of unmated pack members and wants to set up pack gatherings between the three packs.” I tell
him.
“Great idea. Rik and I have done something similar, but we’ve pretty much cleared out all of our mated pairs.”
“lm bummed about losing Dr. Phillips. She’s great, but we have another doctor. It sounds like you need her here anyway.” He moves to start cutting the arrow out of Eli’s thigh. “I’m guessing this was hunters?” He says, looking at me.
“Yes. We had a woman and her baby come to our borders asking for refuge.” I look up to see Carlos. He hasn’t stopped working on the injured. “She was
running from the hunters, and they must have chased her here. She’s mated to our Beta.” I say, nodding at Carlos.
Liam glances over, lifting his nose in the air. “He smells like an Alpha to me.” He says, before tilting his head. “But, no wolf?” I can see Carlos flinch, having heard Liam. “He’s a great Beta, wolf or no.” I say defensively.
“Never said he wasn't, I just said he’s got Alpha blood.” He says as he pulls the arrow from Eli’s thigh, dropping it to the floor.
“Okay, you're next.” He says, standing up.
“What?”
He arches his eyebrow at me. “You're a Guardian, but the arrow still needs to come out. I’m nota He arches his eyebl so I'll only work on you and Eli since whatever I
screw up, I know your body can heal.”
-IL BONDS
He kneels down in front of me, looking at my thigh, before taking the scalpel and slicing a cut beneath the arrowhead. I hiss as he pulls it out, blood dripping downll my thigh.
“Liam, get the fuck away from my mate.” Eli’s exhausted and pained voice says.
“Eli!” I say and drop to the floor beside him, laying over him and letting the stress of the day go. I didn’t realize how scared I was that I might lose him. As my tears begin to fall, his arms wrap around me, his scent enveloping me. “I’m here, baby.”
Cooper Author
Did you like getting to see Liam again? Time for Maia to meet her 
###Chapter 352
I come awake slowly, my body aching and the sounds of chaos all around me. When I open my eyes, I’m not thrilled to see Liam on his knees in front of my mate. I can’t see what he’s doing, but I can see that she’s only in a t-shirt that’s barely covering anything.
I feel better the moment Grace is in my arms, even if she is crying. I look up and see Liam. He’s making a point of showing me the arrow he just pulled out of Grace’s leg.
“What are you doing here?” I ask, giving my mate a moment to collect herself as I rub her back.
“Maia sent up a how! for help. Angel and I heard it, and I am here answering that call. My warriors are outside helping yours patrol until we can get a handle on things and Rik should be here any minute.” He says just as another howl goes up, letting us know someone is at the borders.
Liam turns his head to listen. “I’m guessing that’s him now, sure.”
As he turns to go, I stop him. “Liam, thank you.”
but I'll go make
“We're all family now. We need to get Grace and Maia on board with that. I’m still learning what that means, but I do know that in this family, we help each other when they need it.”
When he leaves, I move to sit up. Grace sits back, wiping her eyes hurriedly before helping me to sit. “I’m sorry. I just...” She starts to say.
“Shhh, a lot happened all at once and based on what I’m seeing, you did a great job at taking charge and getting everything handled.”
I'm taking inventory of the injured as I sit up. It doesn’t appear that any of our pack died, but many will be out recovering for a while.
Grace stands to go assist, now that I’m awake. “You stay put.” She orders me and I can’t help but smirk. She’s such an Alpha female. I love it.
I see Liam come back in with Rik right behind him. “You're Rik.” Grace says, walking over to him. I can see she’s confused about how she knows him.
“You must be Grace. It’s nice to finally meet you. I was hoping it would be under better circumstances.” Rik extends his hand to her.
After they shake, he looks around. “Liam says you were attacked by hunters.” He
tira
+15 BONOS
sees me and begins to head over. Grace falls into step beside him. “Yes, thirty- eight of them.” She says. “How do you know how many there were?” I ask her.
She stops, looking at me, frowning. “I could smell them.”
Rik turns to look at her. “You could smell them individually?”
She stops, thinking. “I could smell them, and it was like I could almost see them, could sense how many there were. I don’t know how to describe it. I guess Maia could be wrong and that’s not how many there were.”
Rik smiles at her before looking at me. “I would never bet against a Guardian. My pack did it once but never again. If you say there were 38, then there were 38.” He
says. Grace looks at him like he’s crazy. He just smiles at her. “Gifts of being 4 Guardian.‘
“I thought the gifts were being mated to a Guardian.” She says looking at Liam. “The Guardian has the gifts,” he says. “Then when you complete the bond with your fated mate, you share them.” He turns to me. “Didn’t you feel the rush of power when she marked you?”
I know I must look shocked. “Is that what that was?” “Gifts of being mated to a Guardian.” Rik and Liam say in unison. It’s weird seeing them so in sync.
“And, you must realize that it's her Guardian healing that has you awake before any other wolf in here. I’m guessing you were injured more than some of these that look like they were knocked out with wolfsbane. Yet, you’re awake and they’re still out.” I look around and realize Rik’s right. I am the only one that has come to after the fight.
“You got that from Grace.” Liam adds. “I'd really love to have a go at you now. I can’t imagine how strong you are, being mated to the strongest Guardian.”
Grace is snarling before he finishes. He raises his hands in a placating gesture. ” Not to hurt him Grace, just to see how strong he really is. Your Guardian spirit is the strongest one. Or was, Angel’s pretty strong and Cara’s show of power during the vampire war was scary. Impressive, but scary. Which is why we need to get together. You need to learn about your gifts and find out how you can work with Angel and Cara to strengthen yours. Once you tap into Donovan’s memories, you'll understand a lot more about who and what you are.”
15 BONOS
“Cara.” Grace whispers, her eyes going out of focus. Both Rik and Liam’s head. whip to her face. “Do you remember Artemis?” Rik asks softly.
“My...daughter?” Grace says her brows furrowing in confusion.
“Daughter?” I ask, confused as well. I thought Artemis was Cara’s wolf.
“There is much for us to discuss, but now isn’t the right time and I'd like to have our mates present. They can answer many of your questions.” Liam says.
Rik’s doctor, Dr. Harris comes over. “Alphas, Luna.” He says bowing his head to each of us. “All of the wolves have had the bullets and arrows removed. Is there not a better place to put them so they can rest?” He asks, looking at me. 
###Chapter 353
Chapter 0353 I turn to Grace. “Do any of them need on-going medical attention?” She asks the doctor.
“Most of them won’t need medical attention, but I would suggest having someone close by when they wake up. They will be sore and will need food and water to help them get stronger. There are a few, however, that will need on going medical attention. Am I correct that your pack hospital is not operational?”
“That’s correct.” I say, trying to push myself up. I immediately feel two hands on my shoulders, one is Grace’s and one is Rik’s. “We're here to help you brother. Let yourself heal. Liam, Grace and I can handle. this.” Rik says.
“Brother?” I ask. After everything that happened, I really didn’t expect Rik to ever truly forgive me.
“You're mated to a Guardian. Regardless of our past, you’re family now. And I have very strong feelings about family.” He says. “Yeah, he does.” Liam says behind him. “You'd better get used to it, But I’ll tell you, it’s weird.”
Rik stands, shaking his head before turning back to me. “I think you should take the doctor’s orders and get some food and rest.” “I'll rest when my pack is settled.” I say.
“Spoken like a true Alpha.” Rik says, putting his hand out to help me up. “But I would suggest perhaps finding a seat and supervising while you rest and eat.”
When I stand, I’m unsteady on my feet and Grace is immediately at my side, pulling my arm over her shoulders. She helps me to walk to a table, pulling up a chair. She then calls to Cammy to prepare a bowl of soup and some water.
As I eat, I watch Grace organize the injured to be placed back in their rooms if they live here in the packhouse or to be taken home if they have one. If they have mates, their mates are assigned to stay the night with them. If they don’t, she gets omegas to volunteer to watch over them, letting them know to contact her if anything happens or if they need help.
One of Rik’s warriors walks in to give an update on the border patrols when I watch his nose lift in the air. “Mate!” He says excitedly, looking around. I watch as Maddison, the one from the garden, looks up with the same dazed, excited
+15 HONOS
look on her face. “Mate.” She says back.
“Well, that’s two.” Grace says as she walks over to take my empty bowl. “Two?” I ask.
“Noab met his mate, too.” She says, pointing to where he is helping a doctor work on a patient. I can see from here how enamored he is already. Thankfully, his mate seems to be just as happy. Maybe finding his mate will make him more willing to be my Gamma.
“What about Carlos and Amber?” I ask.
“You're right, I forgot about them. I guess that’s three. Liam likes your idea about having pack get togethers. Obviously, there is a need. I'll be sad to lose Maddie, she’s a good worker and a strong pack member. But we're getting a doctor from Liam’s pack, so that’s good.”
I watch as all the injured are moved to their rooms, or their houses with either their mates, or those that volunteered to watch over them. Bowls of soup are set aside or sent home for the injured. A total of 22 wolves were injured but only two were injured severely. Rik offered to take them to his pack hospital to have medical supervision until they healed.
“Liam and I will leave some of our warriors here to help with your patrols overnight. They can send us a pack link if you’re attacked again, and we can get here much quicker. I'd also like to request that you allow my Lead Warrior, Trevor, to stay so he can get to know his mate.” He nods his head at the man speaking to Maddison.
“Maddison.” I tell him. “And of course. I’m happy to have some of our pack members finding their mates.”
“Liam mentioned you wanting to have pack gatherings. It’s a good idea, something we should discuss. Soon.” He says meaningfully.
“I have several things to discuss with you and Liam. I'd like to get together this weekend if everything settles down here after this
battle.”
“We're going to head out. Call me tomorrow and let me know how things are going. I hope we can see you and your mate this weekend.” He says, before walking over to Trevor, letting him know he can stay. I watch as Maddison’s face. lights up like Christmas before taking Trevor’s hand and walking away. I’d bet money they will be fully marked and mated by tomorrow morning.
“Let's go, old man. Time to get you into bed.” My little mate says, coming up behind me. +15 BONDS I stand, wrapping my arm around her. “Haven't we had this conversation before, Little Alpha. I’m not old.”
“Well then, when you're healthy, you can show me just how young you are.” She says, leading me up to our room where I curl up around her, letting her scent of cherry blossoms lull me to sleep.
Cooper Author
And another old friend, Rik! Looks like we'll be seeing Angel and Cara soon, too. 
###Chapter 354
When I wake the next morning, I leave Eli sleeping in bed and I head downstairs. to check on the injured and find out how many awoke overnight. No one came looking for me, so I’m hopeful that everyone is either still resting quietly or has awakened.
When I get to the kitchen, I see several omegas that volunteered to stay with the injured overnight. I find out that all but five of the injured are awake. Many ate some soup when they woke and are now getting ready to come down to join the pack in the dining room for breakfast. I’m about to go check on the ones that
groom for breakfast. I’m about to go haven’t woken yet when Noah and Dr. Phillips walk in, both looking sleepy but happy with fresh mate marks on their necks.
I smile at them. “Good morning. It looks like you both had a good night last night.” I say, smiling at them. Being newly mated myself, I understand the feeling perfectly. I reach my hand out to Dr. Phillips as she blushes softly. “I’m Grace and you must be Dr. Phillips.”
She shakes my hand. “Please, call me Sirona, Luna. It’s a pleasure to meet you. Noah has told me what you and Alpha Eli are trying to do with this pack. I would be thrilled to be a part of something so exciting.”
I look at Noah, smiling. “She’s perfect!” I say, already knowing his response. “Yes, she is.” He says, kissing the side of her head.
“I know you two probably don’t want to be separated so quickly, but could I possibly steal you away Sirona. There are five of our pack members that have not yet awakened, and I'd like to check on them.”
“Of course, let me grab my bag.” She says before running back upstairs.
Noah watches her until she turns and walks out of his sight. He turns to me, and I can’t help the pleased smirk on my face. “Luna, is Alpha awake yet? I have an answer for him.”
“Do you? And is this answer going to make your Alpha and Luna happy, Noah?” I ask teasing him.
He smiles brightly. “I believe it will, Luna.”
“Good, then you can join me in Carlos’s office.” Eli says coming up behind me.
I turn, rushing to him. “You should have woken me, baby.” He says softly. He’s still limping a bit, but he wraps his arms around me.
+15 BONGE
“You were still sleeping and I wanted to check on everyone. Sirona, that’s Dr. Phillips and I are going to see the five that haven't yet woken up. Most of the rest have come down for breakfast. You and Noah should join them after you talk. Don’t overdo it, Alpha.” I tell him as Sirona comes down with her bag. “We'll meet you in the dining room when we’re done.”
By the time we check on the warriors that are still unconscious, two have woken. For the other three, I rotate the person sitting with them, letting the person who watched them overnight get some sleep.
“We're very excited to have you in our pack, Sirona. I know it’s probably a lot for someone who has been in a well-run, happy pack to take on, but we plan to make this place a home for everyone that needs one.”
“Honestly, being a doctor, I’ve never run from a challenge. I actually prefer it, so this is perfect for me. And I hear that the pack hospital is still in ruins which gives me a chance to rebuild it the way I want it rebuilt.” She turns and looks at me. That is, if you and Alpha agree.”
I laugh. “I don’t know the first thing about supernatural medicine and I’m sure Eli doesn’t either, so it’s all yours. Whatever you want or need, let us know. It may be slow getting there, but we will get there. We also have two medical students here, so you won't be completely alone. You'll have to assess their skill set for yourself, but at least you'll have some help.”
We walk into the dining room, and I see Amber sitting with Eli, Noah and Carlos. As I watch, Eli and Noah’s noses go up in the air before they both rise out of their seats and turn toward us. Eli pulls me into an embrace before pulling out a chair for me. “Have something to eat, Grace. Give me an update on our injured.”
Sirona and I update everyone on the status of our pack members. “I called Alpha Rik this morning. The two that he took to his pack are still unconscious.” Carlos says. I watch as Amber looks at him, but doesn’t say anything, looking back down at her plate. I’m not sure if she’s quiet or if there is something more going on here.
“Amber, how did you settle in last night? I apologize for not coming back to check on you and your baby.” “Oh, you have a baby?” Sirona asks. “How old?”
“She’s just one month old.” She says quietly, looking at Carlos through her lashes. Okay, so that has yet to be resolved. “And thank you Luna, I did settle in, and we were able to sleep some.” 
###Chapter 355
Eli looks past me at Amber. “Is there someone we should call, someone that may be looking for you so we can let them know you're safe.”
She shakes her head. “No, thank you Alpha, but there is no one.”
I can feel Eli's confusion through the bond. How does this woman have a brand new baby if there is no one. “The baby is a hybrid.’ Maia says.
‘A hybrid?’ I ask. “You mean part wolf, part human?”
‘I don’t think so. Part wolf, yes. But, I’m not sure what the other part is.
“Amber, do you have everything you need for your baby? What is her name, by the way?”
“Oh, I haven’t named her yet. I...”
I can see tears welling in her eyes. “It’s okay.” I say reaching out placing my hand over hers. I can see Carlos’s hand twitching, wanting to hold her hand like I am. I sigh internally. I was hoping he would find someone, and it would be great. This seems like it might be a struggle. I just hope it’s one they can overcome.
“Do you want to come around with me today? I have some things that I need to finish taking care of and I could show you around at the same time.” I ask her. “That would be great. I want to work, I want to be useful, so anything that you need for me to do, I'd be happy to do.”
Eli puts his hand on my back, rubbing gently. “Well, we have a lot of work that needs to be done. There’s no shortage of that.” I say laughing.
“We're glad to have you here, Amber. Grace is whipping everything into shape and I’m sure she can find something that will suit your needs. But please, take whatever time you need to rest and recover.”
“I'm good Alpha. I want to work.” She says. “You're injured? From the attack yesterday?” Sirona asks her.
“No, before. I was held captive by the hunters, but I escaped and found this place, thankfully.” She says with the briefest of smiles.
“Have you been checked, medically?” Sirona asks, going into doctor mode.
“Someone,” she looks at Carlos, “checked me yesterday.”
Carlos is watching her intently. “Dr. Phillips is a real doctor. You should let her check you over.” He tells her softly, “Okay.” She agrees.
“Okay! Then after breakfast, I have my first assignment.” She turns to Noah. ” What will you be doing today, my love?” She asks him.
He looks at Eli questioningly.
“That reminds me.” Eli says standing up. “Attention everyone.” He says and the room goes quiet. “I have asked Noah to be our pack’s Gamma and he has agreed. When
we have our ranked member ceremonies, he will be included as the pack’s Gamma and his mate, Sirona Phillips, will be included as our Gamma female. She is a doctor from the Shadow Falls Pack and we are very happy to have her join our pack
now.
Cheers go up and people begin to come to the table congratulating Noah and Sirona. I watch as Amber quietly slips away. Carlos pretends not to notice, but I see him watching her out of the corner of my eye. When he turns back, he sees me watching him. I raise my eyebrow at him, but he just shakes his head.
“I have one more announcement. Our own Maddison Gray found her mate yesterday as well. Trevor is the Lead Warrior with the Canyon Ridge Pack, so while we are gaining a doctor, we are losing one of our best gardeners. Thankfully, we have a strong alliance with both packs, and we'll continue to work together and see members from those packs.”
There’s a lot of congratulations and back slapping for Trevor, and some tears for Maddison, I’m guessing from her garden crew.
Eli raises his hands, and everyone quiets down again. “Yesterday we received a surprise attack from the hunters and while many were injured, I am happy to announce that no one was killed. Our neighbors answered your Luna’s call for help, reinforcing our alliance and bond with those packs. However, it did bring to light our pack’s need for more intense warrior training. I will be taking my mate to the Shadow Falls Pack over the weekend, but starting Monday, you will all be training with me and Carlos. We will set up training twice daily for all warriors. Every pack member who has a wolf will train at least once a day. Men and women will train together.” There is a cheer from the women in the room.
“Until then, you will train with Carlos. He is your Beta, and you will give him the respect he and his position deserve. Grace and I will be leaving tomorrow morning. If you have any questions or concerns, see me before I leave.”
He sits back down, kissing me on the side of my head before we both turn back to our food and finish eating. Cooper Author
What do you think of Carlos and Amber? And why does Amber not have anyone looking for her? Updates occur daily. 
###Chapter 356
Chapter 0356 “What are your plans for today, Grace?” I ask as we finish our food.
“I want to get the computer set up for the kitchens and packhouse.” She stops, turning to me. “Did you get them out of the car yesterday, or were you
interrupted.” “They must still be in the car.” I look up at Noah. “You didn’t get them out, did. you?”
“No, Alpha. After everything happened, it completely slipped my mind. And once I found Sirona,” he pulls his mate closer to him, kissing her. “Well, after that, my mind was focused on other things.”
Sirona is a blusher. I can tell Noah will enjoy making his mate blush as frequently as possible. From the corner of my eye, I see Carlos flinch at their show of affection. Time for me to find out what’s going on.
“Carlos, how about you and I go get the computers. Hopefully there wasn’t any food left in the car.” I I say. “No, the omegas were helping us unload.” Grace says.
I extend my hand to Grace, helping her to stand, taking any opportunity I can to touch her. I kiss her hand before letting her go. “I'll bring your computer to you and then Carlos and I will go set up the computer in his office. Noah, why don’t you start looking around for offices for the ranked members. Try to keep us as close together as possible. Then, take your mate to the pack hospital and let her see what she’s up against.”
I turn to her. “It will be a lot of work, I hope you're ready for that.” I tell her. “As I told Luna Grace, I don’t mind hard work and I love a challenge.”
I can’t help but smile. “Well, then, you’ve found your mate in the right pack because hard work and a challenge are what we've got for you.”
I drop Grace off in the kitchen before Carlos and I make our way out to Noah’s car. It’s unlocked, but I have to pop the truck to get the computers out.
“So, you want to tell me what’s up with you and your mate?” I ask him and watch. as his lips press into a thin line. He may not want to talk about it, but he needs to, so I wait him out. Finally, he sighs, and we lean against the car, setting the computer boxes on the
ground. “She has a child, but I don’t know what it means that no one is looking for her. I assumed that she was in a relationship with another wolf. I mean, wouldn’t the father want to know where his child is? I know it’s a girl, and some wolves, especially Alphas, feel that girls aren’t worthy of being heirs, but 1 couldn’t image letting a woman who was carrying my child just walk out of my
life.” “Why haven't you talked to her?” “It was a little chaotic last night.”
I look at him, raising my eyebrow. “Noah found time to fight against the hunters, help the injured and still mark and mate his newly found mate. And you're telling me you didn’t have time for a conversation with yours?”
“Okay, fine. I didn’t know what to say. And....” He stops, running his hand through his hair. “And maybe she doesn’t want a wolfless mate.” He says quietly.
And there itis, the real issue.
“It didn’t seem like it to me at breakfast. She seemed sad to me, maybe even a bit heartbroken that her mate is ignoring her. She has no one, and she’s going to remain in this pack. You’re going to have to talk to her and figure this out. If you decide to reject
her...
He cuts me off. “I would NEVER reject my mate! I can’t believe the Moon Goddess even gave me one. Why would I give that up” He practically yells at me.
“Then act like her mate. Or at least, talk to her and find out how she got into this position. She’s not just running from hunters, Carlos.”
His brows pinch together. “What do you mean?” “She’s a single mother, with a baby, alone in the world. Do you even know how long she’s been with the hunters?”
I can see the moment he understands my meaning. If no one is looking for Amber and she has a baby, maybe her pregnancy occurred while she was with the hunters. Or maybe the baby’s father was killed while she was pregnant. Either way, it means she’s been through a lot..
“You're right. Thank you, Alpha. I'll talk to her.”
“Now is good.” I say to him as I reach down and pick up one of the computer boxes.
“Now?”
“Yeah, now. No time like the present. I can set up the computer while you take
+15 HONGS
your mate and have a good conversation. Figure things out with her and when you’re done, come meet me in your office and
we'll talk about our new training schedule.” I say as we walk into the kitchen, and I nod for Carlos to put his computer box on the counter.
“Here’s your computer, Grace.” I say, noticing that Amber is helping to clean the breakfast dishes while her baby lays in a improvised crib nearby. She looks up and immediately looks back down when she sees Carlos, her cheeks turning pink.
I turn and watch him staring at her before he finally looks at Grace. “Luna, might I take Amber and have a word with her?”
Grace looks at me before answering. “Of course. Amber, we've got this. Why don’t you go speak with Carlos. Do you want me to watch your baby?”
“No, thank you Luna. I'll take her.” She says before drying her hands, picking up her child and following Carlos out of the kitchen.
Grace walks up to me, wrapping her arms around me. “I hope that will be a good conversation.” She says, leaning up and kissing my lips softly.
“Me too, but at least there will be a conversation. He’s more concerned about being rejected than her having a child. I think she’s more worried about having a child than him not having a wolf.”
“What a motley crew our pack is.”
“I wouldn't have it any other way, baby.” I kiss the corner of her mouth. “Will you be ready to leave tomorrow morning. I have to speak with Liam and Rik, and they really want you to meet Cara and Angel. You'll like them.”
“Yes. I need to figure out who can run a computer and set it up for me while I’m gone, but that won't take me long. We have our meals planned, food for the pack and I think everything will be good with Carlos and Noah here while we are gone.
“Good. I’m going to go get my computer set up and start putting all of Carlos’s paper into the 21st century.”
She laughs as she pulls out of my arms, turning to get back to work. I can’t help but smack her perfect ass, loving her startled gasp and the surprised look on her face. I give her my best smirk before turning and heading to the office. 
###Chapter 357
I'm glad Eli talked to Carlos. It was obvious that Amber was miserable, and it was because her mate wouldn't speak to her. I don’t know how things will go, but at least there will be a conversation.
As I walk back into the kitchen, I clap my hands. “Okay, who knows how to use a computer.” Only one hand goes up, Autumn. I point to her. “You're hired!”
As I set up the computer, I talk to her about her past experience with a computer. It’s not that I can’t or won’t run the scheduling of the kitchens and pack house staff, but it’s time consuming. It’s usually two jobs and I need time to work on other things, so I’m glad that Autumn has at least some experience.
Not surprisingly, her experience is with the packhouse management, since her sister was a Lead Omega in their previous pack. I get the computer set up and put together a template of the scheduling roster I want her to use. I set her up to work with her sister so that they have a rotation of individuals working every day and ensure that everyone has time off as well.
We're just finishing up when Amber and Carlos walk back in, Carlos holding Amber's baby in his arms. “Luna, might we have a word?” He asks. Amber looks nervous, but Carlos puts his free arm around her, pulling her to him.
I try to hide my smile. “Of course. Maybe we can find a private place in the dining room since we’re between meals?” I say and begin walking to the dining room.
Thankfully, there is no one else in the room, so we sit at a table, and I wait for them to speak.
Carlos looks at Amber, who gives a barely noticeable nod before turning to me. Luna, as you probably guessed, Amber and I needed to talk about our mate bond. As you know, I don’t have a wolf.” He says, and Amber’s hand curls under his bicep, holding on to him as she leans into him. He turns, smiling down at her and kissing her forehead.
“Amber doesn’t care about that, thankfully.” I know my answering smile must be huge as I look at Amber. I knew almost immediately how amazing Carlos was. I’m glad his mate has realized it too.
“However,” he starts, and I see Amber tense. He shifts the baby and wraps his arm around her. “Amber was experimented on when the hunters had her. They injected her with some male’s sperm causing her to get pregnant. When she had
+15. DONOS
her baby, they intended to take it and experiment on it. She fought them, trying to save her baby and they beat her. She was finally able to get her baby and escape. She ran until she found us.”
I look at Amber. “You don’t know what the father was?” I ask her. Amber’s head whips up at my question. “You mean who, don’t you, Luna? Not what.” Carlos asks.
I never take my eyes off Amber. “Maia said your baby is a hybrid. So, the father is not a wolf. She can’t tell what species the father is, but she doesn’t think he’s human.”
Tears start streaming down her face. “I don’t know.” She whispers.
Carlos pulls her into his side, whispering in her ear, trying to calm her.
“Hey.” I say gently. “We don’t judge, we don’t care. I’m only wondering for you and your child’s sake. But it doesn’t matter. You and your baby are still a part of this pack, and we will accept her, just like we’ve accepted you.”
She looks up at me with tears in her eyes. “Thank you, Luna. I was afraid to say anything, but Carlos said you and Alpha Eli would be accepting of her.”
“There is too much exclusion in the packs. Here, we accept you for who you are and allow you to be the best you can be. Or that’s our goal at least. We're still working on that part about making things the best they can be.” I say smiling at her.
She wipes away her tears, then looks at Carlos before looking back at me. “I really do want to be of help.” +15 BONDS
###Chapter 358
Chapter 0358 “Do you happen to know anything about working in a kitchen or computers?” I ask her, jokingly.
“Yes, actually. I worked as the scheduler for our kitchen staff before I left my pack.” She says. I make a note that she ‘left’ her pack, not that she was taken by hunters. Another person mistreated by her pack. There are too many.
“Well, then, I have the perfect job for you, and you are about to make my day.” I tell her. “Ready to get to work?” I ask and stand. “Yes Luna.”
I introduce Autumn and Cammy to Amber and explain that she will be scheduling the kitchen staff and sharing the computer with Autumn.
“Luna, what would you like me to do with the rest of my time?” She asks me. I look at her and back at Autumn who shrugs. “The rest of what time?” “In my last pack, this didn’t take the full day, what else would you like me to do?”
“You don’t have to work a full day here. Our pack members have time for their lives, families and to enjoy the pack lands. You don’t have to work every minute you are awake.” I tell her, having had this conversation with some of the omegas already.
“But, if I wanted to do more, what could I do?” She asks, trying to find a way around my expectation for relaxing.
“Well, we just lost one of our gardeners. Do you know anything about gardening? It would be a nice way to get some fresh air for you and your daughter.”
“I can garden.” She says. “Okay, I'll introduce you to Victoria and Ivy and you can find out what they need.”
I leave her in the kitchen with Cammy and Autumn and go looking for Victoria or Ivy. As I’m passing Carlos's office, I have an idea. I poke my head into the office and knock on the door jamb.
“Hey, Carlos.” He stands, moving toward me quickly.
“Is everything okay with Amber? With the baby?”
“Yes, but I wanted to ask you something. You said there was someone in the pack. +15 BONOS
that can make furniture. Perhaps you can ask them if they can make a crib for the baby? Or maybe we can find one and refurbish it?”
He blinks at me. “I didn’t even think about that. I'll get on it. Thank you, Luna.”
I wink at my mate, leaving him smiling before I go out to the gardens and find Maddison and Victoria.
“Maddison, I’m surprised to see you here.” I say, walking into the garden.
“Luna. I wanted to come visit the garden one more time. Trevor and I are leaving with you and Alpha Eli tomorrow. I don’t know when I might be back.” She stops. and looks around. “I've put so much time and energy into this garden. I’m going to miss it.” “Im sure Alpha Rik and Luna Cara would love to use your skills in their pack. Or you could always create your own personal garden wherever you and Trevor end up living.” I suggest.
“Yes, I hope so. And I hope I'll be able to come back and visit?” She asks.
“Any time.” I say, taking her hands. “Now, Victoria, I have a replacement gardener for you. Her name is Amber. She’s the one that came to us yesterday. She’s mated to Beta Carlos and will be running the schedule for the kitchens, but she wanted another job, so I told her you and Ivy could talk to her about helping in the gardens.”
“That would be great, Luna. Having the Beta female helping with our food supply and knowing what food we need as well as what we have growing will be great for the pack.” Victoria says.
“I agree. Find me during one of the meals today and I'll introduce you. Then you can work together to find a time to come out and show her around.”
I turn to head back to the packhouse. “Maddison, I'll see you in the morning. And congratulations. From what I hear, Trevor is a catch.” I tell her smiling. “That he is, Luna. That he is.” She says, smiling brightly.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 359
The rest of the day goes by, and I’m exhausted by the time I head back to our room. Carios found the carpenter and asked him to build a crib. Apparently, the carpenter was so excited he said he’d build him a bassinet as well. I was happy to see him being more affectionate with Amber at dinner and watched as Grace. introduced her to Victoria, getting her set up to see the gardens while we are away.
When I get to our room, I see that Grace has packed a bag. I begin looking for my backpack before spotting it on the bed, looking like it’s already packed. “Did you pack my bag as well?” I ask her.
“I did, I hope that’s okay. You looked tired at dinner, and I wanted you to be able to come up and relax. You're still recovering from yesterday. Why don’t you go take a shower while I finish up.” She says, pulling some clothes out of the closet.
I walk up behind her and wrap my arms around her. “Why don’t you join me in the shower and then we can curl up and go to sleep.” I tell her.
“Why Alpha, are you trying to get me naked and wet?” She asks, coyly. I growl, deep in my chest, pushing against her.
“lam now.” I say, pulling her into the bathroom. “We did discuss trying new positions and seeing which ones are your favorite. I'd be remiss if we didn’t at least try shower sex.” I tell her, before stripping off her clothes.
Later, I’m curled up around my naked mate in bed, enjoying her warmth. “We'll have to do that again soon, Alpha.” She says sleepily.
“Grace.” I saw warningly. She knows what calling me Alpha does to me. She chuckles, her body shaking in my arms. “Goodnight Eli.” It's quiet for a moment. “I love you.” She says softly.
“I love you too my little Alpha.” I tell her and we both drift off to sleep. The next morning, we wake up early. As we head down to grab breakfast, I call Rik and let him know we'll be leaving shortly. We're running since it’s faster to get to his pack lands through the canyon instead of driving around it. And since neither Grace nor I have a car or know how to drive, we aren’t taking anyone away from the pack that may need to be here to help cover for those that are still recovering from the hunter attack.
At breakfast, we meet up with Trevor and Maddison. She will have to come back for her things, but Trevor will bring her in his car. When we're ready, we all go out to the forest and strip, collecting our clothes before shifting and grabbing our
bags. The run is nearly two hours, but as we begin to run through the canyon, Maia stops short, looking around. Louis turns around and Trevor’s wolf stops, turning to walk back to Maia. I shift, looking at her. “Maia, what is it?” Trevor shifts and turns, looking around. “This is where Clint died.” He says softly.
I go to Maia, getting down on my knees and running my hands through her fur as she sniffs the ground. “Baby, are you okay?” I ask her.
She lifts her head and lets out a mournful howl that is heartbreaking to hear. I can hear the answering howls of wolves from both packs as they echo around the
canyon. I hold her face and put my forehead against her furry head. “I’m here. Anything you need baby. Take your time.”
“She remembers the fight.” Grace says through the mind link. “She remembers Clint and Donovan dying here after being drained by a vampire. She remembers the pain.”
As she looks around, remembering, I hear large paws pushing through the ground, headed our way. I stand up, looking in the direction of the sound and I see what looks like Cyran, Liam’s wolf, carrying Angel.
up to
When they get close, Cyran slows down. Angel crawls off his back, her grey eyes turning olive when her wolf pushes forward. “Sister.” She says and walks Maia, leaning down and hugging her. “I've looked forward to meeting you. Alessia would love to meet you in her wolf form, but we’re expecting, so I can’t shift right now.” She tells Maia.
Maia begins to shift, and I reach into my bag, grabbing a shirt, shoving it over her head the moment she shifts. As shifters, we may be used to nudity, but I don’t want my mate naked around other Alphas.
Grace stands, looking at Angel, Maia still glowing in her eyes. “Alessia?”
Angel's smile is breathtaking. “You remember me?” She says, taking Grace’s hands.
“Yes.” Grace says, laughing while tears trek down her face. “Yes, I remember you.”
As they embrace, I hear large paws coming from a different direction. Kai, Rik’s. wolf, runs up carrying Cara. He gently lays down, letting Cara slide off him before he hurriedly shifts and picks her up. “I told you I’d pull out the big guns if you couldn’t get her to come see us.” Rik tells me. I guess Cara is ‘the big gun’.
2/3 +15 BONDS
However, when Grace turns, Maia’s gold takes over her eyes and her voice, when she speaks, is deep. “Artemis.” She says, moving toward Cara, whose emerald eyes are now rimmed with gold.
“I'd call you father, but that’s not accurate. You are still my parent, yes?” The deeper voice of Artemis asks Maia. Grace walks to Cara, wrapping her arms around her, holding her close even though she’s still in Rik’s arms.
“Yes, you are mine.” Maia replies.
When she releases her, Grace turns and looks at me, swaying a bit. I immediately step up to her, holding her. “Baby?” “I remember. Everything.
“Come.” Rik says, nodding his head in the direction of his pack. “This must be overwhelming for you Grace, and I don’t want my mate overdoing it in her condition. We can walk back to the packhouse.”
He turns and begins walking with Cara still in his arms. I lean down grabbing our bags then sweep Grace’s legs out from under her, picking her up.
“Eli, put me down.” Her voice is weak, I have no intention of putting her down.
I kiss her nose. “You're had another big shock, baby. I'll carry you. Just relax and let Maia’s memories return. I’m sure it’s a lot to take in.”
Trevor shifts back to his wolf and he and Maddison take off ahead of us. Liam and Angel fall into step beside us. Angel reaches out holding Grace’s hand in hers as we walk. Rik slows down and falls into step on my other side, allowing Cara to reach out and hold Grace's other hand.
“We're so glad to have you back.” Cara says, a sad smile on her face. Cooper Author
What do you think of getting to spend some time with Cara and Angel? 
###Chapter 360
The memories that come when I see the place where Clint and Donovan died is nothing compared to the flood of memories that start when I see Angel and Alessia. But the dam breaks when I see Cara and Artemis. I don’t know what it is about her, maybe because Artemis is the daughter of my Guardian spirit, but everything comes flooding back. It's overwhelming and while I was embarrassed to have Eli carrying me, I’m not sure I could have walked on my own.
When we reach the pack lands, the difference in this pack and my pack with Eli is apparent. But, I can also see the difference in this pack and my father’s pack. Where my father needed to be the most intimidating wolf in the pack, Rik seems to lead with love and patience. Pack members of all ages run up to him, surrounding us and walking with us back to the packhouse. There is no fear or intimidation as they ask him and Cara questions and are asked questions in return. Both Cara and Rik seem to know every pack member by name and know their lives enough to ask them questions as we walk.
Eli and I are introduced and when it becomes overwhelming, Rik and Cara tell them that we'll be introduced at dinner tonight. When we arrive at the
packhouse, a young woman who looks to be as pregnant as Cara is standing at the back door of the packhouse.
“Welcome to Canyon Ridge.” She says, smiling at me and Eli. She steps back. motioning for us to enter. “I’m Lacey, the pack’s Beta female. If you'll follow me, I'll show you your room and you can get settled. We have lunch scheduled in an hour on the patio. Does that give you enough time to get settled and shower if you'd like?” She asks as she guides us through the packhouse and up the stairs.
“That will be great.” I tell her.” Thank you.”
She shows us to our room and when she leaves, Eli sets me down and I look around. “Will our packhouse look like this one day?” I ask him.
He comes up behind me and wraps his arms around me. “Our packhouse will look whatever way you want it to, baby. It will just take some time.”
I turn around, my arms snaking around his neck. “You are a good man, Eli Gunnar.” I say, meaning it from deep within my heart.
He leans his head down against mine. “I haven't always felt that way, but when you say it, I believe it. And I want to make sure that you always feel that way about me.”
I step out of his embrace, taking his hand. “Come on, let’s get showered and +15 BONOS changed so we can eat. I’m starved.”
When we've freshened up, we head downstairs to find Rik and Cara. Cara is already seated at the table, Rik hovering near her. She pats the seat next to her, wanting me to sit beside her.
“I can’t tell you how much it means to me that you are here. Losing dad was... She stops, her voice breaking. Rik is right there, his hands on her shoulders.
“Little Guardian, if it’s too much for you...” She cuts him off, taking his hand. “No, it’s good to know that some part of them survived. It’s just still painful for me. Angel has
been amazing and having her and Alessia has helped. And, of course, Rik has been amazing.” She says gazing up at him with love in her eyes. “But now that you're here, it’s like our family is back together.”
She smiles through her tears, and I can see that Rik wants nothing more than to whisk his mate away and comfort her, but he doesn’t. Maybe she needs this just as much as she needs his comfort. “You'll have to excuse me. Pregnancy hormones.” She says, laughing through her tears.
+15 ACHOS
###Chapter 361
“I'm here to tell you, they’re real and they’re awful.” Angel says, walking in. She leans down, hugging Cara, then me before taking the seat across from me. Rik sits on Cara’s other side and Eli and Liam sit in between me and Angel.
We are able to order our lunch from several different options. I look at Eli. “I definitely want to be able to do this in our packhouse.” I mind link him.
“Agreed.” He says, deciding what he wants to eat.
After we've placed our order, Cara looks at me. “I don’t want to overwhelm you, but Angel and I already know everything about each other. You should have those memories now, and know that, while my life has been fairly simple, Angel’s was difficult.”
I nod, realizing that I do have memories of both their histories. “We'd like to hear about you and how you came to have Donovan’s Guardian spirit.”
I look at Eli and then at everyone at the table. I wasn’t sure I was ready to discuss what had happened to me, but I feel a strange familial bond with Angel and Cara and therefore, Liam and Rik as well. The environment here feels safe, caring and supportive.
Eli reaches out to grasp my hand. “You don’t need to do anything you’re not comfortable with Grace.”
Our food arrives and I decide that I might as well tell them. Based on my memories, Angel's life has been worse than mine. “My story isn’t a happy one, so maybe we should wait until after we eat.” I suggest.
We all agree, and lunch is a festive event. It's relaxing and it’s interesting to see pack members, specifically omegas, interacting with their Alpha and Luna without fear. In our pack, it’s so different, but Eli and I will change that.
I turn and see him watching the same interactions I have been. He looks at met and I know that we’re in total agreement. Our pack will one day look and feel like
this one.
After lunch, we sit back and relax, letting our food digest. Cara looks at me. Whenever you're ready, we want to hear your story.” She tells me, reaching out. and taking my hand.
So, I start from the time I was 10 years old and go through my life, watching my ?+15 BONOS
mother slowly deteriorate and eventually holding her while she died. I talk about my time alone until I met Eli and then our time on the run. I’ve been lost in my story, not looking at their reactions, but when I finish, I look up and see that both Angel and Cara have been pulled into their mates‘ laps and are crying.
“I'm sorry.” I say, worried that I have upset them unnecessarily.
“No, no.” Both Angel and Cara say. “Pregnancy hormones.” They say in unison, then look at each other and laugh. I can’t help but laugh, too.
“Who's your father?” Liam asks me.
“Edgar Winters.” I say, guessing they know him. Alphas have meetings and gatherings throughout the year. I know, I used to attend them with my father.
I watch as Liam looks at Rik.
“What?”
“When did you say your mother died?” Rik asks me. “A little over two years ago.” I say.
I watch as they look at each other again.
“What is it?” Eli asks this time.
“You were right, Grace. Your father took a new mate just over two years ago and they have a son, nearly two years old.” I knew it. I knew that’s what happened to my mother.
But having it confirmed still feels like I just received a swift kick to the stomach
Cooper
Author
I didn’t like Alpha Edgar before, but I definitely dislike him 
###Chapter 362
I can feel the impact that Liam and Rik’s news has on Grace. It’s one thing to assume and another to find out you were correct. I pull her face to me, leaning into her. “Are you okay, baby?”
She just nods, a single tear sliding down her cheek. My sweet mate has had so much thrown at her in such a short period of time. Sometimes I forget that she’s still so young. She’s a strong and fierce woman, but there are moments, like right now, that she’s fragile.
I look up at the others at the table. “I’m going to take my mate to rest for a bit. Thank you for lunch. We look forward to spending more time with you and getting to learn more about Maia’s Guardian spirit, but right now, Grace needs. some time.” I say, before standing up, picking up my mate, much to her surprise and walking us to our room.
“You didn’t have to do that.” She says quietly, her head resting against my shoulder.
“Yes, I did. The actual job description for ‘mate’ is to take care of the one that is given to you by the Moon Goddess. I could feel how much their confirmation of what your father did hurt you. We can take some time. We're here all weekend. Let me hold you.” I say as we get to our room.
I take off her shoes and tuck her into bed, before taking off my shoes and curling up around her. I wrap my arms around her and let my scent help her relax, allowing her tears to fall. She turns, curling into me, letting me hold her while she cries. I don’t say anything, I just rub her back, and kiss the top of her head, letting her cry it out.
“I hate him. I know I shouldn't, but I hate him for what he did to my mother.”
“You and I both know that there are people in positions of power that don’t deserve it, people that abuse the power that they have been given. I’m thankful that I have you for a mate, someone that will never take that power for granted and will never abuse it.” I tell her, looking at her.
“And as much as I hate the life that I had before I met you, I’d do it all over again if it brought me to you. Every step we’ve taken, every heartache we've suffered, has brought us here. And I know, for me, I wouldn’t change it. I wouldn’t change anything that might mean I didn’t end up here with you.”
She reaches up and kisses me. It’s a slow, tender kiss, full of love and a promise of a future together. “Thank you.” She says, rubbing her nose against mine. “I didn’t do anything.” I tell her.
“You don’t realize how much you do for me. You have quickly become my rock, my solid ground. You are the place that I know I'm always safe. You are the
foundation that allows me to be a stronger person. So, yes, my mate, you do and are my everything.”
I take my time, stripping us out of our clothes before slowly making love to my mate, showing her how much she means to me, how desperate I am for her. This woman who is my everything. This woman who makes me feel like the most powerful, amazing man in the world. And I learn that hearing her whimper and cry my name softly as she finds her release, her nails biting into my back as her body contracts around me is just as unbelievable as hearing her scream my name. Afterward, we curl up together, wrapped around each other, and we fall asleep.
It's mid—afternoon before we emerge from our room again. We go in search of our hosts and find Angel and Cara having tea on the back porch, looking out over the pack lawn and forest beyond.
When they see us, Angel immediately jumps up, coming to Grace. “Are you alright? I’m sorry Liam and Rik upset you. We didn’t want your first day with us to be so tense.” She says, pulling Grace over to where she and Cara are sitting.
“It's okay. It was just a lot to have my suspicions about my father confirmed.” She says, sitting down while Cara pours her some tea.
“Where are the guys?” I ask, wondering why they left their mates alone. “They're in Rik’s office. They said you should join them if you came down. Let me get someone to take you.” Cara says, before her eyes go unfocused.
Amoment later, one of the packhouse omegas comes out and offers to take me to Rik’s office. I look at Grace and she nods, letting me know she’s okay. I walk over and kiss her before turning and following Rik’s pack member to his office.
SONO8 GI+ +15 BONGS
###Chapter 363
When I get there, I see that it is Rik, Liam and another Alpha I don’t know. Rik immediately stands up, gesturing for me to come in and sit down. “How is Grace? We didn’t mean to upset her.”
“She’s better. She’s stronger than she knows, but that was a tough blow. What she didn’t tell you was that her father marked his new mate on her 16th birthday.”
“I never liked that guy.” The older gentleman says.
“Eli, have you met my father, Alpha Anders?” Rik asks.
I stand again. “I don’t believe we've ever met sir. Eli Gunnar.”
“I know who you are, son. It’s nice to finally put a face to a name.” He says, shaking my hand. “Bourbon?” Rik asks, holding up a bottle.
“Sure.”
Liam turns to me. “So, you said you had some things you wanted to talk to us about. You have our undivided attention.” He says, sipping his own glass of bourbon.
“Well, the first thing was about the mate gatherings, and I think we've all agreed that’s a good idea.” I say as Rik hands me the glass of amber liquid. The color immediately reminds me of Grace’s eyes when Maia is shining in them.
“I'll talk to Angel. With Cara being mostly on bedrest and your pack needing some clean up, we can host the first couple of get- togethers.”
“Thank you. And that brings me to my second issue. As I’m sure you both saw, my pack is in quite a state of disrepair. Everyone is pitching in, but it will take time and money. I need to get a job to start bringing in money for the pack. I was hoping that you might have some ideas for me.” I tell them, swallowing my pride.
I watch Rik and Liam look at each other again. It’s almost as if they are having a private conversation between them.
“Actually, Rik and I were talking about that after we left your pack the other day. Did you know that I own a business? Holstin Enterprises, Inc?” Liam asks me.
“Uh, no. I didn’t know you owned your own company. What do you do?” “Funny you should ask. My company has two arms. One is in security and the other is in construction.” n
“Construction?” Liam could be my supplier, or at least would have knowledge that I don’t have about where to get construction materials.
“And we have a proposition for you.” Rik says. I take a sip of the bourbon, which is delicious. “What kind of proposition?” “Liam and I would like to loan your pack the money to rebuild.”
“And, if you and your pack are willing, I can hire you through my company and pay you and whoever chooses to work for me. We can come up with plan, but I can take a percentage of the salaries to pay back the loan, while still ensuring that you and your pack members have an income while you rebuild your pack.”
I don’t know what to say. This is so exceptionally generous and it’s a perfect. solution to how we can get the packhouse and homes rebuilt quickly and efficiently.
“Why would you do this for me?” I ask. It seems too good to be true.
Liam snorts, but it’s Rik that answers. “We're family now. Family helps family.”
I look at Liam and he just shrugs. “I told you, Rik has very specific ideas about family. And I did warn you that it would be weird.” “Yes! Yes, thank you! I don’t know how many of my pack members will
participate...” I begin.
“Doesn't matter, however many there are, we'll figure it out.” “Now that that's settled, was there anything else?” Rik asks. “Yes, one more thing. I need to know how to make my pack official.”
“I believe I can help you with that.” Alpha Anders says. “It's simply a matter of completing the application, getting the backing of three Alphas, and submitting it to the werewolf elders for approval. I’m guessing the three Alphas in this room will back you and since I’m on the council, I can help push it through quickly. But you will need a name for your pack. Have you given it any consideration?”
“I have, but I'd like to run it by Grace first.” I say.
“We can get started on the rest of the application and put in the name when you decide.” Anders says, moving to Rik’s desk and motioning me over to begin completing the application that will make our pack official.
+15 JOHOB
###Chapter 364
I decide very quickly that, not only are we sisters through our Guardian bond, but Cara, Angel and I would have been friends regardless of the bond. We are all very different, but very much alike in the ways that matter.
I tell them about our pack and how all of the pack members have come from packs where they were mistreated. They are shocked at our numbers and the separate number of packs where our members come from.
“How can an Alpha and Luna allow their pack members to be treated so poorly? It’s their job to care for their pack.” Cara says.
Angel is nodding. “I agree. I almost lost it when I thought Liam was allowing our omegas to be abused. He had to rein me in because my aura had pushed the pack to their knees and was causing them pain. It’s a partnership. As Alpha and Luna, we have to work together. There will be times when we lose our temper or become frustrated. That’s when the mate bond is so important, not just for each other, but for the health and safety of the pack. I’ll never understand those that don’t value the mate bond.”
“Honestly, I never understood it. Watching my mother suffer for so long, I hated the idea of the mate bond. It felt like chains forcing my mother to feel things that she no longer wanted to feel for a man that didn’t love her and willingly mistreated her. I never wanted it. But then I met Eli and I realized it’s not the bond that is the problem, it’s the person. If you both accept the bond and treat each other with love and respect, then it grows
and develops into som beautiful.” I say, thinking about how much my belief in the mate bond has changed since meeting Eli.
Cara leans her head back, rubbing her hand over her baby bump in gentle circles. “I can’t imagine anything more wonderful than the mate bond. My father told me about it all my life.” She lifts her head up and looks at me. “Do you know, he never took another mate. Never even considered it.” She looks thoughtful. “Now, knowing what I have with Rik, I understand. You could never have this feeling with anyone else. There could never be anyone for me, but him.”
“I'm really glad to hear you say that, love.” Rik says, walking out and chuckling at his mate before picking her up and putting her in his lap. “How are my mate and my little Peanut doing?” He asks, kissing her nose..
“We're just fine, daddy.” She says as Rik rubs his hand over her protruding stomach. +15 BONOS
“When are you due?” I ask as Liam comes out and also picks Angel up, sitting her in his lap. I watch as she gives him an exasperated look but doesn’t complain. He just smirks at her before burying his nose in her hair. She has a lot of hair.
“I'm due in about 6 weeks.” She tells me and I turn to Angel. “I’m due about a month later, so I’m about halfway through my pregnancy.” Angel says,
answering my unspoken question. “And do you both know what you’re having?” I ask, already knowing the answer. Maia can smell the babies.
Cara rolls her eyes at Rik before answering. “We're having a girl. Rik is so proud of himself for realizing it first. He could smell her, or so he says.” She swats his arm, playfully.
“We're having a boy.” Liam says. “And Rik is right, I could smell him before the doctor confirmed it.” I'm wondering where Eli is and why he didn’t follow Rik and Liam outside. “He’s putting in an application to make your pack official. My father is helping him. He'll fill everything out except the name. He wants your input on that.” Rik tells
1.me.
###Chapter 365
Another woman comes outside. She’s pregnant as well, but not as far along as Cara and Angel and not yet showing. “Oh, Lunas, Alphas. I didn’t mean to interrupt.” She says, before turning to go.
“It's no problem at all, Willow.” Cara tells her. “So, you're having twins. Is there something in the water here I should know about?” I ask jokingly.
The woman, Willow, turns to me as the other four all direct their attention to me as well. “What did you say, Luna?” Willow asks me.
“You're having twins.” I say, but as I look around my confidence wanes. “You did know you were pregnant, right? I’m sorry if you didn't.”
Willow looks at Rik and Cara before turning back to me. Rik eyes are laser focused on me. “I just found out that I was pregnant this morning. I haven’t told anyone. other than my mate.”
“Oh, I apologize. I didn’t realize you hadn’t told anyone. Please forgive me.” “You said twins?” She says, her voice going up an octave. I look back at the other four who are all watching me intently. I lift my nose in the air and sniff. Definitely twins.
“Yes, two boys.” I tell her. I watch as her eyes glisten with unshed tears and her hands go to her mouth. “I need to go tell my mate.” She says before running off.
“When is Ailduin scheduled to return?” Angel asks. “A couple of weeks.” Cara says,
“You'll have to come back when he’s here. He will want to chronicle this gift. I think it’s new.” Rik says. “You said you knew how many hunters there were and now this. He'll definitely want to know about this.”
“I'll have him bring the chronicles of Maia’s Guardian line as well. I know my father appreciated reading them.”
As soon as Cara says it, the memories flood into my head and I begin nodding. “I remember. Just now when you mentioned it, I remember the chronicles.”
At that moment, Eli comes out with another Alpha behind him. I stand to introduce myself, but before I can, Rik jumps in. “Grace, let me introduce my father, Alpha Anders. Dad this is Grace Gunnar, Eli's mate.”
“It's nice to meet you.” I say, before turning to sit down. Before I can, Eli has pulled me into his lap. “Eli!” I say, embarrassed as this public display.
He just shrugs. “It’s apparently the thing to do, pulling your mate into your lap.” He says, smiling and kissing the corner of my mouth.
“If he’s anything like these two, you'll be lucky if your butt ever touches a seat. Angel laughs. “Before we go to dinner, I have a question for you both.” Liam says. “Since your pack will be official, have you considered joining
in the Tournament of the Moon Goddess this year?”
The Tournament of the Moon Goddess. I had forgotten all about it. It is the werewolf equivalent of the human Olympics. It occurs every four years and it’s where the strength of the packs are ranked and the populations of the packs are tracked. Each continent has their own since there are so many packs worldwide Even here, there are hundreds of packs that participate. I attended the year 1 turned 10 with my father, cheering on our pack. Obviously, I didn’t attend the one that occurred when I was 14 and now here it is again.
I look at Eli to judge his desire and willingness to participate. He looks at me. “We will consider it. When will it take place?”
“It will be in three months‘ time. I can give you the information on it, but it would be beneficial to have your pack attend. It would validate your pack’s existence to the other packs.” Rik says.
“Grace and I have a lot to talk about. We'll add that to the list.”
Cooper 
###Chapter 366
At dinner, we sat with Rik, Cara, Liam, Angel, Rik’s Beta Chase and his mate, Lacey, bis Gamma Jason, and his mate, Willow, the one pregnant with twins. I realized Rik’s entire team of ranked members is pregnant at the same time. In addition to them, Rik’s parents, Alpha Anders and Luna Calista joined us.
Rik introduced us to his pack and let everyone know that we were forming our own official pack. He explained how our pack came into being and I could tell by the looks some of them were passing back and forth, that they knew of others that may need to escape to our pack.
During dinner, we talked about getting together tomorrow and seeing what strengths the girls could use together. I can see Rik is hesitant to let Cara do much, but she likes the idea. “It’s not the Guardian gifts that tire me out, Rik. I'll be fine.” And that was the end of that discussion. I couldn’t help but smile. At least I’m not the only one willing to do just about anything for my mate.
After dinner, we sat outside for a while, enjoying the evening air before retiring to our room.
“Rik said you had an idea for the pack’s name. What were you thinking?” Grace asks me as we settle into bed. I pull her against me, so her back is flush against my front, curling my arm around her waist before answering.
“I wanted to see what you thought. Most packs are named for the area they are in, or some significant landmark on their pack lands. But.....”
“But?” She says, turning and looking at me over her shoulder.
“I was thinking we could call it Safe Haven. I know it’s not typical...” I rush to continue, but she stops me. “I love it. It’s perfect and it’s exactly what we are. I think the pack will like it too.” She says.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.” I feel better knowing she agrees with the name and feels that the pack will too. I didn’t think coming up with a name for a pack would cause this much trepidation, but once it’s named, it permanent. It’s kind of like naming your child, you don’t want to get it wrong and have them deal with a crappy name. their entire life.
“I'l finalize it with Anders tomorrow and get the application process started. Now, tell me why the idea of the Tournament of the Moon Goddess had your
+15 BONOS
anxiety spiking earlier.”
She shifts uncomfortably in my arms. I kiss her shoulder, rubbing my nose against her neck, waiting her out. “My father will be there.” She whispers.
It hadn’t occurred to me that she might have to face her father. After all these years, I understood her reluctance. “You don’t have to go. I think we should, as a pack, formalize our ranking among the other packs, but we can do that without you, baby.”
“Excuse me.” She says offended, turning in my arms. “I’m a Guardian, our pack will not battle for a ranking of strength without me. I’m the strongest member of our pack, with the possible exception of you.”
“Geez, you spend one day with Cara and Angel and now it’s all ‘I’m a Guardian‘.” I say, changing my voice to a high-pitched nasal voice.
She smacks my chest. “I don’t sound like that.”
“How do you know? I think that’s exactly what you sound like.” I tease. “I’m a Guardian, and an Alpha female, hear me roar.” I say in the same high-pitched voice again.
She rolls over on top of me, straddling me, her hands pinning my arms to the bed. “Did you want to see just how loudly I can roar, Alpha.”
I'm thankful we sleep naked, as I grab her hips, and slowly slide my dick between her folds, loving how wet she already is for me. “Every minute of every day, baby.” I tell her before shifting and thrusting inside her.
She sits up, her head falling back as she takes me deep inside her. Looking back down at me, she rubs her hands over her breasts, her eyes never leaving mine ast she plucks her nipples, bringing them to hard peaks. My dick twitches inside her and I growl my pleasure as my hands guide the movement of her hips until she gets her rhythm. Once she does, I replace her hands with mine, pinching and tugging her nipples while she rides me like the Alpha female she is, hard, fast and dominant. I reach up taking one of her breasts into my mouth, sucking and teasing as my hand finds her clit rubbing circles in time with her pace. Her hands. grab onto my shoulders as I feel her walls start to tighten on me and she increases her speed, slamming herself up and down on my dick until we both are roaring our pleasure together. 
###Chapter 367
Chapter 0367 HICHT
We collapse, her laying on top of me, catching our breath. I wrap my arms around her as our breathing comes back to normal. “I really don’t think I can choose a favorite position. That one was fun too.” Says my sexy mate. She kisses. my chest, looking up at me. “I like being in control.”
I burst out laughing before rolling us onto our side and curling her up against me. “Of course you do, little Alpha.” I say, kissing the top of her head, before we drift off to sleep.
The next day, Rik and Liam want to assess Grace’s fighting skills. “So, here’s the thing.” I say, knowing Grace has no fighting skills and feeling the need to defend her. “She was raised as a human. She hasn’t been-trained.*
“That may be true, but Maia has the knowledge of not just her, but also Clint. Clint was a great warrior. You should be able to tap into that knowledge, Grace.”
“Knowledge is one thing, Rik. But you're talking about someone that doesn’t have the muscle memory, or the physical strength yet. She will, but she’s not there yet.”
“I think you are underestimating her genetics. She’s an Alpha and on top of that, she’s a Guardian. Let's just give it a try and see if she can tap into her power.”
I look at Grace, who shrugs. “Worst case scenario, I suck and I’m not worse off than I think I am.” She says, laughing.
“Liam, you're great at pissing off Guardians and helping them tap into their strength. Why don’t you take this one.” Rik says, with a smirk on his face. I hear Angel scoff behind me.
Liam just shrugs. “He’s not wrong.” He says before taking a defensive stance. against Grace. “Okay, show me what you've got Grace.” He says, waiting for her to strike out.
She looks at me and then back at him. “You want me to hit you?”
He nods. “Let’s see how strong you are.”
She looks at me again before looking back at Liam. “But I don’t want to hit you.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I see Rik put his hands on his hips and narrow his eyes, like he’s waiting for something to happen. I feel like I should know what's about to happen and I’m about to go up to Rik and ask when Liam speaks.
+15 BONOS
“Are you sure you don’t want to hit me?” He asks, tauntingly.
“Yeah.” She says, staring at him.
“What if I told you that I beat the shit out of your mate every day for over six months?”
I see Grace tense up. I don’t think this is a good idea.
“Did he tell you that I'd beat him so badly that he couldn’t even stand when I was done?” Grace is growling now.
“Liam.” I say, trying to impart his need to be cautious. They did just state that she’s an Alpha and a Guardian. She’s going to be stronger than Liam if he pushes her too hard.
He starts bouncing around on his feet, dancing toward her. “And I enjoyed every minute of it.”
He hasn’t taken his eyes off of her, but it's not going to matter. I can see the air around her starting to shiver. Whatever power they wanted her to tap into, she’s tapping into it, and it’s not going to be good for Liam.
I feel rather than see Angel standing up, moving closer as Liam continues. ” Maybe I'll take him back down there and....”
11-
Whatever else he planned to say, was cut off as Grace went flying at him. She’s fast and her punches and kicks are coming at a speed I didn’t know was possible. Her fist connects with Liam's stomach, and I hear him grunt as he shifts and dodges out of her way. I can see that he’s using every bit of his strength and training to keep from being injured by her onslaught of anger.
“You stay the fuck away from my mate. I will end you.” Grace screams and in an instant, Angel is in front of Liam, her arms flying out on either side of her. I have a moment to feel the power surge that pushes me backward, nearly off my feet before watching as the wave of energy hits the forest line and the trees shake and creak from the pressure.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 368
move to Grace, wrapping my arms around her. “Stop baby. Stop. He was pushing your buttons. He’s not going to hurt me.” Her breath is heaving in her chest.
“Dammit Angel. I told you to never step in front of me again.” Liam grabs her, his hands going protectively around her stomach to protect the baby.
“Her power can’t hurt me Liam, but it can hurt you.” She says, then looks at Grace.
“Like Cara’s power didn’t hurt you?” Liam snarls at Angel.
“I didn’t know what to expect then. I do now.” She tells him before turning back to Grace.
“Eli is right, Grace. Liam didn’t mean it. He did the same thing to me, made me angry so I could tap into my Guardian strength.” I can tell Liam wants her to
but she’s holding steady. move,
Grace looks at Liam. “We’re family, Grace. I would never hurt my family. I know what I did to Eli was awful, but you and he are my family now. I won’t hurt him, and I didn’t enjoy hurting him before.”
When she relaxes against me, her breathing coming back to normal, Angel finally drops her arms and let's Liam pull her aside. “We will have words later Angel. He tells her before turning to Grace.
“Did you feel your strength, your power? Can you tap into it now?” He asks her. She steps out of my arms and cracks her neck. “I feel it.” She turns to me. “It’s a LOT of power.”
Angel is nodding. “Yes, it is. But we’re all here to help you learn how to harness it and how to boost it using our strengths as well.” Angel says, motioning to Cara and herself.
“What was that you did just now Angel?” I ask her, wondering how she and Liam were able to remain standing when both Rik and I were pushed backward. Thankfully, Cara was seated already.
“Cara can punch out her power, similar to what Grace just did. I can direct it, guide it. When we are working together, I can help Cara direct her power too. So, if I wanted to hit you with my power, but leave Grace untouched, even if she’s standing right next to you, I could.”
“Really? Let's see.” I said, interested in how this works since I’ve never seen anything like that before.
Liam raises an eyebrow at me. “Are you sure about that?” He asks. “My little angel is pretty tough.”
#16 BONOS
“Well, don’t kill me, just show me. And you’re sure you can keep it from hurting Grace?” I say, stepping up to stand beside Grace. “Yes. Ready?” Angel asks.
“As I'll ever be.” I say and in an instant, I’m on my ass on the ground. It felt like I was punched in the stomach.
“Damn. That's impressive.” I say, when I notice that Grace is untouched.
She turns and helps me up before turning back to Angel with a smile on her face. “Okay, let's get started.” Grace says.
Cooper
Author
Does not use ability to senda power surow
surge from
+15 DONOS
###Chapter 369
For several hours, I train with Angel and Cara, tapping into and manipulating each other’s power. Then Rik wants me to train physically. As we walk to Clint’s and Cara’s old house, he explains.
“You've found your Guardian strength and power, but you need the physical. strength in your human form. It will also help Maia for you to train both in human and wolf form. You probably remember that Clint had an entire training center set up for Cara.”
When we get there, I recognize the house. It has feelings of both happiness and sadness, loneliness and family. It’s a strange combination.
‘Clint lived here after losing Lily. While he had Cara and loved her, and Anders visited every week, he still felt the constant emptiness of losing his mate.’ Maia explains to me.
“What is this?” Eli asks as we walk up and see an incredible training center. “This is only the outdoor training equipment. There’s an entire indoor training center as well.” Cara says.
“Clint built it over the years to train Cara.” I say, getting the memories from Maia. I walk up, running my hands along the training equipment. “He worked on it every day while she was at school. It was how he was able to survive Lily’s death. It gave him a purpose.”
I turn and see a tear fall down Cara’s cheek. “I’m sorry, the memories...” I say.
“No, it’s okay. Like you said yesterday, it’s one thing to know something and another to have it confirmed. Dad was amazing at training me, and later the pack warriors as well.”
“I just wish he would have started training them earlier.” Anders says, walking outside from the house. “Hey dad. We wanted to have Grace and Maia train today, if that’s alright.”
“Of course, as long as I can watch.”
“You live here now?” I asked him.
“We do, Cali and I.” He turns and looks at Cara. “She happens to have a batch of your favorite brownies coming out of the over in a few minutes.”
A huge smile spreads across Cara’s face. “I do have an insatiable appetite for +15 BONOS brownies.” I notice Rik’s eyes darkening.
“Okay, let’s get started before this gets awkward.” Liam says. I notice that when Rik sets Cara down in a chair beside his father, his kiss seems exceptionally passionate. I don’t want to know what it is with them and brownies.
Liam explains the obstacle course, Cara jumping in to remind ine of the different ways the course is set up to knock you off your feet, forcing you to concentrate and maintain your balance.
“I find it’s more fun to train competitively, Grace. Do you have a preference who you train against?” Liam asks. “I'm training with my mate.” Eli says before I can answer. Liam looks at Rik. “Then I guess it'll be you against me.” He says, rubbing his hands together, a gleam in his eye.
Rik laughs. “How about we all take turns against each other. Grace needs to train for longer than just the one time. That way we can all run it three times.”
“Grace, do you remember the course, or do you want Rik and Liam to run it first?” Cara asks me.
“I remember it, but Eli won’t know anything about it.”
“I'm good. Remember, I lived in the wild for nearly two decades. I’m used to managing unexpected things coming at me.” He says.
I shrug. “Okay. And if I remember, the goal is to not only get through the obstacles but to be the first to hit the stop button at the end?”
“Yep.” Everyone watching says in unison. Eli and I line up. I turn to look at him, smirking. “You think you can take me, Alpha.”
His low growl answers me just before Anders shoots the start gun. In my memories, Clint was never able to run the course. He built it and worked out in
the sections meant for upper body workouts, but he never ran the obstacle course. It felt good to be able to run his course for him.
BONOS
###Chapter 370
I almost immediately fall behind Eli who is extremely muscular and uses his upper body strength to pull ahead. I’m strong, but I don’t have the training that he’s had. However, he’s not nearly as good at balance as I am, and add to that, the flying logs intended to knock you off the small beam, I am able to gain some ground on him.
I have to admit, my competitive nature is spurred by having to run this course against Eli. I can see he’s having the same response. We're pushing ourselves harder and harder as we get closer to the end.
into a
We're almost to the end when a huge log comes swinging down, I duck just in time, but Eli is too big and gets smacked off the stump he’s jumping on, pool of water below. I’m laughing as I jump to the end and hit the stop button. I look down, watching him come up and shake the water out of his hair. He grins up at me before pulling himself out of the water.
“That was fun! I’m glad I get to run it again.” He says.
Rik and Liam line up at the beginning of the course and when the starter gun goes off, it’s mayhem. They are ultra-competitive with each other, both pushing to get ahead. Liam is more muscular than Rik but Rik has the edge with agility. They are fairly equally matched and end up hitting the stop button at the same time.
For the rest of the afternoon, we run the obstacles, sometimes in wolf form and sometimes in human form. I only beat the guys in human form if they fell off the obstacle, and even then, Liam still tied with me.
However, in wolf form, Maia kicked all their butts. I’d like to say that she is a gracious winner, but not at all. She pranced around smacking their wolves with her tail, howling her dominance and flaunting her superiority. Angel and Cara loved every minute of it, giving Maia lots of hugs and ‘atta girl’s. By the time we were done, I was exhausted.
Thankfully, Luna Calista ended up making dinner for us, so we were able to sit outside and eat. I’m blaming the extremely long work out session for the embarrassing way I fell asleep in Eli's arms. After dinner, he pulled me into his lap again. I can tell this is his new favorite thing, but I wasn’t complaining. I leaned against him, tucking my nose under his neck and the next thing I know, he’s putting me into bed. He must have carried me all the way back to the packhouse, which is miles away from the Clint’s and Cara’s home. Or, I guess it’s Anders and Calista’s now.
1/2 +15 BONOS
The next morning, I woke up sore, but we had already discussed having me workout again before we head back to our pack. Eli planned to leave after lunch, so this time, we worked out in the inside gym. This obstacle course was built differently, but it was no less gruesome, especially considering my sore muscles. After lunch, Cara gave me some muscle soak, after ensuring that we have a functional bathtub. She told me to make the water as hot as I could stand before pouring the salts into the tub. I can’t wait to use them.
Rik, Liam and Angel ran with us to the canyon, where Liam and Angel broke off to head to their pack and Rik said goodbye as we left for ours. All in all, it was a good weekend. I’ve agreed to continue my training, coming to see them again in two weeks when Ailduin returns. After that, we'll see how often I can come to train with Cara and Angel. I think the more we train together, the stronger we will all become. But some of that will also depend on their pregnancy and delivery of their babies. Either way, I know the bonds that we have started to forge this weekend will only continue to grow and strengthen.
Cooper Author
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 371
When we arrive back at our pack, I know Grace is exhausted. It’s been a grueling couple of days for her. I was able to complete our application to make our pack official, I applied for us to participate in the Tournament of the Moon Goddess, we set a date for the first mate gathering with Rik and Liam’s packs and I told Liam that I’d have numbers for him in a couple of days for those that want to work for hi
Allin all, it was a very productive weekend.
When we get to the packhouse, Carlos is waiting for us, Amber’s baby in his arms. “Alpha, Luna. Welcome home.” He says. We shift and put on some clothes before walking into the packhouse.
“Carlos, nice mark you’re sporting.” I say, referencing his new mate mark. He smiles sheepishly. “Thank you, Alpha.” “Congratulations.” Grace says to him, coming up beside me.
“Uh, I know you both probably want to go clean up and check in on everything that’s happened while you were gone, but before you go, Amber and I would like to share something with you.”
Amber comes walking up and she has her own, strangely designed mate mark. I raise I brow, looking at her. “You were able to mark Amber?” I ask Carlos.
He looks at her and I can see his embarrassment. “I wasn’t able to restrain myself, and even though I don’t have a wolf, it seems to have worked. We both felt the mate bond snap into place.” He says, pulling Amber into his side and hugging her close.
“I'm very happy for both of you. Is that what you wanted to share with us?” I ask, ready to get caught up before dinner. I have a lot to announce to the pack.
“Actually, we wanted to introduce you to our daughter. Amber and I wanted to give her a name that meant something to both of us, something that we both feel we have now. So, may I introduce you to our daughter, Hope.”
Grace steps forward, putting her finger in Hope’s hand, letting her grasp her finger as she leans down and kisses her forehead. “Welcome to Safe Haven, Hope.” She says quietly.
Carlos looks at me over Grace’s head. I smile at him. “Spread the word, I have some announcements to make at dinner. Anyone that can, should attend tonight.”
“Yes, Alpha!” Carlos says excitedly.
Grace reaches out and touches Amber's arm. “A beautiful name for a beautiful girl.”
“Thank you, Luna.”
“Now,” Grace says turning to me. “I’d better check to make sure we're set to feed everyone for dinner tonight.” “I'll join you, Luna.” Amber says before taking Hope from Carlos and following Grace into the kitchen.
Carlos falls into step beside me. “So, it’s done?” He asks as we begin walking to his office.
“The application is complete and submitted. It'll be a couple of days before we get confirmation.” I’m about to walk into his office, when he stops me.
“Alpha.” I turn as he opens the door to the office next to his. I stop in the doorway and see that in my absence, it’s been set up. “You tasked our Gamma with finding offices for all of us. He took it a step further and set them up. This is your office.” He says, sweeping his arm in a gesture for me to precede him into the office.
I walk in and see that there is a desk with a chair, some bookcases, a small round table and two chairs. “Where did you get the furniture?” I ask, astonished that there is any at all.
“Jeremy, that’s the carpenter that is making Hope’s crib, had some that were in various states of disrepair. He’s taking the pieces that are still good and creating new pieces of furniture. We started with yours and Luna’s. Noah’s furniture is in process and then we'll set up offices for Amber and Sirona, although Sirona is expecting to spend most of her time at the pack hospital.”
At that moment, Noah walks in. “Alpha! Welcome back. What do you think?” +IS BONOS
###Chapter 372
Chapter 0372 “I think I’m impressed with your ability to get an office set up for me so quickly. Nice job.”
He looks around, as if assessing the space. “It’s not much, but we can add to it as more furniture becomes available. We've let the pack members know that if they have any spare furniture or anything that they don’t want, to let Jeremy know. He’s created his own provisional workspace just outside the packhouse.”
“Since you're both here, close the door and have a seat. I’ll update you the events of the weekend. A lot has happened and will continue to happen. And I'd like to hear about how training went this weekend, as well.” Carlos smiles at that and Noah snorts, so I know there’s a story there.
After filling them in on the application for the pack, the upcoming tournament and the date for the mate gathering, I tell them about Liam and Rik’s loan for the construction of the pack as well as Liam’s ability and willingness to hire our pack members to rebuild our pack and pay our pack members.
“That’s....well, it’s incredible. I never would have expected that.” Carlos says, Noah nodding in agreement. “It means we will be able to get this pack up to a livable standard before the tournament. How many of us will he hire?”
I let them know that Liam is willing to hire anyone that is interested in working. It’s a great opportunity for the pack. I discuss their thoughts around the
repayment amount from the salaries and we all agree that 50% is fair, especially since everyone will get a home out of it and right now, they are doing the work for free.
Afterward, I find out that Carlos got some flack at the first training session. Some of the warriors challenged his ability to train them properly. He shut them up be having the she—-wolves he'd been training pair up with the warriors that have basically been training themselves. In each instance, the she-wolves were victorious in the sparring, forcing their opponent to tap out. After that, everyone began to train at Carlos’s level. Apparently, now there is a lot of grumbling about how sore they are after training.
When we finish, I head to the kitchen, getting Grace before heading upstairs to finally shower before dinner.
“I have them adding a dessert tonight since we have a lot to celebrate. I’m hoping the pack is just as excited as we are. I think they will be.” She tells me and I can
+15 BONOS feel her excitement through the bond at our upcoming announcements.
When we get downstairs, we sit at the head table with Carlos, Amber, Noah and Sirona, our ranked members who will be official in the next week, if all goes well. As the pack comes in, I wait until the omegas have served the food and have seated themselves before starting. The news traveled, so everyone is expecting an announcement. I stand, taking Grace’s hand and having her join me.
“Attention everyone! It’s good to be home.” I say and everyone claps and laughs. “As you all know, your Luna and I went to the Canyon Ridge Pack over the weekend. There were many things that needed to be addressed and I have several announcements for you. First, I am proud to announce that your Luna has tapped into her Guardian memories as well as her strength and power.” The entire room breaks out into applause. I look at Grace proudly and see her cheeks. are slightly pink. She didn’t know I was going to praise her publicly. But, as is evident from the applause, the pack understands the value of having her, a strong Guardian, as our Luna. When the applause dies down, I begin again. “Second, our first mate gathering will be at the Shadow Falls Pack in three weeks‘ time. Every unmated male and female of age is welcome to attend. All mate pairings will be welcome at either pack, so when you find your mate, you can choose which pack you will live in.” Another round of applause and cheering. 
###Chapter 373
“Next, I have applied for this pack to become official. Alphas Rik, Liam and Anders supported our claim, and we should know in the next couple of days if the application was approved.” The room erupts in loud cheering and foot stomping. “Once the application is approved, we will have an official ceremony naming all of your ranked pack members and when everyone has pledged their loyalty to us and this pack, we will have a pack link.” More cheers.
I wait for the cheering to die down again. “I had to choose a name for our pack. Your Luna and I chose together, and we hope that you all agree, that while it isn’t traditional, it is exactly what our pack is. Our pack’s name will be Safe Haven.” There is a moment of utter silence before the room erupts into applause, howls and cheers.
I smile. “I’m guessing that means you all agree.” I say and receive several chuckles.
“My next announcement is related to our pack becoming official. While I was away, I also applied for our new pack to participate in the Tournament of the Moon Goddess this year. The tournament will take place in three months’ time. If you are interested in
participating, Carlos and I will be having additional training sessions to get pack members ready to participate.” There is a lot of chatter and quiet discussion at this announcement.
“I know that this might be scary for some of you. Most of you here ran from your previous pack. But remember, we will have an official pack and you will be part of that pack. Your previous Alpha or ranked members cannot take you from our pack.” I say but stop as I hear Grace growl beside me.
“And if they try, they will have to go through me.” Grace snarls with Maia overlaying in her voice. “We do not live in fear. And you do not have to cower away from those that have mistreated you in the past. So, do not let that be a factor in your choice to participate in the tournament.”
I can see that this has significantly impacted the pack members, but I still have possibly the most important announcement left.
“Finally,” and I receive a lot of laughter since this ‘announcement has gone on for nearly 30 minutes. “Alpha Liam and Alpha Rik have offered to loan this pack the money needed to rebuild our homes and buildings. Alpha Liam owns his own company, and that company has a construction business. He is willing to hire as many of our pack members as would like to work. He will pay us for rebuilding our pack. The repayment of the loan will come from the salaries that are you paid
+15 BONOS
to build. Carlos, Noah and I have agreed that 50% of the salaries of everyone who works will go back into the loan. The rest belongs to you. It may sound like a lot of money taken from your pay, but remember, right now, you are not getting paid anything to rebuild, and it will take a lot longer to finish everything that needs to be done in this pack. Also, when the construction is complete, everyone will have their own home. Also, anyone who wants to continue working for Alpha Liam will have the opportunity to apply after our work here is complete.”
I turn and look at the omegas. “I also confirmed that anyone that may not be strong enough to help with the actual construction can also be hired to do things like painting, trimming, adding gutters, things like that. So, everyone is eligible to participate if you would like. Please think about it and let me, Beta Carlos or Gamma Noah know if you would like to participate. I told Alpha Liam I would have a list for him by Wednesday. Any questions?”
I answer a couple of questions, but mostly everyone looks like I did at first, overwhelmed and needing to take time to think about everything that I’ve told
them.
Grace and I sit back down and begin eating, listening to the happy chatter goin on around us.
Cooper Author
It looks like Safe Haven will become an official pack soon 
###Chapter 374
The announcements went as well as expected over dinner. Afterward, I took a much-needed soak, mentally thanking Cara for the muscle soak. The rest of the week became a whirlwind.
I began training with Eli and Carlos in the morning and again in the afternoon. Afternoons are now three hours of training, the first two are required for warriors in the pack and the last hour is for those that want to participate in the tournament. We found out that the packs can only take their top 20 individuals, so our members will have to battle for their right to represent our pack. Eli and I are both pleasantly surprised at the number of individuals that are vying for those positions. It seems our pack members are proud of their pack, officially named Safe Haven.
That’s right. On Tuesday after we returned to our pack, Eli received a verbal notification from Alpha Anders that our pack was approved. We are official. Then on Wednesday, Eli informed Liam that 250 of our nearly 300 pack members want to be hired to rebuild our pack. I was stunned by the numbers. Basically, everyone that isn’t a pup will be helping at some level to rebuild. Eli wasn’t surprised at all. “Our people come from nothing Grace, the same as you and I. They left their packs with only the clothes on their backs in many instances. They understand the value of creating something for themselves and if they can make money for their family or future family in the process? Well, it’s the best opportunity that they've ever been given.”
Liam said he would bring his job superintendent over on Friday afternoon, since he and Angel will be staying for our ranked member ceremony on Saturday.. We've also invited Rik, Cara, Anders and Calista to participate and witness our pack becoming Official since they have helped us to make it happen.
We sent another group out hunting for meat in preparation for the festivities on Saturday. The packhouse is bustling with the anticipation of having three visiting Alphas and Lunas. Summer has been making sure that the rooms are cleaned and cleared, with fresh linens. Autumn and Amber are working to create new work schedules starting on Monday since nearly every omega working in the kitchens and packhouse requested to assist at some level with the rebuilding effort.
Our hunters caught three wild hogs, allowing us to plan for a large barbeque with pork butts, loins and ribs. Because we have so many potatoes, we'll be making potato salad and since I had purchased pounds of macaroni when I went shopping a week ago, we have what we need to make a macaroni salad. We'll
round that out with some baked beans, cooked slow with some bacon slices from the hogs and some freshly made rolls.
On Friday morning, I’m approached by a couple of my pack members as I am finalizing everything for Saturday. As one woman approaches, everyone in the kitchen goes quiet.
“Luna.” I turn, looking at her, as my eyes take in the room. Everyone has stopped what they are doing to watch our interaction. My name is Anna, I am Jeremy’s mate.” “Anna, it’s nice to meet you.” I say, having no idea what is going on or why everyone is watching us.
“Luna, you may not know this, but I was a seamstress in my previous pack and we were able to find a sewing machine that my husband and I have restored.
“That’s wonderful. I know many people here need new clothes and as a pack we still don’t have the money to pay for store bought clothes. Your skills will be very helpful to the pack members.”
“Yes, well, that brings me to the reason I wanted to speak with you. Me and most of the females in this pack really appreciate what you and Alpha Eli are doing to give us a place to live where we can be happy and are treated with respect. And, we know that you don’t have the money to purchase a gown for your Luna ceremony.”
“That’s correct, but that’s okay. It’s about creating the pack, not about what I am wearing that’s important.”
She smiles at me, looking around the room. “Well, we disagree Luna. We wanted our Luna to stand in front of our neighboring packs’ Alphas and Lunas dressed as you should be for your inauguration. So, we all pitched in and found material that I have used to create a gown for you. I hope you don’t mind that Summer went to your room to get your measurements, but we wanted to surprise you with a gift from us, your pack, for your inauguration.”
I can feel my eyes burning and my throat constricting from the sudden flood of emotions I am feeling. As I stand there trying to get my emotions under control, another woman comes up carrying a beautiful rose gold dress with a V-neck, flared sleeves that will come to my elbows and a slit that will come up to mid- thigh. It's beautiful and the sequins which adorn the entire dress make it feel elegant in its simplicity.
“I don’t know what to say.” I whisper as I reach out to touch the gown. “It’s beautiful. I love it. Thank you all. Thank you all so much.” I say, and I fight hard,
but a single tear escapes as the women all start to come up and hug me. “Grace?” Eli walks in, concern etched in his voice. He must have felt my emotional turmoil.
“Eli. Look what the pack has gifted me for our ceremony tomorrow night.” I point to the dress, watching as a proud smile spreads across his face. He walks to me, wrapping his arm around my waist and kissing the side of my head.
“This is beautiful. Thank you all for doing this for your Luna. It’s very generous.” They all look at each other before turning back to us. “We were able to create dresses for Beta Amber and Gamma Sirona as
well, but we wanted to give Luna hers before Alpha Liam arrives and we lost our chance. We're all very proud to become members of this pack.”
“Would you like me to hang it in your closet, Luna?” Summer asks me.
“No, thank you, I'll take it.” I reach out, holding the dress up before turning to face the room again. “I cannot tell you all what this means to me. Thank you.”
I take the dress to my room, careful to hang it so the bottom doesn’t touch the floor. As I step back, looking at what must have cost my pack members every last penny they have, my heart is so full I feel like it might explode.
Cooper Author
Next up, ranked member ceremonies! 
###Chapter 375
I'm so proud of my pack. The gift that they are giving their ranked females speaks volumes about their feelings toward our pack. It's a good thing and reinforces what we are doing here, creating this place for those that have nowhere else to go.
Liam, Angel and Liam's foreman, Perry, arrive just before lunch. Grace and I meet them out front as they arrive and lead them to a table on the back patio we had set up for lunch. Noah and Sirona join us.
“Dr. Phillips, how have you settled in?” Liam asks her.
“Sirona please, Alpha. And very well. It's very exciting what we are planning to create here. I’m glad to be a part of it.” She tells him.
“If you decide you want to come back to the easy life, our pack is always open to you.” He says and Angel smacks him with the back of her hand. He rubs his chest, pretending she hit him hard, as he smiles down at her.
“What are your plans, Sirona?” Angel asks her and she launches into her ideas of how to rebuild the pack hospital. Perry is paying attention and making notes on his clipboard.
After lunch, Noah and I take Perry and Liam on a tour of the pack lands and the buildings that need to be built. We start with the pack hospital, and I can see the wheels turning in Perry’s head. From there, we go around to the houses that are in various stages of completion, the ones that are being torn down for refurbishment and the areas where we are keeping the reusable materials.
Perry walks up to the materials, lifting some of the pieces and looking them over with a critical eye. “You've done a great job here. These are good materials and if we use them, it will reduce the overall cost of rebuilding, lowering the materials we will need to buy.” He says, nodding his head, making a note on his clipboard as we walk along.
When we're done, we meet Carlos in his office and sit down to discuss the plan. We get an anticipated cost, which makes my stomach twist into a knot.
“I know a lot, but remember, you’re rebuilding an entire pack. If
it sounds like you break it down into a price per house, including the pack hospital and the packhouse, it’s really not that much. You and your pack members will more than be able to repay that loan through this process.” Liam says to me.
“Okay, so what's the plan?” I ask. 15 BONDS
It's Perry that answers my question. “We'll start on Monday. I'd like to have two crews, one for demolition and one for rebuilding. Once the demolition is. complete, we'll put that crew on rebuilding as well. We'll focus on the houses that are in process first, get those knocked out quickly and then begin building the others.” He stops, looking over his notes.
“I do have one other suggestion, if you don’t mind me saying.” He says, looking up at me.
“Of course.”
He looks down at his notes again. “Other than the pack hospital and packhouse, you haven’t allotted any space or time for building other structures, such as restaurants, clothing stores, florists, anything that your pack would want or need to runa business on pack lands. It may not be something that you’ve thought of, but I’d suggest talking to your pack and seeing if any of
them have skills that would warrant a storefront. You're not so far from Canyon Ridge or Shadow Falls that those packs wouldn't come to shop here or bring their mates and kids for a meal. Just a thought.”
It's a good thought and one I had not considered. It’s been so long since either Grace or I have lived in a pack that we didn’t think about having a place for our pack members to work on the pack lands, but it's how many other packs sustain themselves.
“I'll speak to the pack about it. Thank you, Perry.” 
###Chapter 376
Chapter 0376 After we finished, he said his goodbyes and left, promising to arrive first thing Monday morning.
We go in search of our mates, finding them outside, watching some of the pups running around the garden. I see Jeremy working on another structure not far from the garden.
“How did it go?” Grace asks as Liam pulls Angel into a hug.
“It's good. Perry had some other ideas, and ways we can save money, but he’ll be back on Monday to get started.” I push my chin in the direction of Jeremy. ” What's Jeremy building now? I thought he would be focusing on furniture or Hope’s crib.”
“Actually, while we were gone, Amber found a place that sells egg-laying hens. Autumn had a great idea about having our own hens of various ages and Amber searched for a place that has them. This way, we can have egg layers and allow some to mature so that we can start our own chicken coop. Then, eventually, we'll have our own supply of eggs and chicken, making us more independently sustainable. But, before we can pick up the hens, we need a hen house. That's where Jeremy comes in. He said he had what he needed to build it and it wouldn't take more than a day.”
I look at my mate in wonder. “Hens?”
She smirks. “And maybe a rooster as well. We just needed to find a place away from where most people shift. Noah is taking Autumn and I on Sunday afternoon. to get them.”
“You continue to amaze me, baby.”
Rik and Cara arrive before dinner, and I introduce them to our pack. Anders and Calista will arrive tomorrow morning. Anders will be presiding over our ceremonies.
Nearly my entire pack comes up to thank Liam and Rik for loaning us the money to rebuild. They talk about their plans, and I take the opportunity to find out some of the storefronts that my pack would like to have. Since Noah will be taking the lead working with Perry during construction, I'll give him my ideas of where we can put a ‘main street’ with rows of shops on either side.
Over
dinner, Angel, Cara and Amber talk about)
and pups. Amber
didn’t really have a chance to enjoy her pregnancy, since she was in captivity, but + 15 BONOS
she still seems to enjoy the conversation and is able to relate to the ‘pregnancy hormones‘. Whatever that means. When I look at Grace, I can see and feel a little sadness in her. We haven't had an opportunity to talk about having pups. We also haven’t had the money for condoms, so that conversation needs to happen sooner rather than later. If she wants to wait, maybe Sirona has some ideas for birth control options.
Later that night, when I’m curled around my mate, I ask her. “We’ve never had the pup conversation, baby. What are your thoughts? Do you want them?”
She’s quiet for a moment. “I do. I didn’t think I would, not with the direction my life was going. But with this life, with you, I definitely do.” She turns in my arms, putting her hand on my face. “But, would you be disappointed if I said I wanted to wait a bit? I'm young, so there’s no rush. But we have so much to do here, and I want to participate in the tournament, which I wouldn't be able to do if I was pregnant. So, maybe we can start working on a pup after that?”
I rub my nose against my mate’s. “I think that’s a great idea. I definitely want to have pups with you, but now doesn’t feel like the right time. Would you be
comfortable talking to Sirona to see if we have any options for birth control, at least until I can make some money to afford condoms?”
She chuckles, turning back around, pressing herself into me. Goddess, I love this Woman.
“Til talk to her this weekend.” 
###Chapter 377
The day of our inauguration ceremony starts exactly as I expected it to, chaotic. People are bustling around everywhere. Luna Calista and Alpha Anders arrive after breakfast. With them, they brought suits for the guys. I guess they heard about our dresses but knew the guys didn’t have anything to wear. While his pants fit fine, the shirt and jacket were very snug on my mate. I called Anna to see if she could think of anything and she was able to find seams that she would let out so that the clothes fit Eli better.
My hair was a simple affair. Since it’s short, I just slicked it to my head. With the dress, it gave the hairstyle an elegant feel. A stage had been set up on the lawns. behind the packhouse. Chairs for everyone were set out with the front row being reserved for Rik, Cara, Liam, Angel and Calista. Anders will be on stage with us, presiding over the event.
Eli and I meet Carlos, Amber, Noah and Sirona on the back patio. Amber’s dress is a beautiful teal, floor—length dress with spaghetti straps and a criss cross pattern in the bodice. Sirona’s dress is closer to mine in color but without the sequins. Hers is a dusty rose, the top collects at her throat with a strap that attaches. around her neck and a satin bow at her waist. The pack has made sure that we all look amazing for our ceremony.
There is a low murmuring chatter from the pack, the anticipation and excitement in the air are palpable. Eli turns to me, a smug look on his face.
“Is everyone here, Luna?” He asks me, indicating my ability to count numbers with my smell.
I lift my nose in the air and sniff. “Two hundred and ninety—eight pack members, and six traveling Alphas and Lunas.” I tell him with an answering smirk.
“What just happened?” Sirona asks, looking between me and Eli. “Gifts of a being a Guardian.” Eli says before turning to walk outside.
We walk side by side, in three lines, Eli and I go first, followed by Carlos and Amber and Noah and Sirona bringing up the back. Everyone goes quiet as we walk to the stage, moving to stand in front of the table that has been set up. Anders walks over to us. “Ready?” He asks quietly.
“Ready.” We all say at once.
He turns to the crowd. “Ladies and gentlemen of Safe Haven. Today we begin a new era for your pack. Today we make Safe Haven an official pack by inducting
your ranked members into their positions. After your ranked members swear their allegiance and fealty to this pack, each of you will come forward and commit your loyalty and faithfulness to them and this pack. Is there anyone here today that is unwilling to Officially become a member of Safe Haven?” He asks, his voice ringing out with the power of his Alpha aura.
When no one says anything, he turns back to Eli. “Then let us begin.”
“Alpha Eli, step forward. Do you swear by the power and strength that the Moon Goddess has provided to you that you will love, support and protect the members of your pack, even with your life if necessary?”
Eli turns to our pack. “I, Alpha Eli Gunnar, swear by the power and strength provided to me by the Moon Goddess that I will love, support and protect you, the members of my pack, even if it means giving my life for you.”
Alpha Anders takes his hand, slicing it down the palm and placing it over a chalice, letting Eli's blood drip into the cup. I realize that someone must have brought the knife and chalice, since Eli and I certainly didn’t have anything this fancy for our ceremony.
When he’s done, Eli turns to me. As the Alpha, he will preside over the rest of the
ceremony.
“Luna Grace, step forward.” He says and I take his hand in mine, stepping up to him.
“Do you, Grace Gunnar, swear by the power and strength provided to you by the Moon Goddess that you will love, honor, and protect the members of our pack even if it means giving your life?”
###Chapter 378
I repeat the words back, giving my oath. Eli then cuts his hand and mine, putting them together. I feel the power of our joined hands as our blood drips into the chalice. We are no longer ranked members in name only. The ceremony is solidifying our roles within the pack.
We go through each member, as they swear to love and support the pack, willing to give their lives to protect the pack if needed. Each time Eli cuts another hand, grasping it with his own, I feel the strength and power of our pack growing. Our mind link has opened up and now we can all speak to each other, including Carlos. I wasn’t sure if it would work for him, without a wolf, but he is able to mind link as well.
When we are done, Alpha Anders steps back up. “Now it is time for each of you to swear your love and commitment to your ranked members and your pack. One by one, you will come forward, swearing your allegiance to your ranked members before sipping from their blood. Once done, you will feel the mind link and you will officially be members of Safe Haven pack.
It takes hours, but gradually, every member comes forward, pledging their loyalty and commitment to the pack. Only the pups that do not yet have a wolf are excluded from the ceremony. They will officially join the pack when they get their wolf spirit.
As the last person sips from the chalice, opening the last mind link, a cheer goes up. Eli lifts his hands in the air to quiet everyone. “Members of Safe Haven pack. We will have a pack run before our barbeque. Let us all shift to our wolf form and run our pack lands together. Anyone that is unable to join the pack run, you can follow Carlos inside and begin the festivities with our guests from Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls packs.”
We had decided that Carlos was the best choice for ranked member not only because he cannot shift, but Hope is too young to leave alone. Angel and Cara had offered to help him watch any little ones that would be left while their parents went on the pack run.
I watch for a moment, seeing that some parents are dropping their pups off before turning back to Eli. He has stripped and is ready to shift. I join him and we jump to the front of our pack, shifting mid-air. He howls up at the sky and the pack’s answering howls reverberate through the ground. Louis takes off, Maia right behind him.
There are a lot of happy howls and yips as we make our way around the pack -15 BONOS
lands. When we return, the smell of food makes my mouth water. I had been so busy and also nervous for tonight that I hadn’t eaten much today. When we shift and change back into our formal attire, the sun has set and the twinkling lights. that are decorating the outdoor patio and seating area are lit up, giving the place a delicate, romantic feel.
As our pack members walk inside, chatting happily amongst each other, I pull Eli to a stop.
“Look at that, Eli. Look at what you have done, what you have created.” I tell him, my heart full of pride for my mate. I know that pride is shining in my eyes as I look up at him. He created this, built something from nothing. I want him to take a moment to truly appreciate what he has done.
He wraps his arms around me. “We did this Grace. I couldn’t make this work until I found you. You have brought the heart and soul that this pack has needed. I am so proud to have you as my mate and my Luna.”
We turn, looking inside the glass doors, watching the laughter and happiness of our new pack.
Cooper
Author Now the pack is official, let the rebuilding begin!
Updates occur daily. 
###Chapter 379
On Sunday, our friends left after breakfast. Angel and Cara were excited about the garden and wanted to purchase some of the fruits and vegetables when they are harvested. It’s another way the pack can make some money and Victoria and Ivy are already making plans to expand the garden. They were part of the group that wanted a store on our new ‘main street’, although they want theirs to be mostly an open-air market environment.
Grace, Amber and Noah picked up some egg-laying hens. They seem to like their new living arrangements. It will take a few days for them to adjust, but we’ve assigned some of the older pups to watch out for them, feed them and let them graze ina fenced in area every day. We started with 30 hens, we'll see how many eggs they can produce, but I think that Grace is already working on a plan for bring in more for the pack. If we produce an excess, we can sell the extras in the market.
On Monday, Perry shows up with a crew and we get started with the morning shift. We had to divide everyone into shifts so that we can continue to manage the pack, run patrols and basically not shut down the operation of the pack. So, Carlos and I spent Sunday afternoon revising teams into 6—hour shifts for both construction and pack work. If they choose to work more in construction, they can. All of the ranked members are pulling patrol duties. Carlos insisted he be included in the rotation and while he can’t shift, he still manages to keep up with the other wolves patrolling and his eye for things that are out of place and his instincts as an Alpha have come in handy more than once.
In addition, we’re still managing 5 hours of training each day. I’ve assigned Carlos to train the pack members that can’t shift, whether they are too young, too old or pregnant. He is working with them on learning to throw knives and shoot arrows. Ever since our attack by hunters, we want to be ready and ensure that the pack feels confident in their ability to fight off anyone that comes into our territory. Noah and I run the morning training with most of the other pack members and Carlos joins me in the afternoon for warrior and tournament training.
To say it’s a lot and I fall into bed exhausted every day would be an understatement. Some days it’s all I can do to pull my mate against me before I fall asleep.
Over the next two weeks, the pack, with Perry and his crews’ oversight, demolish the rest of the homes that could not be saved. Five houses that were in various states of rebuilding are completed except for things like painting and trims. After
getting my first paycheck from Liam, I was able to buy several different colors of paint for the houses, letting the pack members decide on their own internal and
external colors. Some pack members chose to buy their own and make their homes feel more personal or eclectic. The general attitude of hap“?
and
excitement that started with our inaugural ceremonies has continued, even though most of the pack feels as exhausted as I do. a large group of workers over to the
Once the destruction is complete, Perry working closely with Perry to
pack hospital. Sirona has been there every
make sure that the hospital is set up in a way that is conducive to treating multiple types of injuries, long-term issues, childbirth, you name it, Sirona is thinking about it.
I'm looking over our financials getting ready for our trip back to Canyon Ridge to meet King Ailduin, the Fae King, who is chronicling the Guardians lives and has been for a couple of centuries. Yes, centuries. He’s over two hundred years old.
Liam was right about paying back the loan. He’s waiting to order supplies until we need them, and it allows the pack to repay the loan almost immediately. I’m feeling much better about this process, especially since more and more pack members have ideas for buildings they want to build.
On the Friday we are going back to Canyon Ridge, Grace and I are checking to make sure everything is set. We'll be gone through the weekend again. We used the money Grace got from working for Liam to purchase food for the pack. It’s been great to finally feed everyone the amount of food that they need, especially when we are working everyone so hard. Our hunters are still going out to catch wild game, but we can supplement that with other food now too, making it last longer. Grace’s hens have started laying eggs as well, so eggs with breakfast is now a daily occurrence. I've also noticed that Cammy is using some of the fruit that has been harvested and is making jams and jellies.
Sirona is using her money to supply the pack hospital with medical supplies and Amber has used hers to buy material that Anna used to sew her, Hope and Carlo some much needed clothes. Overall, it feels that the pack is really starting to come together. 
###Chapter 380
When I get to our room, I see Grace has already packed our bags. I love the sweet little ways my mate shows me that she loves and cares for me. Neither of us have had a lot of time, so it’s the little things, like packing my bag, that we do to show each other how much we love each other.
I have a gift for my mate as well. I used some of my money to get her some clothes to train in. She’s been wearing her shorts and t-shirts but they aren’t going to last long with the grueling workouts we are having and now, going back for Guardian training, I expect it will only get worse.
I take the clothes I had Summer secretly wash for me and quickly put them into Grace’s bag. I took the opportunity to get myself some much-needed clothing as well. Rik, Liam and Anders have been very generous in providing the things that we’ve needed to this point, such as the knife and chalice and the clothing for me, Carlos and Noah for our pack inauguration. But it’s time for us to become independent and begin taking care of ourselves financially.
As I'm checking my bag to make sure I have everything I need, Grace comes in. She walks up behind me, wrapping her arms around me.
“Are you about ready?” She asks me.
“Yes, because apparently my mate loves me and packed my things for me. I say, turning in her arms and wrapping mine around her.
“How are you feeling about this trip?” I ask. We haven't really had a chance to discuss this, or much of anything lately.
“Only a little nervous. Angel and Cara seem very comfortable with King Ailduin and Maia has some memories of him from Donovan, something about testing our strengths. If he can help me tap into our Guardian strength even more, it'll be worth it.”
We grab our bags and walk downstairs, saying our goodbyes to everyone before shifting and running the two hours to Rik’s pack lands. When we get there, Trevor and Maddison are there waiting for us, and they escort us to the packhouse.
I'm a bit surprised to see Cara and how much her stomach has grown in just two weeks. She’s about a month away from having her pup, and it already looks pretty uncomfortable to me.
“Good afternoon.” She says from her chair. “Angel and Liam just arrived and are
getting settled. You are in the same room as last time, so feel free to drop off your bags, get settled and join us back here. Rik will be back in a moment and Ailduin and Aolis are due to arrive around dinner time.”
We f get settled and join everyone on the back porch. The girls immediately begin talking about the mate gathering which is scheduled for next weekend at Angel and Liam’s pack. I know some of our unmated pack members are excited to have this chance to meet their mates, while others have indicated that they would like to stay and work, planning to join in the next gathering.
“How many people should we plan for next weekend?” Angel asks Grace. She turns to look at me. “I believe there are about 50, right?” I nod.
Angel frowns. “Only fifty? I thought you had more than 100 unmated wolves.” “We do, but some want to continue to work on their homes. I'll speak to them again and let you know if that number changes, but if not, for the second event we will have different folks joining. Also, my omegas wanted me to clarify that they are welcome at this event. I told them everyone was, but they will feel better if I confirm that with you.”
“I have no intention of excluding anyone. Everyone is welcome. It’s a mate gathering. I’m hoping all of our members find their mates, no matter their status in the pack.”
“That will increase our numbers, but I’m not sure by how many. The omegas didn’t want to agree until they knew for sure that they were welcome.” “I think we have about 75 members going, right Rik?” Cara asks.
“About that. And we know that our pack members and yours, Angel, already have had the opportunity to meet their mates and haven't found them, unless you have any wolves that have recently turned 18?” Rik asks.
“We have a few, but mostly it will be the individuals that didn’t find their mates in your pack. I’m excited to have fresh blood.” She says, rubbing her hands and we all laugh. “We'll have about 75 from our pack as well, so if you only send 50, that still puts us at 200 for the event. That’s a good turnout and if you send more, even better.
Rik stands up. “Ailduin and Aolis are here. I'll go meet them and bring them back here.” 
###Chapter 381
When I think of fae royalty, King Ailduin is exactly what I’d expect. He is tall, at least 7 fro, his hair is white, even lighter than Angel's, but not gray, just very white. His skin is pale but seems to glow giving him the look of someone in excellent health. And he walks with such elegance it’s almost as if he’s floatin
His son, Aolis, is a smaller version of Ailduin. When I say small, I mean at 10 years old, he’s already over 5 feet tall, much taller than a normal human his age. Eli and I stand up to greet him. I’m not sure if I’m supposed to bow or curtsy, so I follow the example of the others and just shake his hand.
“Guardian. It is good to meet you. May I have your name?” He says, holding my hand as he speaks to me. His touch has a strange warmth to it. It’s more than body heat, it’s feels more like a relaxing heat. I instantly feel calm.
Maia pushes forward. “King Ailduin. I remember you, although most of my memories are vague. I am Maia and my human is Grace.”
“Maia, Grace, it is good to meet you both. Cara mentioned that you have memories of Clint reading your Guardian line’s chronicles, but we have brought them just in case you decide you’d like to look them over while we are together this weekend.”
Over dinner, Ailduin tells me of our Guardian line, descending from Aloysuis and that our Guardian has increased strength and the ability to mind link from long distances. We discuss Cara’s abilities and how they seem to have been passed down from her parents. And while she has them, they should be stronger at the source, namely me.
“We weren't able to get a complete assessment of Donovan’s power due to Clint’s paralysis. This weekend I would like to test your powers and I also hear you have a new power that I’d like to witness and test if you are agreeable.”
“Yes. Anything you can teach me about my Guardian strengths would be helpful. I didn’t get Maia until I was 18, and she came to me with her Guardian spirit, so we've not really had a chance to explore our power too much.”
“And, as long as everyone is comfortable, I’d like to see if we can continue the training we started with Clint and Donovan and have you draw from the other Guardians power to boost your own.”
He turns to Eli. “After we have tested your mate’s powers, I'd like to test yours as well.” “Finally!” Liam says, rubbing his hands together. Eli just laughs at him.
“We'd better include Trevor as well. You know he loves testing his strength against the Guardians.” Cara says to Rik, who nods his agreement.
We finish dinner and make plans to meet first thing in the morning. As we relax outside, watching Rik’s wolves running in the forest, I can’t help but notice that Aolis makes a point to be near Cara. She doesn’t seem to mind, but I notice that Liam watches him too. I had also noticed that Liam made a point to ensure that Ailduin didn’t hug Angel too long when they arrived. She was the only one he hugged, and Liam got tense, but didn’t say anything. There are definitely some odd dynamics between the Guardians and the fae.
Liam and Angel tell us about a strange visit they had from a supernatural. “King Urien came and pledged his loyalty to Angel and Cara.” Liam tells Ailduin. “The vampire king?” Ailduin asks. Both Rik and Liam nod.
“We'll make a note, but I would expect that if vampire royalty are coming to pledge their fealty to the Guardians, the other supernaturals won't be far behind. Keep me informed and we can continue to document who and when the supernaturals swear their allegiance to you.”
###Chapter 382
He turns and looks at Eli and 1. “You two should expect to start hearing from some supernaturals as well. Word of your awakening and placement in a newly formed pack will spread quickly, Grace.‘
I nod, not entirely sure what to expect if other supernaturals come to our borders.
The next morning, as we are getting ready, I notice new clothes in my bag.
“What is this?” I ask, turning to Eli, holding the clothes in my hands.
He walks up to me. “Just a little something I know you need and will help you with your training.” I wrap my arms around his neck. I love low
he is always thinking of sweet little ways to show me how much he loves me. “Thank you.” I tell him, kissing him and pressing myself against him.
“Don't start something you can’t finish, little Alpha.” He says kissing my nose
“Later, then.” I promise.
“Later.”
When we're ready, we head out to the training field and I note that several of Rik’s warriors stay behind to watch.
I walk over to where Rik has set up a seat for Cara. I have never seen someone that is supposed to be on bedrest spend so much time out of bed. “What's going on over there?” I ask, watching the group of warriors as they glance around and look like they are passing money back and forth.”
“Oh, that’s Dean. He’s our resident bookie. They’re making bets on today.” “Bets about what?”
“Hey Dean.” Cara calls out to him. He comes trotting over.
“What are today’s bets?” She asks him.
He looks at his sheet. “There’s a bet on who will win between Alpha Liam and Alpha Eli. Currently, odds are in Alpha Liam’s favor. There’s a bet about whethe Trevor can withstand Luna Grace's aura and for how long. Those odds are in Luna Grace’s favor, although not as much as I'd expect since she’s a Guardian. He stops, looking up at me. “No offense, Luna, but you are an unknown.”
He looks down at his pad again. “There’s a bet on whether or not Luna Grace an
Alpha Eli can mind link to their pack from here. Odds in favor of no. And here’s bet on who will win it Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam spar, odds on Alpha Rik.” He looks up. “Anything else Lunas? Want to place a bet?”
I shake my head. When he jogs back to the group, I look at Cara. “I think your pack has a gambling problem.” I say, only half joking.
She laughs. “It’s a fun way for them to blow eam. Dean knows that if things
get out of hand with someone that he needs to let Rik know, and he handles it privately. It doesn’t happen often, but it does on occasion.”
Ailduin calls me over. “Okay, let’s start with your aura. You know how to manipulate your aura, correct?”
“Yes, Liam helped me find the strength in my aura.” I tell him. “Excellent.” He turns to Rik. “Who will be our test subject today?” “Hey Trevor.” He calls and Trevor comes jogging up and huge smile on his face. He stops in front of us.
“So, I get to take on another Guardian.” He starts hopping back and forth on the balls of his feet like he can’t wait for me to push him around with my aura. The people in this pack are a bit crazy.
Ailduin tells me to push my aura out, trying to control it until I feel Trevor start to push against it. Then to continue to add strength until I force him to his knees. I look at Trevor.
“You're okay with this?” I ask him. Who volunteers for this?
“Are you kidding? A chance to test my strength against a Guardian. I’d do that all day every day. Let's see what you've got Luna.” He says, cracking his neck then standing back before giving me the ‘come on‘ gesture with this hands. 
###Chapter 383
Chapter 0383 “Okay. I’m sorry in advance if I hurt you.” I tell him.
I close my eyes and reach inside myself, pulling on my Alpha aura. Maia pushes. her aura into mine, adding it, boosting it with hers. I follow Ailduin’s instructions and slowly push my aura toward Trevor. I notice that Ailduin takes a couple steps back as my aura pushes out.
When it gets to Trevor, I hear him grunt, and feel him pushing back on my aura. “Okay Grace. Can you put any more power into your aura.” I open my eyes and
look at Ailduin. “I'm barely using any strength. I’m concentrating so I don’t hurt Trevor.”
“That’s good. You have control. Slowly add power to your aura.” He says and I turn to watch Trevor, not wanting to blast him back. As I slowly push my aura, I can see sweat start beading on his forehead, trickling down his face. He grits his teeth and lifts his neck in submission.
“Really, this isn’t any power?” He manages to ask through his clenched teeth. “Not much.” I say. “Do you want me to stop?” “No, keep going.”
I push more power but the moment he drops to his knees, I pull my aura back. He stays on his knees for a moment, panting, before standing up.
“What would happen if you threw your aura at me?” He asks me before looking. at Ailduin. I also turn to Ailduin. I've never done that before.
Ailduin looks thoughtful before looking back at me. “If I had to guess, I’d say that it would be something like what I was told happened with Cara when Clint died. I’m guessing the ability to send a power surge came from this Guardian line. So, most likely, she would throw you across the training field.”
“Let's see.” His eyes light up, a smile on his face.
“I'm not sure I’m comfortable taking out Rik’s Lead Warrior and my recent pack member’s mate. I’m not sure I have enough control not to hurt you.”
“Alright, half power then. I'd love to see just how strong you are. you are.” He says.
“I can see why you're Rik’s Lead Warrior. You have no fear and no self- preservation. I need to talk to Maddison while I’m here.” I tell him.
He laughs me off. “Half power, Luna. I trust you not to kill me.”
I turn and look at the others. Rik and Cara just shrug. I look at Ailduin.
“The only way we will know how strong you are is if we test it.”
I turn back to Trevor. ‘Maia, don’t let me kill him.”
‘Half power.’ She says, coming forward to help me control it.
“Ready?” I ask Trevor. When he nods, I push out my power.
Trevor goes flying across the training field, almost hitting a tree at the forest line. He was thrown nearly 300 feet, or the distance
of a football field. But he wasn’t the only one. Since I can’t direct my aura, Ailduin, Rik, Liam, Eli and Rik’s warriors were also thrown backward several hundred feet. Behind me I see Angel with her arms out, protecting her and Cara from my blast.
I watch as they all stand up, no one injured badly. They are all looking at me in astonishment. “Damn.”
Cooper
Author
Grace at half power? Pretty awesome! 
###Chapter 384
I am stunned at the power that Grace just pushed out. And according to her, it was only half her power. She literally knocked all three Alphas, a fae king and a group of warriors on their collective asses.
Cara starts clapping. “Nice job, Grace!”
Rik jogs over to Trevor who is limping but not injured badly.
I walk with Ailduin and Liam back over to my mate. “Are you okay?” She asks me, her eyes looking over my body for injuries. “I'm fine. But, wow, baby. I had no idea you were that strong.”
“I told you, it's a LOT of power that I can feel now.”
As Trevor limps closer she goes to him. “Are you alright? Did I hurt you?” She asks him, concern etching her voice.
“I'm good, Luna. I asked for it and wow, that was something else.”
“Maia? That was only half of your power?” Ailduin directs his question to Maia, rather than Grace.
“Yes. I pushed my power into Grace’s Alpha aura and then helped her hold it back.”
“Impressive. I will have to come up with another way to test your strength, since your full strength would cause injury to the pack.”
“I think I'm done for now.” “Are you fatigued from pushing your aura?” Ailduin asks her, his brows furrowing.
I walk over and put my arms around her. “No, she’s concerned about hurting Rik and Cara’s pack. Can we switch gears to something else for now?” I answer for my mate. I can feel through the bond that she feels guilty for hurting Trevor, even though it wasn’t bad, and he is already healing.
“Of course. I want to test your strength as well.” Ailduin says and I walk Grace to a chair, helping her to sit her, before kissing her forehead and walking back.
“Well, I can tell you, I’can’t do what she just did.” I say.
Ailduin chuckles. “No, I wouldn’t expect that you could. But that doesn’t mean that you’re not stronger than you used to be. Have you tested your strength?”
Not specifically I train like the other Alphas, but I can’t say I’ve tested my trength other than during the obstacle course we did a couple weeks ago.
I'm not as knowledgeable about the gifts of being mated to a Guardian. Based on what I’ve learned from Rik and Liam, you gain some of your Guardian's abilities. I’d like to see if that’s true for you. I believe Liam has agreed to spar with you today?” He asks, looking at Liam.
‘Hell yeah!” He says, hopping up and coming over. “You letting me get some payback?” I ask, as I take a defensive stance. “No way, you'll have to fight for it.” He says, before coming at me.
I quickly realize that I’m faster than I used to be. I’ve fought against Alphas before, and I always struggled to hold my own. Now, however, it feels like I’m faster than Liam.
I'm also very familiar with how hard Liam punches, having been his punching bag for six months. But now, his hits don’t seem so powerful, and my own punches are making an impact.
After about 30 minutes, Ailduin calls us to stop.
Whew. Were you always this strong?” Liam asks me, holding his ribs. I got some good hits in.
“I don’t think so. I know I wasn’t this fast, and I also know that your punches feel weaker than before. Unless you're getting old.” I say, lightly punching him in the
arm.
“Who are you calling old, old man. You're older than me.” He says, punching back.
If someone had asked me a year ago if I’d be sparring with Liam Holstin in the back of Rik Forte’s packhouse, joking with both Alphas, I would have laughed in their face. And yet, here I am.
“How about you, Rik. Are you going to give the old man a go?” Liam says tauntingly to Rik. “I don’t know if the old man can take a young stud like me.” He says, walking over. “But, if he’s game, so am I.
I'm not as experienced with Rik’s fists as I am with Liam’s, but I have some memory of our fight when I was trying to kidnap Cara. It's the same as before, even though Rik is nearly 13 years younger than me, I’m skipping in and out of his reach, getting my punches in. He lands his share on me, but they don’t feel
nearly as powerful as I remember.
When Ailduin calls us to stop, I give the same feedback. I feel faster and Rik’s hits feel weaker than I remember. 
###Chapter 385
We stop for lunch, and I take the opportunity to pull my mate into my lap. I haven’t had time to really spend with her lately with everything going on in our pack, but while we are here, I’m going to take full advantage.
“Really, Eli?” She asks, giving me an exasperated look. I just smile, kiss her nose and pull her plate over so she can eat while sitting in my lap.
Angel snickers from her position in Liam’s lap. “Told you you’re butt would never sit in a seat.” Liam whispers something in her ear that I choose not to hear, but no one can ignore the astonishing shade of pink Angel’s cheeks get or the smug smirk on Liam’s face.
After lunch, Ailduin wants to test our ability to mind link. He says we both should have the ability to mind link farther than is normal. He has us walk back outside, not that it’s necessary, but it’s where we’ve been ‘training’ with our Guardian gifts.
He starts with Grace. “I would like you to try to contact someone in your pack. Think of a person that you are close with and reach out like you normally would.”
When she does, she says she can’t hear anyone.
“Let Maia put her Guardian strength behind it.” Ailduin says. “Like she said she did with your Alpha aura, let her strength push your mind link.”
Grace closes her eyes and I can see her concentration. She stands there for a minute before she gasps and her eyes fly open. “They're having lasagna for dinner tonight.” She turns to me. “I could hear Cammy and she could hear me.”
“That’s amazing!” I look at Ailduin. “Excellent. Now, Eli, you try.” “But, I don’t have a Guardian spirit to push behind my mind link.”
“No, but Louis should be able to give you his strength. You need to be able to tap into the gifts that you have been given through the mate bond.” He tells me.
‘Louis? What do you think?”
‘We can try. I’m not sure what strength I can give you, but I’ll push what I have toward your mind link. Let’s try to speak to Carlos first and if that doesn’t work, try Noah.”
I close my eyes, like Grace did and focus my thoughts on Carlos. I begin to feel a whisper of his mind before it shuts off. ‘Let's try Noah.‘
I push my mind out, this time looking for Noal. His mind is easier to find, probably because he has a wolf. When I find him, his response is startled. “Alpha, are you back?”
“No, we're practicing long-distance mind linking. We're still in Canyon Ridge.” “You're still....whoa, that’s impressive.”
“Anything I need to know?”
“Sirona got a shipment of medical supplies.”
I chuckle through the link. “Don’t be surprised if I reach out again. Not sure what else this Fae King wants us to do. By the way, I could almost reach Carlos, but not quite. Is he near you?”
“No, Alpha. He’s actually out running patrols.” “Thanks Noah.” I say before disengaging and looking at Grace. “Sirona got a shipment of medical supplies.” I tell her smiling. “So, it worked?” Ailduin asks.
“Yes and no. I tried mind linking Carlos first. He has no wolf, but he can still mind link. Noah said he’s out running patrols and I could just feel his mind but couldn’t connect.”
“Good, then that will be our next test. Grace, I want you to try to reach out to Carlos.”
She does and is able to reach him, fairly easily. “He’s running patrols.” She says, confirming what Noah told me.
Okay, now, I want you to hold hands. Grace, I want Maia to push her strength toward Louis. Eli, I want you to try to reach Carlos.” Ailduin instructs us.
I take Grace’s hand and I focus on my mind link, while Louis focuses on Maia. We try several times, before I break into a sweat and start to get a headache before
we stop.
“It may not be possible, but I wanted to try it. I know you can boost each other’s Guardian gifts, but we haven't tried boosting your mates’ gifts.” Ailduin says.
“I think that’s enough for today. Tomorrow, I'd like to work on boosting the Guardians’ gifts before we leave. Aolis and I will spend the rest of the evening documenting our findings today.” He says before taking Aolis and walking back
inside.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Grace’s abilities?
###Chapter 386
Eli and I went to our room early. This weekend, while taxing emotionally, has been good for us. It’s the most time we’ve been able to spend together in weeks and when we return to our pack, we'll have to get right back to long, tiring days.
I keep my promise from earlier and finish what I started. It feels good to reconnect with my mate, to be able to shut out the world and let it just be him and me for a couple of hours.
The next morning, we both wake feeling refreshed and reconnected. We join everyone downstairs for breakfast before starting to work on pooling our
Guardian strengths.
Rik wasn’t happy about having Cara participate, so Ailduin had me and Angel work together. “Angel, since you've done this with Cara, let's see if you can direct Grace’s power as well.” Angel walks up to me, taking my hand. “Ready?”
I nod, looking at Rik’s warriors that volunteered to be part of our experiment. Ailduin tells us to start with half of the warriors being protected by Angel and the other half getting my aura.
“I want you to push out like you did with Trevor to start. Let Angel feel your aura, let her manipulate it then push it out slowly like you did before.”
I do, and it’s a strange feeling letting Angel control my aura, almost like it’s being molded like clay. Ailduin has us move around, picking and choosing
individuals here and there to be protected, working Angel’s gift at the same time as mine. When he calls for a break, he paces while we go sit in our mates’ laps.
“We've been using one Guardian’s strengths to manipulate another and that has worked well. But I’d like to see if a Guardian can pull a gift from another Guardian.” He says, making us all look at each other in confusion.
“What do you mean Ailduin?” Rik asks.
He turns to Liam and Angel. “You have my gift of being able to detect a lie. Both of you have it, correct?” They nod. He turns to me and Eli. “I'd like to see i
then detect a lie.”
Grace can pull on that strength and can
I look at Angel “You know when someone is lying?”
“Yes, it tastes...” She’s cut off by Ailduin.
“Don't tell her. Let’s see if she can figure it out on her own.
When we've rested, Angel and I stand back up. This time we face each other and hold hands.
I look at Ailduin. “Okay, what do I do?”
“Well, I'm not exactly sure. This is uncharted territory, but I want you to feel like you want to tell if someone is lying. Have Maia reach out to Alessia.” He looks at Angel.
“Alessia, you will try to push your gift to Maia.”
Both wolves are forward as we begin. I close my eyes, trying to focus on finding at lie.
“My name is Ailduin.” Nothing
“lam a Fae King.” Nothing.
“I rejected my mate.” I get a funny taste in my mouth, my mouth screwing up. I open my eyes and Angel is looking at me. “Is that....metal?” I ask as Angel’s face breaks into a huge smile.
“YES! Lies taste metallic.”
“It's gross.”
“Now that you know what you are looking for, let’s continue.” We do this a few more times and the taste gets stronger each time I taste it. “Before we switch, I'd like to see if you can pull from Liam as well.” Ailduin says.
Liam switches positions with Angel, holding both my hands. I hear Eli grumbling behind me. “Shh, you know I love you, Eli.” I tell him before closing my eyes.
Maia reaches out to Cyran. I tilt my head. “Is that the Alpha in you that feels different than Angel?” I open my eyes and see Liam, his eyebrow raised. “I have no idea.” “What does it feel like?” Ailduin asks.
I close my eyes again. “Angel's is....softer, lighter. Liam’s is darker, harder. I’m not sure I’m explaining it well, but it's different. Cyran is very powerful.”
+15 BONGS
I hear Louis growling behind me. “You're still the only wolf for me, Louis.” I tell him before I feel Elis hands on my hips. I turn looking at him over my shoulder, but his eyes are on Liam.
“I have my own mate, Eli. I’m not trying to take yours.” Eli doesn’t move. 
###Chapter 387
I shake my head and close my eyes again, pulling on Cyran’s strength.
“My name is Rik Forte.” Nothing.
“lam Alpha of Canyon Ridge Pack.” Nothing.
“Trevor is my Gamma.” Metal.
“Yep, that worked.” I say, smacking my tongue around in my mouth and trying to remove the taste. Chapter 0387
“It really does taste terrible.” Eli says behind me.
All of our heads turn to look at him.
“You can taste it, too?” Ailduin says, looking intently at Eli.
“Yeah. Grace is right, it’s gross.
I look back at Ailduin. “What does it mean?”
He’s looking at us and I can almost see the steam coming out of his ears his brain is working so hard. “Let's try something else. Angel.” He motions for her to come back over.
“I want you to try to mind link your pack, using Maia’s abilities. Liam, I want you to touch Angel while she’s pulling from Grace. Once Angel says she can link, I want you to try as well.”
I feel Alessia reach out, pulling from Maia’s strength before Angel’s eyes go unfocused. “I've connected to Sarah. She says Dustin is with her.” She says.
I watch as Liam’s eyes go unfocused and a moment later, a smile spreads across his face. “Dustin says we have terrible timing. He turns looking at the group. “We couldn't do this with Cara.” He says before looking back at me. “It must be your power.” It worked. Cara hops up. “I want to try.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Cara. We don’t know how it might impact your or our little Peanut.” Rik says, coming up behind her.
Cara looks at Angel. “Do you feel tired at all?”
“No, it was more tiring when Maia was pulling from Alessia. But, Alessia pulling from Maia almost energized me.‘
Cara turns to Rik. “We're trying it. If I start to feel fatigued, well, any more than I already do, I'll stop.”
Rik lips press into a thin line, but he walks up to Cara, wrapping his arms around her. “I’m holding on to you, just in case.”
Cara smiles, then wiggles back against him before reaching out to me. I take her hands and look at Ailduin. “What do you want us to try?”
“Do you have any pack members away from the pack?” He asks Cara.
“We do. We have a couple visiting family in a pack that’s in the next state over, several hours drive from here.” Cara replies. “Let's try. Don’t overexert yourself, we don’t want to hurt your child, but I’d like to see if Artemis can pull from Maia’s strength.” When I take Cara’s hands, the connection between our wolves is instantaneous,
“Whoa.” I say, startled by how easy it is to connect.
“We are family.” Maia tells me out loud. “I will always be able to connect to my child, just as Alessia will.” I turn and see that Alessia has pushed forward again.
“Always.” She agrees. “See what I mean? It’s weird.” I hear Liam whisper to Eli. “It definitely is.” Eli agrees.
“Cara, I want you to concentrate. I know you have the ability to mind link long distances, but with Maia’s help, Artemis should be able to mind link your pack distances, members, even though the distance extends past your reach.”
Cara, like Angel, focuses on my face. I feel it when Artemis pulls Maia’s strength and Cara inhales sharply. Rik is instantly on alert. “Cara, do we need to stop?”
“No, Angel is right. Maia’s strength is almost...invigorating. I feel great.”
I watch as she focuses on her task and then her eyes go unfocused. It takes a few minutes, but suddenly she speaks. “I have them, both of them.”
Ailduin looks at Rik. “Your turn Rik. Have Kai pull from Artemis and see if can also link your pack members.”
you
Rik’s eyes go unfocused. It takes him a bit longer, but suddenly his face lights up with a smile. “I’ve got them.”
We drop our hands and take a moment to appreciate the significance of what just happened.
“I believe we have underestimated the strength of Aloysius‘ line. Or perhaps, as with Bellona’s line, it has strengthened with a reincarnation.” Ailduin says.
“This has been most enlightening. Aolis and I have much to chronicle. I want to go back and look through my books, but I don’t believe that the Guardians have ever worked together like this. I believe the more you practice, the stronger you will become, individually and together. I would like to come back in two weeks‘
+15 BONOS
time to practice and test some more. But in the meantime, you can practice together or with your mates to see if you can boost your Guardian strengths.”
We all agree to meet back here in two weeks’ time. Hopefully, Cara won't deliver early, and she can also participate in the training. We say our goodbyes and head back to our packs.
Cooper Author
The Guardians are getting strenger 
###Chapter 388
When we arrived home, we were greeted with howls and yips of happiness from the pack. We found out quickly that more people had come to our borders seeking shelter. One group required Sirona’s medical attention due to their significant injuries. Not only had they run from their pack to avoid the persecution of an unjust Alpha, but they had been attacked by rogues.
Noah told us that she had them in a portion of the pack hospital that has been rebuilt. It wasn’t ideal, since the hospital was still under construction, but it gave her the ability to treat them and keep the family of four together.
Eli and I went to see the two other groups that had arrived, two adult sisters and a young boy and his sister. They had lost their parents after being banished and just happened to find us. Cammy and Summer made sure they had food and rooms in the packhouse.
“We need to build an children’s home.” Amber tells me. “They won't be the only children that come to us without parents. We have the space to keep them on our floor for now, but eventually, we won’t have enough rooms.”
She's right. Orphaned werewolf children are often mistreated in their packs or kicked out if they are considered to have no value to the pack. I will need to speak to Eli about rebuilding part of the packhouse as a place for the orphaned children. to live while we find them homes, or they are adopted.
Once I have checked on the ones staying in the packhouse, ensure that they have everything they need and reassure them that they are welcome, Eli and I head to the hospital.
When we arrive, we see that the parents are in bad shape. They must have been protecting their children, who are mostly unharmed, just some scrapes and bruises. Sirona has them all staying in one room to help keep the children calm. She has set up her own cot in the room next door to make herself available as needed.
“I have the students rotating to help me, but they need 24-hour care at the moment.” Sirona tells us before we go in. “I’m not sure if I can save the father’s leg. The laceration is deep, and he lost a lot of blood before they got here. His wolf is weak and hasn't healed the leg yet. If he doesn’t in the next day or so, I'll have to remove it.”
“The mother has nasty claw marks down her face. It’s likely she will lose an eye. Her wolf is also weak and unable to heal her. I'm doing what I can, but I can only
+15 BONOS do so much.” She says before walking us into the room.. The children look up from where they are sitting next to their parents. “Children, I want you to meet Alpha Eli and Luna Grace.
The children look terrified. Sirona crouches down on her heels, getting at eye level with them. “Do you remember what I told you about the Alpha and Luna of this pack?”
They nod, looking from her to us and back again. I walk up and crouch down beside her. “What are your names?” I ask them. “Alfred and Allie, Luna.” The boy, who is older than his sister, says.
“And how old are you, Alfred and Allie?” I ask.
“I'm seven and my sister is four.” Alfred says.
“We're going to do everything we can to help your parents. You are welcome in our pack.” I assure them.
I stand and Eli and I move to the parents. The father is unconscious, but the mother is looking at us with her one eye open, terrified.
“Alpha. Luna. We didn’t mean...” Her words are muffled, and I can tell it’s hard for her to talk. I immediately put my hand on her arm, noticing her flinch.
“You and your family are welcome here. Our pack is made up of those that have fled other packs or are in need of a safe place. Our pack is named Safe Haven for that reason. Our doctor, Gamma Sirona, will look after you until you are well enough to leave the hospital. Once you are stronger, we will talk about you and your family staying here in our pack.”
Eli steps up to her. “Everything my mate says is the truth. Rest easy, let your wolf heal. Your children are safe here. I give you my word as an Alpha, even though I’m afraid you won't trust it. No harm will come to you or your family while you are in our pack.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 389
I watch a single tear slip down her face before she closes her eyes, and she whispers a muffled thank you. Eli puts a hand on her shoulder. “We'll be back again tomorrow to check on you. Until then, rest and get your strength back.”
When we get back to the packhouse, I stop in the kitchen to check on how things have gone while we were away. I notice several omegas looking at me and looking
away. “Is there something you want to ask me?” I say to the room at large. It's Cammy that responds. “We were wondering, Luna, if you happened to ask if omegas were welcome at the pack gathering.”
“Oh yes. I did, and as I said, everyone is welcome. Luna Angel was quite excited to have more attendees, so you need not worry.” I say and while I expect that to cause them to relax, it doesn’t.
“Is there something else?” I ask.
“Well, it's just, it's just that....” Cammy begins, stammering her response.
“We're all terrified to go to another pack without one of the ranked members there.” Summer finishes for her and I look around to see everyone nodding their heads.
“You're afraid they might mistreat you, or worse, not let you leave?” Eli asks, coming up behind me. Again, everyone nods their heads. I look at Eli before turning back.
“Well, we can’t have that. I guess I'll be accompanying you to the pack gathering next weekend.” The change in their demeanor is instant and their happiness at being able to possibly find their mates finally becomes apparent.
Over the next week, Joel and Peyton, the parents in the hospital recover slowly. Joel ended up losing his leg, but Peyton was able to keep her eye. She'll always have scars on her face, but they will fade. Peyton and her children were able to move to the packhouse by the end of the week. As houses are being completed, we have more rooms available.
Peyton had worked in the kitchens as the person responsible for smoking and curing meat in her previous pack. Eli immediately found out what she needed to set up a smoke house for smoking and curing meat. This way, we can send out pack members to hunt for food more often and we will have a way to store it
1/2 other than filling the freezers.
The news spread that I would be going to Shadow Falls for the mate gathering. and 30 omegas agreed to go, bringing our numbers to 80 for the gathering. Angel was thrilled that we would have more people coming and that I would be joining them. She suggested we take the time to practice boosting our gifts.
Eli stayed behind to continue helping with the rebuilding effort while I led our pack to Shadow Falls. It was my first time in their pack, and I loved it. The falls are beautiful and the view from the top is amazing.
I count our first mate gathering a success as 26 pairs, or 52 wolves found their mates. Fifteen of those wolves are omegas from our pack. Of the remaining eleven, six are warriors and the other five are workers, one is a worker in the garden. She is mated to a warrior in the Canyon Ridge pack and has decided to move their where she and Maddison can begin building a garden for their new pack. Surprisingly, the warriors chose to stay in our pack, having the opportunity to build their own home and create a new life for themselves and their families. Thankfully, their mates agreed.
Not surprisingly, the omegas are reluctant to leave our pack. That was not a problem for most of them, but there were five that are mated to warriors who have achieved some status in their pack and want to stay there. In addition, most of our pack’s workers are mated to warriors and the same issue applies.
Rik, Cara, Liam, Angel, Eli and I have a meeting and we agree that the newly found mates can spend a week together in each pack before making a final decision.
l insist that the newly mated pairs hear from both Alpha Rik and Alpha Liam that they will not be forced to stay in the pack if they choose not to stay. I also remind them that Eli and I will be going back to Canyon Ridge in a week, and we will bring them back to our pack with us at that time, if they choose to return with us. That settles their concerns, and they agree to spend the first week in their mates packs.
Cooper Author
###Chapter 390
Grace returned from the pack gathering with an additional 16 pack members. Six of those are warriors and the other ten are omegas. Carlos finds a place for the warriors and begins training them, assessing their strengths and weaknesses. It’s an adjustment for them at first, our pack being so young and needing so much work. But eventually, they appreciate being needed and begin to enjoy building a life with their mate literally from the ground up.
Grace easily found places for the omegas, especially as our pack is growing. They were excited to be able to build their own houses and if they have a skill, they have the ability to expand that into a business if they choose.
The ten pack members that went to spend time with their mates chose to stay in those packs. Once they realized that Rik, Cara, Liam and Angel are good leaders, they were more comfortable staying. It helps that they were evenly divided between the packs and therefore have some friendly faces around them.
Over the next month, we continue to build. Once Joel left the hospital, Perry and Sirona were able to get the building finished and Sirona is working on the final touches. She now has two more individuals we acquired through the mate gathering that have requested to learn medicine. She’s got them working to help her build out the rest of the hospital while they are in school.
With the continued housing development, more and more space has opened up in the packhouse, so Perry assigned some members of his team to look over the first-floor rooms, previously assigned to omegas to begin development of a nursery and a children’s home for those children who have lost their parents. In addition, he assigned some members to begin development of the main street. shops, starting with the open-air market.
We quickly realized that 30 egg-laying hens would not be sufficient, so Grace has purchased another 150 hens. She also got a rooster this time and the hens who will produce baby chickens were separated from the egg-laying hens. This way, we can ensure that the rooster only fertilizes the eggs that are meant to develop.
After the first group of mates found each other, we had a ceremony initiating them into our pack along with the new members that came to us for sanctuary. As more and more people come to our borders, Grace and I decided to have a monthly ceremony, at least for now.
Our next trip to Canyon Ridge allowed Grace to really showcase her strengths and that she and Maia could share that power with her Guardian sisters. Their ability to boost each other’s power is getting stronger. Grace is careful not to pull too
much from Cara and Angel, so she doesn’t impact their pregnancies. But I wonder what will happen after they have their babies. It will be interesting to see how her strength impacts her ability to draw on theirs.
Grace and I had been practicing with Maia pushing her power to Louis. And, while we were in Canyon Ridge, I tried to mind link Carlos again. This time, I was able to do it. We then reached out to find the patrols and while they were even farther
away, I was able to reach them.
While we were in Canyon Ridge, Grace checked on our previous pack members. and found them flourishing. She suggested that some of them come to the next mate gathering to share their experiences with those that may find their mates, so they know itis safe to move to another pack if they choose.
Two weeks after that, we again arrived at Canyon Ridge to train. However, baby Lily had other ideas. Cara’s delivery was difficult, and it was good that we were there. Angel was able to provide her healing to both Cara and baby Lily and afterward, Grace had Angel pull from her strength to regain her own.
Grace and I had talked about the strange connection between the fae royalty and the Guardians. But, as it turns out, Aolis recognized Lily as his mate, which explains his odd draw to Cara. He seems too young to recognize his mate, but it’s obviously different for the fae than it is for wolves. Angel explained that Ailduin was mated to a Guardian nearly a century ago, but his mate was taken from him. So, it’s not surprising that Aolis is mated to the daughter of a Guardian.
The sadness that Cara had before having Lily seems to evaporate when she holds her daughter in her arms. I think Rik is just relieved that he didn’t lose his mate or daughter during the delivery. I’m not sure what happened with Aolis, Angel and Liam wouldn't say, but he had some involvement in helping with the delivery process as well. We were with Ailduin when Aolis returned from the hospital. They had a strange mental communication between them, and they left soon afterward.
We're about a month away from the Tournament of the Moon Goddess. I’ve chosen the first 10 individuals who will participate. Grace and I will be involved as the strongest members of the pack. Carlos, even though he doesn’t have a wolf, is very strong and wants to participate. I’m still assessing Amber, but she is showing her strength and is a contender to participate as well. Several other warriors have shown themselves to stand out and are in the top 10, including one of Rik’s previous pack members. He is looking forward to showing up his friends in his previous pack. Noah wanted to participate, but Sirona told him she would need to stay behind to finish the hospital and to be available in case any other people came to ouf pack needing medical attention. So, he will stay behind and run the pack while we are away.
+15 BONOS
Liam and Angel had agreed to have two mate gatherings and the second was scheduled a week before Angel was due to deliver. An additional 25 mate pairs. found each other, and we reshuffled the packs again. Grace and I have agreed to host the next mate gathering after the Tournament of the Moon Goddess. As our pack is coming together, we will be proud to have others come to see what we have accomplished.
As I'm finishing up some pack paperwork and about to go looking for my mate, I get a mind link.
“Alpha. We have some.....creatures at the border. They are asking to see Luna Grace.” Carlos says.
“They specifically asked to see Grace, not me?”
“Yes, Alpha.”
“We'll be right there.”
I turn the corner and see my mate is looking for me. “Did you hear that?”
“Yes. Let’s go see who wants to speak with me.” She says as we take off at a jog to where our visitors are waiting. 
###Chapter 391
As Eli and I head to the border, I have an idea of what this is. Over the past couple of months, both Cara and Angel have had, mostly vampires but other
supernaturals as well, come to pledge their allegiance to the Guardians of the Realm, as they call us. Word of Angel's imprisonment and the Guardian's defeat of the vampires has spread quickly.
However, when we arrive, I instantly understand why Carlos called them‘ creatures’. I have no idea what these little fairy looking supes are. There are five of them and they are flying around with their little wings. They can’t be more than about a foot tall, if that. They are shining and look like they are lit from within. They have strange, flowing gown-like clothes that look like they were made from plant leaves. Their hair and bodies seem almost opaque, and probably would be if not for the bizarre light shining from them.
“Oh, I knew she’d be more beautiful up close.” One of the two males says in a stage whisper, looking at me.
“Oh, and he is so much bigger this close, isn’t he?” The woman next to him says, as if we can’t hear them speaking about me and Eli.
“Have I mentioned how much I like wolves. They're very...wild.” The other male. says reverently.
I can’t tell if they are speaking to each other, or if they are speaking out loud to themselves. Their voices remind me of a human movie I watched one time where these little people called munchkins lived in Munchkinland. Their voices were higher pitched than a human and these little creatures sound very similar.
Eli and I step up next to Carlos. “Hello, I’m Alpha Eli and this is my mate, Luna Grace. You've already met my Beta, Carlos.” Eli introduces us.
“Sir Alpha Eli.” One of the males says and gives quite a grand bow for someone with wings on his back. “My name is Funichio and this is my sister, Fanella. This is Draiden and the twins are Leilani and Lolana.”
“I've seen this one naked, and with what’s hanging between his legs, he’s no Beta.” One of the twins says in another stage whisper that everyone hears.
“Definitely an Alpha.” Her twin responds as they look Carlos up and down like they are seeing him without the clothes he’s wearing.
“Lady Luna Grace. It is an honor to meet you.” Funichio says to me. I’m about to respond when the twins continue their loud discussion of Carlos..
“And the way he makes Lady Beta Amber siiiiiiiing,” she says, in a trilling bird sound, “like songbird when he takes her in the pond...”
“Or when he does that thing...” “Enough!” Carlos says sternly, attempting to end the discussion of his sexual escapades with his mate.
“Oh, do you think that was his Alpha aura? It made me tremble.” The twins continue, their voice enraptured, completely disregarding Carlos’s discomfort at the situation.
“I do. It makes me want to agree with Sir Beta Carlos as loudly and frequently as Lady Beta Amber does.” Carlos drops his head, looking at the ground, his jaw clenched. I’m not sure if he wants to strangle them or laugh at them.
“Funichio, Fanella. Did you have something you wanted to speak to me about?” I ask, trying to get this shitshow under control. I can see Eli is about to burst out laughing and the wolves that were patrolling are moving closer, intrigued by these little ones.
“Oh yes. We are the Woodland Sprites of your surrounding woodland. King Ailduin has instructed all of us under his reign to come to a Guardian and pledge our allegiance.”
“Our undying loyalty.” “Our absolute fealty.”
It's hard to keep up with them. It’s almost as if they have one mind working in multiple bodies, completing each other’s sentences.
“Sprites?” Eli asks.
“Yes, Woodland Sprites to be exact. There are other kinds, water sprites, forest sprites...” “Well, that’s what we are isn’t it, forest sprites?” Draiden says
“Yes, except we call ourselves the Woodland Sprites, so we’re better.” Funichio. insists.
“So, you follow King Ailduin’s rule?” I ask, again trying to gain some control of this conversation. “Yes.” Fanella says. She hasn’t stopped eyeing Eli like he’s a feast and she’s starving-
+15 BONOS
“I thought King Ailduin was over the elves.” Eli says, frowning.
“Oh, he’s over all the fae- dwarves, fairies, the good kind; faeries, the bad kind; pixies.”
“Goblins, elves, leprechauns...”
“All of those exist?” Carlos asks.
“Oh yes.” Replies Funichio, flitting closer to me. While Fanella is staring at Eli, Funichio has been staring at me.
“You wolves are so big...”
“Soooo big.”
“So. Very. Big.” The twins chime in looking at our pack members still in wolf form.
“Yes, you are so big, and we are so very small, that you don’t see us unless we want you to.” Fanella answers Carlos. “Like now.”
“Or we hide so you don’t run us over.”
“Look at that one over there.” One twin points to Alexander who has walked up beside me in his wolf form.
“He could run over us any time he wants.” Alexander is a flirty wolf and I see the wolf equivalent of a smirk as the twins flit closer to him, openly eyeing him.
###Chapter 392
“Look at his fur.”
“It looks so soft,”
“He smells like the forest.”
“I wonder if he tastes like the forest.” The twins continue their assessment of Alexander while he sits and stares back at them, enjoying the attention.
“I bet he’s warm.”
“So warm.” They flit close enough that Alexander reaches out and licks one of them from toes to hairline. As I watch, she shivers in what I can only describe as ecstasy.
“Oh, sister, I feel.....delicious.”
“What” Her twin exclaims before turning to Alexander.
“Lick me! Lick me!”
And he does, this time going a bit slower. Her body has the same type of shivering convulsions.
“You're so right, sister. It feels...”
“Delicious.” They say in unison, their voices quiet and breathy as if they just had the most incredible orgasm of their lives. “What about you Lady Luna Grace?” Funichio asks me.
“What about me?” I ask, having no idea what he means but not having any intention of being licked.
“Would you mind me sinking my teeth into your fleshy bum?” He licks his lips but rather than being lascivious, it's comical. His eyes have moved to my ass and he’s looking at it like it’s the most tantalizing thing he’s ever seen.
Eli growls in warning, causing Fanella to whimper and shiver in pleasure as Funichio looks at him, his eyes widening.
“If you sink your teeth into me, I think Alpha Eli will sink his teeth into you.” tell him, meaning it as a gentle warning. However, that’s not how he takes it.
“Oh, do you think so?” Now he’s licking his lips looking at Eli. I bite down har on the inside of my cheek to keep from laughing out loud. Funichio leans into m
as if he’s going to whisper, but it’s the same loud whisper that children do when they don’t realize how loud they are being. “Because I swing both ways. I'd be
happy to have Sir Alpha Eli sink his teeth into me.
I'm not sure which is funnier, the look of utter adulation on Funichio’s face or the absolute horror on Eli’s. Now, it’s Carlos’s turn to laugh.
“Will he let us touch him?” The twins ask me, looking at Alexander.
I turn and look at him. “They can touch me.” He tells me in the mind link.
“Yes.” I say and before I can say any more, they have flown to him, running their fingers over the fur on his face. “So soft.”
“So warm.” They say before burrowing into his fur.
Amoment later, I watch as his face changes abruptly and his body jerks, a growl leaving his lips. “Did you just fucking shoot your load in front of everyone?” Eli snarls at him, his nostrils flaring. Through the mind link, Alexander is stuttering. “I....1 didn’t....l mean...”
“It's not his fault.” One of the twins says, coming out of his fur.
“We wanted to return the favor.” The other ones says, joining her sister.
“Maybe he'll want to lick us again.”
“Soon!”
“Yes, very soon.”
I can tell Eli is about out of patience with these crazy sprites. So, I try once more to redirect the conversation away from their infatuation with our species.
“So, you live in the forest?” I ask.
“Yes, we watch.
“And listen.”
“We want to be friends with the wolves.” “But we are afraid of them.”
“You do not need to be afraid of us. We are friends with King Ailduin, and we mean you no harm. But I will warn you, you must respect the mate bond of the wolves. No playing with wolves that are mated.”
#15 BONOS
‘We would never!”
“We respect the bonds of love.”
“We want the love of a wolf.” One twin says sadly.
“One that wants us to be theirs, forever.” The other twin says. Oh boy, I hope Alexander knows what he’s gotten himself into with these two.
“Have you seen any other supernatural creatures?” Eli asks. “Yes. Vampires.” “Nasty creatures.”
“Blood suckers.”
“Parasites.”
“But they don’t bother us, no they don't.”
“Our lifeline is made of something other than blood.”
I'm starting to get a headache with the constant shifting of conversation from one sprite to another. “Any others?” Carlos asks.
“Some nasty humans, but your wolves have scared them off.
Fanella is nodding. “Hunters.”
“Yes, with bows and arrows and knives.”
“Nasty creatures.”
“Murderers.”
“Would you be willing to warn us if you see hunters in your forest again?” I ask them.
“We would be honored to guard the territory of the Guardian and her wolves.” Funichio says to me, very seriously. That’s not exactly what I was asking, but it'll do, for now.
“Is there anything we can do to return the favor?” I ask, afraid I already know the answer.
“Oh, we’d love it if we could spend time with your wolves.” He says, and yep, that’s what I was afraid of.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 393
Fucking woodland sprites. I've never met a sprite before, and I could have gone my entire life without that shitshow. Of course, now, Grace has offered to let them spend time with our wolves. I'll have to order the patrols to stay on their watch and not go off having literal quickies with these damn creatures!
“Do you think there’s any possibility that wolves could be mated to sprites?” Grace asks me as we head back to the packhouse. Alexander had shifted, much to the delight of the sprite twins, and asked if they wanted to meet him at the pond. when he got off duty. I’m surprised they were able to answer through all their drool.
“I have no idea. I would never have guessed that a 10-year old fae prince would be mated to a Guardian’s daughter, so what do I know?” I say, still feeling grumpy about this whole mess.
Grace takes me hand and pulls me to a stop. She runs her fingers over my temples and into my hair. “Let it go, my love. They aren’t a danger. It’s just like being in a room with a bunch of two-year-olds. It’s exhausting and tries your patience, but there’s no harm in it.”
I close my eyes and let the tingles from her touch move across my head, soothing the headache that was threatening to burst my head in two. I lean my forehead down, touching hers before pulling her hips against mine. “Thank you, baby.”
“So, Alpha.” My eyes shoot open, darkening with her words. “Want to see if you can make my body shiver like the sprites did with just one lick?”
I burst out laughing. “Baby, when I lick you, I will take my time. I want to enjoy every bit of your cherry taste.” I say, rubbing my nose against hers before moving to her ear. “But rest assured little Alpha, your body will be quivering on my tongue before I’m through.” I whisper and I’m rewarded with goosebumps rising on her skin and a little shiver of anticipation running down her spine.
Grace and I joined warrior and tournament training. I had narrowed down the final contestants to 20, so I still needed to cut half of them before the end of the week. Every one of these individuals wanted a spot and they were all fighting hard to get it. Carlos and I were sparring with them daily, assessing their strengths and weaknesses. Today, since Carlos was out running patrols, I was going to have them go up against Grace.
While it was important to have them train and work for their position in the tournament, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t enjoy watching my mate take down
+15 BONOS
every one of the remaining warriors. She is every bit an Alpha female, strong, lithe, fast. Our mate is sexy as hell.‘ Louis purrs in my head.
That she is. Look how easily she took down that warrior. She didn’t even break a sweat.”
We watch as she goes through them one by one. There are a couple of standouts. Some that lasted more than a 30 seconds against our mate. They are now on the definite list and a few that didn’t even last 10 seconds that were taken out of the running. At the end of training, I’m down to 15 contestants and 8 spots.
We head to dinner in the dining hall. It's been upgraded and Jeremy has slowly been making longer, more elaborate tables for the dining room. He’s doing a great job and it’s adding to the overall feeling that our pack is the real thing.
While we're eating, Joel, the one who lost his leg, comes up to me. “Alpha, might I have a word.” “Of course, Joel. Did you want to join us or is this a private matter?”
He turns, looking
welcome to his family, his mate nodding her head at him. “Your family is
welcome to join us as well, Joel.” Grace tells him.
He looks unsure but turns and nods for them to join him. While Grace and Amber engage the children, I turn my attention to Joel and Peyton. “What did you need to speak to me about?”
“Well, Alpha, my wife mentioned that when you heard she knew how to smoke and cure meat, you had a smokehouse built for her, knowing it would be beneficial for the pack.”
I look between them. “That's right. Is there a problem with the smokehouse?” I ask, unsure where this conversation is going. “Oh no, it’s perfect. It’s just, well, if we’re going to stay in this pack, and we'd like to, I’d like to contribute as well.”
“What did you have in mind?”
He looks at his mate before turning back to me. “Hot sauce.”
I blink at him. “Come again?”
“In my old pack, I made hot sauce. It was well received not only by the local packs, but we were able to sell and distribute it to the humans. We already have the garden and all it would take is to plant the hot peppers. I would need an area to process them because it can become overwhelming when you are cooking
+15 BONOS
down the peppers, but I think we could bring in some good income for the pack for very little money up front.” “And you did this before? You know how to make it?”
“He was the best, Alpha. Everyone said so.”
“I think it’s a great idea, even if we only end up using it in the packs. But, let me ask you, if you were so valuable to your previous Alpha, why did you run?”
Joel and Peyton look at each other again. “He was taxing us so much that there was no money left after I paid for the materials. He was making thousands of dollars a month and I could barely feed my family.”
“We don’t think you are that way, Alpha. And we're happy to pay a portion of our income to the pack, as is the way of things, but we want to be able to live off the work we do.”
“Of course. You do bring up a good point for me to consider in the future. How to properly tax the workers on their income to pay for the pack. I'll have to consider that.” I say, thinking I will also consult with Liam and Rik to see what they do in their packs.
I look back at Joel. “What do you need to get started?”
“Pepper plants,”
“Easy enough.”
We finish our dinner and while Grace goes to check on the kitchens, I go outside to check on the patrols. I’m not happy to hear that hunters have been scouting. around in the neighboring woods.
As I prepare to shift, I see a very disheveled Alexander walking toward me, stumbling slightly as if he’s drunk. I rush over to him. “Alexander! Are you
alright? What happened to you?” His hair is in disarray, his clothes are rumpled, and he has smudges on his face.
He reaches out, grabbing hold of me, looking me in the eye. “Alpha! I think I’m in love!” He tells me before stumbling away. Fucking sprites.
BONOS,
###Chapter 394
Acouple of days after we met the woodland sprites, we got word that Angel had her baby. A beautiful, healthy baby boy that they named after her father and Clint, who had acted like a second father to her.
Eli had me spar with the tournament contestants until he made his final cuts. We ended up with two that had moved from Rik’s pack, two from Liam’s pack and the other 16 were from our pack. Eli had begun preparations for us to be gone for nearly a week. The tournament lasts four days, plus it would take us a day to travel each way and then there was a ceremony at the end announcing the top five packs.
Eli had been in communication with Rik and Liam. Our packs would be on-call to help each other. Rik and Liam were both leaving their Gammas in charge. We had not assigned a Lead Warrior, but Rik was bringing Trevor and Liam was bringing his new Lead Warrior.
The tournament would start on day one with warriors. Day two would be for Lead Warriors and Gammas, day three was for Betas and day four would be for Alphas and Guardians. The tournament would be single elimination each day with the final two battling it out at the end of the day. Every day, the winners are ranked and given points and at the end, the points for each pack are added up and that is how the final ranking for the packs is decided. Additional points can be given for things like continuing a fight after being injured, taking out your opponent with one hit, things like that. We would not have anyone to battle on day two, but being our first entry into this competition, it was not expected that we would score high enough to be in the top five. Eli and I both wanted to be in the top three, knowing Rik and Liam’s packs would be there as well. As a Guardian, I felt like I needed to make a good showing and prove the strength of our pack.
As the time drew closer, I became more anxious about seeing my father. I wasn’t sure how I would react to seeing him again, or how he would react to seeing me. all grown up. I wonder if his new mate knows about me and my mother. Maybe he won't show up this year. I can hope.
I'm talking with Joel about his new pepper plants when I see two lights streaking across the pack lands headed to the packhouse. “Luna, two sprites just rushed past our patrols.” I get a mind link from the patrol leader.
“I've got them.” I tell them and rush to see what's going on. As I get closer, I hear them yelling for Alexander. It’s the twins. I run to intercept them and when they see me, the rush to me. “Lady Luna Grace!
Lady Luna Grace!”
“Hunters.”
“In the forest.”
“They got Tula.”
Alexander comes running out of the packhouse. He’s been meeting up with the twins every day.
“Alexander!” They exclaim in unison, rushing to him and burying themselves. into his neck. He reaches up, holding them close to him.
“What is it girls? Tell me what’s wrong.”
“Hunters. They are coming.”
“They got Tula. They grabbed her.”
“And shook her.”
“And pulled off one of her wings.”
“Then threw her in a cage.”
Alexander looks at me. “They may be strange, but they don’t lie Luna. If they say there are hunters in the forest, they are there.” I lift my head and howl for the pack to prepare for battle before turning to Alexander. “Get them into the bunker.”
I turn, jumping and shifting mid-air. As I start to run toward the forest, I hear Alexander trying to calm the twins, letting them know they will be safe.
I can hear warriors running from all different directions, following my lead as we head to our borders. When we get there, there are ninety-three sprites flitting around our border. I shift, finding Funichio.
“Funichio, what is everyone doing here?”
“Lady Luna Grace. There are hunters. We sent Leilani and Lolana, hoping you wouldn’t hurt them. We didn’t know if we were allowed to come onto your lands.”
I look around as Louis runs up, stopping beside me. “Do you need a place to hide? Safety?”
He breathes a sigh of relief. “Yes Lady Luna. The hunters have captured several of our kind. They are hurting them and putting them in cages.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 395
I raise my voice. “All sprites are welcome to take refuge on our land. I am the Guardian of the Realm. I and my pack will protect you. Get to the packhouse, find someone to show you to a bunker. Go now!” I command and as one, the nearly 100 sprites race past our borders, headed to the packhouse.
Alexander’s wolf, Fynn, runs up, joining us. I turn to him. “Who is Tula?” “Their friend, Luna. Another sprite.” He mind links me.
“Okay, we have sprites that have been taken prisoner. Some are injured and they are in cages. Alexander, Thomas, John, you’re on hostage rescue. Find them and get them to safety. The rest of you, we're taking the hunters out.”
I jump and shift and Eli and I turn our noses into the air. “I smell nearly 30.” He says to me, testing his use of my Guardian gift. “Thirty-three hunters.” I say through the mind link, opening it to everyone. I can smell the sprites. “Five sprites, separate cages, all are injured. Be careful with them.”
“Split up and circle the hunters.” Eli states and our warriors split off into two groups. There are a couple of others, outside the circle that the pack is creating. Eli and I quietly walk around and quickly take them out without anyone raising the alarm.
We are walking back toward the group of hunters when the alarm goes up. Louis puts his head in the air and howls just as the arrows and bullets start flying. We rush into the fray. I can see Alexander and his team trying to get the cages opened. One sprite, in particular, looks like it might be dead. I can’t worry about that now, so I refocus on the fight.
Louis and Maia begin cleaving through the hunters. We take some hits from arrows laced with wolfsbane and Maia takes a bullet to the shoulder, but it doesn’t stop us. We rip through flesh and bone, tearing out throats, hearts and
innards.
I see a hunter taking aim at Alexander as he’s working to help one of the sprites. out of the cage. Maia grabs his arm, ripping it from his shoulder with an audible pop as the joint dislocates. The hunter screams, grabbing his shoulder, but the blood is gushing from his arm. I feel Louis behind us, and I turn as he grabs a hold of another hunter’s wrist with his teeth. The hunter had a knife and was
about to stab me from behind. Maia bites into his thigh, making sure we puncture the femoral artery before taking a chuck of flesh out of his leg. He drops to the ground, and Louis sinks his teeth into his throat.
I turn around and see that most of the hunters have been killed. Alexander and John have all but the one sprite and are running back to the pack lands. I go over to Thomas's wolf, Connor. He’s whining, nudging the sprite with his nose. I can just barely hear her little fluttering heartbeat. I turn to make sure there are no hunters around before shifting. I reach my hand in to the cage and realize that she is badly injured. This must be Tula. I can see where her wing has been ripped out of her back. She also feels very cold, and I remember it is something the twins. said about Alexander, that his fur was warm
I place her onto Connor’s back and watch as she nestles into him. “She’s freezing cold Luna.” Thomas mind links me. “Go slowly, don’t let her fall. Take her directly to Sirona.” I tell him and he takes off at a slow, careful jog.
Eli comes up behind me. “Is that one alive?”
“Barely, I'll check on her when we're back. Are they all dead?” I ask, turning to look at the carnage.
“Yes, and you're injured.” He says, looking at my shoulder.
I look at it, realizing that he’s right. I had forgotten about the bullet in my shoulder. “Bullet.”
He nods. “It needs to come out. Do you want me to do it, or wait until we are back?”
“Let's check our pack and we need to dispose of these hunters before more come looking for them. My shoulder can wait. Cooper
Author
Poor Tut hope she makes it
###Chapter 396
I call for help and more pack members come to assist with the injured. Several of our wolves are unconscious and many are not healing because of bullet wounds. Only one looks to have been injured severely and I send him back to the pack first. I’m worried about Grace, but she seems unperturbed by the bullet in her shoulder. However, I'll feel better once it’s out. I know we were both hit by wolfsbane arrows, but other than the injury taking a bit longer than normal to heal, I’m not feeling the effects of the poison. I’m beginning to truly understand Rik and Liam’s excitement when they talk about the gifts of being mated toa Guardian. I’m stronger and my body heals faster. After a battle like this, I should be feeling exhausted and sore, but I don’t. I almost feel rejuvenated.
When we get back to the pack, we head straight to the pack hospital. When we arrive it's chaos, and not just because it’s full of wolves needing medical assistance. Connor, Thomas’s wolf is standing, guarding....something, snarling at everyone who comes near. Grace rushes up and I can hear Sirona trying to persuade Connor to let her pass.
“What's going on?” I ask, coming up behind Grace. Connor stops growling, but he doesn’t move.
“Thomas brought in one of the sprites who is badly injured. She needs medical assistance, but she became terrified when I approached her. Thomas shifted and Connor has been guarding her, not letting anyone come near her.
As I look, I can see that the little sprite is the one that was clinging to life. Connor has put himself close enough that his tail is touching her, and it looks like she is holding it in her hand.
“Connor, stand down.” Louis commands him. He whines, fighting my Alpha command. Grace steps forward, taking Connor’s face in her hands.
“Connor. You know I won’t hurt her. Let me pass.” He whines again, but his body relaxes, and he lets Grace move to the sprite. I can see the sprite twins standing off to the side, watching and holding each other in concern.
Grace walks up to the little sprite. She’s the smallest one I’ve seen so far. I’m not. sure if she’s considered a child, or if she’s just small. Connor turns to stand next to Grace as if he’s ready to step in if she hurts the sprite.
“Your name is Tula, right?” Grace says, gently reaching out and stroking the girl's face with her finger. She sniffs and looks up at Grace. “Yes.” She says quietly.
“I know you were hurt, but my Gamma, Lady Gamma Sirona, needs to look at you so she can help you heal.” Grace says, using the terms that the sprites use when they address us.
“She can't fix me” She says, so quietly I almost can’t hear her. “They pulled my wing off.” She says and I can see a tear falling down her face. The other sprites we’ve seen shine brightly, but this one almost seems like her light is dying out. I wonder if that’s how they die. Their light goes out.
Itum and walk to the nearest office. I pick up the phone and dial a number I’ve never used “Hello” 1 deep voice answers.
“This is Alpha Eli. I need to speak to King Ailduin. It’s a matter of life and death.” The phone is silent so long, I’m not sure they hung up on me or not. As I’m about to hang up, a voice I recognize comes on the line.
“Alpha Eli?”
Aolis?
“Yes. My father could not come to the phone, but our warrior said this is a matter of life and death.” “Yes. My pack was attacked by hunters today.” I tell him, wanting to quickly get to the point.
“Is Lily okay? Was she injured?” He immediately asks.
No, they weren't here at the time of the attack.” I hear an audible sigh.
of 1
“However, one of the woodland sprites was injured badly. One wings was pulled off and her light, it’s dim. I think she’s dying.” “We're too far away to help. Do you know if she has a mate?”
“I don’t know, but no one has come forward.”
He sighs. “Then, there may be nothing you can do. Only a mate can help heal an injury like that.”
###Chapter 397
Chapter 0397 “What do you mean?”
“Sprites are gentle, fragile creatures. When their bodies are injured so horribly, they lose faith in the goodness of life and give up any desire to live. When that happens, their light goes out. Unless they have someone who can help them to feel love and happiness again, they will not survive such a wound.”
Athought is taking shape in my mind. “What about a wolf? Can sprites mate with wolves?”
“In the recent past, they haven’t because wolves have become so aggressive and with the rift between the fae and werewolves, there wasn’t opportunity for mating to occur. But centuries ago, the fae and wolves mated frequently.”
“How would they mate? If she’s injured, he can’t bite her like we normally would.” “He would need to lick her.” Oh goddess. Alexander mated those twins and doesn’t even know it.
“Once she is strong enough, he can bite her like you wolves do, if she is agreeable. But in the state you mention, he would lick the injury, letting her know that he doesn’t care that she’s missing a wing, letting her know that he loves her no matter what has happened to her.”
“Thank you Aolis.” “Please let me know if we lose one of our gentle souls.” “I will.” I tell him before turning to go back.
When I arrive, I see Grace has convinced Connor to let Sirona approach Tula. He’s still standing right next to her, nudging her gently with his nose.
“Thomas. I need to speak to you. Privately.” I tell him through the mind link. Connor lifts his head and looks at me. “Can't it wait, Alpha?” “I may have a way to save her. But I need you to understand the consequences before you do something drastic.”
Connor let’s Thomas shift. Thomas leans down, gently caressing the sprite’s face. “I’ll be right back. You hold on. I won’t be more than a minute.” He tells her before gently kissing her head and standing to come to me.
We walk back to the office, and I turn to look at him. “I spoke to Aolis and there is a possible way to save her.”
“Then what are we waiting for, let's do it.”
“It requires becoming her mate.” I say and look at him meaningfully.
He turns, looking in the direction that we left Tula. “Her mate?”
“Yes. Apparently in the past, fae and wolves were mated fairly frequently, but it. hasn’t happened in nearly a century.” Except with Alexander, but no one except me knows that yet.
“Connor seems protective of her. I wasn’t sure if that meant he was willing to accept her as a mate. But that is her only option for survival. Her mate would have to lick her where she lost her wing, indicating that he accepts her in her injured and battered state. If what Aolis says is accurate, that will help her feel love and that there is a reason to live, and she will begin to heal.”
“Her light will come back?”
“That's what he said.”
“He also said that they are gentle, fragile creatures, so you would be mating yourself to someone that would need your protection for the rest of your life. He also said that once she’s healed, you can mark her like a wolf, if she agrees.”
“Eli.” Grace links me. “If you have something to save her, now is the time. She won't last much longer.”
“I'm afraid you don’t have much time to decide Thomas. Grace says she doesn’t have long.”
“Connor and I want her.” He says, growling and shifting before jogging back to her. When we arrive, her light is so dim it’s nearly gone.
Connor whines, looking at me. “Aolis said to lick her wound.” I hear a gasp from the twins, and they begin twittering about being mated to a wolf.
Connor reaches down and gently licks her back, purring at her. She doesn’t immediately respond, and he whines, continuing to slowly and gently lick her. Finally, she lifts her head. He licks her face, and she gently puts her hands on his face. As her light starts to shine a bit brighter, Connor shifts and Thomas takes. her in his arms.
###Chapter 398
The whole situation between Thomas and Tula was stressful and bizarre. I’m thankful to my mate, who really doesn’t like the sprites, for calling King Ailduin and finding out how to save Tula.
As Thomas leaves, taking Tula with him to his room at the packhouse to recover, I turn to my mate. “Have I told you lately how amazing you are and how lucky I am to be mated to you?” I tell him, meaning every word.
He pulls me to him. “I love you too, but you aren’t going to be feeling lucky when I tell you that I want that damn bullet out of your shoulder now and I don’t want any more interruptions.”
I chuckle. “Nope, still feeling lucky.” I say, turning to see if any of the medical students are free. While we were dealing with Tula, they have been running around helping the pack members that were injured.
“I can get that out.” Sirona says, escorting us to a room. I sit while she gets her scalpel and forceps. As she’s working Carlos comes in. “We have 15 wolves that were injured, twelve will be released tonight. Three will need to stay overnight. due to the silver in their system.” He says this as he watches Sirona remove the silv
bullet from my shoulder.
He frowns. “How?” He asks, wondering how I’m not affected by the silver. In truth, the longer it was in there, the more I was feeling the pain of the injury. Now that it's out, I should heal pretty quickly and the fatigue I was feeling from the wolfsbane should burn off.
“Gifts of being a Guardian.” I say, getting used to the phrase from all the time I spend with my Guardian sisters and their mates. “How are the other sprites?” I ask.
“They will heal, their injuries were much less severe, and they have been chatting happily about riding on a wolf. The ones in the bunkers apparently kept the pups. entertained as well.”
“We'll need to speak to them and let them know that they can always come here when they are afraid. I know they said they would guard our lands, but really, it's us that needs to protect them. They don’t seem like they will ever be fighters, but they are good monitors of the forest.”
I can see that my mate is accepting that this is our new life. And hey, apparently sprites and werewolves can be mates and it used to be common. I think I'll invite
the sprites to our mate gathering when we have it here. It does make sense. Wolves are dominant animals by nature, only becoming submissive based on the hierarchy of the pack structure. Sprites don’t seem to have a dominant bone in their body, and they seem to appreciate the protective and possessive nature of wolves, where other supernaturals might find it smothering or cause battles for dominance in the relationship.
That line of thinking makes me consider my relationship with Eli. We're both Alphas, no matter what he says about being born a Beta. We both have a natural need to lead and dominate. Somehow, we make it work. Neither of us is so dominant that it causes friction in our relationship and both of us have submitted to the other. When I take charge, he lets me and vice versa. Maybe it’s more about trust. I trust that he will do what is right and best for us and the pack and he feels the same.
“What is that look?” He says, coming over to me and pulling my hips against him, wrapping an arm around my waist. From the corner of my eye, I see Sirona and Carlos quietly leave the room.
“I was thinking how well we fit together. How perfect you are for me. You always let me take charge when I feel the need and never try to assert your dominance over me. I was thinking that, for two Alphas, we do a pretty good job of not fighting each other to be the leader of the pack.”
“You and I agree on nearly everything, except maybe the sprites. Our goals are the same and we work well together. The Moon Goddess got it right when she sent me to find you. I would never have guessed that this would be my life or that in such a short time, my mate and I could have built something so incredible together.”
I reach up and kiss him, showing him how much I love and appreciate him through the kiss. He wraps his hand around the back of my neck, deepening the kiss, sliding his tongue into my mouth. Our tongues play together, but I let him dominate the kiss, wanting him to show me how much he needs me.
As my arousal begins to perfume the air, I feel the low rumbling growl in his chest. “Little Alpha, if we don’t stop now, I’m going to take you over this hospital bed.”
I slide my nose across his cheek to his ear. “Do it.” I whisper.
In an instant, he has turned me around, bending me over the bed. One hand holding me down while the other slides the t-shirt I hastily put on after our battle up and over my head. As he holds me in place, his hand slides slowly down my back. I turn my head to look at him over my shoulder and watch as his eyes blaze a trail that follows his hand.
+15 BONOS
l arch my back, presenting myself to him, wanting to feel him. His eyes snap to mine as his fingers slide between my butt cheeks, before finding my slick opening. “So ready for me.”
“Yes.” I whisper, breathily.
“Are you going to be able to stay quiet, Little Alpha?”
I nod my head.
“Let's test that.” He says, as he slides two fingers inside me, making me whimper.
As I watch, his eyes return to where his fingers are sliding in and out of me. beautiful. And all mine.” The last he says on a growl, making my body clench around his fingers.
I realize I’m not going to be able to stay quiet enough with a hospital full of shifters on the other side of the door, so I grab the t- shirt that is laying beside my head, pulling to my mouth to muffle
mans.
I begin rocking my hips, wanting him to go faster. He knows what I want, what I need, and he gives it to me. His eyes flashing to mine as he pushes me over the edge. My body jerks with the orgasm but before I can completely come down, het removes his fingers, pulls down his shorts and slides his long, hard length inside.
1. me.
“Remember baby, no one hears you but me.” He says, before taking my hips in both his hands and thrusting himself hard and deep inside me. He maintains a brutal pace and I grab hold of the bed, holding tight as he takes me over the edge again and again until I'm whimpering mess.
“Mine!” He snarls as he makes his final thrust, sinking his canines into my neck, pushing me over precipice once more as he empties himself inside me.
We're both panting as he removes his canines from my neck, licking the wound closed, his body covering mine. “Yes, I am yours, my love. And you are mine.” I reply, blissfully.
+15 BONOS 
###Chapter 399
When Grace and I return to the packhouse, I have to admit that the sprites are overwhelmingly appreciative of our assistance. Grace lets them know that they are always welcome, but especially if they are frightened or need assistance.
Before they head back to the forest, I ask Funichio to continue to keep a lookout for hunters and alert us right away if they see any. He agrees happily, before flitting off to join his group. I notice the twins flitting around the back of the packhouse, until I see Alexander come down and join them before heading out into the forest. I'll need to have a conversation with him soon about his involvement with the sprites. He needs to understand what he’s done and what it means to the twins. Sprites may not be my favorite creatures, but I’m still an Alpha and my job is protect those that need protection. The sprites are annoying, irritating creatures, but they are fragile.
“Carlos, Noah, meet me in my office.” Now that our pack is settling, my office space and furniture has improved. Jeremy has opened his own store front and is swamped with requests for furniture. He has been able to hire three staff and he’s still working non-stop.
When they arrive, we sit around the new table, in the chairs that now have cushions. “We need to get some intel on these hunters. This is twice that they've come into or near our territory. What do we know about them?”
I'm concerned that we'll be leaving in a week to go to the tournament with hunters in the area. I don want to leave the pack vulnerable, and not just our pack, but Rik’s and Liam’s as well.
“Not much.” Carlos says. “I’ve been trying to get any intel I can, but they are difficult to find and because we don’t live among the humans, it’s hard to know how many there are. However, I have been hearing whispers that they are planning something big.”
“I heard that they have taken some werewolves hostage. They must have a place where they are either torturing them or experimenting on them, or both.” Noah
says.
“Keep trying to get information. I'll reach out to Rik and Liam to see if they’ve heard anything. Liam’s company is in the human city nearby, he may have some information.” Although I doubt that. If he did, he would have shared it.
After informing Rik and Liam of our battle with the hunters and finding out that they don’t know any more than we do, I ask them about the taxes that they put
on their pack members.
“I do twenty percent.” Rik says. “I have a lot of businesses on the pack lands, and they pay me once a month. But I use that money to pay for large gatherings, food in the packhouse, raising orphans, general improvements, etc. It almost all goes back into the pack. Obviously, as the Alpha, I benefit from the income, but I don’t overstep, and I keep myself and my ranked members from spending extravagantly.”
“I'm a little different.” Liam says. “Most of my income comes through the business. Because it’s in a human town and incorporated with humans, I and all the employees pay taxes. So, I only tax them an additional ten percent above what they already have to pay. However, my business is extremely large so the income, while smaller, is still substantial. And I, like Rik, refuse to use that money for my own extravagance.”
We finish our discussion talking about our travel plans for the tournament. Like us, they are driving and plan to leave a day before the tournament begins. We develop a plan to have the packs provide support and back up for each other while all of us are away and then I say my goodbyes.
Later that day, I find Alexander and I let him know about my conversation with Aolis. I tell him he needs to make a decision about the sprite twins. He either needs to take them as his mates or he needs to let them go. He’s not as overwhelmed by the to
Conversation as I would have expected which leads me believe that his wolf may be willing to accept those two as his mates. And appears that he would have to take them both. They seem to be a package deal. It’s not common among wolves to have more than one mate, but it has been known to happen in the instances of identical twins.
yes,
it
As the week progresses, I finalize the building plans with Perry to continue while. I’m away. I let him know that Noah is able to make any financial decision necessary in my absence. I also give him a head’s up about the hunters and the sprites. Some wolves have chosen to build their homes closer to the pack border and the forest, so it’s likely that they will come into contact with the sprites. I tell him to contact Alexander if they become a nuisance.
+ 
###Chapter 400
Acouple of days before we leave, I see Thomas with a little Tula tucked up against his neck as they come into the dining hall. It's the first time he’s been out of his room since the hunters came. Tula is shining brightly again and appears to have recovered, although I’m not sure her wing will ever regrow.
“Thomas, you and Tula should join us.” Grace says, indicating that they should come to eat with us. I see Thomas turn and speak quietly to Tula, who nods before joining us.
“How are you doing, Tula?” Grace asks her as they sit. Thomas shifts her to sit on his shoulder like a bird, except she’s sitting rather than standing. The top of her head doesn’t even come to the top of his, she’s so tiny.
‘lm much better Lady Luna Grace. Thomas has been wonderful.” She says and snuggles up against his cheek. He gently turns his head and kisses her before turning back, his demeaner going tense.
“Alpha Eli, Luna Grace, since Tula is my mate, we wanted to make sure that it is okay for her to remain in the pack.” know my brows furrow at his question. “Why wouldn't it be?” I ask.
Thomas looks between me and Grace. Now it’s his brows that furrow. “Because she’s not a wolf.” He says as if this is obvious and answers my question.
“And?” I ask.
It's Grace that answers, looking at Tula. “I am the Guardian of the Realm, am I not?” “Yes, Lady Luna Grace.”
“What kind of Guardian would I be if I excluded those that I protect?”
Tula smiles and Thomas noticeably relaxes.
“Do you want to stay here and live with us, Tula? I was under the impression that sprites are afraid of us.” I ask, wanting to make sure that this is what she wants
too.
She looks at Thomas, nuzzling her face against his cheek. “Thomas said we would take it slowly, like tonight, coming to eat. He’s told me that wolves like to be around others and that it’s important to him, so he is going to help me be around his friends.”
+15 BONOS
“I think that’s a wonderful idea.”
Thomas stands to go join his friends. “Oh and Luna, Tula and all sprites are vegetarian. Will that be a problem?” “No, just let Cammy know, but I can’t imagine that she eats so much that it will. make a difference.”
Later that night as we’re getting ready for bed, I feel Grace’s tension through the bond. I walk up behind her, wrapping my arms around her, kissing her shoulder. “What is it, baby? You’re a nervous wreck and that’s not like you.”
She takes a deep breath, leaning back against me. “We'll be leaving day after tomorrow. I might see my father in just a couple of days. The closer it gets the more terrified I get.”
I turn her to face me, keeping my arm wrapped around her.
“Tell me what you are afraid of. He cannot hurt you. You know you are stronger than he is and I won't let him touch you. What is your fear?”
I can see tears in her eyes, and her lips begin to tremble. “What if he makes me feel like that scared, unworthy girl again?”
I take her face in my hands. “You, my love, are Grace Gunnar. Guardian of the Realm, the strongest of the Guardians, Luna of the Safe Haven Pack, an Alpha female and my mate. There is nothing weak or unworthy about you. HE is the one that was unworthy to be your father, unworthy of being an Alpha. And you are no longer a little girl, but a brave, fierce and powerful woman.” I tell her, pulling her against my chest.
“Honestly, I’m hoping you do run into him.” I tell her and she pulls away, looking at me. “Why?”
“Because I want him to see what his arrogance and twisted Alpha thinking lost him and his pack. Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad he never knew what you were. I’m sure he would have forced you into some mate bond to keep you in his pack and strengthen it. But, instead, he banished you. Gave up on you and forgot about you and your mother. And look what he lost. He lost the most amazing woman I’ve ever met in my life.” 
###Chapter 401
On the day we are to leave for the tournament, we pack up our four SUVs. Eli and I had pooled our money but could only afford one for the pack. The other three we rented in the city.
Our destination would take us about twelve hours to arrive, without taking stops into consideration. We were going to a place in northern Kansas. The council had gotten the state to close a state park for our arrival. This way, we wouldn't risk running into humans. With the large numbers of werewolves coming into the territory, the state was paid well to shut down their tourist spot. The location was chosen, I was told, because it’s in the middle of the country.
Our day is long and boring. Eli and I practice using our gifts of mind linking our pack but the further away we get, the harder it is. We link farther than expected, equally annoying different members of the pack as we test our reach. Eventually, we are no longer able to reach them.
When we finally arrive, it is early evening. We check in, and I see that they are expecting all 298 packs in the country to show. That means my father will be here.
I hadn’t considered what it would be like to have all the packs in attendance, and not all of them. are large enough or strong enough to bring 20 contestants, but overall, there are nearly 5100 werewolves that will be participating in the battles. That doesn't include the mates or pups that have come along to watch and support their packs. Our pack is bringing Hope, Amber and Carlos’s baby. Cara is bringing Aolis, as ho
wanted to spend time with Baby Lily Liam and Angel. are bringing Richie, and Dustin is bringing his human mate, Sarah. She generously offered to watch over the babies while the packs are battling.
As our group signs in for their fights, it looks like tomorrow will be the longest day. There are just over 3300 warriors that will be battling for points and to win tomorrow’s challenge. From our
pack, there will be 16 warriors. was bo
As we're signing in, Rik, Cara and their pack arrive. I haven’t seen Lily since she and after saying hello, I snag her from Cara. Eli and I had talked about trying for a pup after the tournament and ever since, it’s been on my mind. With my Guardian sisters both having pups of their own in the last couple of months it has brought it to the forefront of my mind.
I look down at Lily in my arms. She is looking back at me and while she has her mother’s curly brown hair, she has her father’s glacier blue eyes. She reaches her little hand up and I give it kisses before she starts fussing.
I look at Cara. “She prefers Rik. She has ever since the day she was born.” She sighs. Rik turns. coming over to rub Lily's head and leave a kiss on her forehead. She immediately calms.
“Wow, that must be frustrating.” I say, watching in awe at Rik’s uncanny ability to soothe his
+15 BONOS
daughter.
Cara laughs. “You'd think so, but it’s great in the middle of the night when she’s fussy. She doesn’t want me, only her daddy.” Rik takes Lily from my arms, holding her against his chest. “Daddy doesn’t mind, does he Princess?”
My heart aches with the sudden desire to have a baby. To feel Eli’s pup growing inside me. I feel tears of longing prick at my eyes before I swallow the lump in my throat and pull myself together. “Where do they have your pack staying?” I ask them, trying to divert the conversation.
“Uh...” Cara pulls the map out and points to where the dot is circled. “Here.”
I pull out our map and compare. “We're close, that’s good. How many warriors do you have battling tomorrow?” “Fourteen tomorrow. I know Angel and Liam have sixteen. How about you?”
“We have sixteen as well. But we don’t have anyone battling on day two. We don’t have a Lead Warrior yet and we left Noah and Sirona in charge of the pack.” I lower my voice. “We've had several individuals coming to us who needed medical attention. I know some of the problem packs and I can’t wait to meet their Alphas. I hope I have all of them in battles.”
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 402
Chapter 0402 Cara scoffs. “Don’t be greedy. Save some for me and Angel. You know if they are arrogant Alphas it will kill them to lose to a female.” She says and we both smirk at that.
“Lily, your mommy and Aunt Grace are scary. So, take note, that’s exactly how I want you to be when you grow up.” Rik coos to Lily, and we all laugh.
Eli walks over, saying hello to everyone. “Hey, we're close to where Cara and Rik’s pack are going to be staying. I hope Angel and Liam are close by as well.”
Just as I say it, I hear her voice. “Where do you want us?” “Angel!” Cara and I make a beeline for her, pulling her into a group hug. I haven’t seen her since she had Richie.
“Where is that baby?” Cara says as Liam walks up behind her, carrying a car seat in one hand and a huge baby bag thrown over his shoulder.
Angel turns and takes the carrier from Liam. “Cara, Grace, I'd like to introduce you to Richard Clint.”
He’s beautiful. His head is covered in peach fuzz, no real hair yet. He’s sleeping, so I can’t tell what color his eyes are.
Cara and I ohhh and awwww over him and I once again feel my heart ache with my desire to have a baby. Sirona said it might take some time after coming off the birth control I started months. ago, but after today, I'll be quitting those pills.
“Did Alessia go nuts when you could finally shift again?” Cara asks Angel.
“Oh my goddess. I thought she was going to have an orgasm on the spot. She ran around like a fool for hours making Cyran chase her all over the pack lands.”
Liam comes up behind her, kissing the side of her head. “He didn’t mind at all.” Cara is smiling at them. “Kai didn’t mind either. He was so excited to have Artemis back.” “Did you find out where you're staying?” I ask Liam as Rik and Eli join us. Angel immediately grabs Lily from Rik’s arms.
I Liam pulls out the map and shows me where his circled dot is. Cara and I pull out ours and compare. “Looks like Cara and Rik’s pack is in between ours, but it seems like we're all fairly close together. Have you guys been here before?” I ask.
“No, the place changes every time.” Rik says, looking around. “Last time it was in the Rocky Mountains. That was great.” “Looks like everything starts early tomorrow. I think we'd better head to our cabins and get
settled, baby.” Ell says to me.
“Yes, the first day is, by far, the longest. But it’s also where you have a chance to get ahead in points. Even though the warriors don’t have the ability to get as many points per person as the other days, there are more of them, so you can rack them up.”
Liam says, looking very eager to get the battles started. I’m not surprised. His pack has been named the strongest for the last two tournaments, or eight years, ever since Liam was 18.
We say our goodbyes, making plans to meet up for breakfast at 4:30am since the battles start at 6am.
As I turn to head back to the SUV, I see him. He’s walking across the parking lot, heading in a different direction. My father. He’s holding a toddler and laughing with some of my old pack members.
As I stare, he turns and looks me in the eye briefly, before turning away. He didn’t even recognize me.
Cooper Author
###Chapter 403
I wait until we’re alone in the cabin, Grace’s emotions have been all over the place since we arrived. I know some of it is concern for seeing her father, but there was something else that I felt
and didn’t understand.
“Baby, what’s going on? Your emotions have been all over since we got here. It’s not all about your father. It feels like something else.”
She walks up to me, leaning against my chest and my arms immediately go around her. I pick her up and sit on the edge of the bed, putting her in my lap. “Talk to me.”
She’s got her head tucked up under my chin so I can’t see her face. When I hear her sniffling. I lean back, putting my finger under her chin and lifting her face. “Baby?”
“Yes.” She says as if answering my question, her voice quivering as the tears start to fall. Okay. saying ‘yes' to me asking her what's going on doesn’t answer my question. “lm not sure I understand.”
She tucks her head against me again, her hand rubbing the tears from her eyes. I’m rubbing my hand up and down her back, trying to comfort her.
“I want a baby.” I feel like time stands still for a moment. My hand stops its comforting motion on her back. When I feel her tense in my arms, I start my motion again.
“We talked about it before. We said after the tournament. And now, seeing Lily and Richie it feels like my ovaries just dropped a bunch of eggs into my uterus to get fertilized but I’m still on birth control, so it won’t take but, but.” She sniffles, burying her face in my chest again.
“But?” I ask gently. Honestly, I’m thrilled. We've done so much in the pack that I’m not nearly as concerned about bringing a baby into the world. And the thought of my mate’s stomach growing with my pup has me and Louis ready to do cartwheels.
She looks up at me with her beautiful milk chocolate eyes, glistening with her tears. “I want to start trying.”
I lean down and gently kiss her lips. “Okay.”
She pulls back looking at me, hope shining bright in her eyes. “Really?”
I chuckle at her. “There is nothing that I want more than to build a family with you, Grace. I wanted to wait until our pack was in a better place, but I feel like it’s good now. Things will +15 MONO
continue to improve, but yeah, let’s start trying.” I can’t help the smile that spreads across my face. “Want to start right now?” I ask, wagging my eyebrows at her.
She laughs but then her face drops. “There’s something else.”
“I'm listening.” I tell her, but I’m distracted by the idea of putting a pup in my mate.
“I saw my father.” That gets my attention and all thoughts of pup making get pushed aside. “Where? When?”
“When we were walking to our SUV to come to the cabin. He looked right at me.”
I tense. I wanted to make sure she wasn’t alone when she faced her father.
“And?”
“And he didn’t even recognize me.”
I think for a minute. “You were only 12 when he banished you, right?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you're a lot different than you were six years ago, Grace. Not only that, but I’m also sure he’s not expecting to see you here.”
“He was carrying a toddler. I think it’s the child Liam and Rik told me about.” She says quietly.
“That’s very possible, and it’s
possible that his mate will be here. If you plan to confront also very him while we're here, you need to be prepared for that.” I hold her for another couple of minutes.
“Come on. Let's take a shower and get into bed. We have a very early morning and we've had a long day of traveling.” “What about trying?” My sassy mate says as she gets off my lap.
“Who says we can't ‘try’ in the shower?” I say, and I chase my mate into the bathroom where we’ try‘ three times before we finally drop into bed.
The next morning, we both groan when the alarm wakes us ridiculously early, but by the time we get to breakfast, the energy is buzzing from everywhere and we're ready to cheer our warriors on
to victory. As we're eating, the elders come in to announce the beginning of the tournament.
“Welcome to the Tournament of the Moon Goddess. This four-day tournament will showcase the strengths of your packs and allow us to rank the packs in strength and numbers.”
+15 BONOS
He goes through an explaination of how the days will be divided, points given and that each day the packs will be ranked based on their total number of points. There is a challenger board, where we can watch the progression of the matches and see which of the challengers progresses as well as who they will fight in the next round. All fights will be in human form, which is why Carlos is able to participate. 
###Chapter 404
After breakfast, the battles begin. These initial fights are elimination of the weaker packs, and because there are so many packs, it's time consuming.
At lunch time, everyone breaks to eat. We meet up with Cara, Rik, Liam and Angel. All our warriors are still in the battle. The first two rounds have been completed, eliminating just under 2500 wolves. The afternoon battles will have fewer contestants, but they will last longer as the stronger warriors progress to the next levels.
We're getting food and finding a table when Angel turns. “Jude?” I watch as an older gentleman turns, looking at Angel. “Do I know you?”
Angel sets down her tray before walking over to the gentleman. Liam is watching her uneasily, and Grace reaches her arms out to take Richie. Liam passes him off and follows Angel.
“Jude. It’s me, Angel Bennis. Well, I’m Angel Holstin now.
“Angel? Angel, oh my goddess.” He says and pulls her into a hug, eliciting a loud snarl from Liam. Jude immediately drops his arms stepping back.
“Alpha Liam. I meant no disrespect. I was friends with Angel's father. We were warriors together.” He says, exposing his throat in submission. I guess everyone here knows the Alpha of the pack that has been named the strongest for nearly a decade.
Angel turns to Liam. “Jude was the one that helped my family. The only time I remember feeling safe after we left the pack.” Liam’s entire demeanor changes and he reaches o helping my mate and her family.”
his hand. “I owe you a debt of gratitude for
Jude looks back at Angel. “When we found your parents...” He stops, getting choked up. “We thought, we thought you...” “It's a long story. One I'd be happy to share when we have more time if you want to hear it.”
“I want to hear it.”
As I watch, another Alpha walks up. “Jude, what’s going on here?”
“Alpha Paul, May I introduce you to Liam and Angel Holstin. Angel is the daughter of Richard and Kathryn Bennis.” Jude’s manner changes as the Alpha approaches. He is no longer relaxed. His Alpha or this conversation is making him nervous.
The Alpha turns to Jude. “The couple that left our pack so suddenly and we later found killed? But I thought their daughter died with them.” He says, turning back to Angel.
I can see that Angel is following Jude’s lead and treading lightly in the conversation. “No, as ! mentioned to Jude, it’s a long story and one that we don’t have time to get into right now.”
The Alpha stares at Angel a moment too long, causing Liam to step closer to her, putting his arm around her protectively.
“I would like to know why your family left. From what my father tells me, he never understood why his Lead Warrior would just leave and turn rogue. He searched for your family for years until we
found them dead.” “Angel's father didn’t trust your father with his daughter’s life.” Liam says.
“My father would never have harmed a member of his pack. That is preposterous. I don’t know what you think your father’s reasons were, but my father was a good Alpha.” As I watch, Jude’s jaw clenches. Definitely something going on there.
“What is it?” Grace asks me, patting Richie on the back and bouncing softly like I've seen Angel and Cara doing when they are holding the babies.
“Something is off with that Alpha. We’ve seen too many of our pack members react around Alphas. not to notice the signs.” I say quietly. Grace looks over and it only takes her a minute.
“Definitely something off. Do you know who they are?” She replies just as quietly.
“I'm getting that they are from Angel’s pack. The one her parents ran from when they found out.” I don’t say any more since we're in a room full of shifters and everyone can hear. Angel hasn’t
announced what she is, and it isn’t my place to say it.
Liam reaches over and kisses she side of Angel’s head, his eyes never leaving the Alpha. “Show
him, little angel.”
My eyes go to the Alpha. I see the minute Angel’s eyes change. His eyes go from offended to covetous. And that’s why her parents took her and ran.
“Guardian.” He says it in a purring voice that makes even my skin crawl.
“Well, the wolf's out of the bag now.” Cara says beside us. I look around the room and see that it’s gone quiet. But they aren’t all just looking at Angel. They’ve noticed that our packs are close. They are looking at Cara and Grace now, too.
###Chapter 405
Chapter 0405 +15 BONDS
Maia pushes forward, answering the question of the Alphas in the room. I hear a collective gasp and realize that Artemis has come forward as well.
“All happily marked and mated.” Rik says, his voice a challenge as he stands. I realize he has passed Lily back to Cara. He’s ready for a fight.
Eli’s arm goes around me possessively. When I look, I see Louis shining in his eyes. Rik’s and Liam’s eyes have their wolves shining in them as well. It's a clear threat. Do not touch what is mine.
One of the elders who is managing the tournament stands. “Alphas. No one will attempt to take your mates from you. This is a competition, but it is friendly. Your mates are marked, and everyone here can smell your scents on them. Anyone who is paying attention will have seen the three females that will battle on the Alpha Day. Perhaps they believed they were Alpha females. but now we all know, it’s the Guardians that are here to battle. Let us finish our lunch and get
back to the competition.”
With that, the tension dissipates. Liam guides Angel back to our table, but his eyes haven’t left the Alpha. When they sit, I hand Richie back to Angel. It’s almost like everyone in the room just realized that there are two babies at our table that belong to Guardians. It feels like it solidifies.
the fact that we are taken.
After lunch, the packs with warriors still in battle go back to the battlefield. Others choose to go watch while some take the afternoon to let their wolves run or relax. By 4pm, we have gotten to the final 100 warriors. All the warriors from our three packs are still in the running. By 6pm, that number has dropped to 50 and some of Rik’s and Liam’s warriors were eliminated by our warriors and a couple other warriors that are doing very well are still in the fight. By 8pm, we are down to the final 10. Eli and I have five warriors still fighting, Liam has three and Rik has two. All the other
packs have been eliminated.
By 10pm, the battles are over. Our warrior, Ezra, came in first, and Eli and I decide we will offer him the Lead Warrior position when we return home. Liam's warrior took second and Rik’s took
third place, Liam’s warriors and ours both earned extra points for either taking out their opponent with one hit or fighting through their injuries.
At the end of the day, the rankings flash up on the leader board:
1st Place: Shadow Falls Pack 230 points
2nd Place: Safe Haven Pack
225 points
3rd Place: Canyon Ridge Pack 140 points
Throughout the day, I have spotted my father. The toddler I saw him with yesterday is definitely his son. I’ve also seen his mate. She’s younger than he is. Not quite as young as I am, but I'd guess in her early 20's, closer to Angel’s age, meaning my father is old enough to be her father. It makes me wonder if she agreed to this mating or if her family forced her into it.
As I've watched, I’ve picked up on certain things. When I was younger, I didn’t understand the dynamics of being a good Alpha. My father was strong, and he insisted on showing his strength and dominance to his pack. As a pup, I thought this was a good thing. Now, as a Luna and being mated to a strong Alpha, I’ve learned that when you are a powerful Alpha, and you are good to your pack, you don’t have to constantly prove yourself to them. When you earn their respect, they accept that you are their leader and trust that you will do what's right for the pack. They don’t constantly challenge you, requiring you to continually prove your position. That is what I see when I watch my father. His pack doesn’t trust him, meaning, they don’t respect him.
I don’t know if that is new, since my mother and I were banished, or if this is always how our pack dynamics were. You see things differently as a child than you do as an adult.
As I've watched, I’ve also seen Jack, my father’s Gamma and the one that let my mother and I leave so long ago. I need to try to find a way to thank him. If he hadn’t let my mother go. I would most likely be dead.
When we get back to our cabins, our warriors are celebrating, happy with our showing today. Eli and I check in on all of them to make sure they haven't been harassed by their previous pack members. Some of them had been approached earlier in the day, but since everyone realized that there were three Guardians here, they have been left alone.
###Chapter 406
We let them enjoy their wins. We don’t have anyone competing tomorrow, and while I want to be there to cheer for Shadow Falls and Canyon Ridge, our score will stay the same. Eli lets e
know how proud he is of them and after mind linking me, he decides to take this opportunity offer the Lead Warrior position to Ezra. He accepts and the party continues while Eli and I go to our cabin, hearing the party last until well into the early morning.
The next day, I’m not surprised when there are only a few of our pack that make it to i breakfast. Today, at least breakfast didn’t start until 5:30am as the battles would begin at 7am. Day two of the tournament is the battle of Lead Warriors and Gammas. Liam's new Lead Warrior is fighting
as well as Trevor and our own Maddison. I'll be rooting hardest for her, since she came from our pack.
Today starts with a total of 1,790 contestants. Nearly half of yesterdays contestants, but each day, the battles should be tougher. We watch the first two rounds again before we break for lunch, As we are walking over to get the babies, Sarah and Aolis, we see that there is someone speaking
to them.
As we get closer, I hear what he is saying. “What kind of pack associates with humans and—what are you? A pixie?” He sneers at Sarah and Aolis.
8
Aolis stands and puts himself in between what I can now smell is a Beta, and the others. “I’m an elf, a royal elf.”
The Beta snorts. “Whatever. I don’t know what pathetic pack you come from but go crawl back to it before I send you in a body bag.”
I'm about to step forward when I see Cara step up behind the Beta. “Beta. Are you insulting an Elf Prince and my guest?” He turns, the sneer still on his face. By the quick look of fear that spreads across his face, I have to assume that Artemis is shining in Cara’s eyes.
“Gu—Gu-Guardian.” Even from here I can see his Adam's apple bobbing nervously.
“Or perhaps you were threatening my Beta female.” Angel comes up on his other side. His head whips around.
“Wh, what? No, no.” He stutters.
“Aren't you going to go over there and help them?” I ask Rik and Liam.
“Why would we insult our mates like that?” Rik asks.
+15 BONOS
“Yeah, that would just piss them off.” Liam adds. Neither of them has taken their eyes off the scene, but they aren’t moving forward to assist either.
Angel and Cara back the Beta against a wall, effectively cornering him. “Perhaps you need a lesson in manners, Beta.” Cara says, stressing his title.
“We were just having a bit of fun, weren’t we?” The Beta says, looking at Aolis. “That guy is an insult to Betas.” Eli says beside me. “I told you I think you have Alpha blood. You are more Alpha than Beta.” I tell him. Watching the intense scene unfold.
“I have to agree with Grace. No Beta could have lasted as long as you did in my dungeons.” Liam says to Eli, never taking his eyes off his mate.
“Sometimes, Betas descend from Alphas. They might be the second or third sons of an Alpha, but over time, people forget.” Rik chimes in, his eyes also never leaving his mate.
As we watch, Angel and Cara have the Beta basically shaking in his boots. I can’t be sure, but I think he might have pissed himself.
“Is it wrong that I’m turned on right now?” Rik says.
“It's so fucking hot watching our girls showcase their power.” Liam says.
Suddenly, an Alpha is there beside the Beta. As he’s talking to Cara and Angel, Eli tenses beside me. The Alpha pulls his Beta away and they begin walking in our direction.
“I think it’s time to put another pup in my mate.” Liam says, walking toward Angel in what I can only describe as a predator going after its prey.
“Seriously? Richie’s only two weeks old.” Rik calls after him. “Exactly. It’s been way too long since she was carrying my pup.”
We watch as he walks up to Angel, picking her up. We hear her giggle before he kisses her passionately, walking them toward the surrounding forest.
As the Beta starts to pass us, Eli reaches out and stops him. “You're from Red Dawn Pack?” He asks him. He looks from Eli to me. “That’s right.”
Eli sucker punches him in the face. “That’s for Carlos. He sends his regards.” 
###Chapter 407
Chapter 0407 When I saw the Alpha of the Red Dawn Pack, I knew immediately from the resemblance it was
Carlos’s brother. While Carlos was the oldest, without a wolf, his father gave the position to his younger brother. When his brother became Alpha, he let Carlos stay in the pack, but chose this asswipe as his Beta. From what I heard from Carlos, this guy tormented him relentlessly and his
brother never did anything to stop it. Based on what I just saw, Carlos wasn’t exaggerating. “What the fuck! If my brother has an issue with my Beta or anyone else in my pack, he can take it up with me.” His brother says, helping his Beta back to his feet.
“Santiago, right? Well, I'm Carlos’s Alpha, and I was only giving this idiot what he deserves. And you're a fool for not giving the Beta position to your brother. But, hey, your loss is my gain.”
“You took a wolf less man as your Beta? What kind of stupid excuse for an Alpha are you?”
I step up, getting in his face. “The kind that understands that even without a wolf, my Beta can run circles around yours all day, every day.”
“Maybe you'll get lucky enough to test that theory. If they are matched up in the first round. No way Carlos lasts longer than one round without a wolf. Doesn’t matter that he’s an Alpha.”
“Lucky for you, I saw the challenger boards for tomorrow before we came over here. My Beta fights your Beta in the first round. May the best man win.”
“Oh, he will, and it will be my Beta that wins.” Santiago says. “Good luck with that, you’re going to need it.”
I watch a moment as they walk away before turning to Grace. “Let's go, I want to make sure we eat before we head back to the battles this afternoon. Maddison is still in the running.”
“You know Carlos can fight his own battles, right?” Grace says.
“Yeah, but that guy had it coming. Angel and Cara didn’t hit him, so someone needed to.”
We walk into the dining area and get some food. Just as we’re about to sit down, Carlos comes jogging up.
“Alpha, did you punch my brother’s Beta?”
“Sure did.” I say, taking a bite of food, completely unphased.
“May I ask why?”
I look at him. “You mean besides the obvious? He was harassing Sarah and Aolis, threatening 15 BONO
them and being a general douchebag. Angel and Cara put him in his place, but I thought her deserved a broken nose, so I gave him one. I might have mentioned that you sent your regards.”
Carlos sits, shaking his head. Then begins shaking with laughter. “I wish I had been there.” “You know you are scheduled to take him on in round one tomorrow, right?” I tell him.
His head pops up, a slow smile spreading across his face. “Oh yeah?”
“I expect you to mop the floor with him, Carlos.” Grace tells him.
“I'd consider it a pleasure, Luna.”
plates of food, one for her and one for Carlos
Amber joins us with two before getting Hope from
Sarah.
We chat some more before heading back to the battles. Maddison is doing great. I knew she would, but I can see Trevor's influence on her. She was good before, but he is making her a better warrior.
At the end of the battles, Maddison has come in third. Our entire pack cheered for her. Liam’s Lead Warrior came in second and Trevor came in first. That didn’t surprise me, the guy loves training against the Guardians and does every chance he gets.
At the end of the day, the day two totals are added to day one and the overall rankings flash up on the leader board:
1st Place: Shadow Falls Pack 280 points
2nd Place: Canyon Ridge Pack 240 points
3rd Place: Safe Haven Pack
225 points
Rik’s pack has made a huge jump. I’m surprised that even though we didn’t battle today, we're still in the top three.
Grace had walked over to congratulate Maddison and I was talking to some of the other warriors. When I turned, I see she’s no longer with Maddison. I begin looking around, searching for her.
I know that Grace can handle herself, but after yesterday and the Alphas all looking like they wanted to steal our mates, Liam, Rik and I have been more on edge.
“She’s over there, talking to that Alpha.” Rik says, having seen me looking for her. Without saying it out loud, we've all been looking out for each other’s mates and pack members.
When I follow his line of sight, my blood runs cold. She’s talking to her father. I immediately start walking in that direction. The look on his face is almost smug.
+15 BONDS When I get close enough, I hear Grace. “You don’t know who I am, do you?” “Oh honey,” he says condescendingly, “everyone here knows you're a Guardian. I know exactly who you are.”
I step up behind Grace. “Do you now? You think you know my mate?” I ask, placing my arm. around her waist, gently embracing her so she knows she has my support. Edgar’s mate and son are standing a couple steps behind him, watching the interaction.
He looks me up and down, apparently not impressed by what he sees, which is hilarious because I could take this guy out with one punch. He’s well past his prime.
“I was just explaining to your mate, that while I am flattered by her attention the last couple of days, I am a happily mated man.” He turns back to Grace. “I’m sorry if you are not happy, my dear, but I can always offer you a place in my pack. We'd be happy to host a Guardian.”
I snort at the irony, but Grace actually laughs in his face. “Is that so?”
He frowns like she’s lost her mind. “Yes. I would have happy to have you as my Guardian, I just couldn’t take you as my mate. You understand, of course.”
“Yes. I understand. I understand perfectly well that you have no idea who I am. Father.”
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 408
Yikes! Looks like the confrontation is coming!
Updates daily.
The audacity of this man. This man that I once respected, that I looked up to like he was the answer to every question I ever had. Now, I see him for what he really is. A washed up, pathetic excuse for an Alpha.
The arrogance of him thinking that I was staring at him because I want him, it’s unfathomable, not to mention disgusting.
I watch his face shut down after I call him father.
“Of course, I was what, twelve, when you banished me? Do you remember me now?
“That’s not possible.”
“Why, dad?” I say the term sarcastically. “Because you couldn’t be patient enough to wait and see if I got my wolf? You couldn’t be a good enough father to love me, even if I had never gotten a wolf? Well, surprise, here I am. It’s me, Grace. You banished your daughter, a future Guardian. from your pack. Is this starting to ring any bells for you?”
“How dare you?” He snarls, his hand coming up to strike me.
I grab it in mid-air, refusing to let it go, even after he tries to pull it out of my grip. “Does your mate know?” I ask him.
“Shut up!”
“I guess not, let’s fill her in then, shall we?”
I continue holding his arm in the air as I turn to his mate. “The only reason I’m alive is because my mother fled with me when he banished me.” I can see the horror filling her eyes. She had no idea of mine or my mother’s existence. I don’t want to hurt her, but my father’s lies need to be told. I’m not even sure that the pack really knows what happened.
“We knew when father finally gave up looking for us. I had to watch for years while my father cheated on the mate bond, slowly killing my mother.” My father’s mate is clutching her son to her.
tears rolling down her cheeks.
“Shut up, you fucking bitch!”
“Oh, father. The days of me being intimidated by you are over. The days where you abuse me, are over.”
“But do you know what the kicker was? The thing that actually killed my mother? It was when you marked your new mate. You knew my mother was still alive and you knew it would kill her, but you did it anyway.”
I pull him toward me, so my face is inches from his. “And you did it on my sixteenth birthday. I can only guess that was intentional as well.”
I shove him away from me, releasing his arm as he stumbles back.
“What do you want?” He spits the words at me.
“I'm glad you asked.” I thought facing my father would be frightening, but instead it’s liberating and it’s helping me see things clearly.
“I want my pack. I am the rightful heir, the pack’s rightful Alpha, and I. Want. My. Pack.” I enunciate the last words, Maia coming forward putting her strength behind it.
I hear the gasps of the bystanders around us, watching the interaction. “You'll have to fight me for it.”
“No problem. I'll be sure to show you the same mercy you showed my mother. You have one week. Alpha.” I sneer his title at him before turning to his mate, my voice softening.
“I have no problem with you. You obviously did not know about my mother or me. As long as you don’t try to keep me from taking my rightful place as Alpha, you can remain in the pack. But I’d suggest thinking long and hard about whether you want this man to still be your mate when I come for the challenge.”
I turn back to my father. “Because I will kill you for what you did, to my mother, to me and I can only imagine to the pack.”
“You think you can just come here and threaten to take our packs. I don’t care if you are a Guardian, I’m not afraid of you.” Another Alpha steps forward, having watched the entire interaction. I see some other nodding in agreement.
Angel and Cara step up beside me. “You don’t need to be afraid of us. But you will respect us.” Angel says and she pushes her aura, full-strength forcing the Alpha to his knees and making him expose his neck in submission.
Cara looks out at the group. “Anyone else want to question our strength as Guardians? Grace and I would be happy to show you our strengths as well, but we don’t have the ability to direct our aura like Angel. We'd bring you all to your knees.” She snarls at them, Artemis coming forward.
I can see that my father finally understands the situation he is in. He turns his fearful eyes back to 1. me. +15 BONOS “One week, Alpha.” I say and he turns and starts to walk away. I stand with my sisters, ready to show our strength if anyone else wants to challenge us. Liami walks up to Angel. He wraps his arms around her and rubs his nose through her hair. “Baby girl, I think you've taught the Alpha a lesson he’s not likely to forget. Release your aura.”
She gives a final snarl before pulling her aura back. The Alpha falls forward, just catching himself with his hands. His Beta comes up and helps him to his feet before the crowd disperses.
Eli comes up behind me, wrapping his arms around me. “So, we need to make plans to assimilate another pack into our already large pack?”
I turn in his arms. “I’m sorry. I should have talked to you about it, but I hadn’t realized that was what I wanted until I confronted
him.
He puts his forehead against mine. “It’s lucky there are elders here. I'll talk to them about adding to our pack lands. The area between ours and the canyon is open, I believe. We will have to borrow the money to buy it, but now that our pack is starting to make money, we should be able to
do it.”
“If not. Liam and I will help.” Rik says, having come over to wrap his arms around Cara. “Do you have any idea how many pack members we're talking about?” Eli asks me. “One hundred and seventy-five, give or take.” A deep voice says behind me.
“Jack.” I pull out of Elis arms. “I owe you a debt of gratitude.”
He shakes his head. “No. I should have done more. I didn’t know. I didn’t realize what was happening and as his Gamma, I should have.”
“Do you think the pack will follow me.” I ask him.
He looks at me for a long moment. “The pack has been miserable for a long time. They will follow you and accept you as their rightful Alpha.” 
###Chapter 409
After speaking with Jack, Grace and I head back to our cabin. We're only there for a moment when Angel and Liam knock. “May we come in?” Angel asks.
for the
I stand back, gesturing to enter. “Of course.”
Grace puts on a pot of coffee, and we
in the small seating area of the cabin. “You saw my
interactions with Jude this afternoon at lunch?” Angel jumps right in.
“Yes. He seemed edgy around his Alpha.” I say.
“Alpha Paul. He is the son of the Alpha that was in his position when my family ran from the pack.” Angel clarifies as Grace brings over a tray of coffee, cream and sugar.
As Grace pours the coffee, Angel continues. “He approached me after lunch. He’s heard of your pack, and he’s been wanting to leave the Great River Pack, but he didn’t know where to go.”
She looks at Liam, who nods before she continues. “He’s afraid to come to our pack, thinking his Alpha will look for him there.” “Not that it would matter, once we make him our pack member.” Liam cuts in.
“But he doesn’t want to deal with what my family dealt with, basically being hunted by the pack. He wants to know if he could join your pack.”
“My pack, your pack. I’m with Liam, I’m not sure that it matters.” I look at Grace. “But we’d be happy to take him and his family in.” I pause. “Does he understand that our pack is still under construction, and he will have to put a lot of work into it?”
It's Liam who answers. “I was very clear with him about that. Apparently, they are being taxed nearly to starvation in the pack, so being able to build his own home is a very exciting option for
him.
I rub my hands down my face. “I was worried about this. We know some of these packs are mistreating their pack members because they are now in our pack. I worry that we'll have an even larger influx of people coming to our borders now that they know who, what and where we are.”
Grace reaches out, putting her hand on my arm. “We'll find a place for anyone that needs it. Everyone deserves a chance. You and I both know that.”
I turn back to Angel and Liam. “He and his family are welcome. Do you know how he plans to get there? It’s a long way from Minnesota to Georgia.”
Angel looks at Liam. “We’re going to help him with that. We just wanted to make sure that you were willing to take them in before we told him.”
We talk briefly about the Beta battles tomorrow, Liam and I good naturedly taunting each other. that our Betas will win. When they leave. I turn to look at Grace. “We may need to buy all the land between us and Canyon Ridge.” I joke. “Do you know how much land that is?” She asks.
“I'd guess it's somewhere around 600 acres or one square mile. The reason it takes us to long to run to the canyon is the rocky terrain and the mountainous territory.”
She whistles low. “That’s going to cost a lot of money.” “Maybe. The land isn’t good as the only place for a pack to settle, but as an add-on, it could work and would give us safety by
bumping our borders up against Liam’s and Rik’s. The council may be willing to give us a deal because no other pack would want that land on its own.”
pull my mate to bed. ‘I'll talk to the elders after Carlos kicks some Beta butt tomorrow and shows his brother and that nasty piece of a Beta what a real wolf looks like.”
“I can’t wait to see the looks on their faces.” My mate agrees before we drift off to sleep.
The next morning, I’m up and ready, my nerves on high, ready to see Carlos get some payback for his treatment in his previous pack.
We meet at breakfast and Carlos looks cool as a cucumber. His mate, however, looks like she’s about to vomit all over everyone. “Amber? Are you okay?” I ask her. “Mmhmm.” She says, not looking away from her plate.
Carlos wraps his arm around her, pulling her in so he can kiss the side of her head. “Just do your best, baby. You'll be amazing, no matter what.” 
###Chapter 410
“Amber, you're a great warrior. Why are you so nervous?” Grace asks and I swear I see Amber’s lip tremble. If it's this stressful for her to compete, I’ll remove her.
It's Carlos who answers. “She’s afraid she’ll disappoint both of you.” “Amber, you're here. We're already proud of you. You have nothing to prove to us.” Grace says. taking her hands.
Amber looks up at her. “You’ve given me so much and I want to prove that I was worth your time and energy. But I’ve never done this before.”
“Amber, I wouldn’t have chosen you if I didn’t think you could handle it. But, if you don’t want to compete, I can pull your name from the competition.” I tell her.
Her head whips up. “Oh no! I’m competing! I just want to make you proud is all.” “Well, then. No worries, we are already proud.”
After breakfast, we make our way to where Carlos will have his battle. Today, there are only 448 contestants. Any acting Beta, retired Beta or person over 18 with Beta blood can battle today, so some packs, like ours, have two contenders.
“I'll go cheer on Amber. You stay and watch Carlos.” Grace says, knowing I need to be here for him. I kiss her before she takes off.
“Link me and let me know how she does.” She turns and winks at me before moving to follow Amber to where her battle will take place.
I turn back in time to see Carlos enter the ring. He is calm and quiet as he stands, waiting for the fight to begin. As his Alpha, I can feel his nerves, but I can also feel how he pushes them aside so he can focus. He’s always been this way and while I love having him as my—Beta, he would have.
made a fantastic Alpha. His brother’s Beta, on the other hand, is a show boater. He comes in like this is some sort of
human boxing match, bouncing around on his feet, shadowboxing around the ring, holding his fists up in the air, trying to get the crowd behind him.
When the fight is called, the other Beta comes in hard and fast. Carlos ducks under his swinging arm and delivers a punch right to his gut, before turning around ready to go again.
The Beta is still dancing, but it's slower, catching his breath. The hit has him rethinking his next move. He wasn’t expecting Carlos to be that strong. Carlos gets in a defensive stance and waits
+15 BONOS
him out. It only takes a minute before the Beta comes in swinging again. Carlos takes a jab to the ribs, but it gives him the opportunity to punch the Beta in the face, knocking him to his knees.
I can hear Santiago yelling at his Beta to get up. He wipes his hand across his lips, spitting blood before getting back to his feet and rushing at Carlos again. Carlos side steps him, swinging around to swipe his legs out from under him. When the Beta hits the ground, Carlos swings a fist, slamming it into his solar plexis. You can hear the air wheezing out of the Beta’s lungs.
Carlos gets back up, waiting for the man his brother replaced him with to get back to his feet. Santiago is threatening his Beta that if he doesn’t get up, he'll lose his position as Beta in the pack. When he stands and turns back to face Carlos, Carlos finally speaks.
“You should have stayed down.” This time, Carlos goes on the offensive. He begins punching the Beta mercilessly. He hits his gut, his ribs, his kidneys, his head until the Beta falls at his feet.
“Do you submit?” Carlos asks him, his voice even, showing no emotion.
“Fuck you!” The Beta says, getting back to his feet, blood dripping from multiple parts of his body.
“I gave you a chance.” Carlos says, before going in, swiping his leg and this time, instead of going for the gut, he brings his elbow down on the Beta’s knee, dislocating it. There’s an audible pop before the Beta begins screaming.
The referee calls it and Carlos wins. Our pack cheers and howls for his victory. Carlos turns and walks toward me without giving the Beta or his brother another glance.
Cooper Author
Carlos kicked some Beta butt! 
###Chapter 411
I follow Amber to her fight. Our pack looks like they have divided themselves between Carlos and Amber, but not surprisingly, most are watching Carlos. They want to see him take down his
brother's Beta.
Cara comes over to stand beside me. “Dustin took his guy down in two hits.”
“Nice!”
She nods her head at Amber. “She ready?”
“I think so. She needs to stop second guessing herself.”
I watch as the Beta coming in to fight her smirks at her. He’s easily twice her size.
“You got this Amber.” I call out to her.
“Yeah, the bigger they are, the harder they fall.” Cara chimes in as we start clapping for her. She's fighting tough. She’s taking hits but she’s giving plenty as well. Eli and Carlos come over to join us.
“How’s she doing Luna?”
“She’s good.” I raise my voice for Amber to hear. “She needs to stop playing with this idiot and show him what Safe Haven Pack is all about.”
“Take him down, baby. Just like we practiced.” Carlos yells at her. And there’s something about
hearing Carlos’s voice that causes a change in her. She immediately goes from defensive to offensive. She’s using her smaller size to maneuver around the Beta, pulling him off balance.
“That’s it, Amber, just like you did the other day!” Carlos encourages her.
Amber takes a running step, swinging her leg into a roundhouse kick, kicking the Beta in the face and knocking him off balance. As she drops to the ground, she crouches and swings around, punching him on the inside of his upper thigh, just keeping the hit legal. Then she spins back around, while he’s still trying to get his balance and swipes his legs. The Beta comes crashing to the ground. Her fist reaches out and slams into his gut.
The Beta turns his head, just as he retches all over the ground. The referee calls the fight and Amber wins. “That’s my girl!” Carlos yells, running to her and swinging her around in the air.
By lunch time, we have the top fifty contestants and by 2pm we’re down to 25. All five of our Betas
are still in the battle rounds. Lacey and Chase included.
+15 BONOS
for the
Chase takes third place, losing to Carlos. Dustin wins his battle putting him against Carlos for
final match.
This fight is the longest of any fight I’ve seen so far. They are both tough competitors and worthy of their Beta titles. In the end, Carlos defeats Dustin and all three packs cheer for them.
At the end of the day, the overall rankings for the three-day total flash up on the leader board: 1st Place: Shadow Falls Pack 380 points
2nd Place: Safe Haven Pack
375 points 3rd Place: Canyon Ridge Pack 365 points
It will come down to the Alpha battles tomorrow, but I couldn’t be more thrilled. There is no way we aren’t placing in the top three in our first trip to the tournament.
The atmosphere at dinner is more tense that I would have expected. We’re down to the last day tomorrow, Alphas and Guardians. As I look around, I see quite a few Alphas are not thrilled at the idea of losing to a female and it’s putting them ina foul mood. Having seen Angel's strength, they know they can’t defeat us.
The next day, we get up a bit earlier than we have the other days. I want to eat early and let my food digest before my first fight. Angel is fighting one of the Alphas that I know is terrorizing his pack members. She's thrilled to be able to knock him down a few pegs.
Eli gives me a kiss before we go our separate ways for our battles. This time, when the pack splits up, it's even. I’m guessing they will continue to switch back and forth to be able to watch both me and Eli in our rounds.
My first battle is with the Alpha that challenged us the other day, the one that Angel put on his knees in front of everyone. When I get there, I see the arrogant Alpha hasn't learned his lesson. He sneers at me before getting ready to fight. He’s not even a good sport about it and refuses to shake hands. That’s fine. He needs another lesson, and he’s about to get it.
The moment the referee blows the whistle, he comes at me. I don’t even pretend to give him a chance. I dodge a blow, aimed at my face, kneeling on the ground and using every ounce of power I have, I flat-palm punch him in the chest sending him flying across the field, outside of the battlefield and into a tree. When someone jogs over to him, they tell the ref that he’s out cold. The referee shakes his head but gives me the win. I get extra points for a single-hit win. 
###Chapter 412
“Luna, why didn’t you use a flat palm instead of punching him?” One of my warriors asks me.
I turn to look at them and they are all looking at me, wondering why, “You saw how hard I hit him?” They nod.
“If Ihad punched him, my fist would have gone through his body, and I would have killed him.” They all look at me stunned for a moment before we head over to Eli’s match. I can see some other Alphas heard the conversation and are looking less than thrilled at the second rounds where.
they are matched up against one of the Guardians.
As we reach him, Eli pins his opponent, stretching his arm just to the point of dislocation before the Alpha taps out. We cheer for Eli and then go to watch the others. By the time we get to them, they are done with their matches, so we wait until all the first— round contestants are done before
the second round begins.
My second match is an older gentleman, by Alpha standards. He comes over to me before we get in the ring. “Guardian. My name is Alpha Christopher. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
I've seen him around. His pack seems to respect him and none that I have seen show any fear around him. “Alpha Christopher, I am Luna Grace. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Thank you, my dear. I don’t expect to defeat you today, but I’m very excited to spar with a Guardian for what will most likely be the only time in my life.” His eyes are sparkling like he just got the best present in the world.
I can’t help but smile at him. “Do you have a son, Alpha Christopher?” I’m wondering if he’s just in the competition for the fun of it.
“No, I have a daughter. She hasn’t found her mate yet, so I haven’t been able to pass on the pack to her. Sadly, she’s not strong enough to run the pack, and she knows it. She didn’t even come to
this event because she’s not a warrior.” He says as we walk into the ring. I decide to give this Alpha a fun sparring session, and that’s what we do. He’s not bad.
Considering he’s probably my father’s age, he’s actually very strong and spry. We dance around. giving and receiving our hits. I make a point to show him where his weaknesses are in his
defense, and he tightens them up. He gives me a few pointers as well.
We're having a great time when I hear Eli behind me. “Grace? What are you doing? This is a competition, not a sparring match.”
We stop and Alpha Christopher looks over at Eli before turning back to me. “Well I guess our time +15 BONOS
has ended.” He squats down and taps the ground, effectively tapping out. I reach my hand down. to help him up and we walk out of the ring together.
“Thank you, young lady. That was the most fun I’ve had in years.” He tells me as Eli stands, frowning at us both.
“Alpha Christopher, please meet my mate, Alpha Eli. We run the Safe Haven Pack.”
“Oh Luna, everyone here knew who you were before the end of the first day. But it is a pleasure to meet you as well, Alpha Eli.” He reaches out and shakes Eli’s hand.
I
“Alpha.” I say turning back to Alpha Christopher. “We will be having a mate gathering in our pack in a couple of weeks. The three packs, Shadow Falls, Canyon Ridge and our pack all join in. Your daughter and any unmated wolves that you have would be welcome to join. Although I have to warn you that our pack is still under construction. But it’s an opportunity for your daughter to find
her mate.”
He clasps his hands together, looking from me to Eli. “That would wonderful. And if rumors are to be believed, you will be absorbing another pack around that time as well. Even more opportunity for my daughter to meet her mate.”
I lean in toward him. “You would be welcome too, Alpha. And you might just get another chance to spar with a Guardian.” I wink at him, and I swear he shivers in delight.
Cooper Author
Do you remember the brief mention of Alpha Christopher’s daughter in Angel and Liam’s book? Perhaps we'll see her at the next mate gathering.
6 
###Chapter 413
I can do nothing but shake my head at Grace.
“What?”
“You were sparring with that Alpha, not competing against him.”
She just shrugs it off. “He knew he couldn’t defeat me, but he was excited to spar with a Guardian. He thought it might be his only chance, so we had fun with it. Now he’ll get another chance if he brings his daughter to the mate gathering.”
“Speaking of that, do you have any idea what chaos you've just started? Every unmated male will be coming to our gathering hoping to be the mate of an Alpha female.”
“Why
shouldn’t they? You never know where you'll find your mate and if more come, we're more
likely to find other mate matches.”
I grab her arm, stopping her and turning her toward me, before pulling her against me. “I love you. You are an amazing woman.”
She wraps her arms around my neck, stretching on her tip toes. “I love you too.” She says before kissing me deeply in front of everyone. I love when she claims me like this. It makes Louis purr in my chest.
m Sava h
“Get a room!” I hear and Angel walk up.
I chuckle, but I release Grace. “Where are Rik and Cara?”
“They went to check on the kids.” Liam looks at Grace. “Rik had your dad in the last round. He didn’t take him down gently.”
“Good.” My mate says. “He deserves what he gets.”
Since today is the last day of the competition, the leader boards are updated starting after lunch
when there are only 50 Alphas left in the competition. The six of us have moved through our battles easily. However, similar to the other days, the afternoon battles will be harder and will most likely last longer, at least for Rik, Liam and me. Our mates seem to have no problem taking
down the Alphas. The only time the battle takes longer is if they choose for it to. like with Grace and Alpha Christopher.
As the afternoon progresses, it ends up being the six of us, in the final rounds. Since we refuse to battle against our mates, they put Angel against Rik, Cara against me, and Grace against Liam. These battles last the longest. Not only do we not want to hurt the others, but our strength is increased because our mates are Guardians.
In the end, our mates defeat us. Grace had the hardest time against Liam. He is the strongest Alpha I’ve ever met, but Grace is the strongest Guardian. It was a good match up and think both
of them were happy with the outcome.
The leader boards update to show the final stats before the last rounds:
1st Place: Shadow Falls Pack 650 points
2nd Place: Canyon Ridge Pack 640 points
3rd Place: Safe Haven Pack 620 points
I'm thrilled. The final battle between the Guardians will solidify who wins, but the scores are so close that it could be considered a three-way tie. Regardless, Safe Haven has now made a name for itself. We may be new, but we are strong.
I walk over to where the judges are talking with Grace, Angel and Cara. Rik and Liem have already made their way over to them and I see them standing with their hands on their hips. As I walk up.
I understand why they look that way.
“We're not doing it.” Cara says.
“I refuse to fight my sisters.” Angel repeats.
“Why can’t we take the scores as they are now. We all agree, that’s fair. Grace adds.
The judges, werewolf elders, are shaking their heads. “That is not how the competition is run. You have to fight to the end.”
“Says who?”
“Yeah, we've already established that our three packs are, by far, the strongest. Who cares which of us is considered the strongest.”
Suddenly, I hear an explosion and the ground under us shakes. I rush up to Grace just as I hear another explosion. I turn and see that there is a fire on the other side of the battlefields. As I
watch, explosions start to go off all around us, effectively encircling the entire group of werewolves in the battlegrounds.
Grace. Cara and Angel lift their noses into the air. “HUNTERS! They shout as one. just as the bullets start flying.
Grace begins turning around in a circle. her nose still in the air as chaos breaks out around us. People are running in every direction, shifting and going after the hunters.
“Grace, what are you doing?” Cara asks her.
“There are over 1000 hunters out there. I can’t get an exact number, but we’re surrounded.”
As one, we begin running to where we left Sarah, Aolis and the babies. Hunters start coming at us, aiming guns at everyone. I jump and shift, taking down a hunter. Angel is throwing her aura out attacking individual hunters, but Grace and Cara can’t use their aura as they will take out wolves along with hunters if they aren’t careful.
Up ahead, I can see Amber is running to get to Hope. As a hunter pulls a bow back, aiming at her. Carlos jumps on him, snapping his neck.
When we get to where the babies are, I can see a shimmering glow around the group. Aolis is doing something that has created a protective barrier around them. I don’t know what it is, but it is protecting the babies and Sarah. Sarah, however, isn’t sitting by idly. She has knives and she is throwing them with deadly accuracy at the hunters.
As one, we circle our little group, protecting the pups as well as Aolis and Sarah even though they are holding their own. Angel pushes her aura around them, strengthening the barrier that was already created by Aolis. Grace and Cara shift, as arrows and bullets fly past us, bouncing off
Angel's and Aolis’ barriers.
The sounds of battle are everywhere. Smoke from the bombs fills the air with an acrid, metallic smell, burning my nose and eyes. There may only be a thousand hunters, but they have the element of surprise. They took down quite a few wolves with their bombs and the initial gunfire.
of
While it may be difficult to see and smell, the hunters are easily spotted. Even though most of the werewolves have shifted, those that haven’t stand out because they aren’t wearing gas masks. As I watch, I see that the hunters have created their own wall. All around us, the hunters are
standing shoulder to shoulder, and they are pushing their way forward. As they do, they are pushing us back until eventually, we will have no where else to run. It gives new meaning to the term ‘shooting fish in a barrel’. We'll be easy targets.
“Grace, they are surrounding us and trying to pin us down. Can you push your aura and take out a large group of them?” I mind link her.
Maia turns and sees what I see. Grace shifts back, turning to Cara. “Cara, we need to knock down that wall.” She says pointing to the hunters still pushing forward. Cara shifts.
“Take my hand, pull on my strength.” Cara tells her.
“I don’t know how. I’ve barely practiced pulling your strength because of the pregnancies. You
pull on mine.” Grace tells her.
+15 BONOS
Cara does and I watch as she throws a punch of power at the hunters. Nearly 50 drop-to the ground, dead. Unfortunately, all it did was bring attention to us. All the hunters near us turn and
set their sights on our little group. Cooper Author The hunters are back! Updates occur daily.
5 
###Chapter 414
Fear, I have never felt such fear in my life. I've been afraid many times. I was afraid when my mother started having her ‘episodes’. I was afraid when my mother died, and I was alone world. And I was afraid when I was being hunted across the country by Alphas wanting to force
me into a mate bond.
But this? This isn’t fear for me. This is fear for my mate. Fear for my sisters standing beside me. Fear for my pack, and fear for the innocent pups huddled behind me.
How dare they? How dare these hunters come to take what is mine? How dare they threaten the happiness that Eli and I have worked so hard to create?
And as Cara blasts them with our power and they turn their attention toward us, my fear turns to anger. A fiery inferno of anger. They do not get to take what is mine. They do not get to take the happiness of my people who have worked so hard to find a better life, to make a better life for
themselves. They, who have come to take everything from me, will have everything taken from them today. I grip Cara’s hand in mine, pulling her strength. She feels the change and her head whips around to look at me.
I've heard that people who can see auras say that individual auras have different colors. I don’t know if it’s the same, but where my strength feels like it's a bright red, Cara’s feels orange to me. It blends easily with mine, creating a new color, something lighter than mine but darker than hers.
When I feel a hand come onto my shoulder, I know that Angel has joined our connection. Her color is blue, a cooling color. But rather than mute our fire, her blue bleeds into our reddish orange. making it purple, something powerful, yet malleable.
I look around the circle again, finding the hunters, before closing my eyes. In my mind. I can see them as if they are shining beacons, just like when I ‘count’ with my smell The wer dark, and I work to separate them quickly from the light. When I open my eyes, I know that Mala is shining brightly in them. I feel her energy and I pull from the strength of my sisters
I'm not sure what the hunters see in me, but as one they begin firing off their guns and arrows now almost solely focused on the three of us.
“You will not take what is mine!” I shout at them, my voice deep with Maia’s overlaying. I raise my arms, Cara’s hand still held tightly in mine and the blast of power that comes from me is like nothing I have ever felt before. I scream as it leaves me, feeling like a freight train is rushing out of
my body.
I feel Angel drop behind me, feel Cara drop beside me, breaking the connection and leaving me feeling empty, left with nothing but darkness. I stagger, several bullets finding their mark in my body, as I collapse. Before I hit the ground, Eli is there, catching me.
“Grace! Grace!” I hear Eli calling my name, but I can’t respond. My strength is gone, my mind feels like it is floating. “Medic!” I hear someone yell beside me.
“Hang on Luna, you’re not dying today.” Another voice, Carlos maybe.
“Grace, baby, listen to my voice. Stay with me. Stay with me.” I can feel Eli’s hands on my face, his touch grounding me.
“Get the silver out of them. They have an immunity to silver, but they were all hit several times. They won't heal with the bullets in them.”
The sounds of chaos is still all around. People yelling for help from all different directions. I can hear the babies screaming, hear someone trying to soothe and quiet them. “Are they okay? Are they injured?” Someone, possibly Rik, asks.
“The babies are fine, nothing got past Aolis‘ barrier.” Someone, Sarah maybe, responds.
“And Aolis?”
“He’s weak, but fine.”
I can hear Liam and Rik talking to Cara and Angel, saying similar things that Eli is saying to me.
“Okay, where are her bullet wounds?” Someone whose voice I don’t recognize asks next to me. I barely feel it as the person starts removing the bullets from my body. However, when they are all gone, I feel the shift inside. My body can now start healing itself.
“Grace, can you open your eyes for me?” No, I can’t.
I feel Eli's hand take mine. “Can you squeeze my hand?” I try, but nothing happens.
I hear someone suck in a huge mouthful of air, like they are taking their first breath in way too long.
“Angel! Oh, little angel. You scared me.”
“I'm okay. I’m okay. Grace drained my power and energy, but I’m okay. I just needed a minute to recover.”
“They both lost consciousness too?” Angel asks, realizing that Cara and I are unconscious around her.
+15 BONOS
“Cara dropped right after you. Grace right after that.”
“They'll be okay. I could hear everything, I just couldn’t move. I’m guessing they can hear everything going on around us as well. My healing power just helped me heal faster than them.”
“Baby, if you can hear me, I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere.” Eli says, stroking my cheek.
“Did it work? Did whatever Grace do work?” Angel asks.
It's quiet for a moment. “It looks like it.”
“Cara!” Rik exclaims.
“You didn’t think you were getting rid of me so easily, did you Alpha?” Cara’s exhausted voice. drifts to me.
I hear a muffled response from Rik. I’m guessing he has his face buried in her neck.
“Angel is right, I could hear everything. Grace will be okay Eli. I feel weak, but I’m good.”
I hear footsteps approaching. “Alphas.” Another voice I don’t recognize. “Most of the hunters are dead. A couple escaped but” There’s a brief pause. “But?”
Well, the hunters, they... they’re in pieces. It’s almost like they were put through a woodchipper. I’ve never seen anything like it.” “She pulled a lot of power, she basically drained us and most likely herself.” Cara says.
I gasp as I feel light pump back into my body. I go from feeling heavy and unable to move to just feeling weak and sore. “Grace!” I'm immediately in Eli’s arms, his face in my neck, breathing deeply. I wrap my arms around him, holding on to him.
“I'm okay. Like Angel and Cara said, I could hear you, but I couldn’t move.” I tell him, letting his scent and the mate bond continue to heal my aching body.
I turn and look at my sisters. “Are you both okay? I’m sorry, I didn’t know I was pulling too much.”
“We're fine.” Angel says from her position in Liam’s lap. “I think we'll have to train some more with Ailduin so you can control how much you pull from us.”
“Yeah, I feel tired, but I’m good.” Cara says from Rik’s lap.
“So it worked? I was able to direct the blow to the hunters and protect the werewolves?” “So—it I “It worked.” Eli says. “The Guardians of the Realm saved us today.”
+15 BONOS
Cooper Author
Hey everyone! I’ve been sick all week and I’m behind, but I'll have another chapter up for you later today. What do your think of the Guardian’s combined power?
6 
###Chapter 415
I knew Guardians were powerful. Every werewolf hears about the Guardians at a young age. There is a reason Alphas covet them. But, knowing they are powerful and actually seeing the results of that power are very different.
Watching Grace take down nearly 1000 hunters all at once was mind boggling. Knowing that she has that much power and the ability to pull that kind of power from Cara and Angel makes me wonder if it’s hard for Grace to house that inside her. Does it just lay dormant until it’s needed, or
does it fester needing an outlet?
Those are thoughts for another day. Right now, my mate needs me. “How do you feel, baby?” “Like I’ve been hit by a truck.”
“Let's get you back to the cabin.”
“But there are people here who need us. What about our pack members? Are all of them safe? Were any injured?” Grace asks. Of course, she puts the pack ahead of herself.
I'm about to tell her I'll handle it after I have her safely in bed, when Carlos and Amber come jogging up after checking on our pack mates.
“Luna. Are you alright?” Amber asks.
“Yes, do you know anything about our pack members?”
“We do have a few injured. None were killed, thankfully. That’s not the case with all the packs. Several packs have lost their Betas, and some have lost their Alphas.” Carlos answers.
He looks around, running his hands through his hair. “We had the intel, but we didn’t know what it meant. All we knew was that they were planning something big.” He turns back looking at me.
This is big.” “Yes, itis.” “Were any of the elders injured?” Liam asks.
“No, they were protected by the others. It will take time for the packs to settle after this. The ones. that lost their Alphas will have to establish a new hierarchy or be absorbed into other packs.”
I stand, picking Grace up in the process, holding her bridal style in my arms. “I’m going to take Grace to the cabin then I'll be back to help clean up.” “Ell, I need to help.”
“Grace, you, Cara and Angel just saved our lives. Now you need to rest, and we can clean this up. We have a long night ahead of us, and a long drive home tomorrow. You rest and get your
strength back, baby.”
It seems Liam and Rik have the same idea, but they, at least, have the babies to encourage their mates to go rest. I don’t like leaving Grace alone, but after she assures me she'll shower and get in bed, I head back to the battlefields.
It's a long night of cleaning up. The elder who told us the hunters looked like they were put through a woodchipper wasn’t far off the mark. If I hadn’t seen it, I’m not sure I would have believed it. We burn the remains, making sure that there is nothing that the humans can recover. We don’t want the human police to come sniffing around our packs.
The elders are in charge of coming up with a scenario to explain the explosions and fires in the state park. Liam, Rik and I make a point to talk to the packs that lost someone, but most importantly, those that lost their Alphas. Those packs will be feeling lost without their leader. Some have younger sons or brothers of the Alpha that can step in and take over, but a couple will be in turmoil while the pack fights to re-create a hierarchy. They are also at risk of being attacked by neighboring Alphas trying to take over their packs. Both Grace’s father and Alpha Christopher survived the attack. I make a mental note to let Grace know.
When we finish, I quickly shower and slide into bed with my mate, getting a couple hours of sleep before we leave to head back home.
In the morning, the elders call an Alpha meeting before we leave. They want us to report anything we hear about the hunters. Their move on us during the tournament is unprecedented. They have become aggressive in their attack on us. I bring up the recent attack on our neighboring sprites. Rik agrees to talk to King Ailduin and see if he has heard of any other attacks on the fae. Liam tells the group that we will ask any other supernaturals that come to swear fealty to the Guardians if they are having issues with the hunters.
We also discuss the rumors that some werewolves have been taken-captive. Several Alphas indicate that they feel that their pack members have been captured, but they haven't been able to lind where they are being held. A video call is scheduled for two weeks from today to discuss any further information that can be gained.
-15 BONOS
###Chapter 416
Chapter 0416 The ride home is long, made longer because of the stress of how the tournament ended. Thankfully, Grace is feeling better, and Cara and Angel agreed they are as well. That, at least, isn’t
something I need to worry about. Our injured pack members have mostly healed overnight. Those that haven't will see Sirona when we get back. I check in with Noah, letting him know what happened and that we're on our way back. Everything seems fine back at the pack, so that also
helps me to relax.
Grace, sensing my stress, lays her head on my chest. I can feel her fatigue through the bond. She may be feeling better, but she’s still feeling the effects of her power surge yesterday. I’m not sure if that’s the right description of what happened, but that’s what it felt like. As she leans against me, I wrap my arms around her, getting settled so she can sleep against me. I lean my head back and allow myself to fall asleep.
When we arrive back at the packhouse, I call a meeting with the ranked members and include Ezra as our new Lead Warrior and excuse Sirona so she can take care of the injured we brought home. After Noah congratulates Ezra, we get down to business.
“You all know we were attacked by hunters at the tournament. There were a lot of them, Grace says over a thousand, but we know that is a small number compared to how many there are nationwide. Rik, Liam and I talked about it. We believe that the Guardians are now a target. The hunters have seen their power and unfortunately, a couple escaped. They will report back to their leaders, and we believe they will come for them.”
“They won't get our Luna.” Carlos says, echoing everyone’s sentiment.
“No, they won't. But in order to make sure we keep everyone safe, we will be increasing border patrols. I will be speaking with our sprite friends and asking them to check in with us daily on anything they see out of the ordinary.”
“About that,” Noah says, “you probably want to have a conversation with Alexander first thing tomorrow morning.” I frown. “Something I should know?”
“Do we have a problem with the sprites?” Grace asks, concerned.
“Just an interesting development in the sprite situation. It's better if you speak to Alexander.”
“Okay. Also, your Luna has challenged her father for her old pack. We expect that she will win, and we will be assimilating a large number of wolves in the near future.”
+15 BONOS I watch as everyone looks at each other. “Where are we going to put them?” Amber asks.
“I spoke to the elders. We are purchasing the land between our pack and Liam and Rik’s packs. We will effectively close our borders, connecting to theirs, on two sides. This will offer extra protection for all our packs. It will also leave the canyon in between the three packs as a common area where we can have pack gatherings and a place for pack members to meet and interact
together.”
“We can put many of them in the packhouse while they are building their homes. We will ask others if they are willing to open their homes while the houses are being built. At the rate we’re building, it shouldn’t be more than a couple of months.” Grace adds.
“Where will we get the money to pay for the land?” Noah asks.
“The land was going to be cheap anyway given the terrain, but after speaking with the elders, if we give them the land from Grace’s father’s pack, they will consider it an equal trade. They are getting more usable land in the deal, but we are getting more land overall.”
“Luna, what if some refuse to follow you? While we all respect you here, not all wolves will be willing to follow an Alpha female.” Carlos says.
“Our understanding from my father’s Gamma is that the pack is unhappy. So, while the move may be difficult for some, I believe that they will be happy to relocate.”
“And anyone unwilling to follow your Luna will be forced to go rogue or try to find another pack that will accept them.” I add.
“We'll be making a formal announcement to the pack tomorrow night. I'll send out a pack link in the morning. We have a lot to go over and a lot of changes still to come.” I say as we finish the meeting.
“So, technically, you'll both be Alphas.” Noah says as we all start walking out,of the office.
I look at my mate, wrapping my arm around her waist. “We already are.” 
###Chapter 417
The next morning. I was feeling much more like myself. When Eli and I went down to breakfast, I saw immediately what Noah meant about the ‘sprite situation’. Leilani and Lolana were tall. They still glowed like sprites, but they are walking beside Alexander standing over five feet tall if I
had to quess.
“Lady Luna Grace, Lady Luna Grace.” They both exclaim excitedly before embracing me in the bright light of their arms and bodies.
“Oh’ I say, unused to such effusive affection before wrapping my arms around them in an awkward hug.
“Girls, let Luna Grace breathe.” Alexander says and they immediately release me and step back. He wraps an arm around each one as they flank him.
“What? How?” “Look! Look!” They say, pulling their hair aside and showing me their mate marks. A slow smile spreads across my face. “You're mated!” I say, happy for their excitement.
“Yes! Alexander and Fynn wanted us as their mates.” They turn their adoring eyes to Alexander who kisses first one then the other.
“I'm very happy for you, but how are you..tall?”
“Oh, when we have someone that wants us...” “Someone who wants to be our mate forever...
“Then we can take on their form..
“Similar to how you shift into a wolf...
“We can now shift into a human.”
“Alexander said the human side is better than the wolf...” “Easier for us to go out in public-
“Easier for us to mate...”
“So that is the form we chose.”
I step forward, taking one of each of their hands in mine, trying to stop the barrage of information coming from them. Alexander, I note, doesn’t seem overwhelmed at all. He looks perfectly
and happy.
I glance at him before turning to the sprites. “Did Alexander explain to you what it means to be mated to a werewolf?”
“Yes. We are his.”
“And he is ours.”
We don’t share our ligh
with anyone else.”
“And he doesn’t lay with anyone but us. “Well, we can share our light with Fynn.” “But they are really the same.”
“We love Fynn as much as Alexander.”
Fynn starts purring at this announcement and the twins shiver in excitement. Oh goddess, they may look different, but they are just larger versions of the sprites they have always been.
“Alpha Eli and I are very happy for all of you.” I say because I know Eli is gritting his teeth. The bouncing conversation gets on his nerves.
“Alexander, have you given any consideration to where the three of you will live?” Eli asks him.
“Actually, Alpha, I wanted to talk to you about moving the location of my home. The girls would like to be closer to their families and I wanted to see if we could look to build closer to the forest. know Thomas and Tula have been thinking the same thing, if that’s possible.”
Eli nods. “Let’s talk tomorrow. Luna Grace and I have several announcements that may impact our discussion. We'll be having a pack meeting tonight.”
They walk off and we go to get our food. “I was wondering how that whole mate thing would work. I guess now we know.” I say to Eli.
During breakfast, Eli mind links the pack, letting them know about our gathering tonight. I go to Cammy and make sure that we are set for food to feed the entire pack. She tells me that she'll have to increase the food she was planning because as houses are being built and with food available at the market, some pack members are choosing to cook and eat in their own homes
After double checking our food supplies. I head out to the garden.
“Lady Luna Grace, Lady Luna Grace.”
turn as the twins come flitting up to me. Even taller, they look more like they are floating than walking.
“Alexander said we should ask you what we can do to help in the pack.”
“Yes, now that we are part of the pack, we want to help.”
I think for a moment. “What can you do?”
They look at each other,
“We can fly.”
“We can glow in the dark.”
“We can make plants grow.”
“We can.”
“Wait!” I say, holding up a hand. “You can make plants grow?”
“Oh yes.”
“It's easy.”
“We're sprites, after all.”
“So, you could help our garden grow?” I ask.
“Oh yes.” They both nod.
“Let's go see what you can do.” I say before taking them into the garden. Victoria is working this morning. “Hi Victoria. Have you met Leilani and Lolana?” “Not specifically. Nice to meet you both.”
“You as well.” Leilani says, but her attention is on the garden.
“You did all this?” Lolana says, also looking around the garden.
Victoria frowns, looking at me. “There are several of us that work in the garden.”
As we watch, the twins begin walking through the plants, their fingers barely brushing against the plants as they pass. As they touch them, the plants seem to perk up, their color becoming brighter, standing taller and the fruits and vegetables growing on them seems to get bigger in
front of our eyes. 
###Chapter 418
“What the—?” Victoria says in awe.
I have to agree. I knew they were forest sprites, but I didn’t know that meant the plants would respond to them like this. When they return to us, they are looking over the garden happily.
“How did you do that?” Victoria asks them.
“Plants are living things.”
“They work hard, all the time.”
“To grow and to produce food for others.”
“Sometimes, they get tired.”
“Or sad.”
“So, we gave them a little boost with our light.”
“And made them happy again.”
“Well, you're hired.” I tell them.
They turn to me. “Hired to do what?” They ask excitedly.
“You're now in charge of keeping our garden happy.”
They both start jumping up and down excitedly, clapping their hands.
“Oh, that’s so great.”
“We'd love to keep the plants happy.”
“Alexander will be so proud of us.”
“Maybe he'll lick us again.”
“Or do that thing with his hands.”
“Or that thing with...”
+
“OKAY!” I say loudly, cutting them off before I have to hear any more about what Alexander might do with them. “You can discuss that with Alexander later, preferably in private.”
“Thank you, Lady Luna Grace.”
“Nice meeting you Lady Victoria.”
+15 BONDS
“We'll be back tomorrow to see the plants.” They say as they go off, presumably to find Alexander.
After they walk away, Victoria and I look at each other before we both burst into laughter. “Well, it’s never boring in this pack.” Victoria says, pulling off her gloves.
“And let's be honest. I’ve never seen a garden that looked this incredible. They might be a bit strange, but you can’t deny that they are useful.” I say, before turning to head back inside.
As I get close to the back of the packhouse, I see part of our flower bed with flowers that are alternating between looking dead and looking beautiful. I step over and see Tula hiding among the flowers. I hear her sniffle and the flower begins to die before she touches it, and it perks back up
again.
“Tula?”
She startles at my voice. “Oh, Lady Luna Grace. Good morning.” She quickly wipes her eyes before looking up at me.
“Tula, what are you doing out here in the flowers?” I ask, sitting down on the edge of the flower bed.
“I'm sorry, is this a bad place for me to be?” She says, starting to stand up.
“No, no.” I say quickly. “You're welcome to stay here as long as you want. But why are crying.”
you here.
She sits back down and sniffles some more before answering. “You saw Leilani and Lolana?” “Yes, they have a human size now that they've mated with Alexander.”
She nods, not looking at me. She reaches out to touch the wilting flower again. “I’m very happy for them. This is what they’ve always wanted. What we all want. To be loved forever, to be good mates.” She sniffles again.
“Did something happen between you and Thomas?” I ask gently.
“No. Thomas is wonderful. He’s very kind and so sweet to me.” She says, touching another wilting flower.
“Then, what is it?”
“I'm broken.” She says and her voice breaks.
+15 BONOS
“Oh. Tula.” Without thinking about it, I reach out and take her in my hands, sitting her in my lap like a child, wrapping my arm around her. “Thomas knew you didn’t have your wing before he
mated with you. He knew what he was getting into.” I tell her.
She leans her head against my chest, picking at her strange clothing. “But now he’s seen what can happen when we're not broken.”
She lifts her head and looks at me. “I’m happy for my friends, truly I am. I just wish I could be a true mate to Thomas too. He’s been so good to me, but I can never take another form because I’m
missing my wing.”
“Luna! Luna, have you seen.” A panicked Thomas comes running up to me. When he sees Tula
in my lap he stops.
“Tula, I've been looking everywhere for you.” He says, gently pulling her from my lap.
As she starts crying, he holds her close. “Tula. I'm sorry, I didn’t know. It’s okay Tula, I don’t care that you can’t change form.” “I'm going to let you two talk.” I say, running my hand down Tula’s hair.
“But just remember Tula, wolves mate for life. Thomas doesn’t care about anything other tha having you in his life. You are the most important thing to him.” She nods her head against hi
neck.
‘Thank you, Luna.” Thomas mouths to me. I nod before turning to head inside.
I need to speak to King Ailduin. I want to know if there is a way that we can heal Tula. Cooper
Author
Two of the three sprites are mated. Poor Tula.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 419
When Grace goes to check on the packhouse, I grab hold of my patience and head to the border. When I get there, I can see that there are a bunch of sprites racing beside the patrols as they run the borders. I can’t tell if they’re playing or trying to help.
I walk up to the border. “Funichio? Fanella?” I call. I have no idea how to get their attention, but based on everything I’ve learned about them, their fascination with us would keep them close to
our borders. “Sir Alpha Eli!” They exclaim excitedly as they rush over to where I am. “Good morning. I wanted to speak with you about some disturbing things that have happened and ask for your assistance.”
After filling them in about the hunters and getting their very enthusiastic agreement to meet with one of the ranked members every day to give us an update on any strange sightings. I head back to the packhouse.
When I get back, I have the contract for the land from the elders. I call Carlos over and look at the land lines to make sure it meets the criteria we need to build with the addition of Edgar Winter's pack. By the time we have reviewed the land and identified areas where we can build homes, it's afternoon and getting close to the time of the pack meeting.
I head upstairs and find Grace getting ready as well. I walk over, taking her in my arms and kissing her briefly before heading to our closet. “How was your day?”
She tells me about her concern for Tula and wanting to speak to Ailduin. “You need to continue your training with him and your Guardian sisters. As much as you were able to do the other day, it took a toll on all three of you. If, or when, they come back, I don’t want it to drain you like that. Why don’t we have him to come here next time. That way he can see Tula and you can get some training in.”
“Tl call him first thing in the morning. How about you? Are you ready for this pack meeting? There’s a lot to tell our people.”
“I'm ready. Our pack is resilient and flexible. I’m not too worried about how they will respond to taking on your father’s pack. I’m more concerned about the hunters. I did speak to Funichio and Fanella. They will watch the forest and report daily to us.”
As Grace and I walk out back to get on the stage that has been set up for our pack meeting. I can smell the food cooking in the kitchen. “Something smells delicious.”
+15 BONOS
“Cammy is amazing. She's doing a great job.”
As we walk outside, we can see that the mood is calm, relaxed. Our pack members are talking and laughing with each other. I take Grace’s hand and we move to the stage.
“I
“Good afternoon, everyone.” I say to get their attention.
I receive a chorus of “Good afternoon, Alpha’ in return.
“We have much to discuss this afternoon. Some very good things and some not so good things. Afterward, our kitchen staff have put together a fantastic smelling dinner, so please plan to stay and have dinner in the dining hall.”
“First, as you know, 20 of us went to compete in the Tournament of the Moon Goddess. While we do not have the final rankings, I am please to announce that Safe Haven Pack placed in the top three.” Cheering and howling followed this announcement.
I gesture to Carlos. “Your own Beta, Carlos, took first place in the Beta competition.” More cheering, howling and this time, back thumping of Carlos.
“In addition, Warrior Ezra won on the warrior day against over 3300 warriors who participated. from all over the nation. Because of this, he has been named our Lead Warrior.” The back thumping shifts to Ezra along with more cheering and howling. 
###Chapter 420
Chapter 0420 “Your Luna and I are very proud of our pack and the showing of our members. No one will question the validity of our pack now.”
“However, many of you may have heard that we were attacked by hunters on the last day of the tournament.” A collective gasp. Apparently, several pack members hadn't heard that bit of news. In a well-planned, tactical attack, over 1100 hunters attempted to take out all ranked members of the North American packs. What they didn’t expect was to come up against three Guardians.” I turn to Grace, pulling her into my side.
“Your Luna with her Guardian sisters saved the lives of countless wolves two days ago. Unfortunately, several hunters escaped. We can expect that they will go to their leaders and report on the power and strength of the Guardians. When they do, they will come for your Luna and her sisters.” This elicited snarls and growls from the crowd. I raise my hands for quiet.
“Your new Lead Warrior, Ezra, is responsible for doubling our patrols. In addition, we will need to clear out and supply the old safe rooms and bunkers. I know that we are all very busy. You've all been working extremely hard to bring this pack back to its former glory. You have all pitched in and helped each other and I’m asking that you continue to work together to prepare our pack in the event that we are attacked.” Not surprisingly, most everyone nods, and I don’t hear any grumbling. Our pack members are used to having to work hard every day. At least now they are. getting some benefit from it.
“Any questions so far?” I field a few questions, letting them know that Grace and Summer will be in charge of setting up the cleaning and supply plans for the bunkers and safe rooms.
“Next, you all know that your Luna is an Alpha female by birth. Her father banished her when she was 12 because she didn’t have her wolf. While we were at the tournament, your Luna challenged her father over rights to his pack.” There is absolute silence as everyone turns their attention from me to Grace.
“We expect that your Luna will win the battle and therefore, we will be absorbing nearly 175 additional pack members in the next couple of weeks. I know that this will make things crowded for awhile and it will be an adjustment on both sides. We have made an agreement with the werewolf elders to obtain the land between us and the Canyon Ridge and Shadow Falls packs. Our borders will now bump up against theirs. The elders agreed that if we give them the pack lands from your Luna’s previous pack, they will give us the land we’ve requested in an equal trade.”
“Therefore, as you consider where you might want to build your homes, we will have an expanded territory to choose from in the very near future.”
+15 BONDS
“Questions?” I field some questions about when the battle will take place, what will happen if the pack chooses not to follow Grace, and some other similar types of questions.
I pause and look at c
“Lastly, the next mate gathering will be held here as you know. That will occur in two weeks‘ time. It is an opportunity to showcase to our neighboring packs what we have done here and still plan to do with our pack. Obviously, we will have new pack members that will be adjusting to their move at that event and...” shaking my head slightly. “Your Luna has invited another pack to attend. This pack has an Alpha female that is looking for her mate, and her father is looking for this person to replace him as Alpha.” There is a lot of excited chatter about this opportunity.
I raise my hands for quiet. “That is all for tonight. Dinner will be served in the dining hall. Everyone enjoy your evening.” Cooper Author
“Som So much change coming to this pack in the near future! 5
###Chapter 421
After dinner, Eli and I went up to our room. “Baby, what do you need to prepare for your battle with your father?”
I turn and look at him, confused. “What do you mean? There’s no way he’s going to defeat me.
He walks over, pulling my hips against his, putting his forehead on mine. “Grace, every Alpha there saw what you can do. There is no way your father is going to fight fair. He’s lost before the battle begins. So, what do you think he would do?”
I understand what he means. If my father intends to fight me for the pack, he knows he can’t beat me outright. “What do you think he will do?”
“Well, I think we need to make sure that the battle is as fair as possible. We're going to bring some of our pack members with us. But I also want to talk to Alpha Anders. He’s an elder and if he’s there, it would mean that any cheating would immediately disqualify your father from the challenge.”
“Do you think Alpha Anders would be willing to come with us?”
“All we can do is ask.” Eli says.
The next day, I speak to Cara and Angel and they are happy to have our next training session with King Ailduin at our pack. “It will give us a chance to take a look at your new shops!” Cara says
excitedly.
“Well, if you come next weekend for the mate gathering, you can take a look at our new clothing store. Anna makes clothes to order, as well as some that she is making to sell off the rack. But Lily could have her own, one-of-a-kind outfit, handmade by a seamstress.” I tell her excitedly. I had walked the new ‘main street’ yesterday and can see that it is coming together beautifully. One of our kitchen omegas opened a coffee and pastry shop, and there are three other stores that are nearing completion.
“Richie, too!” Angel says excitedly. “Yes, Richie, too.” I laugh.
“We could come early to shop, stay for dinner then head back. Then the following weekend, we would be back to pick up our baby clothes.”
Afterward, I called King Ailduin. I talked to him about having the next training session in our pack.” There’s something else I wanted to speak to you about Ailduin.” When I tell him about Tula, he says there may be something he can do, but he’ll need to see her injury when he’s here.
I met with Summer to make sure we have enough space for our new pack members, but now we're also going to be hosting another pack for our mate gathering. Thankfully, there are many rooms that have emptied out with the completion of the homes. We decide to put Alpha
Christopher and his daughter on our floor and any other ranked members will have to be divided between the Beta and Gamma floors.
Several pack members approached Eli and I to volunteer to take in the new pack members until they can get their homes built. With everyone working together, I think it can be done.
Eli spoke to Alpha Anders and he agreed to join us for the challenge. He agreed that it was likely. that my father would try to cheat and having an elder would ensure that things were fair.
The week went by quickly. There is still so much to do, and building homes is exhausting work. Eli and I were back to working long hours and falling into bed seconds before our eyes closed.
The night before the challenge, Eli insisted that I stop work early. “You need your rest. I know you don’t need to practice to defeat your father, but you still need some rest. You're not a machine, baby.” He ordered dinner in our room, so we had some quiet, alone time.
“How are you feeling about tomorrow?” He asks me, watching me intently.
I shrug. “I guess I have mixed feelings about it. On one hand, he’s my father and I wish I wasn’t in a position where this challenge had to happen. On the other, he did this to himself. He did this by banishing me, hurting my mother and taking another mate. Every time I begin to feel sorry for him, I remember my mother, clutching her chest, rolling on the floor in pain. Or I remember that last moment, when she seemed to realize something was wrong, right before her heart stopped. When I remember that, I realize, there is no one else that can do this. That pack is my right. If he had been the kind of father he should have been, he would have passed the pack, to me. But he isn’t that person, and I’m not the person I used to be. If he doesn’t submit, I will kill him.”
“Can you live with that?” Eli asks me softly.
“Yes, I can now. I wouldn’t have always been able to say that. But, when I take the anger and hurt away, I still see a man who has abused his position as Alpha, who abused the mate bond given to him by the Moon Goddess and who abused the privilege of being a father.”
“No matter what happens tomorrow, I'll be there for you.” Eli tells me before pulling me into his lap.
I curl up against him and just let him hold me while I think about tomorrow.
The next morning. Anders shows up early. “Alpha Anders. Thank you for taking time to come with us today.” HS
BONOS.
“Of course. Luna. It’s my pleasure and I think we can both agree, it's much needed.”
“Yes, unfortunately. And please, call me Grace.”
“Only if you call me Anders.”
By 7am, our caravan is on its way to my father’s pack. It’s nearly 3 hours to get to his pack lands. As we drive through what used to be my home, I can’t believe the change. The homes that once were fresh and vibrant looking with blooming flowers and plants, now look nearly dilapidated. Paint is peeling on the outside of the houses, the streets are cracked with potholes, the grass is unkempt and overgrown.
As we turn to down the road to the pack house, the difference is startling. The pack house is sparkling on the outside. green lawns with flowering plants all around the entrance and driveway. Eli looks at me and shakes his head.
Cooper
Author 
###Chapter 422
Double Grace update! Chapter 0422
When we park and exit our vehicles, we are greeted by my father’s mate. She is clutching my half- brother to her chest and has a fading bruise on her cheekbone. I’m familiar with the look of a woman’s face after my father’s beatings. I saw it on my mother’s face for over a year.
I walk up to her, carefully taking in my surroundings. There should be others here, if not in greeting, at least as a show of force. Where is everyone?
“Luna. I’m sorry, I didn’t get your name last week.”
“Luna Grace. I’m Paisley. I am no longer Luna of this pack. I rejected my mate after last weekend.” I lower my voice, putting a hand on her arm gently. “Are you alright?”
She nods, tears in her eyes. “Please believe me, I didn’t know.” She whispers with a shaky voice.
“I know. As I said last week, you are welcome to come with us to our pack. Alpha Eli and I w accept you.” I turn, lifting my arm toward Eli so he would know to come join us.
“As my Luna said last week, you are more than welcome in our pack.” Eli assures her. “What is my brother’s name?” I ask, looking at the toddler sleeping in his mother’s arms. Her smile is genuine. “This is Levi.” I pat his back before looking around.
“Where is everyone?”
Her smile drops. “They are out back waiting for you.” Her voice drops. “Please be careful He knows he can’t defeat you one—on—
one. “Don’t worry, we’ve brought witnesses and an elder.” I point to Anders and her eyes widen. “This way, and please excuse the mess.”
“Mess' is not the word I would have used. While the outside of the packhouse is pristine, the inside is in shambles. It looked like someone had taken a sledgehammer to it.
“Alpha Edgar was on edge after your meeting last week and then, after 1, well, now he’s not exactly thinking clearly.”
We walk through the dark packhouse to the back. I can see that the entire pack has been called to watch the fight. They are standing around and the anxiety in the air is palpable.
“Finally, the unworthy brat arrives to try and take what is mine.” I hear my father’s voice, dripping with contempt, as I step outside. I can see him swinging swords around as it practicing for a
sword fight. When he looks at me, his eyes look wild. I don’t know which was more devastating. realizing that I’m alive and a Guardian or being rejected by his mate. Regardless, my father looks.
like he’s gone mad. Eli steps up on one side of me, and Anders on the other. “Alpha Edgar. You are aware that
weapons are not allowed during a challenge. You may battle as a human or a wolf, but weapons will immediately disqualify you.” Anders says.
My father’s lip curls in a snarl as he turns his gaze from Anders to me. “You brought an elder.”
“I didn’t trust that you would fight fair, Alpha. It's not like you haven't hidden the horrible things that you've done in your past from the pack.”
My focus had been on my father since I stepped outside, but as I look around the pack, I can see that they are all shocked to see that I’m still alive. I don’t know what my father told them about me leaving the pack, but he must not have told them that it was me that was challenging him today.
As I look, my heart breaks for my old pack members. They all look disheveled and in disarray. They are dirty, their clothes look old and tattered and they look like they haven’t been fed properly
in a while. “Today, I come to take back what is rightfully mine, father. As the true heir to the Laurel River Pack, I challenge you, Edgar Winters, to a duel for the right to lead this pack.”
I step forward as my father tosses his swords aside. I have come dressed to fight, in a sports bra and leggings. I choose to fight barefoot, in case I need to shift. My father looks like a human
soldier. He’s covered in padding and clothing, which will make it difficult for him to shift. Myp
pack follows behind me, closing the circle around my father and me. I take a deep breath and wait for him. I don’t expect that it will take long, and I’m not disappointed. He rushes at me, swinging his arms. The clothing he’s wearing is limiting his range of motion and I easily sidestep, swinging a punch around to his back which sends him stumbling to the ground.
I turn, waiting for him to get up. He’s heaving, like we've been fighting for hours. He pulls off the top layer of clothing, giving himself more freedom of movement. “You always were a bitch, just like your whore of a mother.”
He comes at me again, this time he aims for my face. I block his punch, throwing an uppercut of my own and knocking his head
back with a snap. He stumbles backward but doesn’t fall. “The only whore around here, is you, Alpha.”
He snarls at me, spit flying from his mouth as he comes at me again. He looks rabid and crazed, his eyes wide, his pupils dilated almost to black. This time he swings his leg out, trying to knock me to the ground. I jump over his leg, swinging my own around and kicking him in his head.
+15 BONDS I stand back, letting him get back up. He wipes his face with his hand, before spitting blood on the ground.
“You can’t have what is mine.” He snarls, flying at me again. This time, he pulls a knife from somewhere inside his pants, stabbing me in my stomach. “Die bitch.” He says and I can smell his rancid breath he’s so close. I hear Eli yelling from behind me.
I grab him, so he can’t step back. “I’m a Guardian. I’m immune to wolfsbane and resistant to silver, you poor excuse for an Alpha.”
I take my hand, punching it into his chest. Maia’s claws extend and wrap around his heart, and I know her eyes are glowing in mine. I can feel his heart beating in my hand and his eyes widen as he realizes he’s about to die.
“Do you feel that, Alpha? That feeling that someone is about to rip your heart from your chest? That's the feeling my mother had every day for years, you son of a bitch.”
I rip my father’s heart out of his chest, letting him fall to the ground at my feet. Cooper Author Wow! Grace finally got revenge on her father.
Updates occur daily. 
###Chapter 423
My heart stops when I see Alpha Edgar stab Grace with a knife. I know she’s strong, but a knife wound is still serious. We could all tell that he had lost it. He looks and is acting like a crazed wolf. Even if we weren't here for the challenge, he’d have to be put down. He’s a liability.
When Grace pulls his heart from his chest, I run up to her, pulling the knife from her stomach. I expect her to fall, but instead, she turns around to face the pack. As much as I want to take care of my mate, I know she needs to do this. I step back, staying close in case she needs me.
“Does anyone here contest my rank as your new Alpha?” She asks in a voice that rings with strength and power, making me even more proud of her. You'd never know she’s bleeding and was just stabbed in the stomach. She raises her father’s heart, still in her hand, before crushing it and tossing it to the ground.
No one speaks, but everyone in the Laurel River Pack bends the knee, showing their necks in submission to my mate. “Anyone that does not wish to follow me and my mate may leave. But these lands no longer belong to Laurel River. The council has traded these lands for an extension to our existing pack. Anyone who chooses to become part of the Safe Haven Pack will be provided transportation to your new pack and given lodging and food until you can get on your feet.”
I'm thankful we brought Noah and Sirona with us, leaving Carlos and Amber to run the pack in our absence. When Grace finishes her speech, I scoop her up, unable to wait to look after her any longer. I take her to Sirona, who immediately begins cleaning the wound.
“You did great baby. I’m so proud of you.” I tell her.
“These people are hungry and don’t seem to have sufficient housing or clothing. As usual, Alpha, we have our work cut out for us.” She says, as Sirona finishes looking her over.
“Well, Luna, you are already healing. It’s a good thing you have that immunity, or that could have been a lot worse.”
“Let's go around and talk to people. Sirona, I want you to come along as well, in case anyone needs medical treatment.” Grace says, before turning to me. “How many can we take back today?”
I look back at our vans. “Forty to fifty. We'll have to triage and take the ones that most need assistance, the elderly and those with young pups.”
We spend the rest of the day deciding who will go to Safe Haven today. Several pack members are malnourished. The omegas seem the most impacted, which is not uncommon. We load up the ones that need medical attention first and send them back with Sirona. The second and third vans take groups of elderly that look frail and starved and young pups that need food and baby
supplies. I send Noah and Anders back with those vans. Anders was here to assist with the challenge and while I appreciate his assistance, he has his own work to do. +15 RONDS
Grace and I plan to stay overnight in order to allow a couple more individuals to go to our pack. with the expectation that our teams will be sending the vans back again tomorrow. After getting everyone settled for the night or sent back to Safe Haven, we set out to see what is still
salvageable from the packhouse.
The kitchen has been demolished. The refrigerator and freezers ruined causing food to spoil. I send out some of our warriors to hunt and they bring back a couple of deer. We start a fire and with the help of some pack members, we’re able to at least have some meat for dinner. Grace and I wait until the pack has eaten their fill before eating. They need it more than we do. Tomorrow when our vans arrive, they will be bringing food and clothing for our new pack members.
That night, we go through the Alpha’s room and offices. We find stashes of money, hordes of food that we prepare to set out tomorrow and the files of the pack members. All of that will have to come back with us to go through as we have time.
“There must be over $100,000 stuffed in different places. What was he doing? Why wouldn't he use this to help his pack? It makes no sense.”
“Baby, your father wasn’t himself. I don’t know how long he was this way, or if he always was. but at least now, we can correct his wrongs.”
It's early morning before I find some bedding that I lay on the floor and try to create a place for us to rest for a few hours. “Grace, come lay down. We need some sleep before another long day tomorrow.”
Grace comes and curls up against me, laying her head on my chest. “Is there anything here that you want to take with us?” I ask her, rubbing her shoulders and back.
“No. There is nothing here for me. Nothing of my mother or me.”
She sighs heavily. “Will we always be working this hard? Always taking on so much at one time? It feels like the mountain we are climbing is never-ending.”
I kiss the top of her head. “No, I don’t think so. We've overcome so much already. Look at what we've done, baby. We've created a new pack. Our pack members are happy and healthy which hasn't always been their life. We are building homes and businesses so our pack can thrive. We're helping our pack members find their mates, so they can start families and have the lives they’ve always wanted. Does it sometimes look different than what I expected? Definitely. I would never have thought sprites would be a part of my life or my pack. Did I expect that we would acquire a second pack within months of confirming our own pack? No, but here we are.”
I pull her chin up so she’s looking at me. “But we can do anything together. We ARE doing all of -15 BONOS
this together. We aren't just making a better life for ourselves, we're making a better life for our pack, and our future pups. It’s hard now, but it will be so worth it in the end. And with you by my
side, I know we can never fail.”
I kiss her nose as she smiles up at me. “How did you get to be so smart?”
I smirk down at her. “Well, according to my beautiful mate, I’m old. And, with age, comes knowledge.”
And my sweet mate bursts out laughing just as I’d hoped she would.
Cooper Author
Do you love these moments between Grace and Eli as much as I do?
?
US KAKA
###Chapter 424
The next morning, I wake up stiff and sore. Not only did I get stabbed yesterday, bat we only got a few hours of sleep with a couple of blankets to soften the hard floor. Thankfully, my mate let me curl up against him to stay warm. His scent and the mate bond helping me to heal overnight.
When we go out to share the food we found last night, I can tell that some of the pack members have left, most notably, my father’s Beta. I’m not upset about losing some members. Anyone who leaves now is saving me from having a battle later in our pack. If they can’t agree to having Ell and I as their Alphas, then they need to find someplace else to live. And my father’s Beta knew what my father was doing to me and my mother all those years ago, and he did nothing. Anyone that can live with that, won’t last in my pack.
As the pack is eating. Noah returns with the caravan, ready to take another group back to our pack. We've already established the plan for today and as much as possible, the vans will be
making two trips. It will make for a long day, but at least everyone will be fed and sleep in a warm bed tonight.
We start packing up the vans, helping families pack up their belongings. Any furniture that they want will have to wait. Eli ordered a moving truck, but it won’t be here until later today. He and I agreed that we'd take any salvageable furniture or equipment and hand it off to Jeremy to see what he could do with it.
We send a couple bags of money back with Noah in the first run, his eyebrows raise when he realizes what he was carrying. “There’s more, but let's break it into smaller amounts, just in case something happens.”
By 9am, the first group of vans are packed and on their way back to Safe Haven. By noon, the moving truck arrives, and we begin packing up the furniture from all our new pack members. By 4pm, the vans return. We're still packing the last of the furniture and Eli and I wait until everyone has found a space in a van and all the furniture is packed up before we find space in the last van
headed back home.
It's been an exhausting day, and only a few minutes into the drive, I fall asleep. Eli gently shakes me as we pass into our territory. When we pull up, I see that Carlos and Amber have everything under control. They are directing people to the pack members that will be housing them temporarily.
“I want to check on the people that came back with Sirona yesterday. I'll catch up to you later. I still need to check in with Cammy to make sure we have enough food and don’t need to go shopping tomorrow.”
?+15 BONOS Eli reaches down and kisses me. “I'll double check to make sure everyone is settled in the packhouse and there aren't any issues with the housing arrangements.”
When I arrive at the pack hospital, I can see that there are several rooms still in use. I search for Sirona, finding her talking to one of the medical students. She looks up when she hears me.
“Luna, welcome back. I wasn’t sure you'd be back tonight.” “Thank you, it’s good to be home. What’s the status of our wounded.”
She begins taking me room by room. Several are young that are malnourished and dehydrated. They should be released in another day or two. The same for a couple of elderly that just need a few days with food and fluids to recover. In the last room is Paisley.
“Your father didn’t accept her rejection, so while she rejected him, his death has made her weak.”
“What about her son?”
“Levi is fine. We’re keeping him close and letting her see him any time she wants. She just can’t hold him for very long. He’s an active toddler and I wasn’t sure she'd survive the trip back. But she’s strong and she has a will to live.”
###Chapter 425
I walk into the room, closing the door behind me. I go sit in the chair beside her bed, taking her hand.
“Hello, Luna.” She says and her voice is hoarse.
“Paisley. I spoke to Gamma Sirona. Is there anything I can do?”
“No. I was hoping that it wouldn’t be this bad, but.
I reach out, touching her arm. “You can take as long as you need. I'll help you in any way you need. Everyone in the pack will. That’s the kind of pack this is, we help each other.”
“Thank you, Luna.” She’s quiet for a moment, then looks up at me. “You’ve seen the mate bond on both sides. What you have with Alpha Eli makes it seem like the mate bond is special, good, what we're told as pups that it’s supposed to be. What I had with your father was not that. He wasn’t a bad mate, but he wasn’t a good mate either. But now, knowing what he did to your mother and to you, I don’t know that I could ever trust the mate bond again.”
“When I met Eli, I didn’t want a mate. I didn’t want to suffer the way I watched my mother suffer for years. It felt like she was forced to endure a life that she no longer wanted.” I shrug, looking at
her. “But Eli is different. I don’t think it’s the bond that makes the difference, I think it's the person. I
know, in my heart, that Eli would never treat me the way my father treated my mother. He has too much respect for me, and I have that same respect for him. Somewhere along the way. I fell in love with him, not just because of the bond. I fell in love with the person he is. The things that he believes in are the things that I believe in. that I want in my life. His dreams of a better life are the same as mine. I think that’s what makes the difference. The bond draws us together, but it’s the person that makes the bond worthwhile.”
I stand, knowing she needs her rest. “I know you're hurting, and you have a lot to work through. but don’t completely rule out the possibility of finding your second chance mate. Who knows, you may find your fated mate. But heal first, focus on your son, and maybe, like me, it will just happen.
for you.
I reach down and gently hug her. “I'll be back to check on you tomorrow. And your son is being well taken care of. You just worry about getting healthy for him.”
When I leave the hospital. I head over to the packhouse kitchens.
“Cammy!”
+15 BONOS
“Luna.” She looks exhausted.
“I know we've added a bunch of people, what do you need?” I ask her.
“More hours in the day?” She says jokingly.
“If only! I think we could all use that.”
“It was a lot at first, but Beta Amber sent some folks out to get food. Gamma Noah had some money, so we were able to stock up and prepare food for everyone.”
“Excellent. It'll be chaotic for a while, but...”
She shrugs. “We're kind of used to that around here, right?”
I laugh. “Definitely. Eli and I will be talking to the new pack members tomorrow, so hopefully I
have some additional help for you very quickly.”
“That would be great. And Luna, when things settle down a bit, I'd like to talk to you about something else.”
“I will make time whenever you are ready.” I tell her.
I head up to my room, ready for a shower then a good night's sleep, in my own bed, with my ma curled up around me.
Cooper
Author
Poor Paisley! 
###Chapter 426
Chapter 0426 After checking in with Carlos that everyone has been assigned a place to stay temporarily, I walk
around the packhouse making sure that everyone is getting settled and has everything they need. Once I see that each room is full and they have bedding and clothing. I head out to walk around
the pack.
I stop by all the houses that have volunteered to house the newcomers and check that the new pack members are settled and there aren’t any problems. Most everyone seems to be adjusting and settling in.
When I return to the packhouse. I find my mate already asleep in our bed. I shower off the grime from the last couple of days and join her, falling quickly to sleep.
The next morning over breakfast, I call a meeting for all the new pack members as well as the ranked members, excluding Sirona who is still taking care of those in the hospital.
“Good morning, everyone and welcome to Safe Haven Pack. I hope you slept well and have full bellies.” There is a lot of low rumbled agreement. I introduce the ranked members to the new pack.
“As you have seen, our pack is in the process of rebuilding. This means that you have the opportunity to build your own home.” I explain to them the payment and repayment requirements. of building their homes.
“In addition, you will be assigned to a work detail within the pack. If you have a skill set that you feel is marketable, you can let me or Beta Carlos know and we will get you on the list to have a storefront built on our new Main Street. Otherwise, we have plenty of work within the pack that needs to be done. Over the next couple of days while you are getting settled in and learning the boundaries of our pack lands, your ranked members will be meeting with you, assessing your skills and assigning you to your place in the pack. Any questions?”
I answer some questions about the work they used to do and if they will still be doing that. payment for their work and things like that. After all the questions are answered. I turn it over to Grace.
“We are happy to have all of you here, and you are welcome, as long as you follow the rules of this pack. You will respect your ranked members and we will respect you. You can ask anyone here if they are mistreated, and they will tell you that they are not. That goes for everyone in the pack. This pack is called Safe Haven for a reason. If you have a disagreement with someone, you either work it out with them, or if you can’t, you come to one of your ranked members. Violence is not allowed. Abuse of any kind, to anyone, is not allowed. If you are found being abusive to anyone
within the pack, you will be punished and given a warning. If it happens again, you will be banished. If you do not think that you can live under these rules, you are free to leave. However, if you agree to this life, one that you and your pack will build together, then we will be holding a ceremony tomorrow night for you to swear your allegiance to Safe Haven and officially join our
pack.” “If you have any further questions, feel free to join us up here and we'll be happy to answer your
questions. Otherwise, enjoy the day, please feel free to walk around the pack, see what we are building here and talk to the other pack members.” I tell them before dismissing them.
We had about 150 come back with us. I don’t know that all of them will stay, but many have pups
and would be safer in a pack than on their own. Several pack members come up, wanting to start working right away. They appreciate the ability to build their own homes and make money for the work they do, and they want to get started as soon as possible. For those that can work in construction, I send them out with Noah to have Perry find work for them. Several are carpenters,
and I call Jeremy over to assess their skills and see if they can work for him.
While we have taken in many omegas, they are still recovering and will need another day or two before they can begin working. However, their desire to work and make sure that they show their
worth in the pack is strong so Grace and Amber set them up to meet with Cammy and Summer to see what they can do. Grace called Anna over as well, so I’m assuming we have some seamstresses in the new group.
After the first day in the pack, we lost another 30 wolves, most of those were unmated males, but we lost some older couples that didn’t seem too keen on building a life from scratch.
On the second night, we had a pack ceremony, and 105 wolves of age swore their allegiance t
our pack. The other 14 had not yet gotten their wolves and would have to wait until they are older. We had a big celebration with lots of food and music to celebrate the new pack members joining
our group. At the end of the night, I reminded everyone that we would be having a mate gathering this weekend and that several packs would be joining us as well as the sprites that are looking for
mates.
The new pack members were as fascinated with the sprites as everyone else when they first saw them, as it was impossible to miss Leilani and Lolana walking around with Alexander, or Tula perched on Thomas's shoulder.
I asked Alexander about his mate mark. I noticed that while he had marked the twins, he didn’t have a mark on his neck. He told me that the sprites mark differently. Because their mate is so important to them, they mark them over their heart. He had pulled off his shirt and shown me the two interlocking circles on his chest, above his heart, one for each mate. They glow with the same
+15 BONOS
light that seems to shine from the sprites. Alexander said they shared their light and now they can feel his emotions just as he can feel theirs. He told me the circle represents their undying love. since it has no end, no boundaries. I’m not a huge fan of the sprites, but even I have to admit that their love for their mate is admirable.
As the day and the festivities wind down, I pull my mate into my lap and just take a moment to enjoy the peace of the evening, the happiness of the pack and the love I have for my own mate.
Cooper Author
Safe Haven continues to grow! 
###Chapter 427
By the end of the week, everyone seemed to have settled into their new roles. All of the omegas were medically cleared and positions within the pack were found for them. I met with Cammy after the Lead Omega in the kitchen at my father’s pack asked if she could split shifts with her.
“Cammy, I wanted to talk to you about Melinda’s request to split shifts. I don’t want you to feel like I’m undermining you or your role, but I was thinking that it would be good for you to have
more time in your day.” I say when we meet in my office.
“Actually Luna, I had wanted to talk with you about something else and this is the perfect time. I know that many people in the pack are getting the opportunity to open a business and I wanted to
talk to you about the possibility of me doing that as well.” “What kind of business are you thinking of starting, Cammy?
“Well, Luna, I've always wanted to open my own diner. I’m good at managing the kitchens and I know how to schedule staff. I've been playing around with some new menu ideas, but I would
need someone to help me manage the business side of things.”
“Cammy. I think that’s a great idea! Everyone loves the food you make now, and I just know you
would do well with a diner.”
“Really?”
“Absolutely! What do you need to get started? Do you have someone that can help you run the business?” “Well, no. I wasn’t sure you would agree to me opening the diner, but now I'll have to find
someone to help me. Unless you have any ideas?”
I look at her a moment, thinking. It's been months. In the beginning. I kept in touch with Benny at least weekly, but things had gotten so hectic, that I hadn’t spoken to him in way too long. When I last spoke to him, he was thinking of selling his diner and retiring. So, he might be willing to come out of retirement and move to the pack lands. I’d have to talk to Eli about it. It would mean we’d have to tell him about us, but Benny is an older, single man. He has no family and he doesn’t have anything to lose by moving here. He’s never been one to gossip or tell someone’s secrets, so it shouldn’t be a problem.
“I may have someone that can help you with that, but I need to talk to a few people first. How about, for now, we go see Alpha Eli and put your name on the list of a storefront. That will give you some time to start planning and give me time to see if the person I have in mind will work out.”
We walk to Eli’s office and he’s just as encouraging about her opening a diner as I am. He puts her on the list, telling her it will be about 3 months before her diner could be completed. When she leaves. I bring up my thought about Benny.
“Call him. See if he’s agreeable. If he’s willing to move here, we'll deal with how to tell him.” “Thank you, Alpha.” I say, winking at him before sashaying my hips out his door, eliciting a low rumbling growl from my mate.
“Later, Little Alpha.” He mind links me, before sending me an explicit image of what he plans to do to me. It’s so specific that heat goes straight to my core, causing my panties to go damp.
“Keep it up, Alpha and the entire packhouse will know that you're turning me on.” I reply through the mind link.
“Come back in here and I'll take care of that for you.” He growls through the mind link. It’s been too long and he’s got my body aching, so I turn, walking back into his office and locking the door. I thank the goddess for dresses when he has me up against the wall and is sliding inside me less
than a minute later.
Twenty minutes later, I’m feeling much more relaxed as I call Benny. “Hello.”
“Hey Benny, it’s Grace.”
“Grace! I’ve been worrying about you. How are you?”
“I'm good. Things have been crazy. How’s retirement?”
“Boring as shit! I don’t know why I ever thought I wanted to retire.”
I smile. I knew he'd hate it. He’s too use to being a busybody.
“Well, what would you say to coming out of retirement?”
“I'm listening.”
“Well, I have a friend that is thinking of opening a diner. She's got the food part down but
doesn’t know anything about running a business. I thought maybe, if you were bored—
“When do you want me there? And where is there?”
I talk to Benny for a few more minutes before agreeing to meet with him in a couple of weeks. Later than night, Alpha Christopher arrives with his daughter and several other pack members for the mate gathering tomorrow. Eli and I meet them out front of the packhouse.
“Alpha Christopher, it’s nice to see you again.” I say warmly as he gets out of his car. He looks around before coming over, bringing his daughter with him. 
###Chapter 428
he gets out of his car. He looks around before coming over, bringing his daughter with him. Chapter 0428 “Alpha Eli, Luna Grace, allow me to introduce my daughter, Anastasia.”
We spend the evening getting to know Anastasia and spending time with Alpha Christopher. He is interested in what we’ve been doing with the pack and Eli gives him a tour. Anastasia is very sweet, but not what I’d expect from an Alpha female. She’s very proper, what you might consider gentile. Or maybe, that’s how most Alpha females are, and I’m the one that doesn’t lit the mold. Either way, she’s very nice and I hope she finds her mate this weekend.
The next morning. I check in with Cammy and Melinda. They will make sure that we have enough food for the nearly 400 unmated pack members and sprites that will be here this evening. I'm finishing my review of the food and drink menu when I hear the front door of the packhouse open.
“Hello? Grace? Your sisters are here and ready to shop!” I hear Cara and Angel singing as they come in the door. I head out to meet them, rushing over to my sisters and having a group hug.
“Let me grab my bag and we can head out. Oh but, I still don’t know how to drive, so one of you has to drive, unless you want to walk?”
“Let's walk, I want to see what you have going on in the pack.” Cara says. “Yeah, Liam says you've got all sorts of buildings going up, not just homes.” Angel adds.
So, we walk around the pack, I show them the hospital, the homes that have been built as we walk to Main Street. They start in the market, buying bags of food. Then we go into Jeremy's store where he has a couple of items on display, showing what he and his employees can build. They both put in orders for desks and chairs, even knowing that it will be a couple of months before he can get to it. Angel puts in an order for a crib as well.
“Won't Richie be too old for a crib by the time it’s done?” I ask her.
“Richie will be, but this little one won't.” She says, rubbing her stomach.
Cara and I squeal and hug her again. “Congratulations!”
“Thank you!”
“It was when Liam carried you into the forest at the tournament, wasn't it?” Cara asks, narrowing her eyes at her.
She just shrugs. “It was definitely at the tournament, but I don’t know if it was that time or not. Either way, we’re pretty certain this one is going to be a girl.”
“How do you know?” I ask. +15 DONOS
“Liam could smell Richie almost immediately. He can’t get a good scent on this little one. We think it's because she has a scent similar to mine.” She explains. Maia agrees, but she can smell the increased scent of raspberries. Definitely a girl.
We start walking next door to
Anna’s clothing store. “Well, that’s good. Maybe this one will look remotely like you. If you hadn’t birthed Richie, no were his mom.” Caral
cave says. ne would believe..
“I know! But I love having a little version of Liam. I'll be thrilled if my little girl is happy and healthy. I don’t care who she looks like.” She says as we walk into the store.
Immediately, Cara and Angel are entranced with the items that Anna has been able to put together and place on her racks. Having several new employees has definitely helped her inventory. After putting in orders for their children, a couple outfits for Angel's newest baby and an outfit for each of them, the three of us head back to the packhouse.
We meet up with Rik, Liam, Eli, Alpha Christopher and Anastasia for dinner. The area behind the packhouse has been decorated for the mate gathering and there is music, lights and areas for people to meet, talk and eat. There are several sprites in attendance and some quickly obvious
mate matches.
As Eli expected, Anastasia’s presence has caused quite a stir, but as the night goes on, it doesn’t appear that her mate is here. She's gracious and kind, but you can tell she’s disappointed.
“Well, it was worth a shot, and it looks like some of my other pack members found their mates tonight, so it’s not a total loss.” Alpha Christopher says as the evening begins to die down. Mates have gone off to get to know each other or to complete their mate bond. Some sprites seem to have found wolf mates as well.
“Alpha Christopher, you and Anastasia are welcome to come to all our events. We will be moving them around to the different packs and you never know if her mate hasn't reached adulthood yet, or maybe couldn’t make it to tonight’s event.” I tell him.
He smiles kindly. “Thank you.” I’m not sure if he'll take us up on the offer or not. He seems as disappointed as his daughter.
We say goodnight and Eli and I head up to bed. 
###Chapter 429
The week after the mate gathering, we continue our crazy work schedule but also prepare to have King Ailduin and Prince Aolis in our pack for the next training session. There are some adjustment issues that either I or Grace have addressed. Some pack members didn’t think we were serious about punishing them for being verbally aggressive to other pack members. It’s a good thing a couple of the cells had been cleaned out. It gave me a chance to give those individuals a night to think about their choices and whether or not they want to continue in this pack.
Grace had pulled some of the new pack members in to assist with the cleaning and restocking of the bunkers and safe rooms. Now that we have more members and many are omegas that would not be required to fight in a battle, we will need as much space as this pack has available in the
event of another hunter attack. Liam and Rik talked to different supernatural beings and everyone has heard the rumblings of the
hunters taking supernaturals either to kill or experiment on. Anders is heading a group who is looking to see if any of the hunter compounds can be found. We were hoping after the tournament and the strength shown by the Guardians that they would retreat and back off, but it seems as
though they may have turned their attention to other supernaturals.
The sprites have been diligent in monitoring the forest. Now that our pack has expanded, their watch is also increasing. It helps that a couple have mated in the other two packs, so expanding their little community to include our new land as well as Rik’s and Liam's pack was not a problem for them.
Grace has planned a special meal for Ailduin and Aolis when they arrive. The elves, like the
sprites are vegetarian. While they do not condemn us for being meat eaters, they feel that all like is sacred, especially the life in the forest. Therefore, they choose not to eat the animals of the
forest. We have made an effort to not have any meals with deer or rabbits while they are here.
On the day of their arrival, Rik, Cara, Liam and Angel arrive at lunch time. Ailduin and Aolis are scheduled to arrive mid— afternoon. Our nursery and children’s home are completed and we are able to drop the babies off in the nursery.
As we all sit to eat, Liam jumps in immediately. “I know the training was limited before because both Cara and Angel were pregnant. But now that Angel is pregnant again.” he stops to kiss the side of her head, “and after the effect on all of them after the pull of power at the tournament. I’m not sure I’m comfortable practicing the power transfer that was planned. At least not with Angel. I’m not willing to put her or my child at risk.”
“Let's see what Ailduin has in mind for training this time. Liam. It’s possible that he has other ideas for our training. But if not, I can push my power rather than having Grace or Cara pull it.
15 BONOS That way I control it.” Angel says.
“And there’s no reason Grace can’t practice with me. She has already pulled my power without really having any training. Once Ailduin guides her, I think she'll have better control of how much. she pulls, so she'll know when it’s too much.” Cara adds.
“We'll be careful. If we need to take lots of breaks this weekend, we will.” Grace adds.
After lunch, we have the nursery staff bring the children out back to play, while we help watch over
them waiting for Ailduin. “The pack has really come together.” Rik says to me as we sit in the shade watching our mates playing with the little ones.
“It's not done yet, but it feels like it’s really coming together. I have plans for an expansion into the new land we acquired. Several new pack members have asked about building their homes and wanting to create a second market village where they can have stores closer to their homes.” I turn to Liam. “Perry has been great, by the way. He’s a fantastic general contractor. He has a good head for how to make things come together and good ideas for ways to structure the groups of buildings that I wouldn’t have thought of.”
“He’s one of my best. And I hear you have quite a few people who are very skilled in your pack. I’d like to have him speak to them about continuing on with my company if you agree.”
We talk a little longer about the on-going development plans for the pack before we see Ailduin and Aolis walk through the trees. I'm not exactly sure how they travel to get here, but each time I have seen them arrive, it's been on foot. 
###Chapter 430
They are surrounded by sprites and I can hear the twittering and chittering of excitement from here.
Grace and I stand, ready to welcome the fae royalty. The others join us as well as Alexander, the twins, Thomas and Tula.
“King Alduin, Prince Aolis. Welcome to Safe Haven Pack. You are most welcome here.” I say. Leilani, Lolana and Alexander all kneel as the rest of the sprites join them on the ground. Tula tugs on Thomas until he too drops down, putting her on the ground so she can kneel before her
king. “Alexander, what are you doing? He’s not your king.” I ask through the mind link.
“Leilani and Lolana give you and Luna the same respect that I do. Therefore, I am giving their leader the same respect that they do.” As I watch, Thomas does as well
*Please rise my children.” Ailduin says and in a gesture that would look ridiculous on anyone other than him, he spreads his arms wide, his palms facing up. It’s a majestic gesture that only a
king could pull off.
The sprites love for their king is obvious. They are very excited to see him and Aolis, but they are more quiet and respectful than usual I wonder how long that will last.
Ailduin steps forward, looking from Alexander to Lelani and Lolana. “And I see we have some of our sprites that have mated with a werewolf.”
“Yes. King Ailduin.”
“He is our mate.”
“We love him.”
“And he loves us.”
Ailduin looks at Alexander. “You will take good care of my children, yes?”
Alexander wraps an arm around each of his mates. “They are my mates. I would give my life for them.” Lelani and Lolana swoon at this statement.
“I'm glad to hear it. Now, I heard that another of my children was injured and needed my healing power. Where is she?” He looks around before looking at Grace.
I watch as Grace goes over to Tula and Thomas. “Tula, let King Ailduin see your injury.”
Tula’s head is down, as if she is embarrassed and can’t look at Ailduin. Thomas begins speaking. quietly to her as Ailduin approaches them.
“Tula.” He says gently.
She looks up at him. “King Ailduin.” And she bows her head.
“May I see your injury?” She nods her head and Thomas reaches his hands out. She jumps into his hands, turning her back to Ailduin.
“Hunters pulled her wing off, King Ailduin.” Thomas tells him.
He holds his hand over her back, closing his eyes. I watch as he takes a couple of deep breaths. before his hands starts to glow. As soon as the glowing light touches Tula, she sucks in a breath, her head snapping up to look at Thomas.
“Tula?” He asks, ready to pull her away if she’s in pain. In an instant, everyone can see her wing beginning to regrow. Grace comes over to me, wrapping her arms around my waist. I can feel her awe and her happiness for Tula through our bond as I feel her tears dampening my shirt as I hold
her.
The sprites all quietly ‘ohhh and ‘awww as if any noise will break Ailduin’s concentration and cause Tula’s wing to stop growing. The twins are leaning against Alexander, glowing tears running down their cheeks as they watch their friend as she’s healed in front of all of us.
When he’s done, he steps back. Tula stands in Thomas's hand, testing her new wing, flapping it gently before a huge smile spreads across her face and she lifts herself off his hands.
“Tula!” Thomas's voice is full of love, happiness and awe at his little mate.
She turns to Ailduin. “Thank you, King Ailduin.” She says, before dipping to kiss his cheek. She turns and looks at Thomas. “I'm healed! I'm whole!”
“My sweet girl. I’m so happy for you, but you know I loved you anyway.”
“But Thomas, don’t you see? Now we can complete the mate bond! I can be like Leilani and
Lolana! I can be a true mate to you.” She says before flying to him and wrapping her arms around.
his neck.
As we watch, her body stretches and shifts. She goes from being ”% a foot tall to nearly 5 feet tall. She’s still incredibly short compared to Thomas who is over 6 feet. But now, at least, she can have her human form.
He swings her around, holding her close before kissing her passionately. I clear my throat. knowing my wolves tend to forget themselves when they are with the sprites. “Perhaps you want
+15 BONOS to take Tula someplace more private, Thomas?” I say meaningfully.
He pulls away from her before looking around. “Oh, right.” He starts to walk off before turning back. “Thank you, King Ailduin. Thank you so much!” He says before practically running to his
room in the packhouse. Cooper
Author
Yay! Tula is healed!
ay 
###Chapter 431
Ay 4 Chapter 0431 + 15-BONOS
I wipe my eyes as Thomas and Tula head inside. Tula is such a sweet sprite. Well, they all are, but there is something about her that has pulled at my heart ever since I met her.
“I don’t know how we can thank you Ailduin.” I say, walking over to him.
“There is no need. You are a leader of your pack. You would do anything in your power to help those that look to you for guidance and protection. I am the same. My gifts are just different than yours, Grace. Or, at least, somewhat different.”
“Now,” he says, before turning to the other sprites, “did anyone else need my assistance before I begin my training with the Guardians?” He asks.
“Sir King Ailduin, sir. We were wondering if there would be any more time we could spend with you while you are here.” “We just want to be near you.”
“We won't be a bother.”
“We could help, if you need us.”
I can feel Eli’s patience starting to wane, so I jump in. “How about you all join us for dinner this evening. We'll plan to eat out back here and you can tell King Ailduin all about your time with our pack and for those of you that came to the mate gathering, you can tell King Ailduin all about that as well.”
“Oh, thank you Lady Luna Grace.”
“We'll be back for dinner.”
“We'll bring our plant nectar.”
“Thank you, again.”
“See you later.”
Ailduin looks at me as they fly away. “You handle them very well.”
I shrug. “Their hearts are in the right place. I know they annoy some people.” I spare a glance at my mate. “But, really, they’re kind, sweet little beings.”
“I appreciate you letting them interact with your pack. The sprites have always had a love for werewolves.” “Why is that?” Angel asks. She just had a sprite mate with one of her pack members and move to her pack
“As you may have noticed, the sprites are sweet beings, but they are not strong, they are not fighters. They have little to no method of protecting themselves from predators or hunters. In the past, the wolves protected the sprites while the sprites kept an eye on the areas surrounding the wolves for enemies. Generally, both species found the arrangement beneficial. And, as you have
seen, sprites and wolves have been known to be mates.”
He looks out watching the sprites as they fly back into the forest. “Wolves and sprites make good mate pairs. The sprites adore their mates in a way that you wolves appreciate, and the wolves cherish the sprites in a way that makes them feel safe and loved. Also, sprites don’t mind the wolves’ possessiveness. That also makes them feel loved and cherished, like they are the most
special person in the world to their mate.”
“They are.” Liam says, coming up and wrapping his arms around AngeL “Most wolves treasure their mates above anything and anyone else. Those that don’t, don’t deserve the bond they have
been gifted with.”
“I've started to wonder if this generation of Guardians is stronger than the ones I worked with before because you’ve been allowed to find your fated mates. I know your mates are stronger, but it seems that you, as Guardians are stronger as well, and not necessarily from the next generation of reincamation. Time will tell I guess.” Allduin says.
“Time will tell for you.” Rik says, dryly. “We won't be here to see it.”
“Hmmm, a good point. Well, shall we get started?”
“What would you like for us to start with today?” Cara asks.
Ailduin turns to me. “I understand that you pulled power from Cara and Angel. Tell me what that
was like for you.”
I explain to him about the colors and how they blended. He nods as if this makes perfect sense.
“So, Maia’s power is red. As the parent, her color was stronger than Artemis’s which was orange. Alessia’s is different, having the ability to direct her aura, so hers was a different color but blended into yours making it an altogether different color. And you were able to manipulate power of all three of you combined into one.” He summarizes.
“Yes,”
“Healing power is yellow, as you may have seen by the glow in my hand when I healed Tula. I wonder if you could find Alessia’s healing power and draw from it.”
the +15 BONDS
I look to Angel. “Well, Angel is pregnant and since my power draw knocked all of us out, we don’t want to hurt the baby by practicing on her. Is there something else we could practice?” I ask,
noticing Liam’s relief. Ailduin looks at me intently for a moment, causing me to shift uncomfortably. “Perhaps you could try with me.” He says, finally. “With you?” It comes out more of a squeak than a question.
###Chapter 432
Chapter 0432 “l also have the power to heal.” He reaches his hand out to me, palm up. “See if you can feel my healing energy.”
I look at the others before stepping up and gently placing my hand on top of his. “Reach out with your strength, see if you can feel mine. You are a Guardian of the Realm. If your powers really do extend to all supernaturals, you should be able to pull power from me as easily as you do your
Guardian sisters.”
I realize why Ailduin stared at me for so long. He was deciding if he was comfortable with me having this level of power over him. If I learn to pull power from him, I could drain his power, or possibly use it for my own personal desires. He’s taking a risk and he’s putting his trust in me. Considering the recent negative history between the fae and the werewolves, I feel honored.
I close my eyes, letting myself feel the warmth of his hand. Maia pushes forward and we pull gently, trying to find his aura and strength. “Yours is green.” I say, almost to myself.
“The color of the earth, where my strength comes from.” He says. “Find the layer of yellow within the green.”
I feel like I’m in the green layer of a rainbow, searching for the next color. Roy G Blv. I remember hearing that mnemonic somewhere for the colors of the rainbow. Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. In that color scheme, yellow is right next to green.
I push my aura in one direction, and the green starts to feel darker, so I move and begin letting it flow to where the green starts to feel lighter until I’m surrounded by yellow. “I found it.” I say. opening my eyes. Ailduin is watching me intently.
“Interesting. I’ve never known anyone that could maneuver around an aura like that. Grab hold of the yellow.” He says and I do, pulling it into me. As I do, he beckons Elfover. He takes a knife and
hands it to him.
“This is silver. I know you can heal from it, but I want to see if your mate can use my healing to heal you faster.” He says. Eli takes the knife and looks at me.
“Ready?” He asks. I nod. He slices his hand with the knife before opening his bloody palm to me. I reach my hand out and cover his.
“Push the yellow into his hand.” Ailduin instructs me. I focus, Maia helping me, and I watch as my hand glows a faint yellow and Eli's hand heals. When I'm done. I’m exhausted. I feel like I’ve run a
marathon after starving myself for weeks, and not sleeping for days. I’m sweating and I’m stagger forward. Ell immediately picks me up bridal style, looking at me concerned. “What's wrong with her?” He asks, holding me close.
“Doing this is difficult and she has exhausted herself. Can we get her something to eat and something sugary to drink?” He asks and Ell calls Cammy to bring me something.
“I'm okay, Ell. I just feel so tired.”
“Can't you heal her?” Eli asks Ailduin.
“Yes and no. She’s not injured. She has exhausted herself. It would be better for her body to heal. itself and learn it’s limits.”
“While she rests, Cara, lets see if you can find my healing aura.”
“I can’t see the colors. When I pull on her power, I just feel the power coming through to me. I don’t do any of the blending thing that she talked about.” Cara says.
Ailduin looks at Angel. “Not a chance.” Liam says before Ailduin can even suggest Angel trying it.
Ailduin nods looking back at Cara. “Can you feel the difference between strength and healing?”
“I don’t know.” She says. “Let's try.” He says as Cammy brings out a tray of food and a soda for me.
We watch as Cara tries to find the difference between Ailduin’s strength and his healing power. We can see that she’s getting fatigued as well. Rik walks up behind her, lending her his support.
“I think I have it.” She says and she sounds like she’s panting with the effort. Ailduin pulls his hand away and her body sags. Rik scoops her up and brings her back to our little seating area.
“I think that is a good start for today. We can have dinner and rest. Tomorrow, I want to work on mind linking and if we have time and feel up to it, we can try again.” Ailduin says.
Cara eats a little and has a soda as well before we both start to feel better. When it’s time for dinner, we're both feeling back to normal.
SONOISE 
###Chapter 433
Dinner was a loud and chaotic affair. The sprites were back to their incessant back and forth chatter. I don’t know how Grace can have conversations with them and not get a headache, but my amazing mate takes on the roll of hostess and inserts herself in the conversations with the sprites. Angel and Cara seem to have the same ease interacting with the sprites. Liam on the other hand, makes me look like I have the patience of a saint. He has no tolerance for their chatter
at all. Rik falls somewhere in between us and our mates.
I watch as Aolis dotes on Lily. She’s still too young to really give him attention, but he seems to enjoy making her laugh. ‘Is it weird that you already know who Lily’s mate is?” I ask Rik.
He looks over at Aolis, playing with his daughter. “Right now, it’s fine. As she gets older, I know it will be harder for me and I'll have to set serious boundaries. Here I was, worried I'd have to fight with Liam about his son messing with my little girl. Instead, I get fae royalty that is ten years
older than she is. I honestly don’t know which is worse.”
As the evening winds down, Grace makes sure that everyone is settled in their rooms. Ailduin and Aolis have been put in rooms on our floor. After making sure they also have everything they need, I pull my mate into the shower and make sure she knows. exactly how amazing I think she is before I wrap myself around her in our bed and we fall to sleep.
The next morning, we wake early as Grace wants to make sure that everything is ready for breakfast. We haven't been downstairs long when Ailduin comes in, looking a bit frazzled.
“Grace, has someone stayed in the room I’m in recently. There’s a scent...”
“Oh, Ailduin, I’m so sorry. We did have guests last week. I thought the room had been cleaned and aired properly, but I can make sure that it is cleaned again today.”
“NO!” He says sharply, before regulating his tone. “You misunderstand me. The scent, it’s intoxicating.” I watch as his eyes nearly roll back into his head. I look at Grace. I know that look. Everyone mated werewolf knows that look. That’s the look of someone that just smelled their
mate.
Summer? Who stayed in the room that we put King Ailduin in?” I can see Grace’s eyes shining. She thinks she knows who his mate is.
Summer walks in and thinks for a moment. “Let me see, I believe that was Alpha Anastasia.” “Thank you, Summer.” Grace says, with a shrewd look I’ve seen before. She’s planning something. “King Ailduin. Allow me to make a phone call. I don’t want to make any assumptions, but it’s
possible that the person that was here last weekend could possibly make a trip to come this. weekend as well. I'll find out and then, then we'll see what happens. In the meantime, please
have some breakfast.”
Grace leaves to make her call. While she is gone, the others join us for breakfast. They say hello to their previous pack mates that chose to move to our pack, catching up on the changes in their lives since they came to live here. When Grace joins us, she has a smile on her face.
“I let Cammy and Summer know that we'll have a couple extra visitors this afternoon, staying the night.” “I hope that this won't lead to disappointment for them again.” I mind link her.
“He’s a king. In retrospect, she’s perfect for him. It just means that Alpha Christopher will have to figure something else out with his pack.” She mind links back.
After breakfast, we drop the babies off at the nursery and head back outside.
“Today, I want to try something different. We know that Grace and Ell have the ability to mind link. long distances, and that Grace can push her ability to Eli and have him mind link longer distances as well. So first, let’s see if Cara and Angel can pull from Grace and mind link back to your respective packs.”
It takes some time, but eventually Cara is able to mind link Lacey back at her pack. Next, Angel takes a turn with Liam hovering over her ready to swoop in if she looks tired.
“Liam, I’m pulling from her, she’s not pulling from me. I’m fine.” Angel tells him, but he doesn’t budge. She rolls her eyes and focuses on Grace. It takes her a bit longer, but eventually, she’s able to mind link back to her pack as well.
“Excellent. Next, I want to see if Cara can pull from Grace’s power and have Rik mind link his pack.”
This takes longer but eventually, Rik is able to mind link Chase back at his pack. Next, they try again with Angel and Liam. Again, it takes longer, but Liam is able to mind link. By the time they
finish, it is time for lunch, and everyone looks like they could use a break.
At lunch we see a very happy Thomas and Tula. Tula has a mate mark on her neck. When I look at Thomas, he pulls his shirt down to show me the glowing circle above his heart. The two of them look radiantly happy. Grace gives Tula a hug and she thanks Ailduin again for healing her.
In the alternoon, Ailduin wants to see if Grace, Cara and Angel can mind link each other. They all look at each other, frowning before turning back to him.
“Your bonds are different, more significant than they have ever been in the past. Two of your wolf spirits have been mated and one of your wolves is the daughter of the other two. In both of those.
scenarios, wolves are able to mind link, correct?” Ailduin asks.
“Correct.” They all agree. “So, let’s try it.”
It doesn’t take long at all before they all realize they can mind link each other. They are all laughing and begin hugging each other.
“That’s amazing!”
“Now, let's try adding the mates into the mind link, Grace, start with Rik. See if you can mind link him. Angel, you try to mind link Eli and Cara, you try with Liam.”
They do. Angel is looking at me, focusing on trying to open the mind link. It takes longer than it did. when they were trying with each other. Grace gets it first, but she and I have the stronger mind link. Suddenly, I can feel a fluttering against my mind. I smile at Angel and nod at her. She pushes harder and she’s in.
“Hey Eli.” She mind links me.
“Nice job, Angel.”
We are just confirming that we’ve all been able to mind link when Grace’s eyes go unfocused.
“Oh. I'll be right back.” She says.
She goes inside as everyone continues chatting about the possible implications of us being able to mind link to each other now. When Grace walks out, Ailduin’s head snaps up. She moves aside and Anastasia is standing there. She looks at Ailduin. “Mate!”
Cooper Author
Ansettia and Alduin were unplanned and sort of happened by accident in my head. I hope you like the pairing!
###Chapter 434
I knew it! I knew Anastasia and Ailduin were mates! Now, we just need to see how this plays out.
In an instant. Ailduin has moved forward and has Anastasia in his arms.
“King Allduin, may I introduce you to Alpha Anastasia. Anastasia, this is King Ailduin.”
“King?” Alpha Christopher says, looking at his daughter in the arms of her mate before turning to 1. me.
“Ailduin is the fae king.” I reply.
“How is this possible? I thought you only get one mate in a lifetime.” Ailduin says, his voice thick of awe. He hasn’t looked away from Anastasia.
She tenses in his arms. “You're already mated?” He shakes his head. “No, I was, years ago, but she was taken from me.” He looks around at all of 1. us. “How?”
“You've lived more than one lifetime by our standards.” Rik says. “And werewolves have second chance mates. It’s not common, but it does happen. Maybe the fae do as well.”
“Perhaps you would like someplace more private to get to know each other.” I say, gesturing to them to follow me. “I’m sure you have much to discuss.”
“Yes,” Ailduin begins, before turning back. “But your training.”
“Can wait until tomorrow. Go speak with your mate. Everyone here understands.” Eli tells him.
King Ailduin then turns to Alpha Christopher. “I am King Ailduin of the fae. I assure you that no harm will come to your daughter while she is in my company.”
Alpha Christopher nods and turns to Anastasia. “I'll be here if you need me.”
I find them a private room on the first floor and leave them to get to know each other. When I return, Alpha Christopher is sitting with everyone else.
“A king? A fae king?”
“Yes. He has been helping us learn how to use our Guardian gifts and has been a catalyst in helping us overcome the difficulties between the fae and werewolves.” Cara tells him.
“He said his mate was taken from him?” He asks, looking around. 15 BONOS
“It's not our story to tell.” Angel says. “But it is a sad story and in the end, the she—wolf died. There is no one making a claim to Ailduin now.
“He is a good king. The sprites that live in our surrounding forest adore him.” I say. And as if I brought them into being by talking about them, Funichio and Fanella come flitting up.
“Lady Luna Grace. Sir Alpha Eli. Good afternoon.”
“We're looking for King Ailduin.”
“Is he around for us to talk to?”
“I'm afraid he’s busy right now. Is there something we can help you with?” I ask. “Funichio, look, there’s a new one.”
“Oh, he’s a fine specimen.”
“He is, do you think he’s an Alpha too?”
They begin having a conversation about Alpha Christopher and I can see the Alpha’s lips twitching at being the of their not-at-all subtle admiration.
“You know I can hear you, right?” Alpha Christopher says to the two sprites.
“Oh, Funichio. Did you hear that?” Fanella says, quivering in excitement, her hand going to her heart.
“Definitely an Alpha.”
“He’s very big.”
“He looks like he’d be very warm.”
Fanella flits over toward Alpha Christopher. “What’s your name, handsome?”
“I'm Alpha Christopher. What's your name, beautiful.” Christopher flirts with Fanella.
“Funichio, did you hear that, he thinks I’m beautiful.”
“Well, he may be an Alpha, but he obviously has poor eyesight if he thinks you’re beautiful sister.” “Take it back.” Fanella says to Funichio.
“I think you're quite lovely.” Alpha Christopher says to her, making her flutter and shiver again. “Are you always this responsive to the voice of an Alpha?” He says, seemingly genuinely curious. +15 BONDS
“Only some. Your voice is deep, it feels delicious when you speak.” She says, her eyes rolling back in her head.
“Delicious?” He frowns, looking at the rest of us.
I shrug. “It's apparently a good thing. But don’t lick her and don’t let your wolf lick her. That's how they mate.” I warn him.
“Lady Luna Grace.” Fanella sniffles, looking at me, offended. “Maybe he wanted to lick me. You didn’t have to tell him not to. I would be a good mate.”
###Chapter 435
GET IT NOW Chapter 0435 She turns back to Alpha Christopher. “You're welcome to lick me if you want to.”
Alpha Christopher smiles at her. “Maybe we should get to know each other before either of us considers licking the other.” He tells her kindly.
“Oh, I would love to spend more time with you. Do you have time now? I could show you the forest.” He looks at us. We all shrug.
He turns back to her. “As it turns out, I have some free time. I’d love to see the forest.” He leans in to her, smiling mischievously. “Would you like to meet my wolf?”
“Oooooh, oh yes. Yes I would.” She says, and her entire body quivers in excitement. He chuckles, turning back to us. “Excitable little ones, aren’t they?”
“You have no idea.” Eli says dryly, shaking his head. “But you’ve been warned Alpha. They take licking very seriously.” Alpha Christopher looks at us like we’re crazy. “Why would I lick her?” He asks quietly.
Eli shrugs. “The wolves in my pack have as much fascination with them as they do with us. If
you're going to shift. I’d be prepared to keep your wolf under control.”
He turns back to Fanella. “Okay. Lead the way, little one. Or are you going to finally give me your name?” Alpha Christopher says. Fanella tells him her name before leading him into the forest.
“Funichio.” I say, as he watches them leave. “I’m not sure when King Ailduin will be free, mayb try back at dinner time?” I tell him.
He looks at me, before turning back to where Alpha Christopher has disappeared into the forest. Maybe I'll help Fanella show the Alpha around while I wait.” He says, before flitting off after ther
“We warned him.” Is all Eli says before shaking his head.
We have a couple hours before dinner, so Cara, Angel and I head down to Main Street to pick u the items they ordered last weekend. They are thrilled with their clothing and order more for others in their pack.
As we're walking back to the pack, I notice that the flowers in the front of the packhouse look more vibrant than usual. I shrug it off as the sprites doing their thing. However, when we get inside the packhouse, I see everyone staring into the back yard. I rush over, seeing Summer among those looking outside.
“Summer, what’s going on?” “Luna, look.”
I follow the direction she’s pointing, and I realize that the back of our packhouse and even to edge of the forest around us looks almost magical. The flowers are all blooming and in beautiful color, more colorful than I’ve ever seen in nature. The trees have all turned a vibrant shade of green on their leaves and the trunks are the brightest shade of brown that I’ve ever seen.
“What's happening?” I ask.
“We have no idea.”
“Where are the sprites, are they doing this?” I ask, looking around.
“It's not us, Luna.” Lelani says.
“We aren’t strong enough to make everything this bright.” Lolana says.
“Then who?” I ask, knowing no one has the answer. I see Eli looking around and I walk over to him
“What in the goddess’s name is going on?” He asks me.
“I have no idea.”
As we watch, the plants continue to perk up, getting impossibly brighter. “Look at the garden.” El says, pointing as Cara, Rik, Liam and Angel walk up and join us.
The garden is plush and overgrowing with fruits and vegetables. “Whatever it is, I want it in my pack.” Angel says, looking around in awe.
As we continue to stare. Aolis comes around the corner of the packhouse, holding Lily. “Aolis, do you know what’s going on?” I ask him.
He stops, looking around as if he hadn’t noticed the change in the foliage around the backhouse before smiling broadly and looking back at us.
“Father is extremely happy.” 15 BONOS
###Chapter 436
Well, I guess we can all assume that Ailduin and Anastasia have completed their mate bond. I’m not sure what else could make aman happy enough to cause this sort of change in the environment. I'd like to be aggravated about it, but since it’s not a bad thing, I know that if I had the power, the entire world would have shifted when I mated with Grace, I can’t really say
anything.
As everyone is adjusting to the fact that happy fae royalty means a plush landscape, Alpha Christopher comes out of the forest, looking a bit worse for wear. His hair is going in all different directions, he has pieces of what I think are twigs in his hair and on his clothes. He looks like either he or his wolf have been rolling around on the forest floor. Knowing the effect the sprites
have, I’m guessing I’m not far off the mark.
“Alpha Christopher.” Grace says, looking a bit alarmed. “Is everything alright.”
“Dear goddess above, those sprites.” He turns and we see Fanella at the edge of the forest, waving at him.
He turns back to us. “I’ve been a single man since my mate died in childbirth with Anastasia. I never wanted to take another mate, but that sprite may make me change my mind. The things they can do with their light.” He looks back at Fanella. “I’m an Alpha wolf. I’m not a young, inexperienced man. I’m used to being in complete control of every aspect of my life. But that- that was...something else.”
“Alpha Christopher.” Grace says to him, trying to get his attention. “Perhaps you want to shower and maybe change your clothes before dinner. We'll be eating in about 30 minutes.” My tactful.
mate says. Liam, however, isn’t nearly so tactful. “You’re a fucking mess Alpha. Get upstairs and wash off whatever that sprite did to you.”
Alpha Christopher looks like he’s coming out of a trance. He looks down at himself suddenly realizing what a state of disarray he’s in. “Great idea. Perhaps you can show me which room is mine, Luna Grace.”
“I'd be happy to.” Grace says and as she turns, I can see she’s trying hard not to laugh.
“Is it always this interesting in your pack?” Rik asks as we watch Grace lead Alpha Christopher away. “Always.” I say. Rik and Liam burst out laughing and I can’t help but smile. It’s crazy, but it’s my crazy.
+15 BONO1
We don’t see Ailduin or Anastasia the rest of the evening. Alpha Christopher briefly asks about his daughter before Fanella shows up, looking for Ailduin. We explain that he is still busy, and Grace invites her to stay for dinner. We don’t see either Fanella or Alpha Christopher again after dinner.
“I'm not sure we'll be getting any more training this weekend. But we could practice on our own tomorrow.” Grace suggests.
“Let's see what happens in the morning. Tomorrow was only meant to be a half day of training anyway. If nothing else. I'll be practicing the mind link and making sure all is well at our pack.” Rik
says.
The next day, there is no training. Ailduin spends the morning waiting to speak to Alpha Christopher who is nowhere to be found. We all notice the mate mark on Ailduin’s neck that he is proudly showing off. I’m guessing that Anastasia has some sort of light symbol above her heart.
When Alpha Christopher finally returns, he tells us that Fanella agreed to return to his pack with him. Fanella, we all notice, has a human form.
He turns to look at me. “Dalton, my wolf, might have licked her.” He says quietly.
I place my hand on his shoulder. “I did warn you.”
“You did, but I couldn’t help myself. She is something special.”
I just shake my head at him.
King Ailduin speaks to Alpha Christopher, and he agrees that Anastasia should go with him to
Araphyra, his home, now that they are mated. Ailduin tells Alpha Christopher that he'll be back in two weeks to train the Guardians again and he will bring Anastasia with him. Anastasia hugs her father, saying goodbye to the rest of us and leaves with Ailduin and Aolis.
Alpha Christopher waits while Fanella says goodbye to her friends and her brother, Funichio. “I don’t know what I'll do with my pack now. I’m ready to retire, but there isn’t anyone to stand up and take on the role of Alpha. My Beta has a son, he may be willing to step up. If so, I would want to speak to you about possibly retiring here and joining your pack. Fanella would like to be closer to her friends and family.”
“There will always be a place for you here, Alpha. You'll just have to find a spot you both like and we'll build you a home.”
After the chaos of the weekend, I’m thankful when life returns to normal on Monday morning. Grace and I are back to our grueling schedule of work, building the pack and cleaning the packhouse. Before the week is over, we make plans to meet up with Benny. Grace has talked to Cammy and gotten her ideas to share with Benny. If he is agreeable, he will also be joining our
+15 BONOS
pack.
On the evening before we leave to meet with Benny, Grace comes to my office, carrying a stack of files. She sits down in front of me holding them in her lap. I set aside my work and give her my attention.
“What have you got there, baby?” She smiles at me. “Proof that your mate is always right.” I burst out laughing. “And what are you right about this time, my love?”
She stands, handing me a file folder. I look at it, seeing ‘Gunnar‘ written on the front of it. I frown. looking up at her. “What is this?”
She walks around the desk, coming to sit in my lap. I scoot back, making room for her, tucking her against me and looking at the file over her shoulder. “We found this while we were cleaning out the bunkers. It’s the files for the families in Alpha Jerome's pack. This is your family’s history. It shows your family line, going back generations.”
She turns to look me in the eye. “Not only are you descended from an Alpha line nearly six generations ago, but your family has consistently mated with Alpha females since they took over the position of Beta. That includes your mother, I might add. So, Alpha, I was right. You have more. Alpha blood in you than Beta blood.”
Cooper Author What do you think of Alpha Christopher and Fanella? And is anyone surprised that Eli has Alpha blood?
###Chapter 437
I knew Eli was an Alpha, or at least descended from Alphas before he took over as one. He’s more of a leader than many Alphas I've known, my own father included. But it was nice to have confirmation and to be able to show him that he isn’t the fake Alpha to this pack that he sometimes feels he is, even now. He is the real deal. He always has been.
The next day, Eli and I drive north two hours to meet up with Benny. I didn’t want him driving all the way to the pack if he ends up running and screaming after we tell him what we are. Eli found a small town with an even smaller diner where we could meet and have some privacy to talk.
We arrived first and got a table in the corner. I smile at Eli thinking of the time we were on the run and we had breakfast in a diner.
“Why are you looking at me like that, baby?” He asks me.
“You're sitting the exact same way you were that time we were being chased by the red wolves. You remember, we were eating breakfast and you saw the shifter you’d heard overnight. Even back then, before I accepted you, you were such a good mate to
me.
I watch as Louis pushes forward in Eli's eyes. “You were ours, from the moment we first saw you. Ours to love and ours to protect. That will never change, little wolf.” Goddess, I love this man with every ounce of my being.
I reach out and cup his cheek, Maia pushing forward. “We love you too.” We say together..
When I hear the bells chime announcing someone coming into the diner, I pull back and look up to see Benny looking at us. “Benny!” I stand and walk to him, hugging him tightly. As I step back, he holds on to my arms, looking me up and down.
“I know you were all grown up when I last saw you, but hon, you've certainly changed since then. You seem all grown up now.” “A lot has happened since I last saw you, Benny.” I turn, gesturing to Eli who has come over to join us. “You remember Eli.”
“I do.” He says, putting out his hand to shake Eli’s.
“It's a pleasure to see you again, sir.”
We begin walking over to the table. “I’m glad to see you've been taking care of Grace. I was worried at first, but she told me you were, and now I can see that she was right.”
+15 BONOS
We sit and order food before Benny asks me what has been going on. “Well, there’s a lot Eli and I want to share with you, but I’m not sure you’re going to be okay with it.”
He looks at us for a minute. “Are ya'll livin in one of them nudie camps?” He asks.
Eli frowns. “Nudie camps?”
“You know, where people walk around nekkid all the time.”
I can see Elis lips twitching. “No, Benny, we don’t live in a nudist colony.” I say, mentally face- palming myself. “Well, then, I don’t see what the problem is. As long as I can wear clothing, I’m good.”
“How do you feel about wildlife?” Eli asks.
“I was raised in the country, son. I’m used to wildlife.”
“We live in and among the wildlife, Benny.” I tell him.
We get our food and I can see Benny is thinking about what we’ve said. He puts his silverware down, wipes his mouth with his napkin then looks up at us.
“What aren't the two of you telling me?” Benny was always astute. He comes across as an uneducated country bumpkin type of man, but he’s not stupid.
“Have you ever heard the term shifter, Benny?” Eli asks him.
“You mean like in the movies where someone turns into some kind of critter that goes around killing everyone?” I look at Eli, my eyes widening. This is not the direction I wanted this conversation to go in.
“Not exactly.” Eli says.
Benny looks between us. “Spit it out then, what do you mean?”
“We're wolf shifters, Benny. Eli and I and the people we live with, we’re a pack. We can change into wolves.”
Moment of truth. I watch as Benny looks at me, assessing if I’m telling the truth. I don’t look away. He looks at Eli and gets the same resolute expression. I watch as he makes up his mind about whether or not I’ve gone crazy, before he picks up his fork, and stabs a bite of his pancake.
“I knew your mom didn’t have cancer. Didn’t know what it was, but people with cancer don’t have the t type
of episodes she had. I’m guessing she was a shifter, too?” He asks, putting the bite of food in his mouth. Something inside me unwinds. I hadn't realized how much I wanted Benny to believe me and
agree to come live in our pack. This man, who had looked after my mother and me when we had
no one, then watched out for me after she died. This man, who has been more of a father to me
than my own had ever been.
“She was.”
He nods. “Is that where you got it from?” He asks, as if we're talking about the color of my eyes.
not that I'm a shifter that turns into a wolf.
“I got it from both my parents.”
“You ever find that shit for brains father of yours?” He asks. He knew enough to know that my father had kicked us out. “Yeah. I took care of it.” He stops, his food halfway to his mouth as he looks at me.
“Permanently?” He asks.
Inod.
“Good.” He says before finishing his breakfast. “He didn’t deserve either of you anyway.”
“So, Benny, do you want to come live with a bunch of wolves in the woods and help a young girl start her own business in a diner?” Eli asks him.
He shrugs. “I packed everything I own, knowing that there isn’t anything for me back the way I came. Only thing for me is to go forward with you folks. If you'll have me, I’m happy to come along. But I don’t change into anything. What ya see, is what ya get with me.”
I drove home with Benny. We caught up on the last few months and I gave him the full story of my battle with my father. “Alpha wolf, huh? That’s like, top dog, right?”
“Something like that.” I said.
“It's good to know the boss.” He said.
He settled into pack life easier than I would have believed. He moved into the packhouse not showing any concern that he was living amongst hundreds of wolf shifters. After making sure that
+15 BONGS he didn’t need to worry about some wolves being the real thing and attacking him, he settled right 1. in.
Over the next couple of weeks, he made friends with almost everyone. No one seemed bothered. that we had a human living in our pack. He met with Cammy and talked to her about her ideas, and he gave some of his own as well. He worked with her to make sure that the diner would be
built in a way that made it conducive to seating large groups of people and still had enough room for a kitchen, a prep station and a checkout counter. He took her under his wing, just like he had
with me.
Sometimes, he goes hunting with the wolves that bring in meat for the pack. I’ve heard him. arguing that he is the better hunter because he doesn’t have teeth and claws, he has to use a gun and his own old eyes and ears.
He even gets along with the sprites. After Fanella left with Alpha Christopher, Funichio didn’t really have anyone to spend time with. He and Benny have become good friends. I frequently find them sitting together in the late afternoon, relaxing under a tree or walking through the forest, just talking.
He’s chosen a spot where he wants to build a house, and once the diner is built, I doubt I'll see much of him as I’m sure he'll do what he’s always done. He'll sit in the diner and keep and eye on everything.
He did mention to me once that while we may not live in a ‘nudie camp’, people sure al
are ‘nekkid’ a lot. I just laughed and told him it was too expensive to constantly buy clothes if you shift with them on and destroy them. And then, you don’t have any to put on when you shift back. He’s learned to adjust.
All in all, it's been a much easier transition than I would have expected, and I couldn’t be happier. Cooper
Author
+15 BONGS
###Chapter 438
“I knew your mom didn’t have cancer. Didn’t know what it was, but people with cancer don’t have the t type
of episodes she had. I’m guessing she was a shifter, too?” He asks, putting the bite of food in his mouth. Something inside me unwinds. I hadn't realized how much I wanted Benny to believe me and
agree to come live in our pack. This man, who had looked after my mother and me when we had
no one, then watched out for me after she died. This man, who has been more of a father to me
than my own had ever been.
“She was.”
He nods. “Is that where you got it from?” He asks, as if we're talking about the color of my eyes.
not that I'm a shifter that turns into a wolf.
“I got it from both my parents.”
“You ever find that shit for brains father of yours?” He asks. He knew enough to know that my father had kicked us out. “Yeah. I took care of it.” He stops, his food halfway to his mouth as he looks at me.
“Permanently?” He asks.
Inod.
“Good.” He says before finishing his breakfast. “He didn’t deserve either of you anyway.”
“So, Benny, do you want to come live with a bunch of wolves in the woods and help a young girl start her own business in a diner?” Eli asks him.
He shrugs. “I packed everything I own, knowing that there isn’t anything for me back the way I came. Only thing for me is to go forward with you folks. If you'll have me, I'm happy to come along. But I don’t change into anything. What ya see, is what ya get with me.”
I drove home with Benny. We caught up on the last few months and I gave him the full story of my battle with my father. “Alpha wolf, huh? That’s like, top dog, right?”
“Something like that.” I said. “It's good to know the boss.” He said.
He settled into pack life easier than I would have believed. He moved into the packhouse not showing any concern that he was living amongst hundreds of wolf shifters. After making sure that
+15 BONGS he didn’t need to worry about some wolves being the real thing and attacking him, he settled right 1. in.
Over the next couple of weeks, he made friends with almost everyone. No one seemed bothered. that we had a human living in our pack. He met with Cammy and talked to her about her ideas, and he gave some of his own as well. He worked with her to make sure that the diner would be
built in a way that made it conducive to seating large groups of people and still had enough room for a kitchen, a prep station and a checkout counter. He took her under his wing, just like he had
with me. Sometimes, he goes hunting with the wolves that bring in meat for the pack. I’ve heard him. arguing that he is the better hunter because he doesn’t have teeth and claws, he has to use a gun and his own old eyes and ears.
He even gets along with the sprites. After Fanella left with Alpha Christopher, Funichio didn’t really have anyone to spend time with. He and Benny have become good friends. I frequently find them sitting together in the late afternoon, relaxing under a tree or walking through the forest, just talking.
He’s chosen a spot where he wants to build a house, and once the diner is built, I doubt I'll see much of him as I’m sure he'll do what he’s always done. He'll sit in the diner and keep and eye on everything.
He did mention to me once that while we may not live in a ‘nudie camp’, people sure al
are ‘nekkid’ a lot. I just laughed and told him it was too expensive to constantly buy clothes if you shift with them on and destroy them. And then, you don’t have any to put on when you shift back. He’s learned to adjust.
All in all, it's been a much easier transition than I would have expected, and I couldn’t be happier. Cooper
Author 
###Chapter 439
It's been a couple of months since Benny joined our pack. It’s is really coming along now. Most of our pack members have homes that are either complete or in the final stages of completion. Main
street stores are complete, and we’ve started building another set of stores in the expansion portion of the pack, making it easier for those members that chose to live farther away from the
packhouse to get supplies when needed.
Grace and I started having monthly pack meetings, keeping everyone up to date, providing any announcements and using that time to add new members to the pack, whether they are wolves coming of age, or people who have come to our pack looking for a safe place to live.
Ailduin comes for training every two weeks. He brings Anastasia so she can see her father. Alpha Christopher spoke to his Beta when he returned with Fanella. He set up an Alpha challenge and
his Beta’s son won, as expected. He took a month to help transition the duties to the new Alpha and then he and Fanella officially moved to our pack. They have built a house near the forest, in at community where Alexander and Thomas also built homes. It puts the sprites closer to their friends and families and it also puts warriors near our borders which helps protect our territory. The hunters have started moving again. The sprites have found several in our forest and we've been able to scare them off or eliminate them. Alpha Anders and the team of elders that have been looking for hunter compounds have only been able to track down one. I wasn’t there, but from what I heard, they found all sorts of supernatural beings. They were being tortured and
experimented on, just like Amber had been. We know there must be others, but they haven’t been able to find them. We’ve started hearing rumors again that something big is coming. We've increased our patrols and thankfully, we now have two sides of our pack lands that border Liam and Rik’s packs, which provides extra security for all of us.
Grace is getting stronger. Her ability to pull power has now extended past Cara to Rik. Somehow, once they were able to connect the mind link, it made it possible for Grace to also pull from Rik’s power. Ailduin has been testing her ability to pull it separately from Rik or through Cara. At our last training session, Grace was able to not only pull from Cara and Rik, but she also touched on Rik’s pack members. Liam still refuses to allow Angel to participate, and I don’t blame him. Grace is exhausted after every training session. However, after she tapped into Rik’s power through the
mind link, Ailduin started having Liam sit in. Now Grace can pull from Cara and Rik as well as
Liam and me all at the same time. She was powerful before, but now, when she pulls our power. her strength is amplified even more.
It's late and I’m at my desk, getting ready to be away for another weekend of training with Ailduin. This time, we’re scheduled to be at Rik and Cara’s pack. My phone rings and when I pick it up, I’m on a conference call with Rik and Liam.
+15 BONOS
“Eli, Rik. We have a problem.” Liam starts the conversation. “I’ve just returned from my office in the city. A panther shifter that I met nearly a year ago came in. She looked awful. She said she had been kept in a hunter’s compound for nearly six months. During that time, she overheard them talking about the Guardians. She escaped and came to warn me. The hunters are planning
to come for our mates.” Both Rik and I snarl at this news. We all take a moment to get ourselves under control. “So, you
think this is the big thing that we’ve been hearing about?”
“I think it must be. Audra said she overheard them speaking about what happened at the tournament. The ones that escaped that day did get the news back to their leaders. They have. also been experimenting on wolves. Audra thinks they are rogues, which is why we haven't been alerted to missing wolves from any of the packs.”
“I'll send my father to speak to her, if that’s okay. I’m sure he’d like to find that compound.” Rik says.
“Send him over. I've got her set up here at the pack. She’s not happy about it, but she’s safe.” “Does she know what kind of experiments they were doing on the wolves?” I ask.
-15 BONOS 
###Chapter 440
Chapter 0440 “No. I’m not sure she could tell me even if she did know. She’s pretty traumatized.” Liam says.
“Let my dad speak to her. He’s been interviewing the supernaturals that were rescued from the compound they found. He knows how to ask the questions slowly and carefully.”
“Good idea. If he wants to come tonight, I'll set him up here, but I'd prefer that he wait to speak to her until tomorrow. She needs food and rest. How do you both feel about moving our training session to my pack this weekend. I’d like to keep Angel close to home, but it's possible that we may be able to speak to Audra. She might be more willing to speak to our mates, knowing that is who the hunters are after.”
“That’s fine with me.” I say and Rik agrees. “You know we have to tell them.” I say to Rik and Liam. I hear them both sigh. “Yeah, I know.” They both say.
“They are Guardians. They are strong, but they need to be prepared. They need to be warned to be on alert. And Grace, at least, will want to know why I’m tripling our patrols.” I tell them.
“Cara will too. She won't let it go until I tell her.” Rik said. “And I'll feel better knowing that she’s being extra careful if she’s out with Lily.”
“Agreed. So, we all tell them tonight since we'll be together tomorrow?” Liam asks.
We all agree.
I finish the call and head to our room, following my mate’s scent. I find her in the shower and lean against the door, watching her. “Why are you watching me like a creeper?” She leans her head out to look at me..
“Just enjoying the view.” I tell her.
She crooks her finger at me. “Come join me.”
I strip down, walking into the shower behind her, wrapping my arms around her. She turns in my arms, looking at me with a mischievous look on her face, her hands slowly sliding down my chest
to my stomach and lower.
“Do you know how much I love you?” I say, meaning it with every fiber of my being. No one and nothing will take my mate from me. I will die before I let those hunters or anyone else hurt her.
‘I will tear anyone to shreds if they even think of hurting our mate.’ Louis says.
Grace’s hands stop their descent and instead, her brow furrows and she slides her arms around. me, leaning into me.
“What is it? What's wrong?”
I look at her, my throat getting tight at the thought of someone coming after my mate. I swallow a couple of times, trying to get the lump out of my throat so I can answer her. I lean down and kiss.
her nose. “We found out that the hunters are coming after the Guardians specifically. They are coming for
you.
“Hey, they won't get me, or my sisters. We are strong. We've been training and we’re ready. I say. let them come. We'll show them that they are no match for us.”
“If they are planning it, then they have a thought of how they will win. Liam said they have been experimenting on wolves, most likely rogues, but they may have found a way to hurt you that we
don’t know about.”
She cups my face in her hands. “I’m not going anywhere. No one is taking me and Maia away from vo
you and Louis. You're stuck with us, forever. That's what you promised me and that’s what I’m getting. Nothing and no one is taking that from us. We've worked too hard to finally find the happiness that we both deserve.”
I lean my forehead against hers, my eyes closed, trying to get control of my emotions. “Eli...” She says gently, feeling my struggle.
“Promise me. Promise me that you will be careful. Promise me that you won’t take any unnecessary risks. Promise me, Grace. Promise me so that I can go about my day and not worry. every second that something has happened to you. Please, just promise me that you will be okay.”
“I promise you, Eli Gunnar, I will be okay.”
I take my mate to bed and make love to her, slowly, taking my time, savoring every taste, every scent, every sound that she makes. I need her to know how much I treasure her, how precious she is to me, how much I need her. When I finally find my release, I hold on to her like I’ll never let her
1. go. 
###Chapter 441
Eli became more insistent that he know where I was at all times after that. When we are together, he is affectionate and loving. We have always been physical in our relationship, but it was different now. It was as if he were desperate to let me know how much he needs me and loves me. He’s terrified that he’s going to lose me.
I understand why he’s feeling that way. I’m the key, the central point in the power source of the Guardians. Cara and Angel can pull from me, but without the strength of my mind link, they can’t go further than that. I can tap into the power of not only my sisters and their mates, but also every member of all three of our packs. I haven’t been vocal about that. I don’t want to scare anyone, but when I connect with them, it’s almost like candles getting lit in my mind. As each person in their pack connects to the link, the candles light and I can see them in my mind. It’s strange and it’s overwhelming. It also means that I can hear them. Between the three packs we have close to
1500 wolves. That's a lot of voices in your head at one time. It’s why I’m so exhausted after training. So, without me, they are strong and powerful, but only individually. With me, our strength pools
together we become invincible. It’s why I'm not as concerned about the hunters as Eli is. I know that we can defeat them. I know there will be casualties and that makes me angry. These hunters coming to take away our lives, our happiness. And for what? Because we are different than they are? Because we intimidate them with our strength and heightened senses. They fear us, so they
must destroy us?
It makes me angrier because we are having a baby boom in our pack right now. With so many recently mated couples, it’s not surprising. Amber and Carlos are expecting their baby boy in the less than a month. I think they probably got pregnant at the tournament just like Angel. She and Liam are expecting their little girl in the next month as well.
Sirona told me a couple weeks ago that she and Noah are expecting. She’s very excited and she and Amber love to talk about their pregnancies and baby planning every time they are together.
I'm happy for them, truly I am. But, it hasn’t happened for me and Eli. It’s not for our lack of trying. Eli has been more than happy to practice baby making any and every time I want. I’ve talked to Sirona about it and she says that between all the stress that we've been under, the changes in our pack, getting off my birth control, and Guardian training, that it’s not surprising it hasn't happened. She’s told me to be patient and let it happen, but it’s hard. It feels like every day someone new is telling me that they are having a baby. And every day, I’m still not pregnant.
Just yesterday, Tula told me she and Thomas are expecting. That is only a week after Lelani and Lolana told me they are both expecting.
#15 BONOS
It's like everywhere I look, the pack is in baby mode. Cammy and Melinda have the kitchen staff making baby food. Jeremy is busy making bassinets, cradles and toddler beds. Anna and her staff are making baby clothes as fast as they can for not just our pack, but the other two as well.
I know Eli can feel my sadness at our inability to conceive. I know he wants a child as much as I do. But I think it’s different as a woman. It feels like my body isn’t doing what it was made to do. Something that seems so easy for everyone else, is beginning to seem impossible for me. Everyone tells me I’m young, and I have plenty of time. And that’s true. But I’m an Alpha female. What does it say about me that everyone in my pack, including the sprites, are pregnant and having babies, but their Alpha and Luna can’t conceive.
And while I know that Eli is nothing like my father, and he has assured me that he will love me no matter what, somewhere deep in my mind, I fear that he will reject me if I can’t have a child. That fear is what keeps me awake at night. The fear that it doesn’t matter how strong I am, doesn’t matter than I’m an Alpha female and a Guardian, if I can’t have a child, would that be enough for
him to leave me? So, while I lay awake at night, and try my best to cover my growing fear and sadness from my mate, I smile every day, making
appropriate sounds of excitement to mother’s announcing their pregnancy. I make cooing sounds when I hold new babies, secretly sniffing their baby scent and feeling my heart ache to hold my own child.
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 442
As the days progress, the hunters begin to make their move. Eli has told me that Liam is terrified that they will come while Angel is pregnant. She was pregnant during the vampire war and he had to go days not knowing if she’d survive. Now that she’s nearly ready to give birth, he’s worried for both her and his little girl.
Thankfully, her delivery day arrives, and I get a mind link from Liam that momma and baby Leana Estella are happy and healthy. I announce the birth of their baby girl to the pack and later that night, our own Amber goes into labor and the next day, I’m announcing the birth of our Beta couple’s baby boy, Dillon Ricardo. They decided on Dillon because it also means hope.
Interestingly, the sprites don’t seem to have a problem carrying wolf babies. Although, they will be sprite/wolf hybrids, none of them seem to struggle with the shorter gestation period of the wolves, like humans do. I guess Ailduin was right, sprites and wolves make good mates.
Later that week, I’m heading back to my room after learning that now Fanella and Christopher are expecting a child, when a sudden wave of nausea hits me and I race to the bathroom. I barely make it before everything I ate for lunch comes up. I sit back after I’m done, breathing heavily.
Where did that come from? “Baby, are you okay?” Eli mind links me.
“Yeah, I think I ate something bad. Are you feeling okay after lunch?” “Yes, do you need me? I can stop work and come take care of you.” “No, I feel better.” Sort of.
“Why don’t you take the rest of the day and rest, love. You've been driving yourself so hard lately and I know all the baby stuff has been affecting you.”
“Did you hear about Fanella and Christopher?” “Geez, those two as well?” “We have baby fever here in Safe Haven.” I try to hide my sorrow, but he feels it.
“Baby. It will happen.” He says gently. “We can try every day, as many times a day as you want.” He says, making me smile, which I know was his plan.
“I love you, Eli.”
“I love you more than anything in the world, Grace. Never doubt that.”
+15 RONDS
The next couple of days, I continue to feel ill. I cover it as best I can as we've heard the hunters are on the move. We're reinforcing the pack bunkers and safe rooms, doing drills to make sure everyone knows where to go and that all of our pregnant mothers, young mothers, elderly and pups know where to go and we can make sure that as new pups are born, the safe rooms have the supplies needed if they have to stay in lock down for several days.
Since Amber and Sirona will be in the safe rooms, they are leads of their rooms, checking to make sure everyone arrives and letting me know if there are any additional supplies needed. We're putting all the pregnant moms that are close to delivery in the room with Sirona, in case they go into labor while we are fighting. Lelani, Lolana and Tula also agreed to be leads in their rooms and in true sprite fashion, their rooms miraculously have beautiful flowers growing in them.
It's after one of these drills that I have to run to the community bathroom on the first floor of the packhouse to vomit. I’m just finishing up when Sirona walks in.
“We're going to the hospital and I’m checking you out, Luna.”
“It's nothing Sirona, just stress.”
“Don't lie to your doctor, Grace. I’ve been watching you for the last couple of days. You've been vomiting at all hours of the day. Either come willingly with me now, or I’m going to Eli.”
I glare at her. “He has enough on his plate.”
“Exactly. So, let’s do this my way.”
I reluctantly follow her to the pack hospital. She sets me up in a room and takes blood, has me pee in a cup and hooks me up to some devices that monitor my heart rate and blood pressure.
It doesn’t take long before she comes back into the room, smiling from ear to ear. “Well, Luna. you're exceptionally healthy.”
“So, it's just stress, like I thought?” I ask.
She looks me in the eye. “You’re pregnant, Luna. Congratulations!”
I'm pregnant. It finally happened. My hands go to my stomach, a huge smile stretching across my face. I can’t believe it. I'm ecstatic for two seconds before reality comes crashing down on me. The hunters are coming, any day.
I look at Sirona. “Don’t say anything to Eli. I want to make it special.” I tell her. But I also know that if Eli finds out I’m pregnant, he won't let me fight, and they need me.
I won't risk losing my mate. I won't let my pack fall because I’m pregnant. I can’t fail them. Three days later, the hunters arrive. +15 BONOS
###Chapter 443
The hunters are coming. We know it, they aren’t even being secretive about it. Every day I become more fearful of losing Grace. I know she thinks she’s the key to us winning this battle, but I can’t lose her. I won't.
When I get the mind link that the hunters are nearly here, we’re ready. We've been planning this for weeks. I would never tell Grace this, but I’m glad she’s not pregnant yet. I don’t know if I could focus on the fight today if I knew I was not only fighting for my pack and my mate, but also my unborn child. My fear of losing Grace has made my protectiveness almost unbearable as it is. I know it irritates her that I need to know where she is at all times, so I can’t imagine how much worse it would be if she had gotten pregnant.
The hunters have chosen to attack us near our three borders, so we have an hour's run to get to them. The sprites had alerted our patrols and they are the ones that sent the mind link. We've chosen to stay quiet so the hunters don’t know we’ve seen them. This will help to keep our patrol wolves safe, knowing the hunters won't attack right away and our packs are on the way.
“Grace, I’m heading over with our warriors. Make sure the groups start their evacuation procedures then join us. Please be safe. I love you.” I mind link her as I shift and order the warriors to head to our meeting place.
“I'm right behind you.” She tells me.
When my pack arrives, we see Rik’s pack is already there and Liam’s is coming in right behind us. Cara and Angel shift, turning to me. “Where is Grace?” They ask in the mind link.
“She’s on her way.” I tell them, and honestly, I’m surprised she’s not here yet. Maia is fast and should have caught up to us by now.
As one, Cara, Angel, Liam, Rik and I turn our heads at what sounds like an army coming through the forest. I lift my nose in the air, trying to count like Grace does. She’s better at it than I am, but I’m easily getting thousands of hunters.
“Grace?”
Grace opens the mind link to her sisters, their mates and me. “I’m nearly there. I’ve counted 5002 hunters. That puts us at nearly 1:5 ratio of werewolves to hunters.” She says and she sounds like she’s breathing heavily.
She's right, we only have about 1000 wolves in fighting condition with the baby booms we've been having in our packs. Five to one are not good odds. A strong warrior can take that many, but our weaker warriors can’t. Unless we can take them out quickly, we're going to have a hard time
winning this battle today. “We need to spread out. We need to flank them. We can’t go head-to-head with that many hunters.” Liam says.
“My pack will stay front and center, you both take your packs and flank them on either side. Hopefully we can take out a bunch with a surprise attack.” Rik says...
“We'll stay here and wait for Grace.” Cara and Angel say.
“Our pack will need the most protection up front anyway.” Cara adds.
I send the order and we begin to quietly move around the left side of the hunters, creeping up on them. I never doubted Grace and her ability to ‘count’ based on smell but seeing 5000 hunters is completely different than hearing the number. For a moment, I let myself feel overwhelmed. Then I
reign it in. They are here to kill us. They are here to kill my mate. For that, they will die.
We get into position, effectively circling them and nearly connecting with Liam’s pack on the other side. We have them surrounded. This is our best chance for attack. The moment Kai, Rik’s wolf's, howl goes up, we attack. In the moment it takes for the hunters to
realize that we have surrounded them, we are able to take down hundreds of them. As soon as they realize it though, they shift and turn their attention to attacking us.
###Chapter 444
Shots ring out all around us and in an instant, I know what they learned in their experiments on the rogues. They've figured out a way to not just incapacitate us, but to kill us quickly. I watch as a wolf beside me takes a shot to the shoulder. The silver bullet immediately ‘melts’, turning into liquid silver and spreading into his system. The initial wound takes him down, but as I watch, I can see the silver spread. The minute it gets to his heart, I feel his life snuff out through my Alpha
bond.
Louis howls is anger and pain and we turn with renewed vigor back to the battle. Not only are we outnumbered, if any wolf takes a hit from a bullet, it will kill them. The Guardians and their mates have a resistance to silver, but I don’t think that will save us today. We are all going to die on this battlefield. But before that happens, I’m going to take down as many as I can.
The battle is bloody. Hunters lay dead and dying all around me. Louis slicing through their bodies easily with his claws. We’ve ripped arms from bodies, throats from necks and his fur is covered in
blood, making his black fur look even darker.
From every direction, I hear wolves howling in pain as they take a hit from a bullet and I'm feeling my own pack members dying through my bond with them. It’s making it harder and harder to fight. Louis yelps as we're hit in the hind leg by a bullet. I feel the burning pain of the silver as it starts
to melt and spread, causing him to limp. We now have to fight on three legs. It will take the silver awhile to get to my heart to kill us, but before that, I’m killing more hunters.
Somewhere in the fighting, I realize that Grace has joined. She and her sisters are taking out hunters, blowing them apart. But as fast as they are taking them out, more are appearing. There are just too many of them.
Louis and I move to get closer to her. Our need to protect her is so strong that it draws us to her in the battle. We won’t let anyone hurt our mate while we are still living. We can still feel the silver making its way closer and closer to our heart. I don’t know how much time we have left, but we will make the most of it.
As we bring down another hunter, I feel a bullet hit my side, punching through our lung. The cilver leaks out making it hard to breathe. Louis coughs before jumping on another hunter. There are so many, and there are fewer and fewer wolves every minute.
I felt Alpha Christopher’s tether break a moment before Alexander’s. Noah's broke earlier, having taken the first wave of attacks against the hunters. Without a wolf, Carlos has been able to survive the bullets, but I can feel him fading in my mind, as my own tether to Grace starts to wane. I cant feel the agony of the mates in the bunkers at the loss of so many mates.
+15 BONOS
Across the battlefield, my eyes connect with Grace. She can feel me dying. Her eyes are wide as she stares at me, horrified. Beside her, I see Cara on the ground, hovering over someone. It takes me a moment to realize it’s Rik. He’s lying dead in her arms. It seems Cara’s grief is providing a buffer to the Guardians as the three of them seem uninjured. I’m glad to know my mate is safe.
Even if I couldn't be the one to do it.
As I watch her, I feel a bullet hit my chest. The liquid silver melts into my heart and with my last breath, I reach out in the mind link. “I love you, Grace.”
As the darkness sets in, and my surroundings fade, I see more than hear Grace screaming.
Cooper Author
That was intense. Don’t pull out your pitchforks just yet. I promise an HEA. And I wouldn’t be so cruel to leave you with this as a cliffhanger.
6
###Chapter 445
Chapter 0445 I'm glad when Eli says he’s heading to the battle and for me to join him after getting the
evacuations set. I can’t shift being pregnant. I'll have to run in human form to get to the battlefield. Eli would know something was wrong if he saw me.
It takes me longer to get to the battle than it would if Maia was running. We're much faster on four
paws than two feet. As we get closer to the battle, I smell them. I’m counting them in my head when Eli reaches out to me. I open the mind link and let them know I’m nearly there, and how
many hunters there are.
When they decide to spread out, I know I won't be fighting beside Eli. I have to be with my sisters. That’s the only way I can make sure we win today.
Before I arrive, I hear Kai’s howl for the battle to begin and immediately all hell breaks loose. Almost instantly, I feel tethers from our pack breaking.
“Maia, we have to hurry. We can’t lose our pack.”
Maia’s pain at the loss of our pack members is as strong as mine, especially since Noah is one of the first to die. Instantly, we feel Sirona’s pain at the loss of her mate.
When we finally arrive on the scene, I realize that Eli's fear was justified. It's not that we’re outnumbered that is giving the hunters the advantage, it’s the silver. I slow my run as I look at the dead around me. I can see the silver leaking out of their bodies from the bullet wounds and I know we're in trouble.
I rush to my sisters, breaking their connection and grabbing one of their hands in each of mine. I’m the focal point of our strength, I need to be in the center, pulling from both of them. They have been giving Rik’s pack as much protection as they can since they were at the front of the battle with no cover.
As soon as I join, we throw out our joined aura. We obliterate hundreds of hunters at a time, but they continue to come. Their bullets are flying faster than we can kill them, and every time one of our wolves dies, we feel it.
I'm not used to Angel's aura, having only felt it once before. It takes me a few precious minutes to tap into her strength and feel her aura. I have to separate her blue strength from the yellow of her healing. Having worked with Ailduin, I pull on her healing power too. I’m not sure that it can do anything, but I’m keeping hold of it, just in case.
I pull our auras together, creating the purple color that I used at the tournament. This time when I push our combined auras, we take out even more hunters. As we focus our attention on the
+15 BONOS
hunters, the protection that Angel and Cara were giving to Cara’s pack lessens and she begins to feel her pack tethers breaking. Angel already has tears running down her face for her lost pack
members.
I don’t have time for tears. I have to save our mates, save our packs and save my child.
I throw out another combined aura taking out hundreds more hunters. There are so many of them that it feels like we’re barely making a dent. We've taken out nearly a thousand and it feels like the wolves have taken out nearly as many, but it also looks
like we've lost close to half of our warriors. They are either dead or dying on the ground around us, the sounds of their pain agony to
our ears.
I'm not paying attention to the surroundings as I start to pull on Cara and Angel’s power again. But it's at that moment, that a hunter takes aim at Cara. As the bullet is about to hit her, Kai jumps in front of her and takes the bullet meant for her.
7 
###Chapter 446
Chapter 0446 “Nooooooo!” She screams, pulling away from our group as Kai shifts back to Rik. I can see the silver slivering to his heart. He takes her face in his hands, but I don’t hear what he says before I
feel his tether break. Cara’s grief pushes out, her aura strong and providing a buffer for Angel and I from the hunters as she holds Rik in her arms, begging him to come back to her.
As I throw out another aura this one weaker with the loss of Cara’s strength, I look up and see Louis. Our eyes meet on the battlefield and I can see that he’s injured. I
his tether to me fading. Pull on my bond and feel
No! No, no, no! This can’t be happening! I was supposed to save everyone. I am the key. I am the one that can pull the power and strength. But there are too many of them. Too many for us to take out and the death of our pack members is weakening us all.
As I watch, I see a bullet hit Louis in his chest. I feel like my heart stops when I hear Eli’s soft voice telling me he loves me before Louis collapses and begins shifting back to Elis human form. Almost at the same time, Angel drops beside me, clutching her chest. “LIAM!” She screams.
I look out over the battlefield. We have lost. Our packs are dying. Our mates are dead. I feel numb and everything seems to be happening in slow motion as I take in the horrific scene around me.
My hand goes to my stomach. My child. The child I wanted so desperately will never get live. And it is this thought that makes my anger spike. These people, these hunters will not win. They will not take everything from us.
I close my eyes, pulling on Cara and Angel's auras. I reach beyond and feel rather than see the candles lighting in my mind as each member of their packs lights up in my head. I know when I pull on their power, it will weaken them. I take Angels healing power, the yellow in my mind and separating our strength power, I add yellow to half of it.
“Maia, you know what I want to do?’ “Yes.” “Protect our child. I'll do the rest.” I tell her, before pulling on the strength of every member of all three packs.
I take a deep breath, drawing all of their strength, their power, their grief. I pull it all into two large balls of force — one to kill and one to save.
As I release the power, I feel Maia tuck around our baby, protecting them from what I’m about to do. I scream as I release the power and it feels like my body is tearing apart from the inside out.
+15 BONOS
My dark purple force blasts through the hunters, killing them on contact, exploding them where they stand. It rolls like a wave, taking them out.
My yellow/purple power stretches out to every wolf, even the ones whose lights have gone out. I can feel the healing encircling the silver in their bodies, pulling it from their systems. I continue to push my power, and the strength that I have left into the bodies of every werewolf in the packs, those that have died, those that are injured and those that are suffering in their grief.
I drop to my knees as I push the healing strength as long as I can, knowing that the only way to save everyone is to continue healing them. I know it’s working when I hear Cara’s exhausted gasp beside me, Angel calling softly to Liam, and I feel Eli's tether reconnect between us.
I push, until I feel every light ignite, one by one.
When I know Eli can hear me, I reach out in the mind link. ‘I love you too, Eli.‘ I tell him, a moment
before I collapse.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Grace’s power? She saved everyone. Hopefully you don’t feel murderous towards me now. One more day of regular updates and one day of epilogues. Just a warning, my home is in the path of a hurricane and it’s possible that I will lose power. I will do my best to make sure you get the last two days of updates on time. 
###Chapter 447
I gasp, and air fills my starving lungs. I'm alive. How am I alive?
‘Louis?”
He doesn’t respond. My body feels heavy, and I try to remember the last thing that happened. I was on the battlefield. I was looking at Grace, telling her I loved her, before the silver from the last bullet got to my heart.
Wait? Am I dead? I don’t hear any sounds of fighting. I hear moaning all around me, but nothing that sounds like death and dying.
‘I love you too, Eli.‘ I hear Grace say. Her voice is soft, exhausted, like she’s burned herself out. “Grace!” I yell in my mind. But as I reach out, I feel her consciousness going dark. I push myself up. “Grace!” I call out, looking around for my mate.
I see her, slumped on the ground. Angel and Cara have just turned to her. They are calling her name, shaking her shoulders. “Grace!” I hear them yelling at her.
I try to stand, but I can’t, so I begin to crawl over to where Grace is lying on the ground.
“What happened?” I ask when I get there. I see Rik is conscious and also trying to sit up.
“I don’t know. We had lost. Everyone was dead or dying. You, Rik, Liam, you were all.” Angel chokes on a sob. I pull Grace’s body into my lap, rocking her. She’s not dead, her tether is there, but it’s very faint.
Liam stumbles over, falling down beside us and pulling Angel into his lap, burying his face in her hair. She wraps her arms around him, telling him to never leave her again.
He lifts his head, looking at Grace. “What happened?” He repeats my question.
“I think...” Cara starts, looking at Rik. “I think she pulled mine and Angel's strength to kill the hunters, but she must have also pulled Angel's healing power to heal the packs. It’s not just us, I think she healed everyone. I can feel all the tethers that broke during the battle.” As she says it, I realize she’s right. I can feel every member of my pack as well.
Thomas stumbles over, having heard the conversation. When last I checked, he was injured, but not dead. “It wasn’t just your powers, Lunas, she pulled from all of us. We all felt it. She drained. us all of whatever strength we had left. I’m glad she killed the hunters first because none of us
+15 BONOS
could fight after what she did.”
“Everyone?” Rik asks, as shocked as the rest of us.
“Did you know she could do that?” He asks Cara and Angel.
“No. We knew she had connected briefly, but we didn’t know she could pull from everyone in the packs.” Angel replies.
“I need to get her home. She needs to see Sirona and find out what’s going on with her. I know she’s alive, but barely. Can any of you feel your wolves yet?”
Cara and Angel nod yes. Rik and Liam shake their heads, no.
I have Thomas find Carlos and put him in charge of helping our pack get back and making arrangements for those that need extra assistance before I begin running as fast as I can, carrying Grace back to our pack.
It's slower than I'd like it to be. Between my own weakness, my lack of Louis’s presence and carrying Grace, I’ve just hit our pack lands, when Sirona pulls up in a car looking for us.
“How? How did she do it? I felt Noah die.” She says, helping me get Grace in the car before tearing up the bumpy ground toward the pack hospital. I’m sitting in the back, holding Grace on my lap so
she doesn’t bounce around in the car.
“We don’t know. We think she pulled from Angel’s healing power. I’m not sure what’s going on with her. She’s alive but her tether feels very faint. We can’t let her die Sirona.” I tell her, my heart in my throat. I was okay being the one to die. I don’t know that I could live without my mate. “We'll check the baby first. My guess is Maia is protecting the child and therefore isn’t healing
Grace.”
My whole world stops. “Baby?”
Sirona’s eyes meet mine in the rearview mirror. Hers are wide. “She didn’t tell you?” When I shake
my head, she continues. “She said she wanted it to be special. I just assumed.”
“It's not your fault. She knew what she was doing. She knew I'd never let her fight if I knew she
was pregnant. And if she hadn’t been there, we’d all be dead.”
I see Sirona shiver at the thought of not having Noah. Too many people in my pack know exactly how that feels right now. As we pull up to the hospital, Sirona asks, “What happened to the hunters?”
She opens the door and I carefully step out, holding my mate and my child close against me.
+15 BONOS
“None of us are sure. It looks like a massacre. We know it was Grace that killed them, but we
know exactly how she did it. It will take days to clean it up. We need to burn what's left of the bodies. There were so many of them, there’s no way their presence will go unnoticed by the humans.”
###Chapter 448
Liam and Rik will have to take care of that. Thanks to my mate, their mates are fine. My only focus is on getting my mate strong again.
One month later
“Anything?” I ask as Sirona comes back into the hospital room. It’s been a month and Grace is. still unconscious.
She shakes her head. “There’s nothing physically wrong with her that I can find. Is your bond getting any stronger?”
“Barely. And now I don’t know if it’s my bond to her, or to our child.” Sirona had asked if I wanted to learn the gender of our baby, but I didn’t want to know without Grace. Honestly, I’m pretty sure I already know. Grace smells like cherry blossoms, but her stomach has taken on a decidedly masculine scent. She told me once that I smelled like sandlewood and cedar to her. Sandlewood
is the scent that I’m getting from her stomach.
Grace is hooked up to so many machines. We're having to feed her intravenously, so the baby stays healthy. She’s getting IV fluids, so she and the baby don’t dehydrate. There’s a monitor attached to her stomach so we can monitor the baby’s heartbeat and there’s one for Grace as
well. Since her breathing has been shallow, she has an oxygen hose going into her nose.
Everyday, I get as close to her as I can. I want to sleep in the bed with her, but there are too many wires, and I won’t risk her or the baby. So, I sit in a chair, my head laying beside her stomach and
I talk to our child. Then, when I need to stand, I'll move up to Grace’s head and I'll lay my head beside hers and talk to her for a while.
In the beginning, Sirona tried to get me to leave to eat, or to go back to the packhouse to sleep, saying she'd stay with her. But I can’t leave them. So, I shower here at the hospital. Either Noah or Carlos brings me food and updates me on what’s going on with the pack.
The hunter bodies were burned. The authorities came around a couple of times, wanting to search the forest around our packs. We explained that we would have known if that many people had been in the forest. They tracked their movements to the edge of our property, but they didn’t have
enough to get a search warrant and Liam and Rik refused to give them access to our lands. There would have been no way to hide the war, and since we would never tell them we are shifters, they
would have arrested some or all of us for murder.
I got Louis back a couple of days after the battle. Everyone that had silver in their system took several days and up to a week to get their wolves back. When he came back, I had him search for
Maia. He said she was there, but unresponsive to his prodding.
Benny, Cara and Angel come to see Grace nearly every day. Cara and Angel feel guilty that Grace saved everyone and is in this state while they are fine. Angel is even pregnant again. I usually use their time with her to go shower or I'll just lay in the bed I had brought into Grace’s room and try
to get a little sleep while others are there talking to her.
The baby boom in our pack has continued. Tula, Lelani and Lolana all had their babies while Grace has been unconscious. Sirona is due any day and thankfully two of her aides have gotten their medical degrees and can deliver her baby and look after Grace while she’s recovering.
One evening, it’s just the two of us. I can’t take it anymore and I move her wires and crawl into. bed with her, laying my arm over her body, my hand on her stomach, feeling my little one moving.
around inside her.
“Grace, please baby. It’s been long enough. I’m going to lose my mind if you don’t wake up. Baby. you promised me that you would be okay. This is not okay. I am not okay. Our baby needs you, I need you. You have to wake up now. I need to hear your voice. I want to hear you laugh, I want to yell at you for what you did and tell you how amazing you are for saving everyone. Please Grace. The only good thing in my life has been you. You have made everything I went through before I met you worth it. I would do it all over again if it meant I had you in my life. I can’t do this without. you. I don’t want to raise our son alone. He needs his mother.”
By the time I’m done, there are tears streaking down my face, I lean my forehead against the side
of her head, just letting the tears come.
“How do you know it’s a boy?”
My head jerks up and I see the exhausted eyes of my mate.
“Grace!” Her hand comes to my face and I kiss her palm before kissing her on every part of her
face I can reach.
“Oh Grace.” I say before I completely break down, sobbing at finally having my mate back.
Cooper Author
Grace is back! 
###Chapter 449
Chaos. That's all I can feel. Utter chaos. There are sounds and voices all around me. I can’t make out what they are saying, there are so many of them and they are talking over each other. I try to
tell them I can’t understand them, but my voice is drowned out by theirs.
I try to find Maia in my mind, but if she is there, I can’t hear her voice over the cacophony in my head. It’s overwhelming and it never stops. I bend down, covering my ears with my hands, trying to lessen the sounds, but it doesn’t help.
Initially, I felt like I was going to go crazy. But eventually, the noise becomes almost background noise in my head, making it easier for me to think. I remember what happened, how I tapped into nearly 1000 wolves that were still alive and pulled their energy and strength into my aura before pushing it out to kill the hunters and save our packs. And that’s when I realize what the noise is. I connected to every pack member from three packs, and now I don’t know how to disconnect
myself from them. Maia is watching over our child, so I’m on my own to untangle this web of voices. If what I did worked, I'll have to untangle over 1500 voices in my head before I'll be able to get out of this mess.
The first couple of times I try, it's too overwhelming and I shut it down again. Then, one day, I see one strand light up. I can see the thread of the voice as it weaves in and around others. I pull on it and untangle it from all the others. Eli. It’s his voice that is now separated. I keep it close so I can
listen when he talks to me.
Cara, Angel, Sirona and Benny are next. I’m not sure if I have a stronger connection to them, or if they are actually somewhere close to me talking so I can hear them, or in this case, see their
voices more clearly.
Once I figure out how to untangle a voice, I start with my pack. I focus on one voice. Amber, Noah, Carlos, until I find their voice and I untangle them from the others. It’s slow going and exhausting work. When I can’t do it anymore, I pull on the thread of Eli’s voice, laying my head beside it and
listening to him. I hear him as he talks to our child and then as he talks to me. I hear him tell me to come back to him. Soon, my love. As soon as possible, I will be there.
I have no idea how much time is passing. There is no day and night here in my mind. Only an intricate web of voices. I finally untangle my pack’s voices from the others then start working on the ones from the other packs that are more familiar to me, Liam, Rik, and their ranked members. One by one, I unravel the massive ball of knots that is in my head..
Eli has begun to sound desperate. I’ve been away too long and he needs me to come back. I can only imagine how he is suffering. If our roles were reversed, I’m not sure I would be holding up as
well as he is. I’ve also realized that when Cara and Angel are talking to me, it helps me to decipher their pack members, making it easier for me to pull their voices out of the mess.
+15 BONOS
As I get closer to the end, I’m able to untangle faster, pulling more and more threads out of the chaos. The voices in my head are quieting down and it makes it easier for me to hear Eli.
When his light shines brightly, I’m on the last group of threads. I can hear his desperation. I can hear his tears and it makes me move faster, trying to get these last voices separated so I can get. back to my mate.
As he finally tells me that our son needs his mother before I hear his choked sobs, I untangle the last knot and it frees my mind from the chaos. I open my eyes and maybe it shouldn't be my first question, but really, how does he know we're having a boy?
When he lifts his head, I can see exactly how much of a toll my unconscious state has taken on him. His face is lined with stress, his eyes look like he hasn’t slept in weeks, and he looks like
he’s aged. How long have I been unconscious?
I touch his face, wanting to comfort him but instead he breaks down, sobbing and all I can do is
hold him. As he sobs, I take inventory of my surroundings. I’m in the pack hospital, I don’t smell good, and my stomach has a small bump where my baby is.
Wait! I was less than a week pregnant when we went to war with the hunters and now my stomach has a rounded bump? I’ve been out much longer than I realized.
As Eli finally gets control of his emotions, he wipes his eyes and nose before reaching down to
kiss my softly on my lips. The tingles rush across my lips, making me sigh. I was worried that his tether breaking might impact our bond, but it hasn’t at all.
+15 BOHO
###Chapter 450
I pull back, looking into his exhausted eyes. “How long have I been out, baby?”
He
cups my face in his hand, his thumb rubbing across my cheek. “It’s been a month, love.” AMONTH! No wonder my mate looks awful.
“Oh Ell, I’m so sorry. But I’m here now. I’m back and I’m not going anywhere.”
I need to get closer to my mate. I want to reassure him that I’m okay and I need to reassure myself that he is okay. There are too many wires and lines connected to other beeping machines
and I can’t get close to him. In frustration, I pull a tube from my nose and start to pull lines from my arms before Eli grabs me.” Careful, baby. Those have been keeping you and our son alive.”
“Well, let's get rid of the others, then. I need to snuggle with my mate.” I tell him and he hops off the bed and maneuvers the lines around, removing the ones that are monitoring me, but leaving
the ones monitoring our son. Our son?
“How do you know we're having a boy?” I ask him again as he lays back down. I curl up next to him and sigh as the feeling of love, protection and comfort flood my system.
“I can smell him. I haven't let Sirona tell me. I wanted you to hear it at the same time, but Liam and Rik both said they knew based on smell, and I do too. He doesn’t smell like you at all He smells like what you said I smell like, sandlewood.”
I smile. We're having a boy!
Sirona kept me in the hospital for another week. She said she is positive that our little boy is doing well, confirming that we are having a boy.
I'd say I was frustrated with being kept in the hospital that long, but I had so many visitors and Sirona also went into labor. So, I got to meet her little girl in the same week that Tula, Lelani and Lolana brought in their little ones to meet me. The twins both had boys and in some odd twist of sprite weirdness, their sons were born at exactly the same time. Luckily, Alexander had Sirona place them in the same room so he could be there for both births. Tula and Thomas had a little girl and I found out from Fanella that she is having a boy. Angel brought Leana to meet me, and she told me she is pregnant again. Cara and I haven’t stopped teasing her about it. She just smiles happily. I can tell Cara is a little jealous, I know she wants another one and Rik has been holding out. I’m confident there’s another baby in her future.
I listened with rapt attention while they told me about their deliveries and holding their precious +15 RONGS
little ones for the first time. I’m so excited to hold my own child. Now, at least, my happiness for them is genuine with no heartache of my own. It’s not that I don’t trust Sirona, but Maia confirmed that our little boy is safely tucked away with her guarding him.
Paisley brought Levi to visit me while I was
in the hospital. She had been getting progressively stronger. I think I finally convinced her to come to a mate gathering. She hadn’t felt confident enough about it until now, but I’m glad she’s going to go. More and more werewolves who are looking for their second chance mates are joining the mate gatherings and several matches have been made. I also tried to convince Benny to join, but he says he’s too old for that.
After returning to the packhouse and Eli and I getting a couple nights of much needed sleep. things got back to normal. Now that the construction is nearly done, Eli, Carlos and Noah were back to their normal morning and afternoon training schedules. We set up transportation so the pups in our pack could be bused to and from school, and Cammy resigned as my Lead Omega to work in her diner with Benny’s assistance. Melinda took over the morning shift and she hired on another omega that she and Cammy agreed could take on the afternoon shift.
Eli and I set up a nursery next door to our bedroom. Jeremy made our bassinet, crib and changing table. Eli took some time to carve little wolves into the furniture once we had it set up in the room. Then he painted the night sky on the ceiling, and I added the moon and some stars for our little one.
I had Anna make all of my baby and maternity clothes. It's good to know a seamstress because in the last month of pregnancy. I felt like my little boy was growing like a weed and I was outgrowing my clothes almost weekly.
Eli and I had agreed that we would name our son after his father. And nearly four months after I woke up in the hospital, we welcomed our son, Emerson Cale to the world.
Cooper
Author 
###Chapter 451
Chapter 0451 One year later
Life is amazing! After the hunter war, after everything settled down with the missing humans and after my mate woke up, things finally began to fall into place.
The birth of my son, Emerson, was the most amazing moment of my life. Well, that is until today. Today, I am holding my baby girl for the first time. Emlyn Grace. She’s beautiful, perfect, just like her mother. And while I love my son more than I could ever put into words, there is something different about holding my daughter. A fierce protectiveness flows through me. It’s a feeling I've had with Emerson, but it’s different, more intense. There is something special about the father/daughter bond and I vow that no one will ever hurt my little girl.
I lay her in my mate’s arms, watching as now the two most precious women in my life curl up and fall asleep together. I gently kiss them both on the tops of their heads before leaving them to rest.
I head back to the packhouse, picking up Emerson from Carlos and Amber. Our baby boom has continued, and Carlos is expecting their third child any day now. Sirona and Noah had their babies back-to-back, a girl then a boy. Angel and Liam have had two boys in the last year and Cara finally convinced Rik to have another baby, a boy this time. The sprites aren’t any better than Angel and Liam and soon we'll have our own pack of hybrids if this keeps up. Especially now that more sprites have mated with our pack’s wolves.
“How is our Luna?” Amber asks me, rubbing her stomach in a gesture I’ve become accustomed to seeing from Grace. “She's tired. Emlyn took her time, but they are both sleeping peacefully now. Come by later to say hi and meet our little girl.”
“We definitely will.” Carlos says, coming up behind Amber and wrapping his arms around her, rubbing the spot that she was rubbing a minute ago. I learned that when I did that for Grace, both of our babies would calm down. They like feeling their fathers. Carlos seems to have picked up on it too.
my
I head to my office, putting Emerson in his chair that he can push around office while playing with the toys attached to it. He can walk without it now, but this way I can keep track of him as he runs into things around my office.
I look over the pack financials. I’m happy to see that our pack is now thriving and has become financially independent. We’ve paid off our debt Liam and Rik and
can now afford to build homes without having to borrow money.
Our nursery is so full, that we’re using the space in the children’s home while we build another one. Nearly all my pack members have a job either in one of our local shops, in the packhouse or with Liam’s company.
Joel and Peyton opened their own shop, selling smoked meats and hot sauce, They didn’t exaggerate the popularity of that hot sauce. As soon as he began marketing his product, the humans contacted him and the sales went through the roof. He has hired a full staff of people to help him produce and distribute his hot sauce. Peyton still works part time smoking meat and making jerky for the kitchens, but half of her stock of smoked meat is now sold in their store.
We had Jeremy build us a greenhouse so we can grow our plants year-round. The sprites are happy to be in charge of the gardens and even I have to admit, they are very useful. Year round, our garden is at peak performance keeping our kitchens well stocked and still providing food for the market to sell to the other packs. I’ve even had packs from farther away contact me asking if we have supplies of certain foods.
Amber’s idea for chickens was another fantastic boon for our pack. We now have hundreds of egg-laying chickens as well as eating chickens. It’s a great way to get the young pups involved in the pack and keeps them busy while earning a little money. And while it doesn’t produce as much money as some of the other businesses, it saves a ton of money, since we never have to purchase eggs or chicken meat for the pack.
With all of the baby booming, one of our omegas has recently opened a baby food store. She makes it all from the food grown in our garden. Between all of the packs, she can barely keep any in stock. She sells out nearly every day. 
###Chapter 452
We do continue to get people coming to our borders, but it’s not so frequent. We always make room for anyone that needs assistance, and we now have a full team of medical professionals who can treat the ones that come to us injured or sick.
After finishing my work, I pick up Emerson and we begin walking back to the pack hospital. I’m not sure if Sirona will release my mate tonight or make her wait until tomorrow. Either way, we’re ready. We have the bassinet in our room for Emlyn and the crib is in the nursery for Emerson. By the time Em is ready for the crib, Emerson will be ready for his toddler bed which is due to be delivered next week. He’s currently into dinosaurs, so that’s what his room is getting decorated in.
When we walk in, my mate is awake and nursing my little girl. She looks up at me and I see the love for our daughter in her eyes shift to her love for me, before she shifts her attention to our son.
“How’s my little man?” She asks Emerson.
“Mama. Mama.” He says, putting out his hands and squirming in my arms to go to his mother. “Hang on, bud. Mom’s feeding your little sister. Do you want to meet her?”
“Yeth.” He says in his baby version of yes.
We walk over and I sit him beside Grace, at Emlyn’s feet. “Do you remember what I told you, son?”
He looks at me. He’s such a smart boy, I swear I can see the wheels turning in his head. “We protect your mom and your sister with our lives, don’t we.”
He smiles, as if he remembers this conversation. “Yeth.”
“That’s right, that’s what good Alphas do.”
Grace scoffs. “Emerson, meet
sister isn’t like your mother ur baby sister, Emlyn. And, you better hope your
or you'll be lucky if she doesn’t beat you for trying
to protect her. She’s an Alpha female in her own right.”
“Can you say Emlyn, Emerson?”
“Emin.”
Grace and I look at each other and smile. “Close enough.” She says, as Emlyn finishes nursing.
She hands her to me to burp while she puts herself back in order and sits up to see her son, but he is all eyes for his sister.
After she burps, I ask Emerson if he wants to hold her. He holds out his hands. I carefully place her in his arms, her head toward Grace in case he drops her head. Grace puts her hand under Emerson’s to help hold Emlyn.
“You're already such a good big brother, Emerson.” She tells him and he bears at the compliment.
Sirona walks in with her clipboard, looking up to see all of us are here. “Good afternoon, Alpha. Hey Emerson. What do you think of your baby sister?”
“Emin.” He tells her.
“That’s right. Emlyn. Aren’t you a smart, young Alpha.”
“Yeth.” He says, very seriously.
Sirona smiles at him before turning her attention back to us. “Did you hear the news? Cara just went into labor.” Cara got pregnant with their third child around the time Grace got pregnant with Emlyn.
“Wow, how many kids is that in the Alpha families for the three packs?” Grace asks.
“Well, currently, Liam and Angel have their four, Rik and Cara will now have three and then our two. So, nine.” I tell her, before smirking. “We're behind, we need to catch up.”
She bursts out laughing. “Maybe we should wait a day or two, Alpha.” She says with a glint in her eye, making my dick twitch in my pants. This woman. I can’t get enough of her. And she knows exactly what she’s doing to me.
“Yeah, wait at least a day or two. Our Luna needs to heal. But if you can promise to give her time to heal, she can go home tonight.”
“I can promise whatever you need as long as I can sleep curled up around my mate tonight.” I tell Sirona.
That night, I lay in bed wrapped around my sleeping mate. I can hear the soft baby sounds coming from Emlyn’s bassinet and the gentle snores coming from the baby monitor in Emerson’s room.
I give myself a moment to enjoy the sounds of my family, all safe and sound in their beds before I let myself drift off to sleep. 
###Chapter 453
Chapter 0453 Nine years later
It's a beautiful day. The sun is shining, the weather in early fall is cooling down and the kids are all happy, healthy and currently running around like crazy people. Cara, Angel and I all had our kids around the same time, so our total of 13 kids are being raised together. Most of them have paired off by age, except poor Richie, whoops, he goes by ‘Rich’ now that he’s a mature 10— year-old. He’s sort of the odd man out, being the oldest male followed by two females who are best friends.
It helped that Liam and Angel kept having babies, so when Cara and I had space. in between our three each, their kids filled in the age gaps. Of course, that doesn’t count for Reagan. That's who Angel calls her “oopsie baby“. Oopsie my Alpha ass. That girl wanted another baby, and she made sure Liam gave it to her. After her difficulty with the twins‘ delivery, I’m not surprised. She almost died giving birth and it terrified Liam, so he said no more. Three years later, Angel wins by getting her last baby.
And then there’s my little family with Eli. Not to be outdone by all the baby makers in our pack, six months after we had Emlyn, we had another baby girl, Riley Paige. Eli and I had agreed that she should have my mother’s name. It was too sad for me to think about calling our daughter Paige, but Eli convinced me we could still honor my mother by giving our third child her name as a middle name. Where Emlyn is my tomboy, running around with Cayden, Cohen and Clint, the three boys that were born within six months of her, Riley is my girlie—girl. She’s best buds with Angel's twins Quinn and Malin. Those three are going to be trouble, I just know it.
Once you add in the Beta and Gamma children from all three packs, the sprites. who gave Angel and Liam a run for their money, and just regular pack baby booms, we are all full to the brim with children. Alexander and the twins had 14 in total. Seven from each twin and every single time, the babies were born at the exact same time. Cara’s pack started making bets on it after a while. Thomas and Tula have six of their own and not to be outdone, Fanella and Christopher have four. And that doesn’t include the other wolves we have mated to sprites that are still pumping out kids every six months.
So, we made the area in between the three packs a children’s playground area. Jeremy and some folks from the other two packs built a giant jungle gym for the older kids, swings, seesaws and other smaller type s for the smaller kids, sand boxes, water areas, pretty much anything you can think of, they included.
There’s even an area for wolves to play. Now that several of our children have started shifting, they are enjoying that area as well.
As I watch, Rich, Lily and Levi run around the wolf area with Hope. When she finally shifted a year ago, we realized what her other shifter was, a bear. Usually, when two shifters mate, the child is one or the other type of shifter. However, the hunters did something and in Hope’s case, she’s a blend of wolf and bear. It’s a strange combination. She’s built more like a bear, but she’s smaller and with markings like a wolf. I don’t know if it's the bear in her, or if her father was an Alpha bear, but the girl is strong. Carlos has had to work with her to make sure she doesn’t hurt other children her age. He’s brought her in to the warrior training, because, at least there, she can’t hurt the adults, or at least not permanently. Personality wise, she’s split down the middle. She loves being part of a pack, but unlike wolves who constantly want to be around others, she needs alone time. I know she gets teased at school, but when she’s here with all of our children, no one dares to say a word to her.
In an interesting twist of fate, Benny became someone's second chance mate. Her mate had passed away and after recovering from his death, she had decided to travel the country to get away from the memories of her life with her mate. She happened to come through our territory and stopped in at the diner. And the rest, as they say, is history. She joined our pack and now she helps Benny manage the diner.
Cammy, Summer and Autumn all found their mates at our mate gatherings. Cammy and Summer stayed in our pack, but Autumn left to join Rik and Cara’s pack with her mate. Paisley also found her mate, but she’s been resistant to agreeing to another mate bond after the issues she had with my father. I hope she finds peace, in whatever decision she makes.
###Chapter 454
We created the Supernatural Council years ago. After the hunter war, we were asked to intervene in supernatural issues. When we created the Council, it was two of the three Guardians, a vampire and a fae. Currently, Aolis sits in for the fae, representing his people. King Urien, the first vampire to come to Angel after the vampire war, sends his son as a representative and my sisters voted to make me a permanent fixture in the Council, since I am an Alpha female. One of them rotates on the council as well. After being petitioned to allow other supernaturals on the council, we agreed that, rather than making them permanent members, we would include a representative of any supernatural species not represented on the council when they were bringing a case to the Council for review. So far, this has worked well. We only had one instance where a demon thought he was going to throw his demon aura around to get his way. Angel and I shut him down, draining him of his energy before kicking him out of the hearing. As punishment to the demon community, we refused to allow any of their members to attend hearings for a year. The next one that showed up was much more respectful.
I love these moments at home. They are made more special by the battles we all fought to get here. All of us have had to overcome trials, loss and heartache. But we’ve persevered and we're here today, making a beautiful future for our children and the children of our pack members.
I'm sitting at a table with my sisters, under an umbrella, all of us sitting in our mates‘ laps. Someone had the great idea to puta convenience store out here, and we all pitched in for that. This way we don’t have to trudge food and drinks every time we come to spend the day together. There are grills for cooking or we can go into the building and buy food. There’s a bar to order adult beverages and right. now, my sisters and I are enjoying iced cocktails while we watch our children. playing.
As I look around, I think Ailduin was right. I think it was always meant to be this way. The Guardians were meant to be with their fated mates. Every one of our girls shows signs of being a Guardian. According to Ailduin, this is the first time in the history of the Guardians that this has happened. It started with Cara, coming from two Guardians who were fated to be together. Now, all of us are creating another generation of Guardians. It makes me wonder if our Guardian. spirits will reincarnate again after our lives end. It feels like we’ve done what the Moon Goddess wanted us to do. We're creating a generation of stronger wolves that can fight for what is right in this world. They can fight for those that can’t fight for themselves.
As I lean into my mate, I push my love for him through our mate bond. Then, I begin sending him images of what I plan to do to him later, feeling how much I’m turning him on and knowing that I have a long, fun night ahead of me.
Cara looks out at the forest, pointing in the direction she’s looking.
“Do you see that?” She asks.
Angel and I nod, but none of the guys can see it.
“It looks like a couple and...are those large dogs or wolves?” Angel asks. “It feels like... it feels like my parents.” Cara says softly.
Angel and I look more closely, reaching out with our auras. She’s right, I can feel Clint. I look at Angel and I can see that she must be feeling what I’m feeling but from Lily.
“I think it is them.” I say. Cara goes to stand, but the couple raises their hands, as if saying goodbye and they fade away. “Do you think...?”
It's Rik that answers her. “If it were you, any of you,” he says, looking at the three of us, “would you allow death to keep you from watching over your family?”
We all look at each other and smile. Nothing, not even death, could keep us from watching over our families. And I know, deep in my heart, that my family, all of our families are safe.
The End.
Cooper Author
Thank you for taking this journey with me. I hope you have enjoyed my first attempt at writing and creating these characters Check out my author’s note after this chapter.
12 
###Chapter 455
Chapter 0455 Hello everyone.
First, thank you for your support in my initial foray into writing. Your support has been amazing and has definitley encouraged me to continue writing.
As you know, my book For the Love of a Guardian is out now. This is Clint and Lily's story which, as you may have guessed, will span to the end of this book. It will primarily focus on their life together and Clint’s life without Lily, but it will follow until the end of this book. This book will move into the primary spot and will begin having daily updates this week.
Also, I have started another series, The Elemental Dragons, and Book 1, The Arena went live today. This will be a completely different series from the Guardians but I hope you'll give it a try and as always leave me a comment and let me know what you think. That book will become my #2, updating Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays until Love of a Guardian is complete.
Many of you have asked if I will continue the Guardian series. I hadn’t planned on having the possibility of so may spin-off options, but when I started thinking about it, there are many I’ve considered an entire Beta series focusing on the relationships of the Betas in the Guardian series (Chase and Lacey, Dustin and Sarah and Carlos and Amber). I've also been bumping around the idea of an Ailduin stand alone that would start back during the time where he met Jinelle and then extending to the current time when he meets Anastasia. Beside those, there are the possibilities of Paisley, Levi, Hope, Thomas and Tula, Alexander and the twins, even Audra (my husband's favorite). Hope is sort of pushing in my mind for her own book and I'd love to see where her character goes, so that’s a strong possibility in the future.
I've also been thinking about a “NextGen” group of books focusing on the kids. I have been planning a spinoff of Aolis and Lily since the first book and that is still being considered. However, Richie, excuse me, Rich’s book has almost completely written itself in my head. So, once Clint and Lily’s story is complete, I'll start on Rich’s story. I'll let you know when that book comes available.
One little tidbit of information you might find interesting, I had never planned to write about the fae in these books. However, when my husband was reading Broken Warrior and got to the part where Ailduin brought The History of the Guardians to Cara, he turned and looked at me saying ‘I hope you're going to write more about that fae. I’d be interested in learning more about him‘ and so the Guardian chronicles were born.
12 
Thank you again for all of your support and your comments. I really do read and appreciate all of them. If you haven’t yet and have a chance, please review any or all of my books. The reviews help boost my rankings and give my books more visibility on the app.
I'd be remiss if I didn’t thank my friends Sarah and Amber. They have supported and encouraged me through this entire journey and became my Beta females for that reason.
Thank you all! Happy reading! 
###Chapter 456
*This book is a prequel to the Guardians Trilogy. However, while it starts before the first book in the Trilogy and can be read as a stand alone, it will span the timeframe of both Books 1 and 2. This book will contain spoilers and references discussed in the other books. It is recommended that you first read Book 1, The Broken Warrior’s Daughter, and Book 2, Alpha’s Guardian Angel before reading
this book.
I don’t know when I fell in love with Clint Nelson. For years, I thought of him as an egotistical man who believed he was the Goddess’s gift to women. He isn’t completely wrong. He is a gorgeous man, with wavy, dark brown hair and emerald green eyes that stand out like jewels on his tanned, chiseled face. His body looks more like it was carved from store than muscle, and I would know, just like every other she—wolf in our pack, I’ve had a good look at what he’s packing. He isn’t exactly shy and is definitely not self-conscious about the way he looks.
If being the best friend of our future Alpha wasn’t enough, he is also a Guardian. For as long as werewolves can remember, there have only ever been two Guardians at one time. They are strong, powerful wolves and are coveted by packs and their Alphas. It worked out that Clint and his wolf, Donovan, were born as a male and were already friends with our future Alpha. It meant that he would be the Guardian for Anders, our Alpha heir, when he takes over as the Alpha of our pack. Because of their friendship and Clint’s strength, it was already planned that he’d become Alpha Anders‘ Beta. But now, he will be his Guardian, protecting him as if he’s Anders‘ own personal bodyguard.
Female Guardians are not always as lucky as Clint. Rumors have spread that female Guardians have been forced into mate bonds with their pack’s Alphas. Because of the strength they bring to the pack, Alphas are unwilling to let the Guardians leave if their fated mates are in other packs. Forcing a Guardian into a mate bond ensures that the Guardian will protect their Alpha with their life while increasing the overall strength and power of the pack.
But none of that mattered to me. I have wanted to be a warrior since I got my wolf, Andra, at age 10. My parents are not ranked wolves but I can be the strongest she-wolf possible. I can ensure that I make myself into the strongest wolf possible, so when I find my mate, I know he will not only be proud to have me as his mate, but I’ll also strengthen his pack if he is from another pack. I have earned the respect of the warriors in our pack, The Canyon Ridge Pack, and even some other nearby packs have taken notice of my strength.
All of that changes when I wake up one day in the middle of my 17th year and my eyes glow gold. A Guardian had died and now, Andra and I have the reincarnated Guardian spirit.
My life is about to change forever, but I’m not sure it’s for the better 
###Chapter 457
“Hey Lils.” My bestie, Calista, says walking up to me as we meet on the road before heading to school. We're in the last half of our senior year.
“Morning Call”
Calista and I have grown up next door to each other. We're the same age and while we may not always be in the same classes, we've always gone to the same schools, done our homework together and have literally been best friends our entire lives. We were born a month apart and our parents babysat for each other and put us in the same afterschool activities through our younger years. Thankfully, we liked each other right away. Otherwise, it would have been miserable.
“How was training?” She asks me. The one thing we haven't done together since she was able to be excluded two years ago. Where I want to be a kickass warrior, Calista is a more gentle soul. She completed the required five years of training but was able to back out after that.
“I got Lucas today.” I tell her beaming. “You took him down?” Her eyes widen in disbelief.
“Yep, pinned him until he tapped out.” I’m practically bouncing on the balls of my feet. Lucas is set to be our next Lead Warrior and for me to beat him is a huge feather in my cap.
“Lily, that’s amazing! I’m so proud of you!” “Thanks Cali.”
As we walk, I hear a car coming up behind us. We move to step out of the way, when the car slows down and the window rolls down. Alpha heir Anders looks over at us, Clint in the passenger seat smirking at us.
“Good morning, ladies. Want a ride?”
Cali has stiffened next to me. Anders has been pursuing her for a couple weeks now. Ever since the day he walked up to her and asked her out on a date. His face was priceless when she turned him down flat. You could tell no one ever said no to our future Alpha. Neither one of us understands why he’s suddenly interested. He never showed any interest in her before. It’s almost like he’s enjoying the chase and it’s making him more determined to catch her.
“Good morning, Alpha. Good morning, Guardian. Thank you, we’re good.” I
-
reply for both of us.
“What about you Cali?” Anders ignores me and asks Calista.
She gives him her best fake smile, making sure he knows it’s fake. “As Lily said, we’re good, thank you.” Clint leans over the arm rest. “Nice job today, Lily.”
“Thank you, Guardian.”
“Clint. Call me Clint, Lily.”
I look at him, but don’t say anything. Other than when we're at training, Clint has never bothered to speak to me. He’s always too busy chatting with the bevy of women that constantly surround both him and Anders. If it weren’t for training, I’m pretty sure he wouldn't even realize that we're in the same pack. That is, until Anders set his sights on Cali. Wherever Anders goes, so does Clint, and Cali and I have always been attached at the hip.
“Last chance ladies, you sure you don’t want a ride?”
“It's a beautiful morning for a walk, Alpha.” I say.
“Maybe next time. See you in class Cali.” And they pull away.
When they are out of hearing distance, Cali grunts. “Ugh, he is so annoying. Why won't he leave me alone?” “Because he’s an Alpha and he’s used to getting what he wants?” I guess.
“Well, he’s the last man I want to be with. He’s practically slept with every girl in our pack. Who would want to be mated to an Alpha that can’t keep it in his pants?”
“Ummm, aren’t all Alphas like that, Cali? And to answer your question, pretty much every she-wolf other than you and me.”
“I hope my mate is a kind, unassuming man who wants a quiet life.”
I look at my dear friend, frowning as we enter the school parking lot. “You do realize we're werewolves, right? Unless you're mated to a human, that whole ‘ quiet life‘ is unlikely.”
She sighs. “Yeah, I know. Hey, what was that with Clint? I don’t remember him ever speaking to you before.” “He hasn't. I guess me pinning Lucas made me worthy,” I make air quotes as I say it, “of his attention.”
“He’s cute.”
“First, ‘cute’ isn’t the word I would use for him. Sexy or hot would be words to describe Clint. Second, he’s just as much of a player as Alpha Anders, so no way am I getting mixed up in that.”
As we walk into the school, we see both men standing next to the lockers surrounded by a group of mostly girls. I’m about to roll my eyes when Clint’s emerald eyes lock onto mine. He’s talking to someone, but he makes a point to wink at me as I walk by. Really?
I shake my head just enough for him to see that I can’t believe he just did that, and I get an answering smirk in return. 
###Chapter 458
As we walk toward our lockers, Cali leans into me. “Did Clint just wink at you?” “Looked like it.”
“Obviously you made an impression on him.”
“I guess. Whatever, it doesn’t matter.” I say as a hand comes down on my open locker door and heat seeps into my back. I look over my shoulder and see Lucas. I want a rematch tomorrow, beautiful.”
“Are you sure you're ready for that kind of embarrassment Lucas?” He leans his 6’2” frame down to my smaller 5’6” frame, his lips grazing my ear. “Winner buys dinner Friday night.”
“Is this your creepy way of asking me out Lucas?” I say closing my locker door and turning toward him. From the corner of my eye, I see Clint scowling in our direction. I wouldn’t be bothered, but Anders is making his way toward Calista and Clint is right beside him.
“What if it is?” Lucas asks me.
“Then I’d say you need better lines, Lucas.” I turn to Cali. “We've got to move, fast.” Her head pops
and starts layer. She sees Anders and Clint headed our way. Lucas turns too
and starts laughing. “Good luck with that.”
We take off in the fastest walk we can without actually running, ducking in and out of other students to get away. “You can run, but you can’t hide Calista.” We hear Anders chuckling as we head to our classes. He’s right, since they have two classes together.
My first class is fine, but my second, Chemistry, I have with Clint. Today, he decides that he is my new lab partner. “Kevin, switch partners with me.”
I raise my eyebrow at him. “Excuse me. Kevin is a great partner and I have no desire to switch.” Okay, that’s not exactly true. Kevin’s a mediocre partner but having to stand close to Clint during our labs every day for the rest of the year, possibly touching him, sounds like torture. I may not want to be with the man, but that doesn’t mean that my body and my wolf are immune to his power and dominance.
‘Mmmm, and have you seen his wolf?‘ Andra asks me. 
“Yes, Donovan's as big or bigger than Zakai.’ Zakai is Alpha Anders wolf. ‘You know that’s because he’s a Guardian. They have the strength of an Alpha, or in Clint’s case, I actually think he’s stronger than Alpha Anders.*
‘I'd love to rub myself all over that fine specimen.* ‘Down girl. We need to get through this class without smelling like we want to jump his bones.’
“Done talking to your wolf?” Clint asks me and I see that Kevin has moved away. It’s not like he was going to challenge Clint to stay.
“Yes.” I say and grab my chemistry book to begin today’s experiment.
I'm trying to ignore Clint, but he leans in. “I bet she likes me.”
“You're implying that I don’t like you, Guardian.”
Asoft growl comes from his chest and he’s standing so close that I can feel it. “I told you to call me Clint.”
“Right, Clint. Well, my wolf is like every other she—-wolf out there. She is drawn to strength and power and we both know, that as a Guardian, you have both. So, your statement of the obvious seems like a pathetic way to have me give you a compliment. If your ego is so fragile that you need me to tell you that my wolf finds yours appealing, then consider yourself complimented.” I say before turning back to my book.
I hear him chuckling before I feel his breath against my neck. “Beautiful, there is nothing about me that is fragile.”
“Good to know. Let’s get started, shall we?”
I'm pleasantly surprised that he’s actually knowledgeable about chemistry. He’s a good lab partner and where I had to carry Kevin through the labs, Clint not only keeps up but is one step ahead of me at times. I can feel my competitive nature pushing forward as we both try to show the other up.
At the end of class, as we’re cleaning and putting our items away for the next class, he compliments me. “You're good at chemistry. I wasn’t expecting that.”
I give him my best fake smile. “Well, I’m not just a pretty face, Clint. And honestly, you surprised me as well. Nice to know that you use all your muscles, not just the ones that the girls swoon over when you flex them.”
“You really don’t like me, do you?” He asks and I swear I hear a bit of hurt in his tone. But that can’t be right, why would he care what I think of him.
I turn to give him my full attention. “It’s not that I don’t like you. It’s that I have no intention of being just another girl in your revolving doorway. I don’t know why you are suddenly giving me attention, but if your goal is to get me into your bed, then I suggest that you walk away now.” I tell him before turning on my heel and heading to my next class.
###Chapter 459
I turned 15 over the weekend. I had really hoped to meet my mate on my actual birthday, but that didn’t happen. Anders and I had gone out both Friday and Saturday nights, hoping that I would find her. Since it didn’t happen, I had settled on the idea that Anders and I would have to travel around to find her. He turns 18 in a couple of months but he’s already feeling a pull to Calista Johns. He thinks she is his mate. He’s been pursuing her but she’s completely uninterested.
It's frustrating him because he’s never had to pursue a love interest. Women usually fall at our feet. It doesn’t even matter how old they are, we’ve both had women old enough to be our mother that have found their way into our beds.
I found the entire situation hilarious until Monday morning, when I showed up at training and smelled the most delicious scent of orange blossoms and ginger. I followed the scent and found Lily Raines sparring with Lucas, Anders future Lead Warrior. He’s already decided that Lucas will take that position, and I agree. Next to me, he’s the strongest warrior in the pack. At least I thought he was until Lily pinned him.
Seeing Lily sprawled on top of Lucas, even if his face was to the ground had Donovan snarling in my head. He didn’t like seeing her touching another male, much less straddling one. Her long, curly brown hair was up in a ponytail, and when she looked up in triumph, I could see her eyes are a stunning azure blue.
I knew she was good, Anders and I have been training her for years, but I didn’t realize she was that good. Maybe I just wasn’t paying attention, but I am now. Both Donovan and I are proud that our mate is strong.
What I wasn’t expecting was for her to give me the same cold shoulder that Calista was giving Anders. Now it’s not nearly so funny. What's worse, it’s pretty apparent that she doesn’t even like me.
Donovan needs to be closer to her, so I switch partners with hers in Chemistry. I realize quickly that she’s not just beautiful and strong, she’s intelligent. And thankfully, I take Chemistry seriously. It’s something that, as a Guardian, I feel I need to have knowledge of, whether it is to save my life or Anders, you never know what type of concoction other supernaturals or worse, hunters will try to inject in you.
When she tells me she thinks I’m after her only to sleep with her, I know I’ve got my work cut out for me. Yeah, I’ve been pretty indiscriminate with my bed partners, but I’ve never given any of them any reason to think that they were anything more than a short-term good time. I’ve always wanted my mate, I just
didn’t really think about the need to wait for her, or how she might feel about me given my extensive history. Honestly, none of the other women I’ve been with cared that I'd slept around. I guess that’s why Lily is my mate, she does care and now I need to do some damage control.
First and foremost, I need to figure out when she turns 18. Then, I need to woo her until then so she’s willing to accept our mate bond when she finally feels it. Two classes later, I’m sitting in Literature. I could care less about books written hundreds of years ago. It will do nothing to make me a better Guardian, but it’s required to graduate, so I’m here. I’m lounging in my chair, my eyes closed and contemplating a nap, when I smell her scent. My eyes snap open as she walks past my desk and sits three seats in front of me. How have I never realized that she was in my class?
###Chapter 460
Chapter 0460 ‘Because you're an idiot.‘ Donovan says to me. ‘Move closer to her, change seats with that girl behind her.‘ I stand, grabbing my bag. “Hey Anna.”
“Hey Clint.” She looks up at me and practically purrs. Damn, I didn’t think this through. I've slept with Anna and unlike Lily, she doesn’t seem to mind being my bedwarmer.
“I was hoping I could get you to switch seats with me.” I give her my best smile Out of the corner of my eye, I see Lily's body go rigid.
4 I watch Anna’s face go from excited to confused before she looks at the back of Lily’s head. “Oh, uh, sure.”
She grabs her things and goes to move past me, placing her hand on my waist and sliding it across my abs. What would have once had me going hard and making plans for tonight, now is just aggravating me. I don’t want Lily getting the wrong idea. “Maybe I'll see you later?” She asks, her hand sliding to the edge. of my jeans.
“Uh, yeah, maybe.” I say getting more and more uncomfortable. Our teacher comes in and Anna moves to my seat, while I sit in hers. I look at Lily, her back is ramrod straight.
The teacher begins discussing whatever novel we're supposed to be reading. I lean forward when the teacher's back is turned. “Hey Lily.” I whisper quietly. The teacher is a werewolf just like everyone else in the class.
She ignores me, so I reach out and begin to tug on her hair. It’s really soft and all I can think about is wrapping my fingers in it while kissing her.
Lily reaches back and pulls her hair out of my hand, glaring at me over her shoulder. I smirk at her and do it again.
“Mr. Nelson, perhaps you can focus more on the class and less on Miss Raines‘ hair.” The teacher calls me out. I hear the class snicker, but I don’t care.
“Sorry Mr. Roberts, but Lily’s hair is like silk. It’s hard to resist.”
“You're a Guardian Mr. Nelson, I’m sure you'll find a way.” He says before turning back around. Lily grabs her hair, pulling it over one shoulder and glaring at me before turning
back around. I’m lost in her scent and have no idea what the teacher is saying. Lily on the other hand, seems to be totally unaffected by my presence and is asking and answering questions.
When class is done, Lily grabs her bag and tries to move past me, but I stand up and get in her way. “What are you doing after school?” I ask her.
“Going home.” She tells me, her head tilted up so she can glare at me, as I’m nearly a foot taller than her. I get lost for a moment in the blue of her eyes.
She goes to push past me, when I remember my point. “Anders and I can drive you and Calista home.” She steps back and looks up at me again. “No thanks, now move out of my way.” I lean in toward her. “And if I don’t?” In one second, I went from feeling in total control of the situation to the next where I am completely at her mercy. Without a care
in the world, she reached up and grabbed my balls in her hand, twisting it just to the point of pain. “If you don't, I'll make sure that you and Anna can’t have any fun tonight. MOVE!” She demands, and I step out of her way.
I watch her walk out of class without a backward glance.
“Smooth move idiot. You pissed off our mate. Fix it!’ Donovan growls in my head. ‘Do you have any bright ideas?‘ I ask my snide wolf.
“Yeah, stop trying to coerce her and get her to like you.* Easier said than done.
+ 
###Chapter 461
What an arrogant asshole! If he thinks because he’s bigger than I am that he can intimidate me, he’s got another thing coming. Did I feel badly that I basically threatened to rip his balls off, not even a little. Did I happen to feel the large bulge in his pants at the same time? Yes, and wow! That's all I can say, wow.
I find Calista at lunch and we decide to find a private place to eat away from either of the men who have decided to pursue us relentlessly. We settle in and I listen to her vent about how Alpha Anders is doing basically the same thing as Clint, moving to sit next to her, trying to talk to her in class, constantly asking her out. It’s maddening. I tell her about Clint and what happened in Chem and Lit classes.
“Do you think they've set up some type of competition between them?” She asks 1.me. “What do you mean?”
I watch as Calista stares thoughtfully out over the track field where we decided to have our lunch. “Well, you and I are basically the only hold outs in the pack. Do you....do you think that this is just a game to see which of them can get one of us into their bed first?”
“That’s a terrible thought Cali.” I say, but then I think about it. Competition. It’s what Alphas and apparently Guardians thrive on. What if she’s right and they've set up some kind of competition between them to see who can make the final stand outs break first.-
“Well, that’s just pissed me off all over again.” I tell Cali. “Do you think they would do that?” My dear friend asks quietly.
I take her hand. Cali is a gentler soul than I am. It’s one of the reasons she didn’t continue in warrior training. She doesn't like to hurt anyone for any reason. Personally, I think she'd make a fantastic Luna. She’s got the perfect personality for it, loving and caring to everyone around her. And when you're in her inner circle, there isn’t anything she wouldn't do for you.
Unlike me, I don’t have any problem causing pain if it gets the point across, like grabbing Clint’s balls. That makes me a much better candidate for warrior than Luna. Although, my path is one I can choose. Calista will have to be mated to an Alpha to become a Luna. However, she is focusing her studies on medicine which is an area she can choose and will be great at.
“I honestly don’t know.” I answer my friend.
After lunch we head back to our next classes. I have one more with Clint, although, judging his reaction to our Lit class, he probably doesn’t realize it. Maybe I can sneak in and find a way to keep him from sitting next to me. Of all my classes, human history is the most boring to me. We have to learn it so we can mingle with the humans, but their history and ours is very different. They tend to focus on their wars, whereas, in the supernatural community, fighting is very common. Packs fight for land, for power and for prestige. It’s not uncommon for packs to attack each other and deaths or permanent injuries are common. It’s one of the reasons that having a powerful Alpha and, in our case, a powerful Guardian is so important. It gives our pack an advantage. Even if another pack challenges ours, it’s very unlikely that they will win.
When I get to my history class, I see that Clint-hasn’t arrived yet. I sit in my usual seat, which is in the front by the window. That still leaves two seats where he can sit and be too close to me, one beside me and one behind me. I’m still trying to figure out how to keep him away from me, when the man in question plops down in the seat beside me.
“That seat is assigned to someone else.” I tell him.
“We don’t have assigned seats in this class, Lily.”
“Don't you prefer the back, Clint? I usually see you snoring away back there.’ “Oh, so you've noticed me?”
“Still fishing for compliments? Don’t you have enough girls stroking your ego and other body parts?” I ask in a snarky tone, and I swear I can see him flinch.
“I think you have the wrong idea about me
I turn to face him, staring him straight in the eye. “Do I?”
I watch as his mouth opens and closes a couple of times, no words coming out. I raise my eyebrow at him and turn back in my seat. “I didn’t think so.”
The teacher comes in and it’s a movie day. I groan inwardly, while most of the class cheers outwardly. The lights go off and Clint subtly moves his seat closer to mine.
I stare intently at the screen. “I’m not fishing for compliments.” He says. “Mmhmm.”
“I do think you have the wrong idea about me.”
I wait him out, not saying anything.
“I just want to get to know you.”
Really?”
“Yes, is that so difficult to believe?”
I turn to look at him. “Why?”
He frowns. “Why what?”
“Why are you suddenly so interested in me?”
I watch as he struggles for an answer. Has no one ever questioned him about this before? Probably not. Calista’s thought about this being a competition comes rushing back to me.
That’s exactly what this is. It's some kind of bet between him and Anders and he didn’t have a back-up story prepared when I asked why he wanted to get to know
1.me. “We’ve never spent any time together. I just thought it would be nice to get to know each other.” He finally says. I grab a piece of paper and begin writing. “Right, you just suddenly decided that after all these years you wanted to get to know me?” “]...well...yes.” I shake my head and keep writing
When class ends, I hand him the paper and walk out of class without looking back. 
###Chapter 462
My name is Lily Raines
I'm 17 years old
I'm 5 foot 6 inches tall
I have brown hair and blue eyes
I want to be a warrior when I graduate
I will not sleep with you, so stop pursuing me.
That’s what I read on the paper that she handed to me as she walked out of class. I read it again and then look at the place where she walked out. This is going to be harder than I thought.
First of all, every time she looks at me, I get so lost in her blue eyes that I can’t even remember my name, much less what we were talking about. I’m guessing by now she thinks I’m an idiot.
“You are an idiot.‘ My unhelpful wolf tells me.
And now she thinks I just want to sleep with her. When she asked me why I’m suddenly pursuing her, I didn’t have a good reason. I don’t want to tell her that we’re mates. I obviously have some damage control to do before we get to that point. And while I was getting lost in the never-ending blue of her eyes, she apparently took my lack of response as me wanting to get in her pants. Which let's be honest, I absolutely do. But not as a hook up or a one-time thing. I want this woman next to me, beside me in bed and in life, forever.
‘Maybe you should let me try. You just keep screwing it up.‘ Donovan says to me.
‘lm open to suggestions.’ I tell him as we walk out to meet with Anders.
‘Let me out tonight. We can find where she lives, and Ill go say hi.‘ It’s not the worst idea he’s ever had.
‘It's better than any idea you've had.‘ Donovan retorts.
“Hey, how did it go?” I slap—shake Anders as I walk up to him, asking about how things went with Calista today. “Like shit. You?”
“Same.” I told him this morning about Lily being my mate. When we saw her and Calista walking to school, I thought it was the perfect way to not only get to know
my mate but give Anders some time with Calista. However, we both got burned.
“We need a plan.” He says to me.
“Donovan wants to try and find Lily tonight. I’m willing to give it a try and see how it goes.”
Anders looks thoughtful. “I think we need something bigger than that. I'll think about it, but it needs to be a grand gesture.” I laugh at my friend. “You're the one with the grand gestures. Just let me know what you need, and I’ll be your wing—man.” His eyes open wide. “That's a great idea!”
“What are you talking about?”
“Top Gun. Bar scene. Singing to his girl.”
“Your voice sucks dude. No one wants to hear you sing.”
“Exactly, I won’t stop singing until she agrees to go out with me.” An evil smile spreads across his face.
I snicker at him. “Okay, but how do we get them to a bar that we're at to make it happen.”
His face falls. “I’m still working on that.”
We climb into his car and head back to the packhouse. My parents moved to the packhouse after I got my wolf and we realized he had a Guardian spirit. Anders. parents wanted to keep me close and protected, while fostering a continued relationship with their son. A couple of years ago, my parents went on vacation and the plane crashed over the ocean. They were never found. Afterward, my room was moved to the Alpha floor so I could be closer to Anders, and we've basically been raised as brothers ever since.
When we get back to the packhouse, we split off to change for training. I’m excited because I'll get to see Lily again. Hopefully, this time I won’t get distracted by her eyes and I can have an intelligent conversation. Anders and I run morning training, while his father, Alpha Patrick and Patrick’s Beta, Calvin, run afternoon training.
I get there early, hoping to catch Lily before training begins. When I arrive, she’s not there yet, so I begin warming up. Other warriors begin surrounding me and warming up with me, but when I see her, I pull away and jog up to her.
“Lily.” I watch as she rolls her eyes. “Clint. I thought my note was sufficient.”
I'm trying hard not to take it personally that she really wants nothing to do with me. My mate wants nothing to do with me. It’s a huge blow to my ego.
“Well. I wasn’t planning to ask you to sleep with me. I wanted to know if would like to go on a date with me on Friday.” you
She frowns at me. I don’t date. I don’t need to take a girl out to get laid. And since I have no inclination to build a relationship with anyone but my mate, I’ve never bothered to put much effort into dating or even getting to know more than a
name. “Actually,” she says as Lucas walks by. She grabs his arm. “Lucas and I are
already going out on Friday night, right Lucas?” She looks at him and I can tell by the way she’s looking at him, that this wasn’t exactly planned. However, Lucas, the dipshit, seems all too willing to oblige.
“That’s right. We talked about it earlier today.”
“Right.” Lily says, dropping his arm. “And tomorrow we battle for who gets the
check."
I can’t help the growl that escapes. First, this asshole is taking my mate on a date and now he might not even buy her dinner? And she prefers that to going out with me? I thought I had a pretty strong ego, but this is insulting.
I turn to Lucas. “You're taking Lily out and you don’t plan to pay for dinner?” I watch as his face pales. I step toward him. “Perhaps you don’t deserve to take someone like Lily out if you can’t be bothered to even pay for the meal.”
Lily steps up to me. “I’m perfectly capable of paying for my own dinner, thank you very much and it’s none of your business.”
I haven't taken my eyes off Lucas. I watch his Adam’s apple bob in this throat. “It was my way of getting her to go out with me. I have every intention of paying for dinner.”
“Is that so?” I turn my attention to Lily. “So I have to defeat you in a sparring match to get you to go out with me?” She scoffs. “I’m not stupid enough to go up against you, Guardian.” Oh, this little spitfire is getting under my skin.
“Afraid you can’t take me?” If she wants to be a warrior, chances are good that she’s competitive. I’m hoping I can use that to my advantage.
“You're a Guardian.” She turns and spreads her arm to include every warrior on the training ground. “If anyone here can take you, you aren’t worthy of the title.”
And once again, she turns on her heel and walks away from me. This time, I don’t even bother trying to hide my growl of annoyance. 
###Chapter 463
The nerve of this guy. I’ve told him I’m not sleeping with him, basically kicked him to the curb and he still wants to try to intimidate Lucas for asking me out. Okay, I hadn’t planned on going out with Lucas. His approach was lame, but I needed a quick excuse, and he presented one when he walked by.
I hear Clint growling as I walk away. Take a hint buddy and then you won’t keep getting turned down.
I walk over to where others are warming up and begin stretching, preparing for training. Alpha Patrick and Beta Calvin call us to order. We're to start running 5 miles before begining the team obstacle course. We all take off and I get into my groove. I enjoy running. It’s my time to clear my head or would be if I didn’t have someone interrupting my peaceful time with the annoying buzz of their voice.
“What will it take Lily bug?” “Lily bug?”
He gives me his cocky smile. “You need a good pet name. Would you prefer Lady bug? Little Lils? Lily of the Valley? That one is awfully long. I think I prefer Lily bug.”
“Lily is just fine.” I say, my voice clipped in my annoyance.
“How about Lily bud? Ohhh, that would work well with your name. Lily bud it is.”
I huff and increase my pace. I needn’t have bothered, he just increased his as well. “So, Lily bud, what do I need to do to get you to go out with me?”
“I thought my note was very clear Clint. I have no intention of sleeping with you. and since we both know that's the only reason you're pursuing me, drop it.”
“I told you, you have the wrong idea about me. I don’t want to sleep with you. Okay, of course I want to sleep with you. You're gorgeous, sexy as hell, strong and smart. But that’s not why I want to go out with you. As I said, I want to get to know you.”
I stop and turn toward him, other warriors passing us by. “To what end?”
“Why can’t I just want to get to know you and you can get to know me. You don’t seem to like me, and I think you should give me an opportunity to show you that there is more to me than just a guy trying to get in your pants.”
I squint my eyes at him before raising my voice so everyone nearby could hear 3/2 1. me. “Does anyone here believe that Clint Nelson wants anything more than to sleep with me?” Achorus of nope’s and no’s answer my question. I give him a fake smile and start running again.
“Okay, I admit my history doesn’t make it seem that I’m looking for something other than a good time, but how will you know for sure if you don’t give me a chance.”
“Not my problem. But if you figure something out, let me know.”
We finish our run and it’s time for the obstacle course. We can run two at a time and Clint makes sure that he’s up beside me. It only takes a minute to see that he is going to push me and try to beat me, but I’m not having it. I’m a good warrior, and while I know that he should be able to beat me, I can’t help myself. I begin pushing myself harder. I can see him smirking from the corner of my eye and he starts pushing harder as well.
We're swinging on rope swings, climbing rock walls, crawling under rope nets. through the dirt and running over elevated stumps requiring balance. As we’ve continued to go through the course, we've started pushing faster and faster, everyone else getting out of our way until the sprint at the end. We race to the finish, grabbing the pole at the same time.
We're both laughing as we collapse to the ground, sucking in air. Okay, that was fun.
Clint gets up first and extends his hand. He’s smiling down at me and I feel my heart flutter. In that instant, I know exactly why and how he can get any woman he wants in his bed. That smile is a panty—dropper. Even I am not immune to his smile as I feel heat going straight to my core.
I take his hand and when he pulls me up, I’m captivated by his beautiful emerald. green eyes. Or at least I am until one of his conquests comes up and brings me crashing back to reality.
“Hey Big Daddy. Will you spar with me today? I could use a little extra training.” She says, letting her hand trail down his arm before she turns and looks at me. You don’t mind, do you, Lily?”
“He’s all yours, Jules.” I say, pulling my hand out of his and turning to walk away.
I can feel his eyes burning holes into my back as I go to find a sparring partner. I was almost looking forward to sparring with him, just to see how good I really am. But I have no intention of rolling around on the ground with ‘Big Daddy’. I'd
even forgotten that was his nickname. Big Daddy Badass. He earned it by defeating our Alpha, Beta and even Anders. Clint is hands down the strongest warrior and wolf in our pack. Just one more reason why she-wolves flock to him. It’s genetics, instinct, I get it. Our wolves want the strongest, most powerful wolves to mate with. The stronger the male, the more likely we are to have strong, powerful pups.
The human side feels differently, of course, but the wolf doesn’t care. She runs on instinct alone and Clint Nelson draws every she-wolf within a hundred—mile radius just by being who he is, a Guardian.
So now, all his little conquests call him Big Daddy. Maybe it’s a kink that he has, I wouldn’t know, and I have no intention of finding out. But it will be a cold day in hell before I ever call him Big Daddy.
I take down my sparring partner in training. Alpha Patrick is there, giving my partner tips before turning to me.
“Lily, you should be sparring with Anders or Clint.”
I smile. “Thank you, Alpha.”
“Tomorrow, you'll spar with Anders. You won't get better unless you are given a challenge.” I’m thankful for the small favor that I'll be sparring with Anders and
not Clint.
Training ends and I head home. I need to shower, but before I do, I need to let Andra out to run. When I get to the forest line, I strip out of my clothes and shift. I drop my clothes off at the back of my house before taking off into the forest to let Andra stretch her legs.
Cooper Author
Hello everyone! I hope you are enjoying Clint and Lily's story so far. I’ve been wanting to write this story since I started Broken Warrior's Daughter. So, here it is, and I hope you like their journey
This book will update Monday Wednesday and Friday until The Banished Beta’s Saving Grace is complete read the Guardians Trilogy check it out
you 
###Chapter 464
1 thought 1 had made some progress with Lily, only for it to all go down the drain when Jules showed up calling me Big Daddy. I never cared about the name before. It started all kinds of fun sex play in the past. But now, I’m trying to erase that memory from Lily's mind and here it is, being rubbed in her face.
Jules is so far beneath my ability that I don’t even have to pay attention to spar with her. Unfortunately for me, she’s more interested in finding a way for us to roll around on the ground together, rather than learning new techniques.
After I pinned her to the ground for the second time, face in the dirt, I realized her intentions were not focused on sparring. As I leaned over her, pinning her to the ground, she lifted her hips and rubbed them against me. While I’m not attracted to her anymore, my entire focus and mind now on my mate, I can smell Lily’s scent from here, so the friction she provides causes me to have a reaction that she mistakes as a response for her.
Jules turns underneath me, running her hands over my abs and biting her lower lip in what is probably a sexy look, but it just doesn’t appeal to me anymore. I’ve been a very bad girl Big Daddy. Maybe you should take me to your room. I think I deserve a spanking.” Her hand begins sliding down my gym shorts. Before they reach their destination, I grab them and without thinking it through I pin her arms by her head. She begins purring and licks my neck.
Before it goes any further, I jump up, looking quickly to see that Lily wasn’t watching. I’m thankful that Alpha Patrick is over talking to her and her partner. I look back at Jules. “Actually, you'll have to find someone else for that spanking. I have to go.” I say before jogging to the forest.
“You okay over there Clint?” Anders laughs at me through the mind link. “Fine.” I growl. “Are you dealing with this shit too?” “Every day my friend. I guess this is the penance we have to pay for being amazing lovers.”
“You mean indiscriminate lovers, don’t you? I’m having a hard enough time getting Lily to even talk to me. The last thing I need is for her to see something like what just happened and get the wrong idea.” I say as I get to the tree line of the forest. I strip and shift, letting Donovan run, trying to work off some pent-up energy and frustration.
“You're lucky our mate didn’t see you.‘ Donovan snarls at me. ‘You need to be more careful. I won’t have anyone but our mate.’ I'm with you, Donovan, but I need to get her on board.”
“Stop being a douchebag 1 told you years ago that we should wait for our mate, but you wouldn't listen.
Fine, you’re right. Is that what you want to heat?!
I wasn’t paying attention, but when Donovan doesn’t respond, I recognize he’s tracking something. I catch the scent and realize he’s not tracking something, he’s tracking someone, our mate.
This is perfect. I had planned to let Donovan out to see her tonight anyway, and now, maybe we can get her wolf to spend time with us.
“Spend time with me, you mean.’ Donovan corrects me.
Donovan starts running faster, catching up to our mate. I see her ahead of us, running playfully through the forest. She seems to be having fun, enjoying the opportunity to stretch her legs. I take a moment to appreciate how beautiful Andra is. Her coloring is similar to ours, but she’s a bit smaller than we are.
Donovan growls low in his chest, alerting her to our presence. Her head whips. around, turning to see us. She gives a quick bark, then starts running faster. I can feel Donovan’s excitement at the prospect of chasing our mate.
Donovan picks up his speed, running to catch Andra. I already know she’s an agile wolf from training. She’s also a strong, smart fighter like her human. I didn’t realize how fast she is. She begins ducking in and around bushes and trees, making Donovan work to catch her. He doesn’t mind the competition at all.
“It will make it that much sweeter when I catch her.” ‘No marking her Donovan, she’s still underage. ‘I know, but it doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy playing with her.”
He’s almost caught up to her and is about to nip at her heels, when she turns sharply and goes in a different direction. Donovan isn't as nimble as Andra, so it takes him a minute to correct his direction before he’s after her again.
She’s coming to an open field which will give us the advantage if she runs. through it. Donovan is the fastest wolf in our pack. Perks of being a Guardian, he can outrun even our Alphas‘ wolves. I’m not sure if she wants to test her speed against Donovan or if she thinks she can outrun us, but when she hits the open land, she pushes herself hard, running full out.
Donovan doesn’t waste any time making up the lost ground. He’s gaining on her although not as quickly as I would have thought. 29
‘She's fast. At least as fast as Zakai.”
‘She’s as fast as Anders‘ wolf? Does she have Alpha blood?”
“I don’t know, but it would make sense since she’s our mate.
I'm not sure what that would mean for Donovan and I and our loyalties. Would they change from Anders to Lily, because she’s our mate?
Donovan gives one last push, kicking off with his back paws and catching Andra’s back end, making her fall. As she rolls, he jumps up and pounces on her, pinning her to the ground.
She nips at him over her shoulder, only half playfully. That must have come from Lily. But Donovan doesn’t seem bothered. He gently bites down on the back of her neck, forcing her submission. Andra growls softly, but she submits.
Donovan begins purring, the sound reverberating through his body into hers beneath us. Even I can feel her body relax. Donovan releases her and begins licking the side of her face, over her eyes and to her muzzle.
Andra turns and licks back, catching Donovan’s tongue. She doesn’t seem to mind submitting to us.
‘I told you, you are the idiot. Our mate doesn’t like us because of you, not me.’ He says rubbing his face against Andra who is more than receptive to his attention. I hear Andra whimper softly before she begins to shift. Donovan scrambles to take his weight off as she shifts back into Lily. When she has completed the transition, she turns, hands on her hips, her glorious body on display for me. “Donovan? What is this about?”
Cooper Author What do you think of Donovan?
Updates are Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. 
###Chapter 465
My wolf has no problem submitting to Donovan, but I refuse to submit to Clint. Before my harlot of a wolf decides she wants to mate with Donovan, I take control
and force her to shift. ‘I wouldn’t have let him mate us, not yet anyway.’ She purrs, and I roll my eyes. at her. ‘What? He caught us. I was running full out and he still caught us. He’s a strong and powerful wolf.”
‘Yes, you've mentioned that before, stop purring. He’s a Guardian, he’s supposed to be top of the wolf hierarchy. Made by the Moon Goddess, remember?”
“Yes, he was.’ She says, still purring.
When I shifted, I hadn’t thought it through that I would be giving Clint quite a show, but it’s not like he’s never seen a naked woman. If the rumors are true, he sees a different one almost every night.
I wait for Donovan to shift back to Clint, but he doesn’t. He sits and stares at me.
“Donovan? I’m assuming Clint wanted to talk to me?” I ask, wondering why Donovan was chasing us if it wasn’t to catch us for Clint.
He shakes his head, no.
“He wanted to play with Andra.” Clint’s voice comes through the mind link.
Andra, of course, rolls over in my head, showing her belly. ‘Really? Have some respect for yourself.’
‘Just because Clint sleeps around, doesn’t mean that Donovan does. I’ve never seen him with another she—wolf.‘
Hmmm, my enamored wolf has a point. Unlike some wolves, who are ast indiscriminate as their humans, Donovan has never shown favor to any of the she -wolves, even though just as many throw themselves at him as Clint. Because of that, I feel my heart thawing a bit toward Donovan.
“You wanted to play with Andra, huh?” I say walking over and running my hand over the side of his face. He woofs at me before leaning into my touch. I can’t help but smile. ‘See? He's perfect.‘ Andra says. “Did she surprise you with her speed?” He pulls away from my hand and looks at 1.me. “We've been running our own drills. She'll beat you one day, Donovan.” I get the wolf equivalent of a scoff. “We’d be happy to train with you. Help you push yourself, so Andra can get stronger and faster.” Clint says over the mind link.
“Thanks, but no thanks. The last thing I need is for people to get the wrong idea and think we are just one of your playthings. We're doing just fine on our own.” I say out loud.
“Thanks for the run, Donovan, it was fun.” I tell him and lean down, kissing the top of his head. He sneaks a lick on my face, licking me from chin to nose.
“Ewww, Donovan! Gross.” I say, wiping my face. I begin walking back toward home. I hear Donovan growl behind me. When I turn, he’s looking at me. “What?”
He runs into the woods next to us, before coming back out as Clint, wearing a pair of shorts and carrying a shirt. He hands me the shirt. “Put this on. You shouldn't be walking around naked for anyone to see.”
I roll my eyes before pulling the shirt over my head. “There isn’t anyone else out here and even if there was, we're all shifters here. Nothing everyone in the pack hasn't seen before.”
I swear I hear him growl again. But I ignore it and turn to walk toward home. Clint falls into step beside me. I turn, raising my eyebrow at him. “The packhouse is that way.” I say, pointing in the opposite direction of my house.
“I'm going to make sure that you get home safely.” Now it’s my turn to scoff. We're on pack lands. There isn’t a safer place for me to be.
“So, you're really going to go out with Lucas on Friday?”
I still don’t really want to go out with Lucas, but if it means I have an excuse to not go out with Clint, then I’m going. “Yep.” “What about Saturday?” He asks me.
“Calista and I have plans.”
“Sunday?”
I stop and turn toward him. “Seriously, Clint. What is the deal? Why are you doing this?”
I decide to take the direct approach. “Do you and Anders have a bet to see who can get the last remaining standouts into your bed? Is that what this is? Because if that’s the case, you'll both lose. We're on to you, and I have no intention of becoming just another number or a notch on your bedpost.”
By the time I’m done, my finger is poking him in the chest, accentuating my words. He reaches up, grabbing and holding my finger.
“Is that what you think?
“It was Calista’s idea, but it makes perfect sense. You and Anders barely gave either of us the time of day and now neither of you will leave us alone? What other reason could there be?”
“I honestly just want to get to know you better.” “I gave you the cliff notes version. That should suffice.”
“It doesn't. I want to know more than just the basics about you Lily. Go out with me. I give you my word as a Guardian that I’m not asking just to get you in my bed.”
Okay, that was unexpected. I’ve only ever known Clint to give his word as a Guardian to Anders and Alpha Patrick. I look at him, searching his eyes for any lie, but I don’t see any. ‘I think he’s telling the truth.‘ Andra says, also interested in why Clint is giving us so much attention.”
“Brunch on Sunday, take it or leave it.” I tell him.
“Done. I'll pick you up...”
“No, I'll walk.” He growls at me.
“No, I'll pick you up. And I’m buying! But I’d still like to spar with you. tomorrow.”
I huff about being picked up. The rumor mill will go wild.
“Alpha Patrick already said that I'll be sparring with Anders tomorrow.”
“I can change that. And I’m serious about Andra running with Donovan. If she wants to get faster, she needs a challenge.” It's basically what Alpha Patrick said to me today about training, so I know he’s
right.
“Tell your wolf that if he tries anything funny with Andra, I'll shift and rip his balls off.”
He smirks at me. “You should have felt the cringe I just got from him, so I guess the message was received.”
I turn and start walking back to my house. “And the same goes for you Clint. Try anything and I'll neuter you.” I say to him over my shoulder.
“Deal, Lily bud.”
I roll my eyes at his new pet name for me. Cooper
Author
What do you think of Clint and Lily’s story so far? 
###Chapter 466
YES! Success! Lily finally agreed to go out with me, but now I need to convince Anders to let me spar with her and I have to tell him why Calista won’t go out with him. I’ve never hated my reputation as much as I do right now.
I wait until I see Lily grab her clothes and walk into her house before jogging back to the packhouse. It’s dinner time and 1 divert up to my room to take a quick shower before heading down to the main dining hall where most of the pack house eats as well as many other pack members that come here after training.
I find Anders sitting with his parents and the Beta family. Charles is Calvin’s son and has been training to be Anders Beta since I got my Guardian spirit at 10. He'll make a good Beta for Anders.
I grab some food and take a seat across from Anders, saying hello to everyone at the table.
“So, how'd it go?” He asks me, referencing my escape from Jules.
“Actually, it went well. Andra was out running, and it gave me an opportunity to finally get Lily to agree to go out with me. “Congratulations! That’s great man. You’d better plan something special.”
He’s right. I need to make this date memorable, so she'll know I’m serious and go out with me again.
“I have a favor to ask.” I say, knowing I'll have to give him something in return, but I already have that up my sleeve.
His eyes narrow at me. “What favor?”
“Your dad has you set to spar with Lily tomorrow and I want to switch with you.” I tell him. As expected, he smirks at me. “And what do I get in return?”
I lean forward, motioning for him to sit forward. He does and so does Charles. “I know why Calista won’t go out with you.” I tell him.
“Deal!” He says immediately. “Now spill.”
“She and Lily think we’ve made a bet to see which one of us can get them into our bed the fastest.” I sit back, knowing the information is good, but also knowing it won’t help him.
“Shit. How did you get Lily to agree to go out with you?”
+26 BOHUS
“I gave her my word as a Guardian.”
He blinks at me for a moment. “I thought you only did that for me and dad?”
“And Lily.” I say, giving him a meaningful look. No one else knows that she’s my mate and I want to keep it that way.
We finish our dinner and 1 head up to my room. I never go to my room this early. I’m always out spending time with the pack members or deciding who will be keeping my bed warm for the night. Now, I have more important things to do and no interest in having anyone but Lily in my bed.
I log into my computer and begin looking up places for Sunday brunch. I search for places with great reviews then search the surrounding area to see what other places I can take Lily. I’ve finally settled on a small diner style brunch place in the mountains, about an hour away. From there, it looks like there is an area where there are hiking trails for humans, but lots of forest surrounding it where we can let Donovan and Andra run.
Afterward, I do something I thought I’d never do. I pick up the book we’re reading for literature and start at the beginning. I have every intention of wooing my mate, and if that starts in the classroom, so be it.
The next morning I meet up with Anders and we head out to training. I’m aggravated that I have to watch Lucas spar with Lily, but at least I know that I'll be sparring with her this afternoon, and hopefully I can convince her to go for a run afterward.
After Anders gets them warmed up, we have them set up to spar. Anders and I go through the moves we want them to practice today before letting them practice. I start by walking around to other partners, helping them get the move and making sure they are taking turns on offense and defense in the sparring positions.
I'm just about to head over to Lily and Lucas when I hear someone go down hard and the wheezing of the wind having been knocked out of their lungs. I look over just in time to see Lily rolling back to her feet, Lucas on his back, his hand on his chest, looking like he’s sucking in air.
I walk over, ready to intervene. “What happened?”
Lily reaches her hand out to Lucas and helps him up. “She kicked my ass, that’s what happened. When did you get so strong Lils?” Lucas asks her.
“Perhaps you were letting her win so you don’t have to pay for dinner on Friday night.” I say. I know it’s snarky and uncalled for, but I’m still pissed that he’s
taking my mate to dinner.
He bends over, hands on his knees, catching his breath. “Nope, she’s just that good.” He looks up at me, frowning. “And I told you I’m buying dinner regardless of who wins today.”
“I've been practicing Lucas, so buck up.” Lily tells him. “Practicing for what?” I ask her. This is the second time she’s mentioned that she’s training outside of our two training classes. “The warrior battles are at the end of the school year, and I want to win.” She tells me.
“Fuck Lily, are you vying for my position as the next Lead Warrior?” Lucas looks offended, when in truth, he should be taking this as competition, so he improves. If he’s going to be our Lead Warrior, Lily shouldn’t be able to beat him.
“It's not your position until you earn it, Lucas.” I say to him. “And besides Lucas, when I find my mate, I'll be leaving this pack, so you don’t have to worry about it.” Lily tells him.
“What makes you think that your mate isn’t in this pack?” I ask her.
She just shrugs. “I would think I'd feel something by now. My birthday is less than two months away.” Oh, Lily bud, if you only knew.
“Okay everyone.” Anders begins clapping his hands to get everyone’s attention. ” That’s it for today. We'll see you this afternoon.
Lily starts walking toward her house. I fall into step beside her. “Do you and Calista want a ride to school? No funny business, just a ride?”
“We're good, but thanks Clint. See you in class.” She says before jogging off. She has a knack for ending our conversations and leaving me standing, watching after her. I shake my head and turn to walk back inside.
“Hey Clint. I was wondering if I could talk to you over breakfast.”
“Is everything alright Suzie?” I ask her. She leans in and whispers in my ear what she'd like for breakfast, namely my dick in her mouth.
“Uh...” I'm trying to think of a way to gently let her down without being rude, when I see Lily out of the corner of my eye. She has turned and is watching the interaction between me and Suzie. She may not know what Suzie said, but it’s not hard to get the general idea. She turns back around and walks off, shaking
her head.
Dammit!
Cooper
Author
Clint can’t catch a break!
Updates occur Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. 
###Chapter 467
Every time I think that maybe Clint is being genuine, he proves me wrong. Why in the world did I agree to go out with him on Sunday. What a terrible idea. I need to figure out a way to cancel.
I get ready for school and walk outside to meet Calista. “Morning Cali.”
“Ok, don’t hate me.” That’s her opening statement. Not a good way to start the day. “What did you do?”
She gives me her ‘I’m sorry’ face. “I sort of agreed to let Anders drive us to school.” “You WHAT! Why would you do that?”
“I didn’t have a choice. He literally showed up at my door last night. I thought my parents were going to fall over themselves when they saw it was him. Then when he asked if he could take me to school today, my parents told him yes!”
I throw my hands up in the air. “That must be why Clint said something about giving us a ride to school today. Ugh, Cali! I do NOT want to ride to school with them. Clint was already finding a quickie right after training this morning and if we show up together, people will assume that I was his next conquest.’
I think for a minute. “Let’s walk fast. Maybe if he’s running late, we'll already be at school before he catches up.”
“I can’t.” She turns and points to her front windows. “My parents are watching.” Sure enough, I could see her parents trying to look out the window through the blinds, but it was obvious they were there.
“Please don’t make me drive to school with them by myself.” She pleads with me. How can I say no to my best friend. “You owe me!”
“You're the best!” She says as we hear a car coming up behind us.
Before I can even turn, Clint and Anders are out of the car, opening doors for us.
“Calista, you can sit up front with me. Clint can sit in the back with Lily.”
I grit my teeth and move to the door that Clint is holding open for me. As I move to push past him, he puts his hand in front of me, stopping me. “It wasn’t what you think it was.”
“It's none of my business what you do or with whom Clint.” I duck under his arm and get into the car, crossing my arms over my chest.
I hear him sigh before closing the door and walking around to get in beside me. When they get in, Anders immediately begins talking to Cali. Clint leans in toward me, speaking quietly.
“I don’t want you to think that anything happened. I’m serious about our date and that I have no expectations other than us spending some time together and having fun.”
“As I said, it's none of my business. But just out of curiosity, why bother taking me out at all when you have every other female in this pack practically begging at your feet.”
“I want to get to know you. Is that so hard to believe.”
“I agreed to go, so we'll go.” Turning to look out the window.
“Where are you going?” Calista must be trying to get out of her conversation with Anders. “I agreed to go to brunch with Clint on Sunday.” I tell her.
She turns around in her seat. “You did?”
“Well, Friday I’m going out with Lucas, and Saturday, you and I are going out.” I look at her meaningfully, so she’ll know I used her to get out of a date with Clint. “Then he gave me his word as a Guardian that he wasn’t going to try to sleep with me. So, brunch it is.”
“Where are you going?” She asks and I can tell Anders isn’t happy that his time with Cali has diverted to talking about me. “There’s a place in town...” I start to say, but I’m cut off by Clint.
“That’s not where we're going. I found a place that I want to take you.”
“What? Where?” I ask him..
“It's a surprise, but it is off pack lands.”
When we get to school, I immediately jump out of the car. “Thanks for the ride, Alpha, Clint.” I incline my head to both of them before grabbing Cali and racing toward our lockers.
“Please tell me that was a one-time thing.” I say to her as we open our lockers and start pulling out books. She gives me a side eye. “It might be for the entire week.”
I roll my eyes. “Seriously, Cali?”
“Not my fault!” She says as we part ways and head to class
My day is much the same as yesterday. Clint is still my partner in Chemistry. I can’t tell if he’s showing off or if he just cares about chemistry, but he’s really good at it. I appreciate him as a lab partner. It makes the class easier and more enjoyable.
What is different from yesterday is Literature. Suddenly, Clint seems to have read the book and not only answers some of the questions, much to the surprise of everyone in the class including our teacher, but he also challenges some of my ideas. Seriously? Who is he?
In history, the movie is still going, so Clint pulls his desk closer, leaning in. talked with Anders, you'll be sparring with me today.” “I
“Well, that should be fun.” I say, not looking away from the boring ass movie. that we're watching. Nothing about sparring with Clint sounds fun. It sounds like. a recipe for disaster.
“You want to win the warrior battles at the end of the school year, right?” He asks me. Now I do turn to look at him. “Yes.” “Then, it would be in your best interest to spar with me and then let Andra train. with Donovan, don’t you think?”
He has a point, but somehow, I feel like he’s using this to his advantage to get me to spend time with him.
At the end of the school day, I’m at my locker when Calista joins me. I turn to her. “We’re walking home, right?” Just as I say it, Anders steps up behind her. “Everyone ready?”
I look at Cali. She never mentioned having to go home with them too.
“Pleeeeeeeease!” She mouths to me.
I put on my best fake smile. “Ready.” I say, just as Clint walks up behind me.
“Actually, Lily and I are going to walk home. It'll get us warmed up for training. We'll see you there,” Clint says. I turn to him. “We are?”
He hooks his arm around my neck, pulling my bag from my shoulder and putting it on his. “Yes, we are.” He turns me toward the entrance of the school I look over my shoulder at Cali, my eyes wide. Her eyes are just as wide, but Anders has quite a smug look on his face.
“You two set this up, didn’t you?” I ask Clint
“I have no idea what you mean.” He says.
As we walk out of the school, I see nearly every female turn to glare at me.
Great
Cooper
Author
I hope you are enjoying Clint and Lily’s story. Updates occur Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. 
###Chapter 468
Anders asked me earlier to find another way to get Lily home so he could have some alone time with Calista. Since I didn’t bring my car, I decided that a ‘warm up‘ walk home would have to do. But in truth, I’m glad to have the time alone with Lily too.
I feel her body stiffen as we walk out of don’t really care if everyone knows the school. Yes, I’m making a statement. I I'm interested in Lily. In a couple of months, they'll all know that she’s my mate. Until then, I could care less what they think.
I decide to keep the conversation focused on our sparring session today. “So, tell me where you think your strengths and weaknesses are in your training?” I have my own ideas based on the obstacle course yesterday, but I want to know what her thoughts are.
As we walk, I realize she’s very aware of her strengths and weaknesses. It’s not always something that warriors recognize or are willing to discuss about
themselves. They usually can identify their strengths but not their weaknesses or how they can work to improve their weaknesses.
Lily, however, has a lot of ideas about how to improve. She just needs to have. someone to spar with that can give her a challenge. I would have thought that Lucas could have done that, but I’m starting to realize that I've been underestimating Lily and so has Anders.
When we get to the place where we must split to go our different ways to change, I hand her bag back to her. “See you in a few, Lily.”
I jog to the packhouse, dropping my bag off in my room and changing quickly. I haven’t been this excited about sparring in a long time, probably not since I battled Alpha Patrick. I have a thought forming in my head about how to use Lily’s ideas and how to give her the workout of her life today.
When I get downstairs, I go to Alpha Patrick. “Alpha, I spoke to Anders and I’m going to spar with Lily today. I’d like to train her my own way. She’s better than I realized, and she has some good ideas for how to improve, but I want to really push her.”
“Anything I should know, Clint?” Alpha Patrick isn’t stupid, and he somehow manages to have his ear to the ground about everything going on in the pack. But I’m not ready to discuss that Lily is my mate with anyone other than Anders. “No, I just want to make sure that she gets the individualized training that she
needs.”
“Mmmhmm.” I can tell that he doesn’t believe me, and that’s okay as long as he gives me permission to train Lily. He looks at me for a long minute. “Okay, as long as you tell me what's really going on as soon as you're ready.” “Deal, Alpha.”
“And we agreed you'd call me Patrick, Guardian.”
“Thank you, Patrick.” I say before turning to see Lily headed my way.
“Lily, you're with Clint.” Alpha Patrick says.
As Alpha Patrick walks away, I give her a grin. “You're with me.”
She rolls her eyes but turns to listen to today’s instruction.
“Actually, Alpha Patrick gave me the okay to work with you individually. I want to see what you've got.” I tell her and motion for her to follow me a little ways away.
She follows, but looks back, making sure that we won't be called back.
When we're far enough away, I turn and get into a defensive stance. “Show me what you've got.”
She looks at me like I’m crazy. “You want me to hit you?”
“I want you to try to hit me.” I clarify.
“What about kicking? Can I kick you?” She asks, her smile turning devious.
“As I said, you can try.” I give her a confident smirk. I don’t care how good she is, I’m a Guardian. She was right that there is no one that can defeat me, except possibly another Guardian. And the only other Guardian on the planet lives in another pack. 
###Chapter 469
Chapter 0469 1.e.ltsa
I watch as she eyes me critically for a moment before taking a jab at me. testing in and I block it easily. She bounces on her toes before coming at me again. This time she goes for a jab before spinning trying to get her elbow into my stomach. I block the first one, having to move to block the second before she actually hits me.
When she dances back this time, I can see her excitement at the challenge, and I know we’re about to get started.
I'm amazed by her skill. I've been training her for years. How have I missed that she’s this good? She’s either been holding out or she’s been practicing a lot of extra hours on her own. Or possibly both.
She’s fast, but not as fast as I am. It’s her agility which is better than mine that equals our abilities out. She and I begin a dance of sparring. While I don’t want to take her out, I want her to know when she’s left herself open. So, I give her more gentle punches than I normally would. I could have taken her down, but I really am enjoying the back and forth. She’s got a very different style than Anders, Patrick and Calvin, relying on her agility and intelligence rather than her speed and strength. She’s a fast learner too. Each time I tag her, and I go for the same move again, she blocks me.
I haven't been paying attention, enjoying the battle back and forth, so I’m a little surprised to see the warriors begin to circle us, clapping and hollering. I can see that Lily really wants to beat me. We both have sweat pouring down our bodies. We've been sparring non-stop for nearly two hours. Time to end this for today. I still want to give Andra time to work out with Donovan.
I move to take her down, but it’s a move that I used earlier, so she dodges me. She kicks out her leg, to swipe mine, but I jump over it, rolling and coming right back up. She’s back up already as well. I begin using more strength trying to get the upper hand and pin her. I can’t believe how fast she is. The more she dodges me, the more the group is cheering for her.
I finally get an in and I grab her leg. She tries to pull away, and when that doesn’t work, she jumps up, attempting to kick me in the head with her free leg, or possibly wrap her leg around my neck to swing me to the ground. Either way, I see it coming and I grab her second leg and send us both to the ground, covering her body with mine, pinning her arms above her head.
“Gotcha.” I say so only she can hear me. We are both panting and we're so close that I can feel her body's warmth and her breath on my face. I look into her blue
*
eyes, smelling her sweet scent of orange and ginger. I’m totally distracted and without realizing it, I'm leaning in to kiss her and that’s when she gets me. Her knee connects with my balls and my trance is replaced with pain as it feels like she shoved my balls up into my throat. I can hear every guy on the field gasp or groan in solidarity of my pain. Lily, however, hops right up.
“Thanks for the sparring match, Clint. But don’t think for a second that means you can kiss me.” She says turning and walking away, leaving me rolling around on the ground, holding my balls.
Cooper Author
Lily for the win!
I got ahead so I thought I’d give you a bonus chapter this week. +25 BONU
###Chapter 470
I can’t believe he was going to kiss me! Not just kiss me, but kiss me in front of every warrior in our pack? Not happening. I might have kneed him a little harder than I intended. It was a knee-jerk (ha ha) reaction and I know it hurt. At least he'll think twice before trying to kis
me again. And he’s a Guardian. I’m sure he'll heal and won't have any lasting effects that might keep him and his future mate from having pups. At least, I hope so. I have nothing against his future mate. ‘Do you want to risk a run, Andra? It’s possible that Donovan may come looking for you again.*
‘Yes. I need to train, and I don’t mind Donovan. Maybe he can catch me again and lick my muzzle while he pins me to the ground.” She purrs in my head.
Thankfully Donovan seems to care more about waiting for his mate than my wolf does.
‘I didn’t say I wouldn't wait for our mate. I just said I wouldn’t mind Donovan pinning me to the ground. There's a difference.‘ She says, huffing at me.
“Whatever.' I tell her.
I'm about to strip and shift when my dad walks up behind me. “What was that with Clint Nelson at training just now? It looked like he was about to kiss you.” “Well, I don’t think he’ll make that mistake again, since I shoved his balls so far up into his body, he may never be able to have pups.” I say, thinking my father will laugh it off.
“You need to stay away from him Lils. He’s a Guardian. Nothing good can come of that for you.”
“I know dad. Don’t worry, I’m not stupid enough to think that he wants anything to do with me other than getting in my pants.” Although Clint did give me his word as a Guardian that he wouldn’t try anything and now I'll have to find a way to meet him somewhere other than my house on Sunday, so my parents don’t find out I went out with him. Ugh!
When my father goes inside, I strip out of my clothes and shift, heading for the forest. Andra is running, doing sprints up and down rocky terrain and around rocks, leaping over gaps in the landscape, trying to extend the distance of her jumps.
We've just leaped another break in the rocks, when Donovan tentatively approaches us. I can tell he’s unsure of his welcome after my encounter with
Clint, but Andra is happy to see him and immediately runs up to him, rubbing herself against him.
He nips at her playfully and they take off. I have to admit, Donovan puts Andra through her paces. He’s not as agile as she is, but he’s very strong and fast. He pushes her for another hour before we call it a night. They race back to my house, Donovan nipping at her heels all the way, Andra yipping happily at his attention.
When we get to the tree line, I stop. Donovan stops too, looking at us curiously, waiting for us to head to my house.
“My father doesn’t want me spending time with you. So, it’s better if he doesn’t see you walking me home.” I say to Clint in the mind link.
“Your father doesn’t want you spending time with the pack’s Guardian?” He asks.
“My father doesn’t want me spending time with Clint Nelson. You don’t exactly have a good reputation, and he saw you almost kiss me today. It didn’t go over well.”
“How am I supposed to pick you up for our date on Sunday if he doesn’t want you going out with me?” He asks, and I can hear the irritation in his voice. 
###Chapter 471
Chapter 0471 “I'll meet you somewhere and we can go.” I say.
I watch as Donovan shifts back to Clint. As soon as he shifts, he stands, hands on his hips. “I’m not hiding from your parents Lily. I'm an adult and you are almost 18. I have no problem speaking to your parents, but I won’t sneak around behind their backs like I'm some randy teenager. They should be proud that I want to date their daughter.”
“It's not the dating part that he’s worried about, I’m sure. It’s you trying to get into my pants that he’s concerned about.” I mind link, still in Andra’s form. I’m taking full advantage of being in her body to take a good long look at Clint’s body. He’s solid muscle, lean and muscular with broad shoulders and a deep V going to his waist. His adonis belt draws my eyes directly to his penis which, even hanging between his legs, looks big.
“Can you please shift back so we can talk. I’m serious about this Lily. I’m not sneaking around behind your parents’ back. I don’t care who knows that I want to date you or who sees us. I’m not going to hide you or us from anyone.”
I shift back, standing up, and it’s my turn to put my hands on my hips. “But that’s the thing Clint. There is no us. You already told me you’re looking for your mate and I’m not old enough yet to find mine. So, maybe my dad's right, maybe we should forget Sunday.”
He growls, taking my arms in his hands and leaning over me. “No, Lily. Why can’t you see that I want more than to just have sex with you?”
“I don’t know Clint. Maybe because you've never done anything else with the females in your life.” I regret causing the look of hurt I instantly see in his eyes, so I decide to leave before I say anything else hurtful. “I've got to go.”
I turn and walk to my house. When I grab my clothes, I turn and see him standing at the forest’s edge watching me. I walk inside, closing the door behind me without acknowledging him.
I'm in my room after dinner doing homework when I hear our phone ringing. It hear my father answer the phone and when the tone of his voice changes, I listen in.
“Of course, Alpha.” Silence while my father listens..
“I meant no disrespect.” Silence.
“No, of course I won't stand in the way.” Silence.
“Yes, Alpha.” I hear the phone hang up. That was odd.
Amoment later, I hear my father walking to my door. He knocks before walking in, not waiting for me to answer. “When were you going to tell me about your date with Clint Nelson.” He snarls at me.
“What?” “That was Alpha Anders. Apparently, Clint went to him and asked him to intervene, saying that I wouldn't let you go on a date
with Clint. He wants to know why I feel his Guardian isn’t good enough for my daughter. So, I'll ask again. When were you going to tell me that you were going on a date with Clint Nelson?” He’s practically yelling when he’s done.
“Clint asked me out, yes. Andra and I ran into Donovan while she was training tonight. He helped us train and afterward he walked us home. I told him you didn’t want me dating him and he was angry, but I didn’t think he’d go to Alpha Anders.”
“Well, he did. So, apparently, you’re going out with Clint whether I like it or not. He yells, before turning and slamming my door as he walked out. 
###Chapter 472
If Aaron Raines thinks he’s going to keep me from my mate, he has another thing coming. He may not know she’s my mate, but every other father in this pack would be thrilled that I wanted to take their daughter out.
I wait until I hear the shower running before grabbing a pair of shorts hidden in the trees for when we shift and going to her front door. I knock, waiting. When the door opens, it’s her father.
“Mr. Raines.” He steps outside, closing the door.
“Clint Nelson. What are you doing here?”
“I wanted to speak to you about dating your daughter.”
“Stay away from my daughter.” He says, turning around and slamming the door in my face. What the...?
As soon as I leave, I go to find Anders. I find him in his room. I don’t bother with pleasantries. “I need your help.” He stands up, seeing that I’m irritated, pacing in his room.
“Whatever you need Clint.” He says, coming to put a hand on my shoulder, trying to calm me down.
“Aaron Raines doesn’t want Lily going out with me.” I can see the tips of his lips pulling up as he tries not to laugh at my situation. I, however, can’t find the humor in it. She’s my fucking mate and NO ONE will keep me from her.
“Nevermind, I'll figure it out myself.” I snarl, turning to walk out.
He grabs my arm, holding me in place. There is no evidence of a smile now. “I never said I wouldn’t help you, Clint. You've always been my friend first, my brother. I would do anything in my power to help you and this is in my power. Why don’t we go down to dinner and you can fill me in. I'll make a call afterward and straighten this all out.
And this is why Anders will make a good Alpha. Unlike me, that can go off all hot- headed, he keeps his wits about him and thinks things through, strategizing the best way to handle something.
I nod. “Thanks man.”
He puts his arm around my shoulders, leading me out of his room. “That's what we do, right? We help each other.” 
Over dinner, I explain everything to Anders. He whistles appreciatively. “I can help you with her dad, but you need to/ things out with Lily. Are you sure you want me to intervene? It might cause more problems between you and her.” “I'll figure that out, but yes, please do this for me.”
“Okay, just know I won’t interfere if Lily kicks your ass for this.” He says and we walk back up to his room.
He dials the phone, and I can hear when Aaron answers.
“Aaron, this is Alpha Anders. How are you this evening?”
I hear Aaron respond, before Anders continues.
“I'm wondering if you can help me with something.” He says. Nice. Get him to agree to comply before telling him what it is you want from him.
“I understand you don’t want your daughter seeing my Guardian. Is that correct? I snort when Aaron says he meant no disrespect. “So, you won’t stand in the way of Clint taking Lily out this Sunday as planned?”
I breathe a sigh of relief when I hear him say he won’t stand in the way, not that he would go against Anders, but he could as Lily's father.
“If you have any concerns about my Guardian seeing your daughter, please bring them to me or my father, we will be happy to mediate a discussion to resolve any issues.” When he hangs up, he looks at me. “You should consider telling him that you are. Lily’s mate. It may change his mind about
you.”
I'm shaking my head before he finishes. “I don’t want anyone knowing before she does. There’s no way her parents won’t act differently and she’s smart enough to figure it out.”
That night, I go online and order a guitar. I have an idea for something special for Lily, but it will take some time, especially since I don’t know how to play the guitar. At all.
The next morning, we pick up Lily and Calista outside Calista’s house. When I step out of the car to open the door for Lily, I see her father standing at the window of their house, watching me. I nod my head at him, but he turns and walks away without acknowledging me. Whatever, it’s his daughter that needs to like me. I can work on the parents later.
However, I realize quickly that Anders was right. Lily is furious with me. She
barely speaks to me on the car ride to school and when I follow her to her locker, she pulls me into a hallway before lashing out. “How dare you! How dare you go to Anders and have him call my father.”
I cross my arms over my chest. “I told you I wasn’t going to sneak around, Lily.” 
###Chapter 473
"Then just go find someone whose parents don't care if you date them." She says.
"I don't want to date anyone else. I want to date you." I tell her.
She throws up her hands and walks away, leaving me standing there watching her once again.
Throughout the rest of the day, I learn the true meaning of 'cold shoulder". If she didn't have to speak to me in class, she didn't. If she does, she uses the smallest number of words possible to answer me. By the end of the day, I'm frustrated.
I'm thankful that we have training this afternoon and I'm set to spar with her again. However, when I get there, I see that she is paired up with her father. I'm not sure if that was his doing or hers, but I leave it be for today. After training, Donovan and I go for a run, but Andra isn't out tonight.
The next day starts out much the same. By Chemistry, I've had enough.
"Lily, stop this. All I want is to get know you. I'm sorry I went to Anders to help me with your father, but there is no reason for him to black me taking you on a date."
She's not looking at me. She's staring at our test tube as I'm putting the ingredients into it. I see a frown form on her face before she looks back at her chemistry book.
"Dammit Lily, why can't you just give me a chance?" I'm whisper yelling since we're in class.
"Clint, I think you put too much..."
I cut her off. "Lily, I don't give a shit about this. Please just look at me and talk to me!" I say, but as I watch her eyes go wide. I turn my attention back to the test tube, just as the red liquid explodes all over me.
I'm stunned. I have no idea what I was doing, or why this exploded. But suddenly, I hear the most beautiful sound I've heard in days, Lily's laughter. I wipe my eyes and look at her. She's bent over at the waist, not even trying to hide her mirth. It's contagious and I begin laughing as well, looking down at my ruined clothes.
Our teacher comes over looking at me. "Well, Mr. Nelson, this is what happens when you don't pay attention in class." I can hear Lily snickering until he walks away, and she again bursts out laughing.
She grabs a towel and begins wiping off my face. I stand still, thankful that she's at least touching me and enjoying the laughter and happiness on her face.
When she finally looks at me, I can't help but smile. She's so beautiful. She has stopped laughing but her lips are still twitching. "1 hate to tell you, but I think your skin will be tinged red for a while."
I take her hips in my hands, pulling her closer to me. "Please forgive me, Lily. I don't like you not talking to me. I don't like you angry with me."
She sighs but doesn't pull away. "I'm still not happy, but I forgive you. Honestly, my father seems over the top about it all. I'm not sure what his reasoning is, but he's agreed to let me go out with you. But I'll say it again. Try anything with me..."
I cut her off. "Trust me, my balls still hurt. Your knees are deadly. I just want to get to know you, Lily. And I want you to get to know me. Not Clint the flirt, or Clint the Guardian, just Clint the man."
She smiles softly, "Fine. Andra's been whining about missing yesterday with Donovan. She's quite smitten with your wolf."
I feel Donovan pushing forward, and I know my green eyes are rimmed with gold. "And I am quite smitten with her." Donovan
says.
Lily's eyes darken as Andra pushes forward. "Can we train this evening?" She asks him.
"Yes, little wolf." He says and kisses her nose. Immediately, Lily pulls Andra back, looking around the room quickly. I'd forgotten we were in class, but no one seems to be paying attention, worried their test tube might explode like ours did.
"Behave, Donovan." She whispers before I can pull him back. I smile down at her and watch her blush at my attention before she pulls out of my hands. She turns and begins to clean up the mess I made.
"Do you know what I did wrong?"
"Yes, you weren't paying attention which can be dangerous in Chemistry. You're lucky it wasn't something acidic!"
She's talking to me again and she's agreed to train with Donovan. I'd suffer the embarrassment or even the pain of acid any day if
that's what it takes. She's worth it.
###Chapter 474
I probably shouldn't have laughed so much at Clint. But here he is, this Guardian of Alphas, looking like a big tomato. He did seem very sincere when he said he wanted my forgiveness. I’m finding it harder and harder to resist him. Yesterday at training, I thought we would train together again, but my father pulled me in as his training partner and Clint didn’t fight it. Then afterward, my father forbid me from letting Andra train.
This morning, however, my father couldn’t find a way to keep me away from driving with Clint and Anders without making it obvious to our future Alpha that he was trying to keep me away from Clint. Something is off with my dad. I’m not sure what’s going on, but his response to me seeing Clint is excessive and not in line with other times that I’ve been asked out on dates. Even more strange, my father is going to visit another Alpha over the weekend and he’s insisting that I go. I told him I had plans Friday night, so we’re going Saturday and coming back early on Sunday.
I don’t see Clint the rest of the day. I’m guessing he went home to shower and change. When I get to training, I see him. He’s talking to Alpha Patrick, whose lips are twitching. Clint is still a shade of red that makes it look like he’s got the world’s worst sun burn. My dad calls me over at the same moment that Alpha Patrick looks up and sees me. “Lily, you’re with Clint today.”
I look at my dad and see him grinding his teeth, but there’s nothing he can do about it and it’s not like anything is going to happen on the training field. I turn and walk over to Clint. He’s watching my father’s reaction and his fists are clenched and his eyes are narrowed.
“Clint.” I say, putting my hand on his arm. I wait until he looks at me. “Ready for an ass whooping?” I say, hoping it will pull him out of his anger at my father’s
resistance to him. He laughs outright. “Let’s go Lily bud.”
We move away from the rest of the group again and he takes a defensive stance. Let’s see what you remember from the other day.”
I get into position. “You know, I’m having a hard time taking you seriously when you look like you forgot to put sunscreen on before laying at the beach all day.”
“You'll be taking me seriously when you're face down in the dirt.” He says, giving me the ‘come on‘ gesture with his fingers. He pushes me harder today and his punches are stronger. But I hold my own and 1/3
we go the full two hours again, pouring in sweat by the time we're done. He’s careful not to get too close when he takes me down, so we don’t have any more knee—meeting—groin issues.
Afterward, I see my father waiting for me and I know he’s going to forbid me from training Andra again. I sigh, about to walk toward him when Clint grabs my hand and pulls me to the forest. “What are you doing?” I ask him.
“Time for Andra to get her training.” He says. But I know he’s making sure my father can’t keep us apart. The whole thing is bizarre. Any parent would be thrilled to have a Guardian giving their child individualized training. Any parent but mine. My mother’s not a warrior, and she won't go against my father anyway, so she’s no help.
When we get to the forest, we strip and shift. Once again, Andra is excited to see Donovan and he seems just as excited to see her. He runs her for over an hour, pushing her speed and her dexterity over the rocky terrain of the pack lands. When we’re done, he walks us back to our clothes where we change before he turns to walk me home.
“So, you're still going out with Lucas tomorrow night?” He asks me. “Um, yeah.” I guess I am, I haven't exactly had a moment to talk to Lucas since Tuesday. “Where’s he taking you?” He asks.
“I'm not sure.” I say, because I have no idea. I’m not really looking forward to this date. But I guess I better ask him tomorrow, so I know how to dress.
“And you're still going out with Calista on Saturday night?”
“Actually, no. My dad wants me to go with him to the Blue River Pack, so we're leaving Saturday and coming back in time for our date on Sunday, since dad told Alpha Anders he'd allow it.”
I watch Clint’s brows furrow. “The Blue River Pack? Why there?” I shrug. “No idea, but he wants me to go.”
Clint is quiet longer than normal. I stop and turn to him. “What is it?”
“Alpha Mahli is looking for a mate.” He says, looking at me with concern in his eyes, but I laugh it off. “I'm not old enough to find my mate. My birthday isn’t for almost two more months.” I tell him. “Right.” He says, but I can tell he’s not convinced. “But you’ll be home for our
date?”
“That’s what my father said.”
“Is your mother going too?”
“I don’t think so. My father said he has some business with the Alpha.” 
###Chapter 475
When we get near my house, we stop. “Lily, I want you to promise me something.” He’s gotten very serious. “Okkkkaaaay.” I drag out the word because he’s being dramatic.
“If anything happens, if anything feels funny this weekend, I want you to call me. Do you have my number?” He asks. “Is this your way of getting my phone number, Clint?” I ask him, putting a hand on my hip.
“I have your number, Lily.” He says, a ghost of a smile on his face. “But do you have mine?”
“No, I don't.”
“Till text you tonight. Put my number in your phone. This weekend, if something happens, call me and I'll come get you.” “You're serious?” I say, frowning.
“I'm very serious.”
“Okay Clint.” I say, shaking my head.
“Now, get inside before your father comes out to get you.”
I jog up to my door, turning around to look at him before stepping inside. This time I wave at him before closing the door. After dinner, I’m in my room doing my homework when my phone pings.
Unknown: Lily, this is Clint. Save my number in your phone.
Me: Okay, dad.
Unknown: Are you into the Daddy kink?
Me: Don’t you have enough girls into your Big Daddy kink?
Casanova: None of them are you.
Me: There's a reason for that.
Casanova: And what is that reason?
Me: Self-respect. Restraint. Taste.
Casanova: Ohhh, taste. Tell me more.
Me:
Casanova: See you tomorrow, beautiful. Sweet dreams.
Me: ‘Night, Clint.
The next morning, I get ready and head to training. I’m paired up with one of the other female warriors. She’s good. It’s nice to practice with a female because her strengths are different from the male warriors and how I spar with her is
different because of it.
We're about an hour into training when the howl goes up. Rogues have breached the borders. Everyone in training turns and shifts, heading to where the call came from. From the corner of my eye, I see Alpha Patrick and Beta Calvin come running out of the packhouse, shifting mid—stride. Clint and Anders are leading the charge. Just as they get to the forest line, rogues start coming out from everywhere. Our pack is large, but not everyone is a fighter.
Those of us on the training field reach the fight first. I jump in without hesitation. This is what we train for. This is why we constantly work to be stronger and faster.
The smell of the rogues is disgusting, they smell like rotten food. I have to hold my breath as Andra bites down on the leg of one, ripping her head back and forth, snapping the leg. Before the rogue can limp away, she clamps her teeth on his throat, tearing it out then turns to the next rogue.
More of our pack members are coming, but right now we’re outnumbered. It takes every bit of training I have to fight. I’m going after a rogue when another one bites down on Andra’s flank, dragging her back. Her surprised yelp cuts off before she turns, slashing her claws down the face of her attacker, slicing an eye and leaving gaping claw marks on his face. He releases her and she goes for the kill when the first rogue jumps on her back. He’s snapping at her neck and she’s dodging but the one she slashed is getting up and is about to attack her when the weight of the one on her back gets removed.
Andra turns her head and I see Donovan ripping into the wolf, slashing through his stomach before ripping his throat out. He turns and jumps on the one in front of me, breaking it’s back before going back to fight beside Anders. I don’t have time to consider that he left his Alpha to come assist me before I’m back in the fray of the fight.
When more of our pack show up, the rogues retreat, getting run off the pack lands. The howls of the pack are victorious but as I look around, I see several pack members shifted on the ground. Andra is about to go see if the closest ones are still alive when Donovan comes bounding back. He sniffs her, licking her leg
before whining and shifting back.
Clint leans down looking at the bite. “Lily, you need to shift and get this cleaned up. Rogues are nasty creatures, and their bites can get infected.” He takes Andra’s face in his hands. “You did great little wolf.” I can hear Donovan’s voice overlaying with his and see the gold of his eyes in Clint’s. “But you need to let Lily shift so the doctors can look at your leg.” He leans in, kissing her head before sitting back.
I shift, hissing as the transition causes pain in the bite wound. As soon as I have shifted, Clint is looking at my leg. The wound is high on my thigh, and it’s deep. Clint calls over one of the pack doctors to look at it.
I hear Alpha Patrick behind me barking orders to check on the injured and unconscious. I hear him call out to his Beta, Gamma, Anders and Clint among others.
“I have to go. You're in good hands now Lily bud. I'll check on you later.”
“Clint.” I call as he starts to jog off. He stops and turns to look at me. “Thank you.* He smiles and winks at me before following Alpha Patrick into the packhouse. Cooper Author
###Chapter 476
I almost lost my shit when I saw Andra pinned to the ground by one wolf with another wolf coming to attack her. My Guardian's need to protect Anders was ovei -ruled by my mate bond’s need to protect Andra. Thankfully, I didn’t have to chose one over the other. Anders wasn’t in any danger and Lily needed my help.
When we get inside, Patrick tells us that we're going after the rogues. He has trackers hunting them now, but he wants to take them out. It was a large group that attacked, and Beta Calvin will stay behind to interrogate the rogues that were captured and find out why they decided to attack us.
Patrick tells us to plan to be gone for the weekend and I’m not thrilled.
Something is off with Aaron taking Lily to the Blue River Pack. I know that Alpha is looking for a mate, and Lily is more than worthy of being mated to an Alpha. But there’s got to be more to it than that. Lily is still underage and wouldn't be able to recognize her mate. I should know, since I AM her mate.
I asked Anders to look into it for me last night after Lily told me about the trip. I want to know why Aaron is so against me dating his daughter but has no problem taking her to visit the Alpha of a neighboring pack who is actively seeking a chosen mate. Being mated to a Guardian is just as prestigious as being mated to an Alpha. And, while I doubt Alpha Mahli would try to forcibly mark her, if he did, it wouldn’t seal a bond since she’s underage. But it has me worried, especially now that I won't be around if something happens.
‘If he even tries to steal our mate, I will end him.‘ Donovan says in my head. And while most mates probably feel that way, Donovan and I are actually capable of taking an Alpha out.
I pack a bag, sending a quick text to Lily.
Me: Let me know what the doctor says. I’m going out with the group to hunt down the rogues. I won’t have my phone at all times, but I will be checking it when I can. Stay safe and let me know that you are okay this weekend.
Mate: I will. And thanks again for helping me today. Doctor says I should rest for a couple of days and then I'll be back to normal, so just in time for our date.
Me: Any time. And I’m not sure that I’ll be back for our date. I may need to reschedule. But don’t tell your father in case we get back quickly.
I was happy to learn that Lucas was coming with us, which meant that even if she was feeling up to it, my mate wouldn't be going on a date with him this weekend, or ever if I have anything to say about it.
I grab my bag and meet the rest of the group that will be hunting the rogues out back. We run most of the day, trying to catch up to our trackers.
By nightfall, we are gaining, but we decide to make camp and rest. Once everything is set up, I walk away from the group to check in on Lily.
Me: Hey Lily bud. How are you feeling?
Mate: Sore, but I’m healing. How is the hunt going?
Me: Not as quickly as I'd hoped, but we're getting closer.
Mate: Where are you?
Me: Not sure. Somewhere north of the pack lands, in the mountains. What time are you leaving in the morning?
Mate: Early. Dad wants to leave by 6am. He said he wants to have a full day with Alpha Mahi. It’s a 3—hour drive, so we'll be there in time for a late breakfast.
Me: Remember what I told you Lily bud. I don’t care if I’m gone, I want to know that you are safe, and everything is okay while you are away.
Mate: Is that you or Donovan talking?
Me: Both. We worry about both you and Andra, Lily. Get some sleep. I'll text you in the morning before you leave.
Mate: Goodnight Clint. Goodnight Donovan.
‘How much longer before she’s 18 and knows she’s our mate?‘ Donovan grumbles in my head.
###Chapter 477
Chapter 0477 ‘Less than two months.* ‘Feels like forever.‘ He says and I agree.
I go back to the group, grabbing some food and searching for Anders. I see him on the phone, standing away from everyone. When I catch his eye, I don’t like the look I see.
When he hangs up, he nods his head wanting me to join him away from the
group.
“What's up?” I say, walking over to him.
“Have a seat.” He says. That’s never good.
“Lill stand. What is it?”
“I found out something about Aaron Raines dealings with Alpha Mahli.”
“And?” I ask, getting a bad feeling in my gut.
“Aaron owes Alpha Mahli a lot of money for a gambling debt.”
“How much?”
“Over a hundred thousand dollars.”
I blow out a breath. “That's not a debt, that’s a death wish. He doesn’t have the ability to pay that back, does he?” “No.” He says, pausing before completing his thought. “But you and I both know that Alpha Manhli is looking for a mate.”
I can’t help the snarl that leaves my mouth, Donovan pushing forward and fighting for control. My snarl was loud enough that several of the warriors have stopped what they are doing and have turned to see what’s going on.
“You think Aaron would sell his daughter to get out of gambling debt?” I ask, and if I were speaking to anyone else, they would have cowered at my furious tone. He does, however, put his hands up in a placating gesture.
“I didn’t say that. We don’t know that it isn’t just a coincidence. But I think we need to pull my father into this.” “Pull me into what?” Alpha Patrick asks, coming out of the shadows. I hadn’t even heard him approaching. #26 BOMOS
I begin pacing, trying to burn off my anger and frustration. “Clint.” Anders says, but I don’t stop. Not until Alpha Patrick’s hand comes down on my shoulder.
“Why don’t you start from the beginning and let’s see what we can do to figure this out.”
I look at this man who has been like a second father to me most of my life. He took me in as a son when my parents died, and he has never made me feel as though I wasn’t just as much of a son to him as Anders.
I take a deep breath and start at the beginning. I tell him about finding out that Lily is my mate, her father’s strange aversion to having me date her, her father’s trip to the Blue River Pack this weekend, taking her but not his wife and finish it by telling him about the gambling debt.
“Alpha Mahli is fair, but merciless when a person doesn’t repay their debt. I find it interesting that Aaron didn’t come to me when this started getting out of hand. I would have punished him, but I would have paid the debt so that he didn’t end up in this position. I agree that his actions sound like those of a desperate man. But it’s also possible that he’s merely hoping that Alpha Mahli will like Lily and want her as a mate.*
“She’s MY mate.” Donovan and I snarl together. “I understand that. But she doesn’t know that and based on what you just told me, the only ones that do are those standing here right now.” He motions to the three of us. I nod.
“Alpha Mahli would not take an underaged mate. It would bring too much negativity to his pack, and he must know that I wouldn't stand for it. But that doesn’t mean that he isn’t deciding if Lily is worth his time to pursue as a mate. And it doesn’t mean her father may not try to sway her to take him as her chosen mate.”
Donovan is thrashing around in my head. ‘Do something!" “Can't we move her to the packhouse? Move her away from her father until she turns 18 and sees that I’m her mate?”
“lm an Alpha, but I don’t overextend my power, Clint. Unless Aaron is putting Lily in clear danger or forcing her into a relationship she doesn’t want, my hands are tied.”
Donovan’s anger is burning so hot that my skin breaks out in fur as I fight to keep him under control. 
###Chapter 478
“But,” Patrick puts his hands on my shoulders, “that doesn’t mean that I can’t keep a closer eye on both her and Aaron. And I can ensure that you continue to train with her every day.”
It's as good as I’m going to get for now. Unless Lily’s father does something drastic, I'll have to wait until Lily turns 18.
I take a few more deep breaths and finally pull Donovan back. I’m restless and can’t sleep all night. I just want to be done with this and get back to check on Lily.
In the morning, I text her. She says she’s still sore but doing better. That's all I have time for before we head out.
It's late in the afternoon when we finally catch up to the rogues. Donovan and I are ready to go for the kill, needing something to burn off our anger. The battle doesn’t take longer than an hour. Unfortunately, we have some injured and most everyone is exhausted after running all day before the fight, so they decide to pitch their tents and sleep in the forest again.
As soon as possible, I check my phone. I have one text from Lily, sent hours ago.
Mate: Hey Clint. Just checking in.
Me: Hey Lily bud. How are things? What are you doing while your father completes his business with Alpha Mahli?
I wait and wait and wait some more. There is no response.
Anders brings some food over, but I barely touch it. I need to know she’s okay.
It's hours later before I finally get a response. When I do, it’s not exactly what I was hoping for, but at least I heard from her.
Mate: Hey Clint, sorry it's so late. Uh, this whole trip has been weird. We can talk more when you're back. Will you be back tomorrow for our date?
Me: Lily, you can call or text me any time of the day or night. I'll always answer. And yes, we will be back tomorrow, but not until late. Don’t tell your dad that, though. Are you still leaving early in the morning to go home?
Mate: Yes, that is the plan. I’m very tired. I going to go to bed. I'll see you
tomorrow.
Me: Okay Lily. I'll check in first thing in the morning and let you know when I’m back home. 1/2
Mate: Goodnight Clint.
Me: Goodnight, Lily bud.
That night I barely slept again. I was anxious to get to back to Lily. In the morning, I texted her, but I didn’t get a response before we took off for home.
I pushed our group, forcing them to run faster, even after Patrick and Anders told me I needed to slow down. I didn’t care, I needed to see her.
When we get back to the packhouse, I don’t bother shifting until I am at the door to my room. I walk in, dumping my bag upside down on the bed and grab my phone before walking into the bathroom to turn on the water.
Me: Hey Lily bud. We just got back. Are you home? I didn’t get an answer, but I turned up the volume in case she texted me while I was in the shower. I quickly bathed and washed
the dirt and grime out of my hair and off my body before getting out and checking my phone, just in case I didn’t hear it go off. Nothing.
I wrap the towel around my waist and walk into my room when I hear a frantic knock at my door. I walk over and before I open it, I can smell her scent of orange and ginger and I’m smiling as I open the door.
The smile on my face drops immediately when I see the look of complete despair on hers.
I pull her into the room, closing the door. “Lily? Are you okay? Did that Alpha hurt you?” I say the last part in growl. Donovan is threatening to kill the Alpha i he hurt our mate. Her back is to me, and her head is hanging down.
“Clint.” She says in a whisper. “I need your help.” She turns and when she looks at me, I gasp in shock.
Cooper 
###Chapter 479
When I realized I’d gotten out of my date with Lucas because he was going on the hunt for the rogues, I decided to stay in and relax. The bite mark on my leg was sore and the doctor said it would take a day or two to heal completely.
I have to admit, Clint texting me and checking on me is really sweet. I had a restless night's sleep, my leg causing me pain every time I turn over, but I smile at my text from Clint in the morning. I didn’t realize he could be this sweet, it’s nice.
‘Yes, it is.’ My sleepy wolf says, yawning and stretching in my head.
I get ready, grab my overnight bag and meet my father downstairs. We grab some coffee before heading out. Since it’s a long drive, I close my eyes and sleep for the first couple of hours before waking up and watching the changing landscape.
When we get to the pack borders, my father gives our names, and we are allowed entrance. He seems to know exactly where he is going and we pull up to a lavish packhouse, bustling with activity. I step out of the car as a man, clearly the Alpha, steps out of the packhouse. As I watch, he looks me over from head to toe, before turning to my father.
‘That was creepy.’ Andra says in my head. I couldn’t agree more. He didn’t even say hello.
My father comes around to get me, guiding me over to Alpha Mahli. “Alpha, it’s good to see you again. This is my daughter Lily, the one I told you about.”
I look at my father. I’m his only daughter, so who else would he be talking about.
Alpha Mahli extends his hand and I reach to shake it, but instead he pulls it to his lips, kissing the back of my hand for a full minute too long. He never takes his eyes off me, watching my reaction. I smile at him, but it's forced.
“It's nice to meet you.” I say. There is something creepy about him. I’m beginning to see why he hasn’t found his mate, or perhaps she chose to reject him. Either way, I don’t like the vibe I’m getting from this Alpha.
“My omegas will take your bags.” He says and two individuals scurry forward, taking our things. “I have a private breakfast being laid out for the three of us.”
Inside the packhouse, it’s decorated with dark wood and red and black furniture. There’s nothing light or airy about the space. It feels suffocating and dingy, and what I would expect a vampire’s coven to look like.
He takes us upstairs to a private room that overlooks the forest, or it would, if the blinds weren’t closed. I can just barely see out of them, but they cut the light in the room down considerably. For all the people that I saw moving around outside the packhouse, the inside is deathly quiet.
The omegas setting up the room for breakfast don’t say a word. There is a dark tablecloth on the table that is muting any sound of the plates being placed on the table. I look at my father, but he doesn’t seem to be disturbed by the décor.
We sit and the omegas serve us before leaving the room.
“So Lily, your father tells me you'll be 18 soon.”
I look at my father who gestures for me to answer. “Yes, that’s correct.”
“In just a couple of months?”
“Yes, my birthday is in May.”
“Ahhh, Lily of the Valley. Is that where your name comes from?” He asks me.
I look at my father again, who is shoveling food into his mouth like he’s never eaten before. “I don’t actually know. Dad, is that where my name comes from?”
His head pops up when I address him as if he hasn’t been paying attention. “No idea, your mother named you. I think she likes lilies.” Ohhhhhkay.
“And are you in school still Lily?” Alpha Mahli continues with his questions.
“Yes, I’m a senior in high school, I'll finish soon after my birthday.”
“Are you smart?” He asks. Not, ‘do you get good grades?‘ which is what most people ask. It’s an odd question. “I like to think I am.”
“Good, I like a smart woman.”
I look down at my plate, and take a bite of food, not sure how to respond to that.
“Your father tells me you are a strong warrior.”
“Yes. I am training for the warrior battles in June. I’m hoping to defeat most of the warriors in my pack.”
“Strong and intelligent. Excellent qualities in a mate, wouldn't you agree?”
An uncomfortable feeling begins to settle in my stomach. ‘Andra, you don’t think he’s considering taking us a mate, do you.’ ‘lm beginning to think so. Thank the goddess we’re not old enough yet. I really
23
hope he’s not our mate. He’s creepy.”
I'm still deciding how to respond when my father puts down his fork and stands. “Well, I have to get to that business we discussed Alpha. I'll let the two of you continue to get to know each other.”
“Wait, dad.” I say and start to get up.
“Stay here honey, keep the Alpha company. I’ve told him all about you.” He says, leaning down as if he were going to hug me, but instead whispers in my ear. “And don’t embarrass me.”
* 
###Chapter 480
Chapter 0480 I turn and look at Alpha Mahli and try to swallow the food around the lump in my throat. I definitely have a bad feeling about this.
After breakfast, Alpha Mahli gives me a tour of the packhouse, including his personal bedroom. Gross. It’s just as dark as the rest of the packhouse. I also realize that he has put me on the Alpha floor across from his room. Yeah, I'll be locking my door tonight.
Then, he gives me a tour of the pack lands. I realize that he’s taking every opportunity to touch me possible, finding reasons to put his hand on my back to guide‘ me, or sliding his hand across my back when he goes to point at
something. The hairs on the back on my neck are standing on end and all I want to do is get away from this guy.
I do find out that he’s been an Alpha for nearly 15 years and his fated mate died. I try to consider that maybe that’s why he’s so awkward and why he likes the dark, but I can’t reconcile it in my mind.
Finally, he drops me off at my room, telling me he needs to do some work and that dinner will be in two hours. I wait until I hear his footsteps walk away before locking the door. The first thing I do is open the blinds, letting sunshine in. Then I find my bag and grab my phone. I send Clint a text, hoping that I'll hear back, but doubting that it will happen. I know they are out hunting and fighting rogues. I feel like I need a tether to my real life to combat the eerie feeling I have about what’s happening here.
When I don’t get a response, I decide to take a shower and lay down for a while. I doze off and am awakened to the sounds a metal scraping on metal. I turn and see that Alpha Mahli has used a key to unlock my door and is walking into the
room.
“You've slept the afternoon away, Lily. It’s time to get up and come have dinner.” He starts walking over to me and I quickly hop off the bed.
“Oh, I’m so sorry. Let me brush my hair and I'll be ready to go.” I say, darting toward the ensuite bathroom.
“Actually, I bought you a dress to wear for dinner. Your father gave me your size. I’d like you to wear it tonight. I have something special planned.”
“Will my father be joining us?” I ask, hoping the answer is yes.
“No, his.....business, is keeping him busy tonight.” By the way he says ‘business*
I get the feeling that it’s not business at all. But, if it’s not, I don’t know why we'd be here. “Okay, where is the dress?”
He goes to the closet and pulls out a red satin dress with black lace overlay. It’s strapless and the black lace falls farther than the satin which looks like it will barely cover my backside. Honestly, it looks more like sexy lingerie than something that I would wear to dinner. And if I was choosing my own lingerie, this wouldn’t be my color scheme. It matches the tawdry décor of the packhouse.
“I think it will go beautifully with your brown hair.” He says, handing me the dress while sliding his fingers through my hair. My body shivers in revulsion at his touch, but his smile and the darkening of his eyes leads me to believe he thinks I like his touch.
“ll wait here while you put it on.” He says, stepping back. I’m not sure if he thinks I’m going to strip in front of him, but no, that’s not happening. I walk into the bathroom and firmly shut the door, listening to make sure he isn’t going to come in.
I quickly change into the dress and I’m just getting myself adjusted in the top when he opens the door without knocking.
He looks me up and down. “Beautiful. And there are these.” He hands me a pair of what must be 5 inch red and black stiletto platform heels. I lean down and put them on my feet. When I stand, I’m nearly as tall as he is.
He takes my hand and walks me outside to a waiting limousine. After helping me inside, he climbs in behind me, making sure he is sitting next to me.
“As you may have guessed Lily, I am a wealthy Alpha. I am in the business of making money.”
“What business is that?” I ask, truly wondering what this man does to support his pack. While I don’t care for the decorating, the packhouse building itself along with every other house I see on the pack lands are opulent. It reminds me of that line from Shrek, ‘Do you think he’s compensating for something?’ I have to quickly get ahold of myself, so I don’t snicker out loud.
“The business of luck and dreams.” He says. Whatever that means.
We arrive at an expensive looking restaurant, and the valet assists us out of the limo. Alpha Mahli takes my arm and guides me inside.
“Alpha.” The maitre d‘ bows his head. “We have your table set up and ready for you.” 
###Chapter 481
We are escorted to an empty room, with a table next to the glass overlooking a lake. There are fairy lights all around the lake, giving it a romantic feel. Not the feeling I want to have with this Alpha.
Without asking me, Alpha Mahli orders for both of us. When the waiter is gone, he shifts his attention to me. “What do you know about me, Lily?”
“Well, I really only know what you've told me today.” And that you are a terrible decorator and possibly have a small dick. But I don’t say that out loud.
He reaches over and takes my hands in his. “I’m looking for a mate, someone that can be by my side, helping me to manage the day-to-day operations of the packhouse. I don’t need a strong Luna, merely one that is competent and one that can give me an heir.”
He pulls my hands to his lips, kissing them, then sucking on my knuckles. I have to swallow the bile in my throat.
“Your father thinks that we would be a good match. I would care for you, and your would want for nothing. You are young and sexy and should be able to give me many heirs.” Ewww, this time I think I actually threw up a little in my mouth.
I force a smile on my face, happy when the food comes, and I can pull my hands out of his. I wait until the wait staff leave before responding.
“Alpha Mahli, you are very kind. I am honored that you would consider me as a mate.” Not really, but I definitely don’t want to piss this guy off, especially when I’m on his pack lands and have no idea where my father is.
“I have always wanted to find my fated mate. It’s been a dream of mine since I was a little girl. Obviously, I haven't reached the age where I can sense who my mate is, but I would want to pursue the option of finding my fated mate before taking a chosen mate.”
“Of course. You are young, after all, and youth thinks the world will be beautiful once they find their fated mate. I hate to be the one to tell you this, Lily, but that’s not always how it is. Many mates are rejected and many never find their fated mate.”
He leans forward, his eyes intent on me. “You should listen to the wisdom of age — your father, and me. We can tell you what is best for you. Then you wouldn't have to worry your pretty little head over silly things such as fated mates.”
Okay, now this guy is just being insulting. I already told him I was intelligent. I’m perfectly capable of making my own decisions, so why in the world would I let someone I barely know make any decisions for me. And after today, I’m not sure I want my father making any decisions for me either.
I'm sure this food would be delicious if my stomach wasn’t churning, making me feel like it will all come back up any moment. “You have given me much to think about, Alpha Mahli. Being underage, it’s not a decision that can be made now anyway. I'll consider your request.” Yeah, consider forgetting all about it and never coming back here again!
I knew you'd make the right decision.” He says, as the waiter comes back asking about dessert.
No, we won't be having dessert. My future Luna needs to watch her weight.” He
says.
I'm not sure this asshole could be any more insulting. Watch my weight? I train 6 hours a day, which is more than I can say for him. I guarantee that I could take this Alpha in a fight.
When we get back into the limousine, Alpha Mahli once again sits beside me. This time, he puts his hand on my knee and begins rubbing his hand on my thigh. Would you like to take me for a test ride?”
I frown, hoping I’m misunderstanding what he means, but knowing if he doesn’t remove his hand, Andra will rip it off. “I’m not sure what you mean?”
###Chapter 482
“Oh, don’t play coy. You know. See how compatible we are sexually.” He leans in, placing a kiss on my neck before moving to my ear. “I know I'd love to take you for a test ride.”
I pull away, moving as far away as the seat will allow. “Actually, I've been saving myself for.....my mating night.” Telling him I’m waiting for my mate won't work. He’s basically said he doesn’t care about that.
I watch as his eyes widen, then darken with this news. “You’re untouched?” It’s probably supposed to sound like a purr, but it makes my stomach clench in revulsion.
I swallow, hard. “Yes.” It comes out as a squeak. Please goddess get me out of this car.
“Well, that changes things. It will make the night of your birthday so much more exciting when I am your first.” He’s practically salivating at the thought.
When we get to the packhouse, he helps me out of the car. “I’m really tired. It’s been a long day and you've given me so much to think about. Goodnight Alpha.”
I don’t give him a chance to respond. I hurry to my room, running into the bathroom before throwing up everything that I had for dinner.
‘Andra, please tell me we won't accept him as our mate.‘ For the first time since I got my wolf, she is quiet, and I feel absolutely alone.
When I come out, I grab my phone and see a text from Clint. It immediately settles my nerves.
I know it’s late, but I need to know that I'll see him tomorrow. Somehow, he knew something was off about this visit. I want to tell him about it and see if he has any ideas for how I can reject the advances of this Alpha without it causing problems for our pack.
While he will be back tomorrow, it won't be until late. He tells me not to tell my father. Fat chance, I don’t even know where he is. I haven't seen him since this morning.
I go lock the door to my room, knowing that it won’t keep Alpha Mahli out and knowing that I won’t sleep a wink tonight.
I change into my pajamas, thankful that I brought a top and bottom set rather than just a nightshirt. I grab the blanket off the bed and pull it around me, sitting
on the window ledge, listening to the clock slowly tick through the night.
At one point, I hear the doorknob jingle softly. Thankfully, Alpha Mahli doesn’t use the key to come in.
Then, somewhere in the middle of the night, I feel a jolt and Andra is back.
“Lily, go to the bathroom.’ She says to me.
‘What? Why?' I ask her.
‘Just do it.‘ She says and I get up and go into the bathroom. I turn on the light.
“What is it?” I ask her.
‘Look in the mirror.‘ She says, pushing forward.
I do and my hands fly to my mouth. ‘Andra, why are your eyes gold?
“We've been given the gift of a Guardian. I’m a Guardian now.’
‘Andra, we can’t let Alpha Mahli know. We can’t let anyone know. You know what they do to female Guardians. Alpha Mahli would never let us leave. I don’t even want to tell Alpha Patrick. You need to stay far back in my mind until we get home. Don't,
for any reason, come forward, no matter what.‘ I say, panicking. ‘Agreed, but I think there is someone we should tell, someone that can help us. She says. Clint and Donovan.
‘We need to get home first.‘ I tell her before pulling her back.
At 5 am, I change into my clothes, pack my bag and head downstairs to get som coffee and wait for my father. When he gets there, he looks terrible.
“Lily, have you heard from Clint? Is he coming back today?” He asks me in a rus “Yes, he said they are on their way back.” It’s not a lie, its just not the entire truth.
###Chapter 483
He runs his fingers through his hair. “Fine.” He says as if he’s angry with me. “Good morning.” Alpha Mahli says, walking into the room. He comes over and takes my hands. “How did you sleep, darling? I tried to check on you, but you locked the door.” I’m guessing by ‘check’ he means crawling into my
“I'm great. But I think we have to head back now.” I say looking at my bed. father.
His entire demeaner has changed as he watches the exchange between Alpha Mahli and I. “So, we have an agreement?” He says, looking at Alpha Mahli. “Oh yes. I’ve instructed your daughter to listen to those of us that are more experienced and can help her understand that waiting for a fated mate is unnecessary. Right, darling?” He asks me. I can do nothing but force a smile.
I look at my dad. “We need to get going.”
Alpha Mahli walks us to our car. Then, before I know what he’s doing, he pulls me in and kisses me, forcing his tongue into my mouth. I pull away from him, looking at my father who just gets in the car.
“Until I see you again, darling.” He says. I quickly make my escape and get into
the car.
I wait until we are off pack lands before laying into my father. “What the actual fuck, Dad!” “Don’t you dare use that language with me, Lily.”
“I think I’m entitled to use whatever language I want when it feels like my father is selling me to an Alpha. You know that shit’s illegal, right?” I yell at him.
“You would be lucky to have Alpha Mahli as a mate. He’s wealthy and can take care of you.”
“I don’t care how wealthy he is. He’s old and disgusting. He doesn’t care about what I want in life, he doesn’t want me to be a warrior. He only wants me to take care of the packhouse and give him heirs.”
“You are so ungrateful. I find an Alpha for you, and this is how you respond. You could be the Luna of a,pack. Do you realize that?”
“Yeah? If he’s such a great catch, why hasn't anyone else snatched him up yet?” “You will be his mate, Lily! And that is all there is to it.”
I don’t even know what to say. I can’t believe my father thinks he’s going to force me into a mate bond with Alpha Mahli. I don’t care about being a Luna. I care about finding my fated mate, finding someone who loves me for me. Not someone that wants me because I look like I can pop out a bunch of heirs.
I turn and look out the window, tears falling, unsolicited. We drive the rest of the way in silence.
When we get home, I don’t even go inside. I take my bag and run to the tree line. I hear my father calling my name, but I ignore him. As soon as I am in the forest, I shift, Andra grabbing my bag and running to the rocky terrain where we train.
I stay there, all morning and into the late afternoon until I get Clint's message that he’s back. I immediately run to his room and knock on his door, anxious to see him and feel safe again. When he opens the door the first thing I see is his smile, which quickly drops when he sees my face. I want to run into his arms
and let him tell me everything will be alright. But first, I have to show him.
When I hear him growling, asking if Alpha Mahli hurt me, I almost break down. Instead, I tell him I need his help, before turning around and letting Andra come forward.
Npo
He gasps, staring at me for a moment, before taking his arms. I let the fear and the stress of the last couple of days go and he holds me while I cry.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 484
Lily is a Guardian. I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen it. When I take her in my arms, she breaks down. I’m not sure what happened while I was away, but I intend to find out.
I hold her for a moment while she cries before picking her up and carrying her to a chair. Sitting down, I settle her in my lap and let her cry until she cries herself out. I can tell the moment she realizes that I’m wearing nothing but a towel, and I’m holding her in my lap.
Her body tenses and I relax my arms, letting her pull back. I rub my thumbs over her cheeks and wipe her tears away. “Better?” She nods. “I’ve been waiting for you to get home all day. I didn’t... “Shhh, I’m here now. We can figure this out together.”
I was so worried about her. It encompassed all my thoughts for the last day and a half. Now, I can’t help but touch her. I tuck her hair behind her ear, sliding my fingers down her cheek. She leans into my hand.
“Why don’t you start from the beginning.” I say.
It's everything I can do not to lose it when she tells me about her time with Alpha Mahli, how her father left her alone with him and his expectation that she would become his. Donovan is thrashing around in my head, ready for blood.
“We need to take care of our mate. That must be first. We'll deal with the idiot Alpha when the time comes. I tell him, forcing him to calm down.
“I'm afraid, Clint. If he or my father finds out I'm a Guardian, I’m afraid he might try to steal me away.” “That won't happen. But we need to talk to Anders.” She’s shaking her head before I can finish. “What if Alpha Anders tries to force me into a mate bond?”
Donovan snarls. “He won't. First, he’s not like that. But, he has me as a Guardian. He doesn’t need another one.” I tell her, trying to lighten the mood.
“But you’re right that other Alphas will be looking for you. We need to confirm that the previous Guardian has died. Then we need a plan to keep you safe. Do you trust me?” I ask her, desperately wanting her to say yes.
She nods her head, sniffling. “Then trust me that Anders will help as “1 tilt her head up to look at me. “Okay?” “Okay, Clint”
I smile at her before mind linking Anders to come to my room. Since we are on the same floor, it only takes a minute before he’s knocking and walking in Lily hurriedly pushes herself off my lap and I stand, the towel not entirely able to hide how her being seated in my lap has affected me
“I apologize, I should have waited until you answered. I didn’t realize you weren't alone.” Anders says, turning to walk back out.
“Anders, wait.” I say. Lily has turned her back on him and while I know she’s embarrassed having been caught on my lap, I can feel the nervousness vibrating off of her. Anders must feel it too.
“Is everything alright?” He asks, looking at me before focusing on Lily.
“Could
you close the door?” I ask, giving Lily a minute. I walk to her rubbing my hands down her arms. “You need to show him Lily.”
She turns, looking at Anders before looking back at me. I nod my head encouragingly at her.
When she looks back at Anders, I watch as Andra pushes forward. Anders sharp intake of breath is similar to my reaction to seeing her gold eyes the first time.
“You're a Guardian.” He says in awe before looking at me.. It takes a moment, then I see the realization sink in. “Shit.” He whispers. “Yeah, shit.” I echo his response.
He begins pacing the room, his hand running through his hair. “I need to confirm that the previous Guardian has died. Their pack is on the other side of the country, but we had heard that they were having issues with a neighboring pack. I didn’t think it had gotten out of hand enough that a Guardian’s life would be in danger.” He continues pacing.
“And we need to figure out what to do with you.” He waves his hand in Lily’s direction, causing her to flinch. I growl at his implication that he will be doing something with my mate.
He stops pacing and looks at me. “Having one Guardian in this pack was enough to cause the other packs to be envious. If they find out we have two, they will hunt her down, trying to get to her.” He says, piercing me with his gaze.
“They won't care
me that she’s underage She will bring them power frost being whe and what she is “He turns to look at Lily “You were already strong Lily, now yet and Andra will be even stronger and more powerful”
He looks at her for a moment. “What do you want, Lily?” He asks her gently.
She looks at me. “There’s more to the story here Anders. That issue we talked about this weekend? It’s come to fruition.”
He turns to Lily. “Alpha Mauli wants to take you as his chosen mate?” He asks and Lily nods, looking startled that he already seems to know.
“And how do you feel about that?” He asks and it’s everything in me not to snarl at his question.
“I don’t want to take him as a mate, but my father is insisting that I do, even if he’s not my fated mate.” She says, her voice quivering. I wrap my arms around her, lending her my strength as she leans against me.
“I need to confirm what happened with the other Guardian, but Clint,” he says giving me a meaningful look. “We need to bring my father into this tonight.” I nod. I knew from the moment Lily told me that her father was pushing her into a mate bond with Alpha Mauli that we’d have to pull Patrick into this. Between that and her being a Guardian, it's the only way to keep her safe.
“I'll have some food sent up for both of you, while I research the status of the pack that had the Guardian. And I'll set up a meeting with my father.” He turns to Lily. “Lily, where is your father?”
“At home, I think. I was so upset when we got back this morning that I ran into. the woods and waited until Clint got home.
He nods, turning to leave. “I'll let you know when we can meet with my father. Oh, and Clint,” he says, turning back to me. “Put some clothes on.” He smirks before walking out the door.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Lily’s father? +15 BOHOS
###Chapter 485
While I’m mortified that Alpha Anders saw me sitting in Clint’s lap, even though nothing was happening, I’m more concerned about what is going to happen next. Now, not just one but two Alphas will know I’m a Guardian. If I had any idea where to go, I'd run.
As if sensing my discomfort, Clint comes up behind me, his hands rubbing up and down my arms. “You said you trusted me, right?” He asks, turning me around to face him.
“Yes.” I say quietly.
“Then trust me that I won't let anything happen to you. I won't let Anders or Patrick force you into any kind of mate bond. Not that I think either of them will, but if it helps you feel safe, then know that I would never let that happen.
He leans in, kissing my forehead. He’s entirely too close. I can feel the heat from his chest through my clothes. I don’t know if it’s because he just had a shower, but he smells like warm apple pie, fresh from the oven. He smells like home, like my own personal happy place, and it’s making my mouth water.
My head is spinning when he steps back. “I’m going to put some clothes on, make yourself comfortable.” He says, gesturing to the chair he was sitting in earlier, when I was in his lap. It makes me blush all over again.
He winks at me before grabbing his clothes and going into the bathroom. He’s just closed the door, when there’s a knock at his door.
I walk over and can smell the food. I open the door and I see one of the kitchen. staff looking like she positioned herself if the most seductive pose you can get into while carrying a tray of food.
“Oh, Lily. I thought Alpha Anders was having dinner with Clint.”
“Uh, no.” I shake my head. I’m still feeling distracted and out of sorts. I step aside and let her in. She walks over to a table that has four chairs sitting around it. She seems to know exactly where to set out the food. I guess he eats in here. often.
As she goes to leave, I’m shocked by her parting comment. “I guess you're no different than the rest of us, after all.” She says as she sneers at me.
“Actually, Lily is different from any she—wolf that I’ve ever met, Beth. She’s intelligent, kind, funny and she pushes herself as a warrior in ways I’ve never seen before.” Clint says walking up behind her. “It’s too bad more she-wolves
aren't Hice 10”
Her eyes drop to the floor. “Yes Guardian.”
“You may leave.” He says to her before closing the door behind her. He stands there for a minute, before turning. “Lily, look
“It's fine. She only said what everyone else will be thinking when this hits the rumor mill.” 1 say before turning to the food. I’m hungry but the thought of eating turns me stomach.
I feel Clint come up behind me. “It may be what others are thinking, but what I said is true. You are an amazing person, Lily. And that was before you became a Guardian. I can’t even imagine how much stronger and faster you will become now.” He comes around standing in front of me. “You’ve pushed me in ways I never could have expected over the past week. The more I get to know you, the more intrigued I am by you, Lily.”
He turns, taking my hand and pulling me into a chair before sitting across from me. “Unfortunately, I have a feeling that I’m going to have to start sharing you a lot more now.”
“What do you mean?”
He looks thoughtful as he dives into his food. “I don’t know what Patrick will do, but I do know he'll want to keep you safe. It was why he moved me and my family into the packhouse when I was 10 and Donovan got his Guardian spirit. I wouldn’t be surprised if he wants you to move into the packhouse now too. Although, I’m not sure how that will go over, not with everything that has happened with your father.” 
###Chapter 486
Chapter 0486 His eyes go unfocused then he Tooks at his watch. “We need to meet Patrick and Anders in Patrick’s office in one hour.”
He looks down at my plate. “Lily? You need to eat.” He looks up at me, holding my gaze until I pick up my fork and begin picking at my food.
“What if there’s nothing that Alpha Patrick can do? He’s my father, after all.” I ask quietly.
“Alphas have the final authority in the pack. They can override parents if they feel that the parent is putting their child at risk. Let's see what Alpha Patrick says before we make any decisions.”
“We?”
“Yes, we. I’m in this with you Lily. You’re a Guardian now, we’re the only two in the world. You're kind of stuck with me for the rest of our lives.” He says chuckling.
Of course he didn’t mean anything else by it. It’s because I’m a Guardian. I don’t even know what my heart fluttered for a moment when he said ‘we’ or why the thought of being stuck with him for the rest of my life suddenly doesn’t sound like a bad idea.
“Lily?” He says and I look up at him, realizing I’ve been lost in my thoughts. pushing food around on my plate. “Eat. It will be okay.” He says gently.
I'm not sure that's true but I am able to shove a couple bites of food into my mouth, much to the happiness of my stomach.
I eat as much as I can, which isn’t much. When Clint is done, we head down to Alpha Patrick’s office. He knocks on the door and when we enter, I see that Alpha Patrick, Alpha Anders and Beta Calvin are all in the room.
“Clint, Lily, come in.” Alpha Patrick says, standing and pointing to two additional chairs around an oval shaped table. When we're seated, Alpha Patrick looks at me.
“My son has given me some good news and some disturbing news, Lily. First, I'd like to see for myself that Andra is indeed a Guardian.”
I look at Clint before turning to Alpha Patrick and letting Andra come forward. He nods his head. “Thank you, Andra, and congratulations, although the celebration may have to wait. You do understand that being an underaged Guardian, one not
able to sener het mate, puts you in danget, yes? “Yes, Alpha, 1 understand.”
We will deal with that and make sure that we keep you as safe as possib However understand there is another issue that needs to be addressed. Anders didn‘, have as much information about this, but it had to do with Alpha Mahli. I understand your father took you to spend some time with him this weekend?” He asks.
“Yes, Alpha. We left yesterday morning and returned this morning.”
“Would you mind going through your time with Alpha Mahli for those of us in the room?”
I nod, not very excited to have to relive this again, but I start at the beginning and go through my time. Alpha Patrick interrupts me a couple of times to get clarification on my father leaving me alone with Alpha Mahli, and the Alpha coming into my room
using his key without knocking. I explained my father’s disheveled appearance this morning and the change in him when he saw that Alpha Mahli was interested in me.
And did Alpha Mahli attempt any type of physical intimacy with you?” Alpha Patrick asks. I know my face has turned scarlet. I had skipped over that part, wanting to save myself from the embarrassment of having to discuss that in front of four men. From the corner of my eye, I see Clint clench his fists.
I look down, not comfortable seeing the reactions to what happened and embarrassed having to share it. “He asked me if I wanted to take him for a test ride.” I tell them. Clint’s snarl beside me startles me and I look at him. His eyes are murderous as he stares at Alpha Patrick.
Alpha Patrick turns his attention from me to Clint. “Clint, you will control. yourself or I will ask you to leave.”
###Chapter 487
He turns back to me. “I’m sorry to be asking these personal questions. I need to understand the expectations of Alpha Mahli and also your father. So, back to your story. Did you take Alpha Mahli up on his request?”
Ashiver of disgust goes up my spine. “No. I told him that I was waiting for my mating night. I didn’t think telling him that I was waiting for my mate would make a difference since he already told me that waiting for my fated mate was a silly girl's dream.”
“Did you feel like he would force himself on you if you didn’t give him a reason to stop?” Beta Calvin asks me.
I shrug. “I don’t know if he would or wouldn't. He had already called me his future Luna and had disregarded my feelings. I didn’t know where my father was, and at the time, I was alone with him in the back of a limousine.”
“You didn’t feel safe?” Alpha Anders clarifies. “Not at all.” “Was that the only time?” Alpha Patrick asks me.
“I heard him try my door in the middle of the night. I didn’t sleep last night, afraid he would come in while I as in bed. Then this morning, he began calling me darling and he kissed me before we left.”
Clint stands abruptly and begins pacing behind me. I see Alpha Patrick give him a warning look before turning back to me. “I'm assuming, based on the rest of your story that this kiss was unwanted?” Alpha Patrick asks.
“Yes.”
“And, how did your father react to Alpha Mahli kissing you?”
“He just got in the car like it was normal.”
As I’m remembering everything that happened this morning, I do remember one other detail that didn’t make any sense to me. “He did say something else that I didn’t understand.”
“He?” Beta Calvin asks me.
“My dad. When he saw Alpha Mahli holding my hands and calling me darling, he
said something like ‘so we have a deal‘? I don’t know what that means ”
Alpha Patrick sits back, rubbing his hand over his mouth and chin, looking thoughtful. “I’m afraid 1 do. But before we get to that, I have a couple more questions. When did Andra get her Guardian spirit?”
“In the middle of the night. I’m not sure what time it was. She had been silent for hours, then suddenly I felt something like a power surge in my system and she was back. She told me to go to the bathroom and showed me that she was a Guardian.”
Alpha Anders looks up at Clint. “Is that how it was for you?” He asks.
Clint comes back and sits down, but the tension in his body is palpable. “I don’t know. Donovan came to me with his Guardian spirit. I felt a power surge but I’m not sure if it was just his awakening, or if it had to do with being a Guardian.
Alpha Patrick turns his attention back to me. “Do either your father or Alpha Mahli know that you are a Guardian?”
“No. As soon as I realized what Andra is, I told her to stay back, no matter what happened. I was terrified that Alpha Mahli wouldn't let me leave if he found out I was a Guardian.”
Alpha Patrick gives me a very paternal smile. “Clint said you were intelligent. I can see, as usual, Clint is a good judge of character.”
I turn and look at Clint. He smiles but it doesn’t reach his eyes. He reaches out and takes my hand. “You should have told me what was happening.”
I shake my head. “You were too far away.”
“I would have come for you anyway. Distance doesn’t matter Lily. If you ever need me, I will be there for you.”
Cooper
Author
Another bonus chapter this week. A lot happening with these two!
Regular updates are Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
. Chapter 0488 
###Chapter 488
Donovan is thrashing around in my head so loudly that I can barely hear the conversation going on around me. The only reason he hasn't forced the shift was Alpha Patrick's warning that he’d send us out of the room. I’m not leaving Lily, not now that I’ve heard the entire story and know that Alpha Mahli touched what is mine.
I'm disappointed that she didn’t trust me enough to tell me what was happening. I only feel slightly better knowing she waited for me to get home and came to me immediately, knowing I would help her.
I turn to Patrick. “So, what do we do now? Lily is in danger, not only from this Alpha Mahli, but also from every other Alpha that finds out she is a Guardian.”
He turns to Lily. “Lily, do you feel that your father will keep you safe and trust that he will take your feelings into consideration around taking a mate?”
I can see Lily struggle. I’m sure she wants to say that she believes that he would keep her safe, but he’s given her trust in him quite a blow over the weekend.
“No.” She says quietly. I’m still holding Lily’s hand and I gently tighten my fingers on hers. She looks up at me before looking back at Patrick. “I don’t know why, but he seems determined that I will take Alpha Mahli as a chosen mate.”
“Lily, do you know what line of work Alpha Manhli is in?” Calvin asks her.
She looks at him, shaking her head. “When I asked him, he said something like he’s in the business of luck and dreams. I have no idea what that means.”
“He owns casinos, gambling rings, that sort of thing.” Calvin tells her.
I watch as she frowns. “What business is my father doing with him then?” She asks. My little mate is intelligent, but naive. I see Anders frowning over his phone. He’s been texting someone while we were talking.
“Your father has accumulated quite a gambling debt with Alpha Mahli.” Patrick
tells her.
Lily closes her eyes. “So, he is trying to sell me to that Alpha.” It’s a statement. Patrick just confirmed something she was already contemplating.
“It would seem so.” Patrick tells her. She scoffs, her voice going hard. “How much am I worth to my father?”
“Our sources say he owes over a hundred thousand dollars.” I can see the shock on her face. She had no idea her father was gambling, much less so heavily
Actually.” Anders says. “On a hunch, I just checked with my source.” He looks at me before turning to Lily. “Your father’s debt doubled over the weekend. He now owes nearly $250,000.
1 watch as a single tear rolls down her face “At least I’m worth a decent amount of money.” She says, her voice quivering.
I'm in front of her in an instant, Donovan is howling in my head at our mate’s distress. “Hey. I know this is a terrible blow.” I say, wiping the tear from her cheek before pushing her hair behind her ear. “But you're not alone. I meant what I said before. You're sort of stuck with me for the rest of your life Lily bud. I’m not going anywhere and I’m not letting your father sell you to Alpha Mahli or anyone.” I say, before standing and looking at Alpha Patrick.
“lm assuming you agree, Alpha.” I say, using his title. He needs to know that I’m deadly serious about this. I won't tolerate having Lily at risk. She needs to be removed from her father’s care. As soon as he finds out she’s a Guardian, he’ll have her sold off and taken away.
“I believe we've already discussed that I do not allow my pack members to be sold or mistreated, Guardian.” Patrick says, stressing the word Guardian. I know this is his way of telling me to stand down, that I need to tread lightly and stop challenging him.
###Chapter 489
“Lily.” Anders says, breaking the tension in the room. “How would you feel about moving out of your parents’ home and into the packhouse?”
She looks at everyone in the room before answering. I sit down, taking her hand again. “What would happen to my parents? Especially my mother. I don’t think she knows anything about what my father is doing.”
“I will confront your father and tell him that I am taking over your care until you turn 18. Your mother can choose to come live with you here or stay with your father. Your father will not be allowed to see you unless he receives permission from me first. The punishment he receives because of his intent to sell you to pay his gambling debts will be between he and I.*
She nods, thinking before responding. “I would like to move into the packhouse. I might have felt differently before becoming a Guardian, but now, I don’t think I can trust my father.” She hesitates before continuing. “I don’t think my mother will leave him to stay here with me. Does that matter?”
Patrick smiles at her. “No, as I said, I will take over as your parental guardian until you turn 18. I will have a room made up for you on Beta Calvin's floor. That way, he can help me keep an eye on you.” He says this to Lily but he’s looking at me. His intent is clear, stay out of Lily's room and her bed. Obviously, she’s made it clear that she’s waiting for her mate. since I’m her mate, she’s basically saving herself for me. I give him a nod that I understand.
“I'll be speaking to your parents tonight, Lily. Tomorrow, you can go get your things or I can have someone pick them up for you.” “I'll need something to wear to school tomorrow. Maybe my mother can pack me a bag with my school clothes?”
“I'll see to it. Now, please follow Beta Calvin. He'll show you to your room.” She stands, preparing to leave. “Oh and Lily, now that you are a Guardian, I’m putting Clint in charge of your training. I don’t know why we have two Guardians in this pack, but I want you both in top fighting condition. If something is coming, I want to be ready for it.”
“Yes, Alpha.” She says before following Calvin out the door.
I stand to leave as well. “Clint.” Patrick stops me.
“I know she’s your mate, I know you’re a Guardian and you are like a son to me, but do not challenge me again.” I turn to look at him. “Keep her safe and we won't have any problems, Alpha.”
— It’s Anders who comes up behind me, putting a hand on my shoulder. “Clint, I know you and Donovan are furious at what her father has done or intended to do. And I can only imagine how angry you both are that Alpha Mahli propositioned Lily. But you know my father. You know he will always look after this pack. That includes Lily. Let him do his job.”
Anders has always been my balance. “You're right.” I turn to Patrick. “My apologies, Alpha.”
“Apology accepted Clint and stop calling me Alpha, you know it pisses me off.” He says, making me smile.
“Yes sir.” I say turning to go find Lily.
“And Clint.” I turn to look at him. “If I find Lily in your room or you in hers after hours, you’ll answer to me. She’s under my care, so assume that I will be treating her as if she were my own daughter.”
“Understood, Patrick.” I smile as I leave, feeling much better about Lily's safety.
Cooper Author
What do you think of Lily's decision to move to the packhouSA? 
###Chapter 490
1 follow Beta Calvin to a room on his floor. It’s nice, but I feel like a stranger in this room. I go sit on the bed with nothing else to do. Nothing in this room is mine. I have no clothes, no toiletries, nothing. The reality of my situation comes crashing down on me. My father was going to sell me to an Alpha to pay his gambling debts. I’ve never felt so lost or scared.
I'm nervous for how my father will react when Alpha Patrick speaks to him. Will he yell at me? Most likely. Based on how he responded earlier, he will be furious and try to make this about me being ungrateful, I don’t know how my mother will feel. I can’t believe she knew anything about this. But she does what my father tells her to do. She has always been a good mother, but she never goes against my father. Now that her being a good mother and a good mate are at odds, I’m pretty sure that the mate bond will win. Will she be angry with me ast well? Will she blame me for whatever punishment my father receives from Alpha Patrick?
I'm getting myself more and more worked up as I sit here thinking of everything. I’m on the verge of tears when there is a knock at the door.
I go to open it and I smell apple pie. Clint.
As soon as I open the door, he opens his arms and I rush into them. He holds me, rocking me side to side, before kissing my hair. “Come on.” He says, guiding me into my room.
“Door stays open, Clint.” I hear Beta Calvin say from the hallway. Clint growls softly, making me giggle.
He smiles at me, tucking my hair behind my ear. When he looks around the room, he must see what I did. That it’s stark and there’s nothing for me to do in here.
but think. “Do you want to go for a run?” He asks me. “Yes.” That’s exactly what I want to do.
He takes me down the back stairs, I’m assuming to keep me from running into my parents. We head outside, strip and shift. Andra is happy to see Donovan and they begin to run through the forest. Instead of being a training run, this is a fun run. Donovan lets Andra lead the way, but eventually guides us to a place where we can rest and look out over the canyon.
The lights from the human town in the distance and those from the nearby 17 Shadow Falls Pack are beautiful. The moon has risen, and it shines brightly in the sky.
“How are you doing Lily bud? Clint asks me through the mind link. Andra has curled up against Donovan, who has laid his head over her protectively, keeping watch on the forest around us.
“I don’t honestly know.” I tell him. “I’m scared and I feel lost. I’m thankful for you, Donovan and Andra or I'd be feeling pretty lonely now too.
“You're not alone Lily. You’ll never be alone again.”
It's quiet for a moment. “I was thinking, since Patrick put me in charge of your training, I’d like to move away from the warriors. That way, we can train in peace, but you also won't have to deal with your father.”
I think about it for a minute. “I’d like that. Do you think Alpha Patrick will agree?”
“I'll speak to him tonight. I don’t want your father distracting you from training. And Patrick knows I take training very seriously. He may want us to show him what you're learning regularly to prove that we’re actually training and not fooling around, but that’s fine.”
I'm thankful that I’m in Andra’s form so he can’t see my blush. The rumor mill will be even worse now that I’ve moved into the packhouse, and I'll be spending lots of time with Clint individually. But it can’t be helped. No one else needs to know what happened with my dad, so let them talk.
“It's getting late, we should head back.” He says, before standing up. We run back to the packhouse, shift and change before heading inside.
“You little slut! After everything I did for you, this is how you repay me.” I stop dead in my tracks. My father steps out of the shadows, like he’s been waiting for
1.me. Clint steps in front of me. “You need to back off, Aaron.” “Like hell I will. Don’t think you’ve won here, Guardian.” He sneers Clint’s title. ” She’s my daughter.” “And you pay lost the right to be her parent when you tried to sell her to an Alpha to debts.”
“That’s all a misunderstanding. I’ll get that straightened out and then Lily will come back home.” My stomach clenches at the thought. I know it’s not a
misunderstanding. + 15 BONOS
“By the time you get this straightened out,” Clint uses his finger to make air quotes, “your daughter will be an adult and able to make her own decisions. Until then, Alpha Patrick is her parental guardian, so if you have a problem with me or Lily, take it up with him.”
“Let's go Lily.” He reaches behind himself, to encircle me with an arm, guiding me toward the door, but keeping himself between me and my father.
As we go to step inside, my father gives me his parting shot. “I hope you’re proud of yourself, Lily. You made your mother cry.” It's a well-aimed shot that hits home. I never wanted my mother to be hurt by all of this.
Clint gently pushes me inside before turning to my father. “She didn’t make her mother cry. Accept responsibility for your actions. You did this. You did it to yourself, you did it to your wife and you did it to Lily. You have no one to blame but yourself.” He says before letting the door slam closed.
Clint walks me to my room. “I’m sorry, Lily. I'll talk to Patrick.”
I shake my head, trying to hold back my tears. “You have nothing to be sorry about. I hope you don’t mind, but I just want to be alone.”
“Of course. You have my number. You can text me at any time. I'll check on your later.” “Thank you.” I tell him before closing the door. The minute the door shuts, the
tears start to fall.
Cooper
Author
OR ￡15 BONDS.
###Chapter 491
As Lily closes the door, I immediately hear her sniffles and soft sobs. I clench my fists and go in search of Patrick. I’m furious that they didn’t throw her father in the cells or at least make sure he returned home.
I find him in his office. I walk in without knocking. He looks up and when he sees it’s me, he sits back in his chair, folding his hands together on his desk.
“Clint? Something on your mind?”
I should sit down, but my temper won't let me settle. “I took Lily for a run tonight to get her out after everything that happened.” I look up to see if he’s going to make some smart comment, but he remains quiet, watching me.
“Her father was laying in wait for us when we returned.” That got his attention. He sits up, leaning forward. “Where?”
“Outside the packhouse. Called her slut, ungrateful and basically blamed her for everything. Then he said something about it all being a misunderstanding and Lily will be moving back home when it’s figured out.” I turn to look at him, my anger flashing hot. “I thought you were going to punish him, not let him harass his daughter and lie about what is really going on.”
Patrick sighs. “Have a seat, Clint.” “Til stand.” “It wasn’t a suggestion.” He says and stares me down until I sit. I may be stronger than he is, but he’s still my Alpha.
When I sit, he rubs his hands over his face. I can see that this entire situation is causing him stress. But that’s his job as the Alpha. You get the good and the bad with leading a pack.
“I was not expecting Evelyn Raines to break down in my office and beg for leniency for her mate on her knees. I did it for her.*
Okay, that was unexpected. I’d never met Lily's mom, but I assumed that she got her strength of character from someone, and since it obviously wasn’t her father, I thought it would have been her mother. Apparently, Lily got her strength from herself.
‘Another reason our mate is incredible and perfect for us.‘ Donovan pipes in. 12 “So, now what? He just gets to harass ver?” I ask, still forming from the confrontation.
“Of course not. He'll be spending a night in the cells for that little stunt. He’s also been bannaé from leaving the pack lands, but lll give him an Alpha command to stay away from Lily without my express permission.” He wouldn't be able to refuse the Alpha command.
“Were you able to get her some clothes and things for school tomorrow?” Task.
“Yes, they were left in her room. Her mother wanted to see her and that’s when i realized that you must have taken her out.” I look out the window behind Patrick's desk. “She looked so sad.
He nods, giving me a moment. “Was there anything else?”
“Yes. I wanted to get your permission to train Lily and Andra away from the warriors. Especially now, with how her father treated her, I don’t want her distracted.”
He looks at me intently long enough that anyone else would be squirming in their seat. But I'm a Guardian, I don’t squirm. I wait him out.
“I want a demonstration every other day of what she’s learning. And Clint, I’d better see progress quickly.” I smirk at him. “I already knew you'd say that.”
When I leave his office, I go back to Lily’s room. I put my ear to her door, and I can hear that she’s still sniffling. As I turn to leave, I see Beta Calvin standing in his doorway, watching me with his arms crossed across his chest.
“Clint?” He says, his eyebrows raised.
“I was just checking on her, Calvin. We had a run-in with her father earlier and I wanted to see if she was okay, but she’s still crying.” I say quietly, looking at her closed door.
His arms drop and he steps closer to me, lowering his voice. “What kind of run- in?” He asks.
I tell him and his lips press together. “I was worried that Evelyn was more concerned about her mate’s punishment than he was. I'm assuming you spoke to Patrick?”
I tell him my conversation with Alpha Patrick and he nods. “The Alpha command will ensure that he leaves Lily alone, or at least that he doesn’t speak to her
203
without Patrick’s consent. But I'll keep my eye on her anyway.”
“Thanks, Calvin.” I move to step around him when he starts chuckling.
“Don’t thank me. The closer I’m watching her, the harder it will be for you to get to her.”
4 
###Chapter 492
I turn back and look at him. “She’s my mate. I don’t intend to do anything that will upset her or means me staying away from her. Besides, once she old enough to realize she’s my mate, she’s mine.” Donovan’s deeper voice growls,
overlaying mine at the end. He shakes his head before walking back into his room.
go back to my room. 1 got the guitar and I’ve started practicing with an online course teaching me the guitar chords. I practice for an hour before setting the guitar aside and picking up my phone.
Me: How are you doing Lily bud?
Mate: I’m okay. Thanks for checking on me.
Me: Do you need anything? Warm milk? Cookies? Soap?
I'm hoping to make her smile with that one.
Mate: Are you implying that I stink?
She's teasing back, this is a good sign.
Me: Nope. I love the way you smell. I’m just trying to make sure that all your needs are met.
Mate: What do I smell like?
Me: Orange blossoms and ginger.
Mate: And that smells good to you?
Me: Very!
Mate: Has anyone ever told you that you're weird?
Me: Weird good? Or Weird bad?
Mate: So far, it’s good.
Me: Try to get some sleep Lily bud. Patrick approved our training, so tomorrow morning, your ass is mine.” Mate: I look forward to it.
Me: Go to sleep, but if you need to talk, I’m only a text message away.
I wait to see if she’ll respond. When she doesn't, I take a shower and crawl into
bed. Just in case, I leave my phone vollumne on before falling asleep, thinking about my sweet male.
Somewhere, in the middle of the night, I hear my phone ping. I’ve always slept well, but I’In not a heavy sleeper. I reach for my phone and see that it’s sam.
Mate. Are you awake?
I was worried that she wouldn't be able to sleep and I was right. Rather than replying, I put on some sweatpants and a long sleeve shirt, before crawling out of my window and going to her room. I gently knock on her window. I hear her shuffling around in her room before the blind is opened, her eyes wide when she
sees me. She opens the window. “What are you doing here?” She whispers.
“You texted me. I wanted to check on you.”
“You didn’t need to do that.” She says, looking down at the ground three floors down. I can tell that she hasn't fallen asleep yet. “Can't sleep?” I say, running my thumb under her eye and across her cheek.
She shakes her head.
“Come on.” I tell her and reach out my hand.
“Where?” She asks, looking down again.
“Trust me.” I say and wait to see if she'll take my hand.
When she does, I smile and help her out of her room. We crab—walk across the ledge until the roof slants down. I climb up and
reach back to help her up. When we get to the top, there is a flat roof area where I take her. I grab a blanket that I keep up here for times when I need to get away. I spread it out before laying down and patting my chest for her to join me.
“How many girls have your brought up here Clint?” She asks, and I can hear the frustration and disappointment in her voice.
I stand back up, taking her face in my hands, making sure she sees the honesty in my eyes. “Just one, Lily bud. You. I come up here when I need to escape. I don’t bring anyone up here with me.”
I take her hands and I sit back down. I wait until she begins to sit before laying back down and tapping my chest for her to lay on me.
When she does, Donovan immediately begins purring in my chest. She chuckles. “Donovan, you flirt.”
+15 BONOS
“He can’t help it, it’s not just Andra that he’s got a soft spot for.”
— I can feel her shaking her head against my chest. I feel whole having her in my arms like this. Without consciously thinking about it, I begin rubbing her head, running my fingers through her hair while I look up at the stars. Donovan continues his purring, the rumble deep in my chest and it isn’t long before I hear her breathing even out, her body twitching as she falls asleep.
Once I know she’s asleep, it isn’t long before I follow her to dreamland.
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 493
Chapter 0493 I'm warm and comfortable when some rude person starts shaking me awake “Lily, wake up, we have to get back to your room.
That jolts me awake and 1 shoot up. I’m outside, on the roof with Clint. I fell asleep. I’d been tossing and turning all night and on impulse, I texted him. When he brought me up here, I was ready to stomp right back to my room until he told me I was the only one he’d every brought up here. And then I fell asleep, almost immediately. Between Clint’s fingers in my hair and Donovan’s purring in my ear, I didn’t stand a chance.
Clint is standing up, holding out his hand to me. “We have to get you back to your room before anyone notices.” “What time is it?” I ask, moving off the blanket and letting him fold it up and put it back where he stores it.
“Early, but not early enough. We both fell asleep.” He gets to the slanted roof and carefully slides down before turning, reaching out for me with one hand and putting a finger to his lips. The universal sign to be quiet. He helps me down and we scoot across the ledge before he helps me back into my room.
“Meet me downstairs in 15 minutes.” He whispers and I start to hear the warriors. moving around below us. My eyes widen and I nod before quickly closing the window.
I rush to get dressed, quickly use the bathroom and brush my teeth before grabbing my hair tie and leaving my room. As I’m walking downstairs, I hear someone coming up behind me. I turn and it’s Clint.
“Good morning, Lily. Did you sleep well?” He asks me with a goofy grin as if he didn’t just see me a few minutes ago. “It took me awhile to fall asleep, but when I did, I slept very well. Thank you,
Clint.”
“Patrick told me the warriors will be running and sparring this morning, so we’re taking the obstacle course.”
Over the next hour and a half, he pushes me hard. He’s forcing me to test my strength and speed and I’m quickly realizing that I am stronger and faster than I
was. When he asks me to start jumping long distances, I hesitate. I've never been good.
at leaping distances. Andra’s great at it. Me, not so much. Clint takes his time showing the how to push off with my feet, use my strength and basically testing my ability. By the time we are done, I’m leaping the same distance that he can.
Nice! You'll need to learn what your abilities are now that you are a Guardian. We'll continue to practice, but this was a good start today.” He tells me as wan climb down the obstacles to get back to the ground.
When we get there, Alpha Patrick, watching us. “Nice job, Lily. It looked like Clint was putting you through your paces up there.” He says.
I'm still out of breath when I reply. “Yes. But it was fun. I’m stronger than I was even a couple of days ago. “I'm glad to hear it. Did Clint tell you I'd like to assess your training every couple of days?”
I look at Clint. He mentioned that it might be the case, but not that it was definite. I turn back Alpha Patrick. “He mentioned something about that. What were you thinking? How can I show you what I'm learning?”
He gives me a wicked grin. “You'll have to spar with me or Calvin.” Clint laughs at what must be a terrified look on my face. “Don’t worry, Lily. I won’t let you fail. We'll spar this afternoon and see how you do.” Clint assures 1. me. Before we can walk away, Patrick stops us. “There is another reason I came to see you, Lily.” We stop and Patrick gives Clint a look, like he expects him to leave. He doesn't, and I don’t say anything. I watch Patrick sigh before speaking. “Clint mentioned that your father approached you yesterday evening.”
The reminder instantly makes my stomach clench, and I can only nod. Clint moves to stand beside me, putting his hand on my back in support. 
###Chapter 494
Chapter 0494 “I want you to know how sorry Tam that he did that. I didn’t want to give an
Alpha coramand for him to stay away from you, but since he didn’t listen, I have now given the command. If anything like that happens again, I want you to let me know Lily.”
“Yes, Alpha. Thank you.”
“In light of that, I will have someone go to your home today and pack up your things. They will be in your room when you get back from school. Did you get the clothes and other items that we left yesterday?”
“Yes, thank you.” I'm thankful I won’t have to see my father. I’m not sure how my mother is reacting to all of this, but she hasn’t reached out to me. Given my father’s response to me last night, I’m guessing I won’t hear from her.
“If you need anything at all, Lily, please don’t hesitate to ask me or Luna Olivia.” We head inside to grab breakfast before getting ready for school. “Meet you back down here in 45 minutes?” Clint asks. I'm confused. Why would I be meeting him downstairs.
He raises an eyebrow at me. “You're going to school with me and Anders. Don’t worry, we'll swing by to pick up Calista on the way.”
“Oh my goddess. Cali. She has no idea what’s happened.” The thought of having to tell my friend everything that has happened in the last couple of days makes the breakfast in my stomach feel like it’s going to come back up.
“Hey.” Clint reaches out and gently grips my shoulders. “She’s a good friend. I know she'll be there for you.”
I nod before reaching out and hugging him. He may only be doing this because I’m a Guardian now, but he’s been my rock though this whole ordeal. “Thanks Clint. I would never have expected you to be such a good friend to me.”
“I told you, you're stuck with me Lily bud. I’m not going anywhere, and I'll help you with anything that you need.”
“Well, right now, I need a shower.” I see a flash in his eyes, and I know he took that as in invitation. “And NO, I don’t need help.” “If you ever do...” He wags my eyebrows at me.
I laugh as I turn to head to my room. I can hear Clint taking the last set of stairs
Forty five minutes later, I meet Anders and Clint downstairs and we head out. When we get to Calista’s house, Clint jumps out, opening the door for her.
“Here, Calista. Why don’t you sit next to Lily today.” He says. It might be the www.est thing he’s done so far. He seems to know I need my friend.
“Lily, what's going on?” She looks at everyone in the car then back at me. “Why were you already in the car?” I look at my friend, hoping that she will support me. “I moved into the packhouse yesterday.” Her brow furrows and she takes my hand. “What? Why?”
I look up front seeing Anders watching us from his rear—view mirror and I know Clint is listening in. “I’m going to tell you something that only a very few people know, Cali. I want it to stay between us, okay?”
“Lily, you know I can keep a secret.” And I hear the hurt behind her words. She doesn’t understand why Anders and Clint know and she doesn't.
“You know how I went away with my father this weekend?” “Yes, I thought you would be home yesterday, but I never saw you. I guess you were moving to the packhouse?” “Not exactly. I realized that my father is trying to push me into a mate bond with Alpha Mahli. My father has large gambling debts,
and he wants to force me to take Alpha Mahli as my mate to pay them off.” My voice chokes up at the end, my throat has gone dry.
I'm immediately pulled into Calis embrace. “Oh my goddess. What can I do?” I reach my arms around my friend, holding her tight. “You just did it.”
Cooper
Author
Call is great friend!
Updates Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays
93 
###Chapter 495
While I expected Calista to support Lily, it was nice to have it confirmed. As much as I want to be the one Lily goes to when she’s worried or upset, our relationship isn’t at that point yet. She needs the support of her lifelong friend.
As we're pulling up into the parking lot, Calista asks one more question. “So, Alpha Patrick knows what happened, but who is looking out for you? You're not 18 yet.”
“Alpha Patrick has taken over as my parental guardian. My mother could have come to stay with me, but I expected her to stay with my father, and she did.
“Well,” Calista says as we exit the car, “I guess I'll just have to come to the packhouse to so we can do our homework together.
I watch as she wraps her arm around Lily’s shoulders, and they begin walking to the school entrance. Anders and I walk behind them, almost in a protective
stance. I’m not sure what look we have on our faces, but no one approaches us as we walk inside.
We split off to go to our lockers. I can see that Lily and Calista are still whispering to each other, but Lily has relaxed a little bit. Anders closes his locker and steps up beside me as we watch them. “She'd make a great Luna, wouldn’t she?”
My snarl is instantaneous. I turn to my friend, ready to fight for Lily if that’s what it takes. She was worried about Anders forcing a mate bond on her and here he is confirming her suspicions.
To my friend’s credit, he doesn’t flinch or take a step back. “I’m speaking about Calista, of course.”
I immediately relax and smile apologetically at my friend. “Yeah, she would.” I turn to look at them as they start to walk to class. “She handled that situation really well.”
As I watch, Lily turns and looks at me. I smile and nod at her. I'll see her in class. Hopefully, she'll handle the rest of it just as well.”
“She will.” I look at my friend. He’s never shown this kind of interest in someone before. We start to walk toward our classes. “You really think she’s your mate, don’t you?”
He never takes his eyes off her. “I do. Zakai has never shown this kind of interest in someone before. It’s almost like he’s ready to roll over and show her his belly.”
I snort. “Donovan's the same with Lily and Andra. It’s like he’s willing to do anything to make them happy.” ‘She’s our mate. I will do anything to make her happy.” Donovan says to me.
Chemistry class goes much better today I realize that when we're actually working together, Lily and I work very well together. I feel like something has changed between us. I don’t know if it’s that she feels at some level she can trust me, or just knowing that we share a bond now, with both of us being Guardians, that something in her has relaxed around me. Whatever it is, if our teamwork in Chemistry is any indication of how our lives will be when we're mated, we'll be unstoppable. It’s effortless, easy and unlike everyone else in the class, our experiment worked perfectly.
In Literature, I'm behind again, but I plan to catch up. If Calista is going to come to the packhouse to study with Lily, Anders and I will be joining in. That will not only give us more time with them, but it will also give me a chance to spar with her mentally about some of this crap we're reading. Okay, maybe it’s not crap, someone somewhere decided that these books were good enough to be considered classics. It's just never been important to me. But it is to Lily, she seems to really like what we're reading, so now, it's important to me too.
“When are you going to tell Calista the rest?” I ask her as we walk to our lockers at the end of the day.
She shrugs. “I'm not sure. I laid a pretty hefty bomb on her this morning. I don’t want to overwhelm her.”
“If I may, I'd say she was a bit hurt that it took you that long to tell her. She’s stronger than most people give her credit for.” “She definitely is.” Lily immediately defends. “I just...”
I stop, pulling her to a stop, making her look at me. “You just...?”
“What if knowing puts her at risk? Maybe it’s better that she doesn’t know.”
“Do you want my opinion?”
She nods. “If you trust her, tell her.”
We start walking again. “Did you tell Anders right away?”
“Yes, but it was different for me. I was 10, he was my best friend, and I was excited that it meant that no one would ever be able to separate us.”
She nods again. “I'll tell her.”
We drop Calista off at her house, and she promises to come by after dinner to do homework When we get to the packhouse, I tell Lily she’s got to minutes before it’s time for training.
Since the warriors are using the obstacle course this afternoon, I take her closer to the forest where we can have some privacy, just in case Andra pushes forward. I don’t know how long Patrick plans to try and keep Lily’s existence as a Guardian a secret, but the fewer people that see her sparring, the better.
“Do you want offense or defense?” I ask her. “Offense.” I take a defensive stance and nod that I’m ready. Her speed and strength are almost identical to what they were last week. I give
her a few minutes to start pushing herself. When she doesn’t, I start to push her. I push her hard, forcing her to become more defensive in her fighting.
After knocking her to the ground, I give her a hand to help her up. “You’re not pushing yourself. You're still acting like you have the same strength you've always had. You're stronger than this. Again.”
Again, she fights. She’s good, but I know she can be better. After taking her down again, I can see she’s frustrated. “I'll take offense this time. Stop holding yourself back. Trust Andra and let her Guardian spirit flow through you.”
She's breathing heavily, but she gets in a defensive stance. I come at her hard. Harder than I’ve ever come at her before. As hard as I went at Patrick, Calvin and Anders. I increase my speed, forcing her to act on instinct rather than thinking about her moves.
I can tell the moment she gets out of her head. Her eyes rim with gold and she’s able to block me, her speed matching mine. I push even harder, my hits coming faster. She continues to block everything. When she goes on the offensive and is finally able to hit me, I call the match.
“Nice!” I say, as we both bend over, our hands on our knees, sucking in air. I look up at her. “Did you feel the difference?” She nods.
“Good, that’s the strength you need to tap into when you spar with Patrick, Calvin and Anders.” I tell her, before leading her back to the packhouse. Time to get some food and then meet up with Cali and Anders for homework.
###Chapter 496
Dinner was strange First, I don’t usually eat in the packhouse. Since my parents have the own house, we usually eat there unless there is a pack event. But Clint insisted that I eat with him and Anders, which meant that I am sitting with at the ranked wolves. It people hadn’t noticed that I had moved to the packhouse before, they certainly notice that I am getting special treatment by eating with our ranked members.
When I sit, Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi turn their attention to me. “Lily, dear, how have you settled into your room? Do you have everything you need?” Luna Olivia turned to me.
“Oh, Alpha Patrick had my things brought over today. I haven’t checked but I should have everything I need. Thank you.” “If not, please let me know, or Naomi can help you. You are closer to her room if it’s something urgent.” “Thank you both, I really appreciate it. I don’t want to be a burden.‘
“I was thinking it was nice to have another she—wolf at this table.” Beta Naomi whispers so only Luna Olivia and I can hear her. “Too much testosterone if you ask me.” I can’t help but laugh. Both Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi are being very kind to me.
“What are you girls laughing at down there?” Alpha Patrick has turned his attention back to us. No doubt our laughter, or at least the laughter of his mate, has caught his attention. I’ve heard he’s a very attentive mate.
“Oh, we’re just discussing how glad we are that Lily was able to join us for dinner.” Luna Olivia says, winking at me. I try to hide my smile by looking back at my plate.
The conversation starts up again and I look up to see that Clint is watching me. He smiles before starting to eat again..
“So, Patrick, Anders and I are going to join Lily and Calista in their study group tonight. I was thinking that we could use the small meeting room.” Clint says and the table goes quiet.
“You and Anders are joining Lily and Calista in a study group?” Patrick says as if this is a difficult concept to understand. Everyone at the table is staring at him. and Anders.
“Yes. Lily and Calista are used to studying together, and with Lily moving here, 1/2
Calista is going to be coming to the packhouse to study. Clint and I figured we'd join them So, the small meeting room, dad?” Anders answers his father.
“And what, exactly, will you be studying?” Beta Calvin asks. “Well, I need to get caught up on my literature reading.” Clint says. “Yeah, and I need to prepare for an anatomy and physiology test.” Anders says.
Both of them have the most innocent looks on their face that I’ve ever seen. I glance around and see the looks of surprise and exasperation from everyone else at the table.
“Door stays open.” Alpha Patrick says before he goes back to eating.
“Of course, dad. What did you think we were going to do? Geez, get your mind out of the gutter.” And 1 suddenly realize exactly what everyone at the table was thinking and I blush, what I’m sure, is a bright shade of red.
Luna Olivia turns back to me. “Your friends with Calista, isn’t that right Lily?”
“Oh, yes ma’am. We're best friends, we have been almost all our lives.”
“I don’t know her very well. Tell me about her.” She says with a smile. I see Anders tense up from the corner of my eye. “Well, she’s very smart. She’s a kind and generous friend. Unlike me, she doesn’t want to be a warrior, so she’s working to become a doctor.”
“She sounds like a lovely girl.” Beta Naomi says.
“She really is.” I say and Luna Olivia turns to Beta Naomi. “We should invite her to have dinner here with us tomorrow night.” She turns back to me. “Do you think she would like that?”
“Uh, I think so. I'll ask her when she comes over tonight.” I say, not understanding why Anders looks more and more uncomfortable as this
conversation continues. Clint, on the other hand, seems to be trying hard not to laugh. “How about you introduce us to her when she gets here.” Beta Naomi says. “That way we can invite her ourselves.” “Okay, I’m sure that will make her feel more comfortable about coming tomorrow.” I tell them.
###Chapter 497
After dinner, I head up to my room and quickly shower and change before Calista is supposed to arrive. I grab my books and head downstairs just as she is walking into the packhouse.
“Hey Calli.” “Lily!” We hug like we didn’t just see each other a couple hours ago. “Did your parents say anything about you coming here tonight?” I ask her.
“No, apparently, they saw the warrior that Alpha Patrick sent to your house to get your things. They haven’t seen your parents at all.”
“What did you tell them?” I ask her.
“I told them you were living in the packhouse now, but I didn’t know what had happened.” “Thanks, Cali. Hey, Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi want to meet you. They wanted
invite you to have dinner with us tomorrow night.”
toi
“Me? Why?”
I shrug. “I don’t know. Maybe so I don’t feel so awkward.” I lean in toward her. It was weird being at the ranked member's table.” She and I are giggling together when we turn the corner and find Luna Olivia.
“Luna Olivia. This is my friend, Calista Johns.”
“Oh, Calista.” Luna Olivia takes her hands. “Aren’t you beautiful? We'd love it if you would join us for dinner tomorrow night at the packhouse. I'd be happy to speak to your parents about it, if needed.”
I can see Cali is just as flustered as I was earlier. “I’m sure they will be fine with me having dinner here, Luna. Thank you for the invitation.”
“Before you go study,” she turns, “Naomi!” She calls out.
Beta Naomi comes out of another room. “Oh, is this Calista?” She asks, her eyes brightening. “Yes, isn’t she lovely?”
“She definitely is. I'm so glad to meet you. You'll be having dinner with us.
tomorrow evening?”
“Uh, yes, Beta.”
“Wonderful, we'll catch up more tomorrow night, then. Enjoy you
satme.
As we turn and walk away, Cali “What was that?”
“I have no idea.”
Studying was interesting. When we arrived, Clint and Anders had already set up the room so that one of us would have to sit with Anders and the other with Clint.
“Why don’t we pull the tables together?” I suggest when we walk in.
“Oh, we set it up this way so we could study our joint classes without disrupting each other.” Anders says quickly. “Cali, you can come sit with me and we can study for our anatomy test.”
it off to our I look at her quickly before we separate tables. “Did you tell her?” Clint mind links me, wanting to know if I told her I’m a Guardian. I shake my head.
Studying with Clint was actually fun. When the man applies himself, he’s very intelligent. And while I appreciate a gorgeous body as much as the next she-wolf, there is something about a man that can match wits with me that turns me on more than a ripped body. Maybe it’s because anyone who works hard enough can have a great body, or maybe because the mind is something that isn’t as obvious as a hard body, but I found myself looking forward to tomorrow's study session. As we finish studying, I watch as Calista starts to pack her bags. “I'll walk you home.” Anders says to her.
“That’s not necessary.” She tells him.
He reaches out and puts his hand on hers, waiting until she looks at him. “It may not be necessary, but I'd feel better knowing you got home safely.” He holds her gaze until she nods.
“Now’s your chance.” Clint says. I look at him and he gives me a ‘it’s your choice’ look.
I sigh. “Before you leave, Cali, there’s something I want to show you.”
I stand and close the door to the room. I know it was supposed to stay open, but I can’t risk anyone walking in. When I look back, Cali is frowning at me. “Lily?”
“There’s something else that’s going on, another reason I’m living in the packhouse now. But an even smaller number of people know about this.”
She looks at Anders and Clint before turning back to me. “Okay.”
Cc
I let Andra push forward, my eyes turning to gold.
Cali’s eyes go wide, and her hands go to her mouth. “Oh, my goddess.” She whispers.
“You're a Guardian.”
Cooper
Author
What did you think of Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi? Updates Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
+15 BONOS
3
+ 
###Chapter 498
Chapter 0498 As Calista collects herself, she looks from Lily to me. “This is why. This is why you are spending so much time together.” “Yes.” Lily says to her.
I move to Lily, standing beside her. “I’m going to be training Lily and making sure that she is safe. But you know what this means, Calista, especially in light of what we know about her father.”
Her eyes go from me to Lily. “You must have been terrified this weekend.”
Lily takes a step toward Calista, just as the door swings open. I move to block Lily from whoever is walking in as Andra is still shining in her eyes.
“I thought I was clear about the door staying open.” Patrick says, walking in.
“I'm sorry Alpha, it’s my fault.” Lily says, not turning around. “I needed to show Calista something private.” She turns, showing Andra in her eyes.
Patrick turns, closing the door. “Calista, this is a lot of information and it’s dangerous for Lily if this information gets out. I expect that what she has shown you here will stay in this room.” He says, using his Alpha tone.
“Cali knows how to keep a secret, dad, and she’s a good friend. She wouldn’t do that to Lily.” Anders jumps to her defense.
Patrick looks at all of us in the room. “I would suggest that this conversation not include anyone else in the pack. At least not until I have figured out how to keep Lily safe once the secret is out.”
“Can't we just keep it a secret until she turns 18? That’s only a couple months. away.” Cali says.
“It's not that easy.” I tell her. “When we spar, Andra comes out. It’s not something we can control, or not easily. Our wolves are warriors, and their strength pushes through us, frequently showing in our eyes.”
“Well, I'll do whatever I can to help.” Calista says, reaching out and pulling Lily into a hug. “You're my best friend and I love you. Whatever you need from me, you let me know.”
“Thanks Cali. I love you too.” Lily says, hugging her back.
“I'm taking Cali home, dad. I'll come see you when I get back.” Anders says before pulling Calista’s bag off her shoulder and throwing it over his.
+15 BONOS
I grab Lily’s books and stack them on mine before guiding her out to the hall, nodding at Patrick as we pass. “We'll see you in the morning, Cali.” Lily says. before we walk upstairs.
I walk Lily to her room before handing her books back to her. I wait until she opens her door, standing in her doorway, making sure everything looks normal. ” Text me if you have trouble sleeping tonight.” I tell her.
She sets her books on her desk before coming back to the door. “Thanks Clint. I really do appreciate everything you are doing for me.”
I'm just about to lean down and kiss her when I hear someone clear their throat behind me. “It’s after-hours Clint.” Calvin says to me.
I turn and look at him over my shoulder. He’s in the same position at his door, arms crossed over his chest, just like last night. “I was just walking Lily to her room after our study session, Calvin.” I turn back to Lily and roll my eyes. She giggles, making me smile.
“See you in the morning, Lily.” I say before heading back to my room.
When I get back, I grab my guitar. I’m still practicing when Anders walks in and flops down on a chair. “You know that sounds like you're killing cats.”
“How do you know what killing cats sounds like?” I ask him, continuing my practice.
“Because I’ve been listening to you do it every night for days!” He says.
I strum my next chord. “How was your walk?” I ask him, knowing he’s been wanting alone time with Calista. He smiles, his eyes lost in a memory. “It was good.”
I strum another chord, before looking over at him. “Did she agree to go out with you yet?”
“No, but she did say she enjoyed studying with me more than she thought she would.”
I snort. “So, basically she thought you were a dumb Alpha but now she knows you actually have a brain?”
“I believe her actual words were, ‘It’s nice to know you use the head above your waistline almost as much as the one below it.” I laugh at that. “I like her more and more.”
“How about you, you walked Lily to her room.”
+15 BONDS
“Yep and got cockblocked by Calvin. Bastard. He knows exactly what he’s doing. I’m starting to wonder if he’s got a camera in the hallway.”
“So, your mom didn’t scare Calista away with her dinner invitation?” I ask after a moment.
“Ugh, could she have been any more obvious?” He says frustrated. “Honestly, I can’t believe Lily didn’t pick up on it.” 
###Chapter 499
“Remember, she doesn’t spend as much time with your parents as we do. I just. hope your mom and Naomi don’t scare Calista off tomorrow. I think Lily will be happy if she comes for dinner more often, now that she’s living here.”
I set the guitar aside. “Are you really going to play her a song on that thing?” Anders asks me. “Yep. I've found the song I want to play, I just need to get better, then pick my venue.”
“How are we going to get them to agree to go to Prom with us?”
“That, my friend, is the question of the day.”
After Anders goes to his room, I shower and get into bed. I make sure my phone volume is up, just in case. This time, I hear the ping around 12:30.
Mate: You awake?
Excellent. I grab a thicker blanket, dropping it on the roof before making my way to her window. When I get there, I see she has the window open and is sitting
beside it.
“Waiting for me?” I ask her quietly as I sit on her windowsill.
She smiles shyly. “Maybe.”
“Come on.” I extend my hand and take hers, waiting while she closes the window before we start our crawl to the roof.
When we get there, I have the blankets already laid out. “I thought maybe you’d want to lay up here again, so I dropped off a couple more blankets so it’s a bit softer to sleep here.” I tell her before getting settled then motioning for her to join me. When she does, I pull another blanket over us.
“What made you start coming out here? I’mean, it’s a great view, but was that the reason? You said it was a place for you to escape?” She asks.
She looks up at me from her place on my chest. “If it's too personal, you don’t have to answer. I was just wondering.” She says.
I kiss her forehead. “I don’t mind answering, Lily. I'll tell you anything you want to know.” I look up at the stars. “I found this spot after my parents died. I was having a hard time, struggling with losing the only family that I had. I mean, Anders and his parents are like family, but...”
“It's not the same.” She finishes for me.
“No, it’s not.” I confirm. I look down at her. I don’t know if she’s realized that. she’s rubbing my chest, but it feels amazing having her touch me.
“How did you manage? I mean, I don’t know if I'll ever have a relationship with my parents again. I don’t have any siblings either. She looks up at me. “How did you get over it.”
I begin rubbing
back in slow circles. “The hardest and easiest answer is time. It takes time to come to terms with the loss, time to get through the pain, time to adjust to your new normal. But having friends and people that care about you makes it easier.” I tell her.
We settle into silence, each in our own thoughts. Donovan starts purring in my chest, and I hear her sigh before she falls asleep. ‘She likes my purr.‘ Donovan says proudly.
‘It's a soothing sound for her.*
‘Andra likes it too. I can feel her respond as well.’
“I'm hoping we’ll be meeting up here more often and you can purr to both of their hearts‘ content.’ I tell him.
I cover her hand that is still laying on my chest, wrapping my fingers around hers before falling into sleep.
‘Wake up!’ Donovan shouts.co
my head.
I jolt awake and realize the sky is lighter than it should be. Damn, even up here, I sleep better with my mate beside me than I do in my own bed.
“Come on, Lily bud. Time to get you back to your room.” I say, pulling her hand to my lips and kissing her knuckles while she slowly opens her eyes.
Her head pops up. “Oh, we did it again?”
I smile at her. “Yep, we both fell asleep. Come on, let’s get you back to your room before anyone notices that you’re gone.”
We fold up the blankets, putting them away, before making our way back to her window. I quickly check her room before opening the window and helping her inside.
She turns to close the window. “Lily.” I say, getting her attention.
She turns to me, and I lean in quickly and kiss her lips. It’s quick but the minute
19
+15 BONOS
our lips touch, I want nothing more than to devour her. But now is not the time. I pull back smiling at her shocked expression. “I'll see you in 15 minutes downstairs.”
I wink at her and leave her staring after me as I move back to my room.
Cooper
Author
Seems like Clint and Lily are getting closer! It’s looking like I will have a bonus chapter for you tomorrow! 3
415 
###Chapter 500
Chapter 0500 He kissed me.
I watch as he moves away from my window, but I’m so stunned, I can’t move for a moment. When I do, it’s to bring my fingers to my lips. The moment his lips. touched mine, it sent a zing through my entire body. I can still feel my lips. tingling.
I shake my head, getting my thoughts in order and begin changing for our training session. I’m nervous about seeing him, but when I run into him on the stairs, it’s the same as yesterday. He acts like we didn’t just see each other a few minutes ago or sleep together on the roof.
I wasn’t sure about texting him again last night, but I was glad I did. Lying in bed alone, I kept thinking about my father, my mother not reaching out to me and Alpha Mahli and what would have happened if he had realized I was a Guardian. Donovan's purring helps me to sleep well, even on the roof, and I feel more refreshed today than I did yesterday.
When we get outside, Clint tells me the plan as we head to the forest. “This morning we're going to workout in wolf form. You know that our human form strengthens our wolf form, but Andra hasn’t really worked out since you got your Guardian spirit. Today, Donovan is going to push her. You ready for that, Andra?” Clint asks her.
She pushes forward. “I’m ready.”
Donovan pushes forward as well. “You're stronger than you realize Andra. You need to trust me. I won’t push you to do something you can’t do. Let the Guardian spirit flow through you so you can learn what you are capable of.”
For the next hour and a half, Donovan pushes Andra harder than she’s ever been pushed. He has her try leaps and moves that she’s never felt comfortable doing before, but now, she’s able to do them with ease. When we're done, he walks over to her, rubbing himself on her before licking her face.
We shift and dress before heading back to the packhouse. “Good job today, both of you. Andra, how did that feel?”
“It felt good. You were right, I don’t know what I’m capable of, but I feel better now knowing that I can do more than I thought.” “We'll keep practicing. You were used to taking time each evening to train Andra, right Lily?”
+15 RONOS
“Yes, every day after training.”
“So, we'll plan to work Andra after our afternoon training session. We'll just extend our time and switch it from sparring to practicing in wolf form.” Clint says as we walk into the dining hall.
I'm still getting lots of dirty looks and multiple groups of girls are whispering as Clint and I walk in together. I don’t care other than I don’t need any more crap to deal with. I have enough on my plate without dealing with jealous she—wolves.
I grab some food and turn to Clint. “I’m just going to eat in my room and get ready for school.” He frowns at me. “Is this about earlier?” My eyes quickly track around the room. “No, I just want a little extra time to get ready this morning.” It’s a lie and he knows it.
He turns, looking around the room and he must see what I see. He growls low and deep, causing everyone to find something more important to do. “Stay. It won’t take long. Ignore them.” When I don’t move, he leans in. “You'll have to get over it eventually. We'll be training and coming to meals every day, twice a day from now on.” He says.
He’s right, I know he’s right. I sigh. I'll have to face it sooner or later. “And if anyone bothers you, just let me know. I'll handle it.”
I snort. “I can handle my own shit, thanks.” “But you don’t have to do it alone anymore, Lily bud.” The school day goes the same as always. When we drop Cali off, she looks at me.” I have an idea, we can discuss it later today.”
“Okay, sounds good. See you at dinner.”
As Clint and I head out to spar, Beta Calvin steps in front of us. “Today is show and tell day, Lily.” 
###Chapter 501
Chapter 0501 I laugh. “Let me guess, I’m showing you what I’ve learned and you're telling Alpha Patrick how I did?”
“Exactly.” He says with a big grin. I’ve always like Beta Calvin, but he’s been extra nice to me since all this happened with my father.
We head out to the forest again. If I’m going to battle against our Beta, Andra will definitely be shining in my eyes. “Okay, Lily. You take offense, show me what you’ve got.” Beta Calvin says, getting into a defensive stance. “Remember what I said, Lily. Trust Andra and let her Guardian spirit flow through you.” Clint says.
Andra pushes forward. ‘We got this Lily.”
We push hard, going in fast and moving quickly before Beta Calvin can get a hit on us. He’s fast, but not as fast as Clint. We go back and forth, jabbing, kicking and occasionally getting in a hit here and there until Calvin calls it.
“I'm impressed Lily. I knew you were good before, but in a couple of days, Clint has already helped you tap into your Guardian strength. I can only imagine how good you will be in another month. Keep up the good work.” He says before jogging off, presumably to tell Patrick about my progress.
Clint gives me a high five. “Nice job. That was helpful for me too. I can see where we still need to work to tighten up your fighting skills. Okay, let's shift and give Andra her time.” Clint says.
We give Andra her time training with Donovan. He finishes the training by rubbing himself on her again and then licking her face. My smitten wolf begins purring, rubbing her face against Donovan's.
‘Andra! I try to get my wolf under control.
‘What? He started it, scenting me like that.’
‘Scenting you Are you kidding me?’
‘I don’t mind. I like it.
‘I mind.‘ I pull my wolf back and shift.
“Donovan! No scenting my wolf! What are doing?”
?+15 HONOS
Clint shifts back, smirking at me, “What? Donovan likes Andra. He doesn’t want other males looking at her.”
I roll my eyes and start walking back to the packhouse. “Lily. Where are you going?”
“I have studying to do, thank you. And now I have to take an extra long shower to get Donovan’s scent off me.”
“First, put some clothes on before you walk to the packhouse. I don’t want other males looking at you either. And second, you can shower all you want, it won’t wash off.” He says smugly.
I turn around, narrowing my eyes at him. “You need to get your wolf under control.” I say. But before I can do anything else, he’s pulled me against him, hist lips claiming mine in a kiss so steamy I feel like I might melt.
I'm overwhelmed by his apple pie scent, his mouth moving expertly over mine, his tongue grazing across my lips until I sigh, and he slides his tongue into my mouth. One hand goes into my hair, tugging gently, moving my head to the side so he can get better access. His tongue is dominating my mouth, tasting me, overwhelming my senses. His other hand wraps around my waist, pulling me against him so I can feel his heat sinking into my skin.
I'm lost in the flood of sensations I’m feeling. I grab hold of his shoulders, needing something to hold on to. A soft moan escapes my lips, and his answering growl sends shivers up and down my body. As I try to get ahold of my emotions, I realize there is something long and hard in between my body and Clint’s, poking against my stomach. When the realization hits me, I quickly pull away, looking down. Yep, Clint’s body is definitely responding to that kiss..
“I have to go.” I say and even to my ears, my voice sounds breathless. I turn to run off, run away from Clint and this feeling that is still rippling through my body.
“Lily. Here, put something on first.” He throws me his shirt. I grab it out of the air, putting it on as I start to run.
But I know there’s nowhere I can run to escape this feeling. This feeling that every fiber of my being wants to feel again. 
###Chapter 502
Fuck! I hadn’t meant to scare her. I hadn’t meant to lose control and kiss her like that. But, as soon as I tasted the delicious orange and ginger flavor of her lips, I was lost. And then, when she moaned, holding on to me as if I was her lifeline, I wanted nothing more than to take her, claim her as my mate, leave my mark on her neck so everyone will know she’s mine.
‘At least she'll smell like us for another day or two.‘ Donovan says.
‘Not helpful if she won't talk to us.‘ I retort.
‘She will. She wants to train and be stronger.”
‘I want to spend time with her doing things other than training.”
‘Isn’t that what got us into this mess in the first place?’ My snarky wolf says.
I grab my shorts and quickly put them on, picking up Lily’s clothes as well, I jog back to the packhouse, sneaking in the omega entrance, before rushing upstairs, hoping no one sees me. I get to my room, setting Lily's clothes on a chair before taking a quick shower. I get dressed hurriedly before rushing down to dinner. I had forgotten that Calista was joining us for dinner tonight and when I get there, Lily hasn’t shown up yet. Shit!
“Clint, where is Lily? I thought the two of you would get here at the same time.” Patrick says, looking at me more intently than I want at the moment. The man is too observant.
“I'm right here.” Lily says. She breezes past me and sits down next to Calista. ” Sorry I’m late.” I sit across from Anders, next to Calvin. Anders looks at me.
“What happened?” He mind links me.
“Later.” I reply.
Olivia and Naomi have started chatting easily with Lily and Calista. I can see Anders is trying to discreetly listen in and still pay attention to our conversation.
“So Lily, Calvin says you did well today sparring against him.” Patrick says, getting Lily’s attention. “Thank you.” She says.
“I guess the training that Clint is giving you is really working.” Damn the man. He’s fishing for a response and Lily gives him one. She blushes a beautiful shade
of red before agreeing with him.
“I look forward to testing your strengths myself in a couple of days.”
“Yes, Alpha.” She says before turning back to the conversation at her end of the table.
Patrick, however, turns his gaze to me, his eyebrow raised in question.
“She’s doing great. I saw some areas we need to work on and have her tighten up before she spars with you, but she’ll be ready.”
“Mmhmm..” Is all he says before getting back to his food.
The entire meal was awkward. Anders was so busy trying to hear what his mother and Naomi were asking Calista, that he could barely keep up with our conversation. I was so busy trying to make sure that Lily was okay without Patrick or Calvin noticing that I was watching that I wasn’t doing any better than Anders.
When dinner was finally over, Lily grabbed Calista and moved off to the study room before Anders or I could get to them. When we walked in, they had set themselves up at one table, leaving the other table for me and Anders.
“This isn’t going to work.” Anders says, when we walk in. “How am I going to study with Cali if we aren’t sitting at the same table?”
Calista turns and looks at us. “Well, we don’t have any tests tomorrow, so I’m sure you'll be fine.” She says before opening her books and beginning her studying. Lily hasn’t even looked up from her book to acknowledge our entrance. Anders and I go to the other table. I stand there for a moment, before looking at Anders and giving him a devilish smile. I grab the end of the table and nod for him to do the same. He realizes instantly what I’m doing, grabs his and we pull our table next to theirs.
“What are you doing?” Lily asks as I sit down beside her.
“What does it look like I’m doing.” I say, pulling out my book and making a show of opening it. “I’m studying.” She rolls her eyes, moving her seat as far away as her table will allow before turning back to her book.
After an hour of trying to engage her in conversation and getting nothing more than “mmhmms’ and “yeps*, I decide to try another approach.
I write her a quick note and slide it to her under the table. I'm sorry.
She reads it and quickly looks up at Calista and Anders. They are talking about something in their book. She quickly writes something and gives it back to me.
For what? Hmm, now this is tricky. I decide to go with honesty. I'm not sorry I kissed you. But I am sorry I upset you.
She reads my note and looks back at her book. I think that’s going to be it, but as I watch, I realize she’s thinking about my response. Finally, she writes back.
Why did you do it? Again, tricky territory. I decide to continue being honest.
I'm attracted to you. My wolf is attracted to you. You know I want to date you. You looked so beautiful when you were angry, yelling at me. I wanted to kiss you, so I did.
She snorts, but her response is quick.
You know, you don’t always get what you want.
My response is even faster.
What if I tell you I’ve never wanted to kiss someone as much as I want to kiss you again.
She scoffs.
I'd say that sounds like a great line, Guardian. You should save it for someone that will believe it.
Time to prove to her that I’m serious.
What if I give you my word as a Guardian. I’ve never wanted to kiss someone as much as I want to kiss you again Lily bud. THE
This time she looks up at me. I nod at her, so she knows I mean it.
4
“If you two are done passing notes back and forth, I’m going to walk Cali home.” Anders says, breaking our moment. Lily quickly looks at her watch. “Oh, it’s late.” She looks at Cali. “I'll get an answer for you tomorrow.”
“Sounds good. Sleep Well Lily.” Calista tells her before saying goodbye to me.
I pack up all our books and begin walking Lily upstairs. “An answer for what?” I-
ask her.
+15 BONOS
“Just something that I need to talk to Alpha Patrick about. No big deal.”
When we get to her room, she takes her books, putting them onto her desk before turning around. “Thanks, Clint” She quickly leans up and gives me a quick kiss on the lips before closing the door. Hot Damn!
Cooper
Author
Lily seems to be thawing toward Clint!
I should be finished with my other book, The Banished Beta’s Saving Grace, next week. When it's complete, this book will move to daily updates. 
###Chapter 503
Chapter 0503 Clint gave me his word as a Guardian. Again.
This time it was about wanting to kiss me. I wish it didn’t make my heart flutter, but it did. I still hardened my heart and told him, basically, that I didn’t believe. him, until he gave me his word. After that, all I could think about was kissing him. again.
So, before he left for the night, I did.
Now, as I lay in bed, I want nothing more than to text him and go to the roof with him. But what if he thinks that kiss gives him an opening to push for more. I’m not ready for that, and I still don’t trust him completely. At least not in a relationship. As a Guardian and as my trainer, I trust him implicitly.
I go sit by my window, opening it to smell the night air, when it occurs to me. I don’t need to text him to sleep on the roof. I can just do it. And secretly, I know I'll be able to sleep because the blankets will smell like him.
I climb out of my window, closing the window behind me before I begin to shimmy over to the where I can get on the roof. I'm almost there, when Clint slides down and nearly scares me off the ledge I’m standing on. He quickly grabs. me, pulling me to him and covering my mouth to hide my scream.
“What are you doing?” He asks me severely. “What are you doing?” I ask. I didn’t text him and the only reason he would be here is if he were coming to get me.
He holds up his hand and it has my clothes in it. “Returning your clothes and checking to see if you were able to fall asleep tonight, since I didn’t hear from you.”
“Oh.” He’s still holding on to me and I can’t move without the risk of falling. “And what were you doing?” He asks me again.
“I was going to the roof.” I say. My hands are pressed against his chest, and I can feel his muscles under my hands. It’s taking too much effort not to run my hands. over his chest. His heat is permeating my skimpy night clothes and I can feel the effect being this close to him is having on me.
“Why didn’t you text me?” +15 BONOS
“Can we get off the ledge?” I ask, wanting to put some space between us. His apple pie scent is starting to make my brain short circuit.
“As soon as you answer my question.” He says and I look up at him. His eyes are. intense on mine, his mouth is barely a breath away and I can’t help but look at his lips. I know they are soft and warm, and they do things to my body that I’ve never felt before.
“I didn’t want you to think that just because I kissed you that I was going to sleep with you.” I whisper yell at him and even I can hear the aggressive tone of my voice.
He looks at me for a moment, waiting for, what I don’t know. But I refuse to make eye contact. My cheeks are burning with my statement. I stare at a point just below his eyes.
“You've been very clear about not wanting to have sex with me, Lily. And I don’t force women into sex.” When I finally look up, I can’t tell if he’s irritated with me or amused by me. “Come on. Let's get to the roof so we can both get some sleep.”
When we get there, he hands me my clothes. I set them aside to take back in the morning and help him set up the blankets. I sit down and wait for him to lay down. He sits beside me. “What?” He asks.
“I'm waiting for you to lay down so I can lay on your chest.” I say, as if this is the most obvious thing in the world. It’s how we’ve slept every night.
“Can I get one more kiss before bed?” He asks me, leaning in and giving me such a smoldering look that heat slides south, warming my core.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” I say, my voice more breathless than I would like.
“Afraid you might jump my bones?” He asks, wagging his eyebrows. “Are you always this arrogant?” “Confident.” He says.
When I don’t move forward, he sighs. “I tell you what. I’ll lay back and if you want to make my night and put a happy smile on my face before I go to sleep, you can give me another kiss. You'll be on top, so it will all be on you how long or how deep the kiss gets. If not, I'll still sleep, I just won’t be as happy.” He says before laying down, putting his hands behind his head and watching me.
+15 BONOS Here’s the thing. I really want to kiss him. I want to drown in that feeling from earlier today.
+15 BONOS 
###Chapter 504
Chapter 0504 ‘Just do it. It’s just a kiss.‘ Andra says to me.
I prop myself on my elbow, watching him as he watches me. He doesn’t move and I lean in, my eyes never leaving his. My heart rate ratchets up, I feel like I’m panting, and I haven’t even touched him yet.
I close my eyes and let our lips touch. It’s gentle at first, just a gentle pressure of my lips against his. His lips start to move, drawing me in and before I know it, I’m practically laying on him, his hand is in my hair and I’m deepening the kiss. I moan into his mouth and his tongue slides between my lips, expertly tasting me, playing with my tongue, teasing the kiss even deeper.
His taste is divine. His smell intoxicating and I moan at the feelings that he’s bringing out in me again. I want him to touch me, I want him to take control. I don’t know what I’m doing and I want him to show me what I don’t know.
Slowly, I pull away. “Can we shift positions and you kiss me?” I ask him shyly. I really want to continue this feeling. “Are you sure Lily bud?”
Inod.
“Words, Lily.”
“Yes, Clint. I want you
to kiss me. I... like the way it makes me feel.”
That’s all the encouragement he needs. In an instant, he’s flipped our positions so that he’s laying over top of me. His hand caresses my face, gently tracing my cheek, pushing some hair out of my face.
“You are so beautiful.”
Before I can respond, his lips capture mine in a kiss that has me arching up against him. How can a kiss make me feel this good?
His hand slides over my stomach and to my hip, before grabbing hold, like he needs to make his hand stop its exploration.
His kiss deepens and I run my hands through his hair, grabbing hold, never wanting this kiss to end. I let one hand run over his back, pulling him against me. I want to feel the heat of his body, not just his mouth. I want..... more, even though I don’t know exactly what ‘more’ is.
When he pulls away from me, both of us panting, I miss the feel of him instantly.
He puts his forehead against mine. “We need to stop Lily bud. I really want you and I only have so much self-control around you.”
He rolls off me, laying beside me and I can see just how much our kissing impacted him as it’s poking up toward the sky in his shorts. I saw it earlier, too. He seems to like kissing me as much as I like kissing him. He taps his chest for me to lay on him. When I do, he covers us with a blanket and Donovan begins. purring in my ear. Clint runs his fingers through my hair, and it doesn’t take long before I’m drifting off to sleep.
When he wakes me in the morning, it’s the same. We both slept too late and have to rush to my room. Before he leaves, he hands me my clothes and pulls me to him for a fiery kiss before winking and telling me he'll see me in a few minutes. I quickly get ready and meet him on the stairs. “I need to go see Alpha Patrick quickly, I'll meet you at the forest?” I say to him. I can tell he wants to ask why I need to speak to Alpha Patrick, but he doesn’t, and he agrees to meet me at our usual spot.
I knock on Alpha Patrick's door and wait for him to tell me to come in before I enter his office. “Lily, is everything okay? I’m surprised to see you this early.”
“Oh, yes Alpha. I wasn’t sure, with you being my guardian if I’m supposed to get your approval to go out on the weekends now, or if it’s okay for me to just go out.”
“Are we talking about dinner with your friend Calista, or are we talking about something else?” “Cali and I wanted to go to the bar and grill on pack lands on Saturday night. They have dancing there and she thought it would be a good idea to blow off some steam and relax for an evening.”
“I would like to know your whereabouts, Lily. Your safety if my primary concern. Will anyone else be going with you on Saturday?”
“No, just us.”
“Okay, I will be assigning you a guard. I won’t risk your father or anyone else. trying to take you.” “Thank you, Alpha. I'll talk to Cali today and find out what time so you can assign me a guard.” “Have a nice day, Lily.”
“Thank you, Alpha, you too.” I say before heading out to meet with Clint. 
###Chapter 505
It took me forever to fall asleep last night. My dick was so hard after kissing Lily that I couldn’t get comfortable and with her laying on my chest, her scent
surrounding me, and my inability to do anything about it, it took over an hour for my hard on to go away.
We had a good training session and after breakfast I’m on my way to get ready for school when Patrick mind links me to meet him in his office.
I knock before walking in and sitting across from him.
“Good morning, Clint.”
“Good morning, Patrick.”
He’s not looking at me, he’s looking at some paperwork on his desk.
“Got plans for Saturday night?” Damn, he’s got a job for me, and I was hoping to get Lily to go out with me. “No, but I’m hoping to make plans. What did
“I need you on guard duty.”
you need.” you
“How long?”
“Probably most of the night.”
I sigh. “Anders?”
“Not this time.” He says, finally looking up at me.
I hear a knock and Anders comes in. “Hey, what’s up.” He says before falling into the seat beside me. I look at Anders and then back at Patrick. “What's going on?” I ask.
He folds his hands together on his desk. “It appears that Calista and Lily are going out on Saturday night, and I need the two of you on guard duty. I can’t have anything happening to Lily while she’s under my protection.”
Anders and I look at each other and smile. Best job ever! “You got it.” Anders says.
“Yep, always willing to help.” I add.
“Good. That's all.”
+15 BONOS
Anders and I start to leave, but before I can get out of the office, Patrick calls out. “Oh and Clint, don’t think I don’t know that you take Lily to the roof every night. If that becomes a problem for her or me, I'll put an end to it.”
“Yes, Alpha.” I say, knowing it will piss him off.
“Get out of my office.” He scowls and I chuckle before closing the door behind me.
“You're taking Lily to the roof every night? For what?‘
I shrug. “She can’t sleep. And I sleep much better with her lying beside me.”
“Damn, what I wouldn't give to sleep beside Calista.”
“Hey, all we do is sleep.” I chastise him. I don’t want him to think anything more is going on with Lily.
“That’s all I meant.” He says to me. “Although, I wouldn’t mind a really hot make -out session.”
And immediately, I’m reminded of kissing Lily last night. Now I need a cold shower. “Well, see you in a few.” I say, rushing to my room before it’s obvious that my mind went somewhere else.
The rest of the week goes the same. School is good now that Lily and I are partnering together. We train morning and the afternoon, and she gives Patrick a run for his money when he spars with her. Donovan is working Andra hard, and she allows him to scent her after every training session. It keeps him calm knowing that every male that she comes into contact with can smell Donovan’s Guardian scent on her. I’m not sure she’s realized that the males that look at her no longer approach her, but I have.
At night, I get Lily and we sleep on the roof. I’ve added a couple more blankets to make it softer, especially now that she is more comfortable with us having long kissing moments before we go to sleep. She still doesn’t like me kissing her in public, but I’ve started sneaking kisses at school. It’s just one more way to show the others that are interested in her that she’s mine.
Studying has become one of my favorite times of the day. My mate is smart, and she challenges me. It’s fun to match wits with her and mentally spar after we physically spar in our training sessions. I spend hours with her every day and it’s never enough. I could spend every minute of every day with my mate and I would never get tired of being with her.
I ask her out on Friday, and I can tell that she’s wavering, but she says no. She doesn’t like the idea of a ‘date’. I don’t think she knows that Anders and I are her guards on Saturday, so when she turns me down for Friday, I ask if she'll join me
a8) +15 BONOS for breakfast on Saturday after training. She does agree to that.
I don’t know if I’ve just become a sappy guy, but over breakfast, I just want to hear her talk. I want to know everything I can about her. As she tells me about herself, she needs me to draw it out of her. She obviously isn’t used to talking about herself.
+15 DONOS 
###Chapter 506
Chapter 0506 “Favorite color?” I ask.
“Green.” She says and 1 don’t understand the blush on her cheeks as she looks down. “Yours?” She asks, putting a bite of food in her mouth.
“Mine used to be green as well, but now it’s azure blue, the color of your eyes.”
Those eyes connect with mine, laser focused to see if I’m lying. I’m not. And when her blush darkens, I realize that her favorite color may be because of my eyes too.
“Favorite flower?”
She snorts. “You're expecting me to say lily?*.
“Nope, I’m asking. I’m not assuming anything.”
“Tulips, actually.”
“Favorite food?”
“Lasagna. Yours?”
“BBQ ribs.”
“Mmmm, a good option for sure.”
“Favorite activity?”
“Training.”
“Training?”
“Yeah. I love being strong. I love being tough and giving you guys a little unexpected competition.” I have to smile at that. She definitely surprised me.
“Why, what's your favorite activity?”
Hmmm, this is dangerous territory. Previously I would have said sex. Now, it’s different. “Kissing you.”
She gives me a ‘you've got to be kidding me’ look.
“I'm serious. You’ve seen my response to you. It’s not exactly something I can hide.” 1/3
“Please. With your reputation, you have that response to any female.”
I lean in toward her across the table. “Do you want to know the truth?”
She looks hesitant. “I don’t know, do 1?”
I crook my finger at her, encouraging her to get closer and I lower my voice. “I’ve never had this strong of a reaction to kissing a woman. Everything about you makes me want more of you, Lily.”
She looks a little dazed for a moment before replying. “Well, you can want more, but you won’t be getting it from me.”
I smirk at her. “Yes, you're very vocal about that. Doesn’t matter. I want you, no one else interests me. I'll take whatever parts of you you're willing to share with me.”
“You're pretty smooth, you know that?” She asks me. I shrug. “When it comes to you, I’m nothing but honest.” “Future plans?” I get back to my questioning.
“That one is tough. I always wanted to be a warrior, maybe a Lead Warrior. But now, being a Guardian, I don’t know what that means for me.” She shrugs and takes another bite of food. “I do know that I want to find my mate, have some pups, make a happy life for my family and be a strong warrior that can protect not only my family but also my pack.”
“How many pups do you want?” She laughs at me. “Hoping I'll scare you off?”
“I told you, you're stuck with me for the rest of your life. I’m just curious.” Really curious, since I’m her mate and I’m wondering how many pups are in my future. If she says ten, I might choke, but I know I could never say no to her.
“Two or three maybe. I’d like to have a boy and a girl at least.” She smirks at me. “What about you? How many pups do you want?”
I lean into her again. She won't understand just yet, but she will when the time comes. “As many as my mate will let me put in her belly.”
She snorts. “Let’s hope she, at least, has some restraint. Otherwise, we'll have a baby boom of little Clints running around.” “I could only be so lucky. But something tells me my mate is going to be very good at keeping me in check.”
+15 BONOS
She raises her eyebrow at me. “Really? You think you’re that easily tamed?” “I know you don’t think much of me, Lily bud. And I do hope to change that. But believe me when I tell you that I’ve never wanted anything more in my life than my fated mate. I believe, very strongly, that the Moon Goddess pairs us with the person who is perfect for us. I will treasure my mate with every fiber of my being. I will love her like I've never loved anyone. She will be my everything. There will be no need for her to tame me. I'll be hers from the moment I find her.”
“Damn Clint. Keep it up and even I might start wishing to be your mate.” She says, laughing at her joke.
Oh Lily bud, if you only knew.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Clint and Lily’s growing romance? Updates daily, but remember, I’m in the path of a hurricane tan they will resume when I get power back.
so 
###Chapter 507
Okay, Clint confessing that his mate will be his everything made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I almost want to be his mate if that’s really how he feels. I’ve never wanted to be with him, but the way he talks about his mate makes me consider changing my mind.
When we get back to the packhouse, I go to my room and look for an outfit for tonight. Cali is coming over and we'll get ready together before we meet up with my guards for the evening. It’s nothing fancy, but I also like to make sure I look good when I go out. You never know when you're going to meet your mate. Not that I’m old enough yet to know, but if he’s there, better to make a good first impression. And who knows, maybe Clint will show up.
So, I’m wearing a black fringe romper with black high heels. Calista chose her usual elegance, with a colorful sequined dress that looks great on her. She’s wearing gold heels and we’ve both done up our hair. I’m leaving mine down in its usual fat curls, but Calista has straightened her dark blond hair, so it falls to the top of her butt cheeks. After making sure our makeup is flawless and grabbing our small purses, we head downstairs.
As we walk down the stairs, I see Alpha Patrick talking to Anders and Clint. Clint is wearing a black t shirt that looks like it was painted on him and black jeans. The whole outfit makes him look sexy and dangerous. The only difference in his outfit and Anders’ is that Anders is wearing a jacket. Where Clint looks like a Calvin Klein model, Anders looks like a movie star.
I feel Calista reach over and squeeze my hand. She’s not immune to how great they look either and as I look around, I see the covetous looks of every she—wolf in the room. No worries girls, they aren’t here for us.
“Good evening, Alpha.” I say to Alpha Patrick. I turn and nod my head, acknowledging Clint and Anders. I hear Clint growl. “What are you wearing?”
I frown at him, then look down at myself. “It’s a romper.”
“You look lovely, Calista.” Anders says to her.
“Thank you, Alpha. It looks like the two of you have dates tonight. I hope you have a nice evening.” She links her arm through mine. “We certainly plan to.”
I can tell Cali’s hiding her jealousy. I’m right there with her. Clint and Anders. have been showing us so much attention, it almost felt as though they really
wanted to date us. Yet, here they are, ready to take out some other she—-wolves. Not only are they going out, but they’re dressed to impress.
I turn to look at Alpha Patrick. “Alpha, we're ready to go. Who did you have in mind to be my guards tonight?” Alpha Patrick smiles at me like I’m missing the joke. “You're looking at them, Lily.”
My head whips around to look at Clint and Anders, and I hear Calista gasp.
“You two are my guards?” I ask.
Clints smiles at me with a Cheshire Cat grin. “Yep.”
Anders looks at Cali. “I guess that makes you my date.” He says and holds his
arm out to her.
She looks at me then unlinks her arm from me and links it with Anders. Clint comes up to me and does the same. I link my arm through his. I know it’s my imagination, but I swear I can hear hissing from every female in the room. The jealousy that Cali and I are going out with the two most eligible bachelors in the pack is thick in the air.
Anders has his father’s SUV, and both he and Clint open the passenger doors for us. Once we are in our seats, they walk around to the other side, Anders sliding into the driver’s seat and Clint sliding in beside me.
“So, where to?” Anders says. “Dark Moon. They have a place where we can get some food and later we can go. dance.” Cali tells him.
He smiles at her, and I know that look. It’s the look that Clint gives me. When I turn to look at Clint, he’s frowning down at my legs. I look down seeing nothing wrong. “What?”
“Those may be shorts, but they are awfully short.”
“Well then, I guess you'll earn your money tonight, making sure no guy puts his hands on me.” I joke. His answering snarl is anything but playful. “No one will touch you.”
“Geez, I was kidding. Relax.”
“Yeah, relax Clint. Lily looks great. If you’re going to be a wet blanket, we’re
going to leave you at home and let Anders be Lily’s bodyguard tonight.” Cali tells him. +15 BONDS
I watch Clint look at Anders through the rearview mirror as Anders gives him a smirk. “It’s fine.” He says grumpily before turning to me. “But don’t be surprised if I’m snarling at guys all night. You look entirely too sexy.”
I blink at him. Was that a compliment? Is he.... is he jealous that other guys may look at me tonight? That’s kind of sweet. “Well then, I may have to snarl at some she—-wolves because you look entirely too sexy, too.”
His smile is smug and mischievous. “You think I look sexy?”
I shake my head at him. “You know you do. Don’t go fishing for compliments.”
+15 BONDS
###Chapter 508
Chapter 0508 “I may think I look good, but I’m glad to know I look good to you.”
We arrive at the club and walk into the restaurant side. The music here is quieter, but it’s still loud, preparing you to go into the dance club side of the business. We get a table and order food.
Dinner is actually enjoyable. We all get along well, and the conversation comes easily. I’ve not spent a lot of time with Anders, but I can see that his father has done a good job of training him to be the next Alpha. He’s good at putting you at ease, keeping the conversation going and the dynamics between him and Clint are fun to watch. They act like brothers, antagonizing yet still supporting each other. Cali and I laugh a lot during dinner and they both seem thrilled to have elicited our laughter and smiles.
When we finish, it’s still a bit early to go to the club, so we get a high-top table at the bar. Since we're at a shifter club, the drinking age is much younger than the human bars. It’s why we come here.
“So Lily, why don’t you tell Calista that she should agree to go out with me. Anders says. “Cali can make up her own mind, Anders.”
“You went out with Clint and that seemed to go well.” He retorts.
1
Cali turns to me. “You went out with Clint?” She looks offended. I hadn’t had a chance to tell her yet. “We had breakfast this morning. I haven't had a chance to talk to you about it yet.” I give her a meaningful look. “I had a great time. I hope you did too, Lily bud.” Clint says.
I turn to look at Clint.
“Lily bud?” Cali asks.
He smiles, but his eyes never leave mine. “It’s my name for Lily. She’s my Lily bud.”
I look at Clint. “I’m not your anything.” I retort.
“You're my trainee, you’re my lab partner, you’re my study—buddy...should I go on?”
I roll my eyes at him.
“So, Calista Johns, you really won’t agree to go out with me?” Anders asks her. “Anders...”
He holds up his hands, looking irritated. “Clint, can I see you for a moment.” He says and they walk away. “Oh my goddess. Do you think that I offended him?” Cali asks me.
“I would have to say yes. He’s an Alpha. He’s not used to being turned down.”
As we're talking, the music in the bar turns off. Cali and I look around.
“What's going on?”
It's quiet fora moment, then we hear the sound of horrible singing.
“Love, I get so lost sometimes
Days pass and this emptiness fills my heart”
“Oh my goddess, is that someone singing karoke? They're terrible.”
We look around. Anders has a microphone and is walking toward us. Clint is
walking beside him, and he has a....is that a boombox that he’s carrying over his head? “When I want to run away, I drive off in my car
But whichever way I go
I come back to the place you are, Cali.”
“Are they singing that song from ‘Say Anything'?” She asks me.
“Oh yeah. And Clint has the damn boombox. Where did he even get one?
“Oh my goddess, Anders is so...”
“Awtul.” I finish for her.
“Really, terribly awful.” She says.
I know we're both frowning, looking at him.
I turn to Clint as Anders continues his assault on our ears. He has a smug look on his face, acting the perfect wingman to his best friend and Alpha.
I shake my head at him and the brightest smile I've ever seen breaks across his. face. “In your eyes, Cali
+15 BONDS
The light, the heat (in your eyes)
I am complete, Cali (in your eyes)
I see the doorway (in your eyes)
To a thousand churches, Cali (in your eyes)
The resolution (in your eyes)
Of all the fruitless searches (in your eyes)”
Clint is singing the background ‘in your eyes‘. His voice is about a thousand times better than Anders who sounds like he’s tone deaf.
“Oh, I see the light and the heat (in your eyes)
Oh, I wanna take you on a date, Cali
I wanna take you anywhere you want to go, Cali
Please go on a date with me, Cali.”
Anders starts to go off song, specifically asking Cali to go out with him.
The entire place has started telling Cali to say yes. Now they are starting to beg her so Anders will stop singing. Really, it's that bad.
“For the love of the goddess and all that’s holy Cali, please say yes and put all of us out of our misery.” “Okay! I'll go out with you!” She says.
“Oh thank the goddess! I wasn’t sure how much more my ears could take.” Clint says, lowering the boombox. Anders turns off the microphone and looks at Cali. “Really, you'll go out with me?”
“Only if you promise to NEVER sing again.” The entire place cheers at that. Clint takes the microphone and returns it and the boombox to goddess only knows where and the music starts up again.
Anders looks like the happiest man on the planet. “Are you ready to He asks us, but he’s looking at Cali. go
dance?”
She looks at me before turning back. “Yeah, let’s go.”
###Chapter 509
I'm so thankful that Calista agreed to go on a date with Anders. His voice is the worst voice I’ve ever heard in my life. For a man who is so good at so many
things, he’s terrible at singing.
My mate looks so fucking sexy tonight. It took all of my self-restraint not to throw her over my shoulder and take her upstairs to change. I’ve already had to snarl at several wolves who were looking at what is mine. I hate that she’s not old enough to wear my mark. At least she still smells like Donovan. It’s the only thing that’s keeping him from going off tonight.
When we get inside the dance club, the music is thumping. I lean down to speak in Lily’s ear. “Do you want a drink, or do you want to dance?”
“Dance!” She yells over the music.
I look at Anders and it looks like Calista wants to dance as well. We follow them out to the dance floor, and I post up against the wall, watching over my mate. Anders moves to a raised stage area so he can look out over the crowd.
The girls begin dancing together. I periodically growl lowly when someone starts to approach them and once, I have to go up and physically push a guy away. A club bouncer comes up to me, ready to throw me out. I flash Donovan's golden eyes at him, and he puts his hands up and walks away. After that, no one messes with either of them.
Lily just shakes her head at me. She's moving in a way that I can’t watch for too long. She may be inexperienced in sex, but she seems to inherently know how to move in a way that makes every man here want her. She’s sensual and sexy in her movements and it’s effortless. She’s not trying to be sexy, she’s just enjoying being with her friend and swaying her body to the music.
When a slow song comes on, Anders and I move in. I take Lily’s arm, turning her and pulling her arm around my neck while I pull her body against mine. I begin swaying to the music. She wraps her other arm around my neck, and she leans in so our cheeks are touching.
I wrap my arms around her waist, my hands touching her skin and I close my eyes just enjoying her orange and ginger scent. Her body fits perfectly against mine. We sway for a moment before I pull back and look at her. I lean in and press my lips against hers. I feel her body tense at such a public display, but it only takes a minute for her to tilt her head, giving me access to her mouth. Her fingers go into my hair, her nails scraping down my scalp, sending goosebumps
over my skin.
I slide my tongue into her mouth, loving her taste. I forget where we are, I tune out the music. There is only her and me, her body pressed against mine and this delicious taste. I could stay here in this moment forever.
But, unfortunately, that’s not in the plan. Calista comes over, tapping Lily on the back. “Come with me to the bathroom.” She yells over the music. I haven't let Lily go yet, so when she turns around, I give her a quick kiss on her lips and release her. They turn and head toward the bathrooms. Anders and I follow.
Lily sees me and turns. “What are you doing?”
“We're in charge of your safety. Anders and I will be waiting outside the bathroom for you two.” “Seriously?”
“I take protection detail very seriously.” I tell her.
“It'll be a minute. This romper isn’t easy to get off and on.”
“Need some help?” I smirk at her.
“Cali will help, thanks.” She says before walking into the bathroom with Cali.
Anders and I lean against the wall opposite the bathroom. “So, Lily seemed very receptive to that kiss.”
I shrug. I love Anders like a brother, but my relationship with Lily is private. It was never an issue before, but none of the other women were my mate. Lily is. different, she is special.
“I hope Calista gets to that point with me.”
“Did you kiss her?” I ask him, noticing that he’s looking a bit forlorn.
“It was a quick peck. I could tell Lily kissing you like she did was a surprise for Cali.”
“It didn’t happen overnight with me and Lily. Give it time and let her go at her pace. I think that’s the key.”
He nods as they come back out. Lily is shifting around in her outfit. “We're going to get a drink.” She says, starting to walk past me.
I grab her, pulling her in front of me and untying the ties on the back of her romper. “Hold on.” I retie them, shifting it so it’s even. “Better?” I ask her.
+15 BONOS
“Much, thank you.”
We walk up to the bar and Anders turns around to us. “What do
“Water.” Lily answers immediately.
you want?”
“Two.” I tell him. It takes a lot to get me drunk, but if my mate is drinking water,
then so am I.
She and Calista down their water in three gulps and then they are ready to go back out on the dance floor. The rest of the night is the same. Lily and Calista dance to the fast songs, and when a slow song comes on, I pull Lily into a dance and kiss her until one of comes back to reality.
When they call it a night, we head back to the packhouse. Calista is staying over with Lily since we were out so late. Anders and I walk them to Lily’s room. As Anders is saying goodnight to Calista, I pull Lily in close. “Will I see you later?” I whisper quietly. She looks at me and nods, before reaching up and kissing me again.
There’s a throat clearing that makes me pull away and turn to look at Lily's door. Calvin. Fucking cockblocker.
“Anders, Clint. It's after hours.”
“We're going.” Anders says, before sneaking in a quick kiss with Calista. Her eyes go wide but she doesn’t look unhappy about the kiss. I don’t have to sneak a kiss, but I lean in, pecking Lily’s lips and whispering. “See you soon.”
Anders and I walk out, Calvin waiting at the door for us to leave before he wishes the girls goodnight and closes their door. “Goodnight.” He says to us, meaningfully.
“Night Calvin.” We say in unison as we walk to the stairs.
We walk upstairs and I’m anxious to shower and get to the roof.
“Best job ever.” Anders says.
“Definitely.” I reply. “When are you taking Calista out?”
“Tomorrow. I’m taking her out in the afternoon, then to dinner then to the overlook.”
“Have fun. And do us all a favor. Don’t sing to her!” I say before going to my room to get ready to sleep with my mate.
###Chapter 510
“Lily! Oh my goddess! What was that tonight?”
As soon as the guys left my room, Cali jumped on me.
“What? I’ve kissed Clint a few times. He’s a really good kisser.”
“Lily, do you realize that you would kiss from through like four songs?” Okay, no, I didn’t realize that.
“What happened to not giving in to them?” She asks me.
“I'm not giving in to him. I’ve been very clear that I won’t have sex with him, and he doesn’t push it. He’s actually been rather sweet about it. He doesn’t push me to do more than I’m comfortable with.” I tell her.
“Did you kiss Anders tonight?” I ask her.
Her blush is answer enough, but I want to hear her say it.
“Yes.” She turns away from me, grabbing her nightgown. “But nothing like what you and Clint did.” “Was he a good kisser?” I ask her, ignoring her comment about me and Clint.
She turns and looks at me. “Yeah, he was.” She says with a smile.
“When is your date?”
“Tomorrow. He wants to take me out, then dinner, then a surprise.”
“Are you going to let him kiss you again?”
“Do you think he wants to?”
“Definitely.” I tell her.
“It's nice, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is. Now, I’m going to shower then I’m going to meet Clint on the roof. You can sleep in my bed, I'll be gone all night.” “Lily, I thought you said you were only kissing him and not giving in to him.”
“And that’s all we do, Cali, things with my family have been awful and I was scared, and he’s been there for me. I sleep better beside him.”
“You're falling for him, aren’t you?”
I shrug. I am, but saying it out loud makes it more real.
She gives me a knowing look. “Oh yeah, you are totally falling for him. Wait! Do you think he’s your mate?”
I sit on the bed beside her. “I don’t know Cali, but I have to say, after hearing him talk about his mate, I don’t think it would be a bad thing if I was.”
“What do you mean?”
“When we were at breakfast we talked about all sorts of things. He told me that his mate would be his everything, that he would love her more than anything else in the world.”
Cali's eyes go wide, and I can tell appreciates the sentiment as much as I do. ” Whoa, he said that?”
“Yeah, and Cali? I could tell he meant it. He was so serious, like finding his mate was the most important thing for him.”
“So, wait, if you’re his mate, then he’s talking about you. But if you're not...” She trails off.
“Yeah, I need to be careful that I don’t fall for him. But it’s so hard. He’s different than I expected. When we train, he’s hardcore, pushing me to my limits but never letting me fall and never pushing me too hard. When we're in class or studying, he pushes me
mentally. He’s really smart and you know that’s a total turn on for me. And then when it’s just the two of us, he’s so sweet. And his kisses. Cali, the things that man can do with his tongue.”
She and I break down into giggles, falling back onto the bed. “Well then, go shower and go sleep with your man.”
I sit up, looking down at her. “He’s not my man.”
“Sure sounds like he is.” She says, giving me her knowing smile.
“I'm starting to really hope that I am his mate. I think he’d make a great mate.” I say smiling, before I get up and head to the shower.
When I'm done, I put on my shorts and nightshirt and head to the window. “No one should come by, but if they do...”
“You're in the bathroom and I think maybe you ate something that didn’t agree with you. No telling how long you'll be in there.” She finishes smiling at me.
###Chapter 511
“You're the best Cali. I had a great time tonight. We should do it again soon.” I say, hugging my best friend.
“Works for me. I like staying here in the packhouse. I get all the good gossip.”
I head up to the roof and Clint is there, waiting for me.
He turns when I get to the top, rushing over to help me. “There you are. I was beginning to wonder if I needed to come get you.” “Nope. I was just catching up with Cali.”
He lays down, patting his chest for me to lay on him. “Telling her what a great kisser Lam?” He asks smugly. “Actually, yes.” I say and I delight in the shocked look on his face. He hadn’t expected me to admit it.
“What else did you tell her about me?”
I lay my head on his chest, looking at the stars. “That I sleep on the roof with you every night.”
His hand goes into my hair, and I can’t help the moan that escapes my lips. how did Cali take that bit of information.” “And
“Well, at first, she was concerned that I’d given into your whoring ways and was having sex with you. But when I told her that wasn't the case, she was surprised, but happy that I’m happy.”
He lifts my chin so I’m looking up at him. “Are you happy?”
I nod. “I am.”
His smile lights up the night. “I’m glad.”
He leans down and we end up kissing until we both pull away, panting. get some sleep Lily bud.” “Goodnight Clint, thanks for watching over me tonight.”
“It would be my pleasure to watch over you every night, Lily bud.”
Donovan starts purring in my ear and that’s all it takes to send me into dreamland.
Time to
I'm kissing Clint. His tongue playing with mine as he expertly teases me. He pulls
away and begins kissing down my neck, his teeth grazing across my
I gasp and arch my back. Nothing has ever felt so good as his teeth on the spot where my mate will mark me.
I moan, wanting something more, but I don’t know what it is. His lips come back to mine, and I begin to move against him. I can feel something building inside. me, a heat like I’ve never experienced before. I’m whimpering, pushing my body against him, trying to find a release for this heat, this pressure.
“Lily.” He says, softly in my ear, and it only makes the heat grow.
I moan again, rubbing my body against him.
“Lily!” He says more loudly.
I jolt awake and realize that I'm rubbing myself against Clint and he was calling my name, trying to wake me up.
“Oh my goddess!” I say and I move to jump up, but Clint rolls over, settling himself over top of me, lying between my legs. “What were you dreaming about, Lily?” He asks, his nose rubbing up and down against mine.
“Ummmm...”
“I'm happy to make whatever fantasy you were having come true.” He says, before leaning down and kissing me.
“Aren't we late for training?” I ask, noticing that for once, the sky isn’t too light.
“We have time. But it’s up to you. You sounded like you were aching for a release.”
My eyes snap back to his. “What do you mean?”
He looks at me for a moment. “Have you ever had an orgasm, Lily?”
“Ummm...” I shake my head no. Having werewolf parents isn’t exactly conducive to learning how to get yourself off. He rubs his nose against my neck before sliding his lips to my ear. “Would you let me help you find your release?” I lick my lips, not sure how to answer. “Will it hurt?”
“I promise I will make you feel good, there won't be any pain.”
“I....!'m not ready to have sex.” I tell him.
“Lily bud, there is so much we can do that isn’t having sex. I just need to know
+15 BONOS
that you're okay with it.”
My body is aching. Andra is in my head begging me to let him make us feel better.
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 512
“No sex?”
“No sex.”
“Okay.” I tell him. I have wanted that ‘more’ for a while now. I just have no idea what that is.
Clint begins kissing my neck. “Tell me what you were dreaming.”
Oh no! I don’t want him to know that I was thinking of him marking me.
“We were kissing.”
“Mmmhmmm.” He says, licking and sucking on my neck.
“What else?”
“Ummmm, you were kissing my neck.”
ear to my collarbone.”
“Like this?” He asks and begins kissing his way from my ear to my
“Yes.” I say and it sounds breathy, needy.
“Then what.”
“I started to feel warm, like something was building inside me.”
T
“Where did you feel warm, Lily bud?”
This was so embarrassing, but his kisses had started the ache building in me again. “Between my legs.”
He lifts his head and I’m ready for him to be disgusted by me. But that’s not the look on his face at all. Instead, he looks like he wants to devour me. He slides his hands down my chest, plucking a nipple. “Here?”
I moan, arching into his hand. “That’s...that’s not where the heat is.” “Hmmm, too bad, your breasts are beautiful.”
His hand continues to move over my stomach, sliding under my sleep shorts. I gasp as he pushes them down, giving himself access. His hand stops and he looks at me. “Tell me to stop at any point Lily bud. If not, I’m going to keep going.”
He waits, giving me a chance to tell him to stop, before his fingers slide between my thighs. The feel of him, pushing against the exact spot where my heat is
+15 BONOS
pulsing has my eyes rolling back into my head.
“Right there.” I whisper.
“You're so fucking wet, Lily. Fuek.” I look at him and his teeth are clenched.
He begins rubbing his fingers over my clit and the feeling has me moaning loudly. He takes my mouth with his, swallowing my moans as he continues rubbing his fingers in a rhythm that has my body quivering. When he slides a finger inside me, my eyes fly open and he pulls back, watching me as he slowly slides his finger in and out.
“So fucking tight.” He says, but it’s a growl, deep in his chest. I whimper at the sound and the feeling, all of it pushing me to a point where I feel like I’m about to explode. When he moves his finger back to my clit, he leans down, licking my nipple through my top. My body clenches and I feel my nipple harden. He sucks
it into his mouth, gently tugging on it with his lips while continuing the movements of his fingers. I feel myself getting closer to... something.
Clint sits back up, looking down at me as his fingers start to move faster. “I want to watch you come undone for me Lily bud. I want to see you fall apart.”
“Clint, 1...”
I don’t know what I was about to say, but just then, he slips his finger back inside me, using the heel of his hand to continue rubbing my clit and that is all it takes. My body arches, an explosion goes off behind my eyes and I’m on the verge screaming out when Clint’s mouth takes mine in a fiery kiss, so full of passion. and promise that I can’t do anything but grab onto him and ride out the pleasure that I’m feeling.
Slowly, he brings me back down, his kiss becoming gentle and loving. When he finally pulls back, sliding his hand out of my shorts, he watches me as he sucks. my juices off his finger. “So good.” He says, before leaning down to kiss me. I can taste myself on his lips.
“Time to get up for training, Lily bud.” I look up and realize that while I was having the most fantastic moment of my life, the sun has started to rise.
Clint stands up, holding out his hand to me. “Come on, I'll make sure you get back to your room safely.” +15 BONOS
###Chapter 513
Waking up to Lily moaning and rubbing herself against me was the second-best moment of my life. The first was when I watched her beautiful face come undone.
at
my touch. Her lips parting, her eyes rolling back into her head and then her inner walls clamping down hard on my finger. Knowing I gave her her first orgasm only makes me and Donovan feel more possessive of her. I want to be her first everything.
After dropping her off, I jump into the shower and relive our morning as I take care of my painful erection. The thought of one day being able to have slide inside. her while I sink my teeth into her neck has me coming again.
Since it’s Sunday, I want to see if I can get Lily to spend the day with me after training. Maybe since Anders is taking Calista out, I can get Lily to go out on a real date with me. When I get to the stairs, I see Lily and Calista already walking down.
“Good morning, ladies.” I say as I jog down to join them. I watch the beautiful blush that creeps up Lily’s cheeks before I turn to Calista. “Are you joining us for training today?”
“Oh no. I haven't been to training in years. I'm headed home. See you later Lily. Bye Clint.” She says hugging Lily before heading out. Lily and I turn toward the back of the packhouse to head to the forest.
I throw my arm around her shoulder. “So, after training, do you want to go get lunch, or maybe we could go get dinner tonight, since Calista will be busy with Anders?” I ask.
I feel her tense under my arm and when I look around, I can see the jealous looks on multiple she—-wolves faces. Too bad. None of them hold a candle to my mate.
“I don’t know, Clint. We spent a lot of time together yesterday and I have to study tonight. We have that chemistry test this week.”
“Then, how about we get dinner, then come back and study together. I’m your chem partner, so I my grade impacts yours, right?” I don't care if we're studying, reading, or dining, I just want to spend more time with my mate.
She turns her head, looking up at me. “You're very persistent.”
I stop, pulling her to face me. “I know what I want. I want you, and I want to spend time with you. As much time as you'll give me.” She looks away from me sighing.
+15 BONOS “What?” I ask her. “Don’t you believe me?”
“I believe you. I just wonder how long it will be before you get tired of me and move on.” Her honesty, while sometimes brutal, is also helpful for me to
understand where her mind is.
“How many times do I have to tell you, Lily bud. You're stuck with me forever.” This time, she doesn’t tell me what she’s thinking and I’m not sure I like the look on her face. I’m about to ask her what it means, when a howl goes up. Rogues.
“Stay here!” I shout before jumping and shifting mid-air, running for the border.
Amoment later, I hear paws pounding behind me. I turn and see Andra running to catch up.
“I told you to stay behind!” I mind link her. “And I’m a warrior. I’m not letting them attack our pack and hurt out pack members.” She links back.
I don’t have time to argue as I can hear the fighting up ahead. There are enough rogues that they have outmatched our patrols. I jump into the fray without thinking twice, grabbing a rogue by his throat, ripping it out while I pull him off one of our patrols.
From the corner of my eye, I see Andra doing something similar, pulling rogues off our pack members, tearing into their flanks, necks and sides, whatever she can reach. She and I are working well together, taking down rogues when another wave of them comes crashing through the trees.
###Chapter 514
We turn our attention to the new wolves coming in, tearing into them. I hear her grunt and I know she’s taken a hit at the same moment that I feel claws slide down my side. I turn, grabbing onto the back of the rogue’s neck, Donovan shaking his head ferociously, breaking his neck.
We're surrounded, Lily and I are back-to-back, protecting each other when the rest of the pack finally arrives, Anders and Patrick in the front. I immediately go back on the offensive, tearing into rogues, ripping them apart, and keeping an eye on Lily, making sure she doesn’t get hurt too badly.
When the battle is finally over, we all reconvene next to Zed, Patrick’s wolf. Suddenly, several warriors shift back, and I realize they are all looking from Donovan to Andra.
“We have two Guardians?”
“Holy shit, when did that happen?”
“No one can defeat our pack now.”
More warriors start to shift back and Donovan snarls, moving to stand in front of Andra. Patrick shifts back as well. “No one will speak of this to anyone outside the pack. That is
dura
my Alpha
command.” He says and I can feel his pushing out over the warriors. It
doesn’t affect Donovan or Andra, but I watch as they all expose their necks in submission to their Alpha.
“If I may Alpha, why wouldn’t we want anyone to know that we have two Guardians in our pack?”
Patrick sighs, looking at me. I growl at him. I don’t want them to know who it is, but there’s really no way to keep it a secret now. “Because she’s underage and it puts her at risk of being kidnapped by another pack to force her into a mate bond.” They all look back at Andra again, eliciting another snarl from Donovan.
The Lead Warrior, Lyle, puts his hands up in a surrendering gesture. “Donovan, she’s a pack member, We would never hurt her. And if I’m not mistaken, that’s Andra. Lily goes to school with my son, Lucas. As the Lead Warrior, it would also be my job to protect her from anyone that wanted to take her against her will from this pack. I guess this explains why she’s been moved to the packhouse.”
“It's not the only reason, but it is the main reason.” Patrick says.
. As he’s talking, I see Lily’s father’s wolf, Gideon, coming forward. Aaron may be a total shit to his daughter, but Gideon is obviously proud that his daughter is a body, keeping myself between him and Lily.
Guardian. He stops when I shift” He looks at me before turning to Andra and nodding his head at her, acknowledging her.
Andra moves to walk up beside me. Donovan reaches over and gently nips at her shoulder, wanting her to stay away from Gideon, not trusting Aaron. She stops. and the strange dynamics do not go unnoticed by the other warriors. There is no reason I should be keeping an underaged she-wolf from her father. Not only am I keeping him away, but Gideon isn’t fighting it and it’s obvious that, while several of us knew she was a Guardian, her father did not.
As we stand there, I hear Patrick send out a mind link to the entire pack. Not everyone was here to get his Alpha command. It would be simple for say, Aaron, to get Lily’s mother to tell someone outside the pack about their daughter being a Guardian. Therefore, Patrick sends the Alpha command to the entire pack all at
once.
Gideon chuffs at Andra before turning and walking off toward his home.
Cooper
Author
Well, the wolf's out of the bag now. Everyone knows that Lily and Andra are Guardians, including her father. 2
+16 BOOS
###Chapter 515
When the rogues attacked, I didn’t think twice about jumping in to help. Clint’s stupid command to stay behind wasn’t one I had any intention of listening to. I’m a warrior, that’s my job.
What I hadn’t thought through was that once I shifted, everyone would know that Andra is a Guardian. Her golden eyes would give us away. During the fight,
everyone was too busy to notice, but once it was over, the warriors noticed it quickly.
I've sparred with Lyle. He’s a good man and a great warrior. Obviously, I know. his son Lucas well too, since he wanted to take me on a date. I trust that Lyle means what he says when he tells Donovan that he will keep me safe. I'm not exactly sure about the other warriors. If anything, I’m in for a bunch of wolves suddenly showing me a lot of interest. The attention is unwanted, but I'm not. sure there is anything I can do about it.
As a Guardian, I would make a powerful mate. It’s why I’m thankful that Alpha Patrick gives his Alpha command to keep this information in the pack. I’d have to go into lockdown for the next 6 weeks until I turn 18, or even longer if my mate. isn’t in this pack if word got out that an unmated, underage female Guardian was in our pack.
I appreciate Donovan's protectiveness. The immediate attention that is turned on me by every unmated male warrior in our pack is daunting. However, when he tries to keep Gideon from Andra, I need to let Gideon know that I don’t hold him. responsible for my father’s actions. He is a good wolf, stuck with a man who has an addiction. I know Gideon would never hurt me or Andra.
“Daughter. I’m so proud of you.” He says to me and Andra, through the mind link, nodding his head at me. “Thank you, father.” Andra replies to him. “I’m sorry we had to keep this from you.”
“No, you were right to keep this from Aaron. He cannot be trusted with you. He and I are in a constant state of argument over how he has treated you.” He looks from me to Donovan. “You have a good protector now. Donovan and Clint will keep you safe.”
“Your father is trying to take back control. I need to go now.” Gideon chuffs. before turning and walking away.
“llove
you Gideon.” I say
I say to him.
16 BOHO
“I love you, my daughter.” He says, but he doesn’t turn back.
. I'm sad all over again at the loss of my family. I shift, intending to go back to my
room and lay down. I have some-injuries that need to heal after the battle. As soon as I shift, I hear Donovan growl. 1 turn and see that he’s shifted back, and Clint has positioned himself between me and the other warriors.
“Walk away. NOW!” He orders them.
He waits until they are out of sight before turning to me. “Lily, for goddess’s sake, I told you I don’t want you naked in front of the pack members. Now that they know you're a Guardian, every unmated male will want you and you showing off your gorgeous body will only make it worse.”
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I’m pleased that Clint thinks that my body is gorgeous. Since I train so many hours a day, my body is very lean. I have minimal curves and small breasts. Most men prefer a woman who is more voluptuous. than I am.
However, in my current depression over seeing Gideon, I don’t really care about who sees me naked. In this pack, or any pack, nudity is common. They’ve all seen me before.
He must take in my emotional state because he tips my chin up to look him in the eye. “What is it Lily bud? Are you hurt? Do we need to get you to the pack hospital?”
I shake my head and I’m embarrassed that a tear falls down my cheek.
###Chapter 516
Chapter 0516 “Hey, hey, hey. What is this?” He asks, pulling me into his chest, wrapping his arms around me.
I sniff as the tears come. Clint picks me up, taking me to a nearby tree and sitting me in his lap sideways. He runs his thumbs across my cheeks. “Talk to me Lily bud.”
“It’s just....it’s like losing my father all over again. Gideon is so proud to know that we're a Guardian, but he knows he can’t be part of our lives because of my father. I didn’t just lose my dad, I lost Gideon too.”
“Aww, baby. I’m sorry. I know this must be so hard for you.”
He holds me until I’m done crying. Then he gets me a shirt from the ones stuffed into the trees for situations such as these before we walk back to the packhouse. “I need to check in with Patrick. I'll come look in on your later. Maybe we can still have dinner, just make it something quieter. You go rest, I'll be by in a bit.” He leans down, kissing my lips softly before heading to Alpha Patrick’s office.
I'm walking through the packhouse, headed to my room, when I hear a couple of she wolves talking.
“Now it makes sense why he was acting so interested in her.”
“Yeah, it’s not because he really likes her, it’s because she’s a Guardian.”
“But that means that they will have a connection all their lives. Would you want to constantly live in Lily's shadow?” “Honey, she'd be living in my shadow, not the other way around.”
On top of everything else, the last thing I need is to hear the unmated she—-wolves gossiping about my relationship with Clint. It only serves to make me feel even worse, knowing that they are probably right. The only reason he’s attracted to me, even a little, is because I’m a Guardian.
I head up to my room and run a hot bath. I want to soak, then I want to crawl under my blankets and hide away from everything.
I lay in the tub until the water turns cold. When I finally get out, my fingers are pruning. I wrap a towel around my body and walk into my room. Clint is laying on my bed and I jump, startled that he’s here and so casually in my bed. I can see- that he’s showered and cleaned up after the rogue attack.
+15 BONOS
When he looks at me, his eyes go dark. “Lily bud. How was your bath?”
“What are you doing in here?”
“I told you I was coming to check on you.
I turn and see that my door is still locked, then I look at my window, which is cracked open. Clint sits up. “Are you okay?” “Yeah.” I say, not looking at him.
“Liar. Come here.” He says, laying back down and patting his chest.
The idea of laying on his chest, letting Donovan purr until I drift off, forgetting about everything that happened today sounds perfect. But then I hear the voices. of those she-wolves and I can’t make myself go lay with Clint. If he’s just doing this because I'm a Guardian, I need to keep my heart safe. It’s already feeling battered from all my family drama lately.
I watch as his eyes narrow at me. “Lily bud?”
“I'm really okay, Clint. Thank you for checking on me.” I turn and go into my closet, grabbing some clothes and getting dressed before walking back out.
He’s still laying on my bed. He pats his chest again.
“Clint, I said I’m okay.”
“Maybe I’m not okay, Lily. Please come lay with me.” He says, and I don’t know how to say no to that. Or maybe, I just don’t want to. So, I crawl into bed with Clint, laying my head on his chest. Donovan immediately starts to purr, and I feel my body finally start to relax. I feel Clint pull a blanket over top of us before I drift off to sleep.
Cooper
Author
What do you think of Gideon? 2
+15 BONOS
###Chapter 517
Something else is going on with Lily. She’s always let me comfort her, so when she says no, I know that something must have happened since I last saw her. This is more than sadness over Gideon.
When I met with Patrick, I told him I wanted permanent guard duty over Lily. Now that the entire pack knows what she is, I have no intention of letting any unmated male get close to my mate. Patrick was resistant, but he finally agreed when I said I would trust Anders to watch over her as well.
Seeing those males look at my mate with their covetous eyes was almost too much for me and Donovan today. The moment they realized who she was, I could see they all wanted her. Not only is she unmated, but she’s also underage so they can hope that she’s their mate. She was strong before she gained her Guardian spirit. Most of the warriors know who she is, which was. confirmed when Lyle identified her through Andra. But now that they know she’s a Guardian, they'll be all over her, trying to gain her favor. Not on my fucking watch.
Although I could tell that Lily was avoiding our intimacy and was unwilling to tell me the real reason for it, I wasn’t lying when I said I needed our closeness. Seeing those warriors look at my mate, the instant desire and want in all their eyes set me on edge. I've always been a hot head, acting first, thinking second. But Lily calms me. Her touch soothes my temper. So, even after she falls asleep, I hold her, kissing her head, smelling her scent and calming my anger at what I know is going to be a rough few weeks before her birthday.
Calista comes by later to check on Lily and I leave them alone. When Anders heads down to get Calista for their date, I go with him, wanting to take my girl out. When we get to Lily’s room, they aren’t there. We head downstairs, both our noses go up, sniffing them out.
“Hey, Clint.”
“Hey, Anna.” I say, still trying to find Lily and Calista.
“Hey, we never got together after talking about it at school.” She puts her hand on my arm. “We should really get together some time. I'm free tonight.”
I stop and look at her, frowning. Is she serious? “I have plans, sorry.”
“Oh, well, maybe some other time.”
“Uh-huh.” I say later.” I say, walking off.
as I catch my mate’s scent. “See t
We find them walking outside, looking like they are going off without us.
+15 BONDS
“Oh, this is not happening.” Anders says.
“Definitely not. I’m not letting my mate walk around for any asshole to hit on.” L tell him, Donovan growling in my chest.
We've almost caught up to them when one of the warriors from earlier steps into their path. “Hey, Lily. How are you this evening?”
“Oh, hey Oliver.” My mate says.
He glances at Calista. He obviously has no idea who she is.
“Hey.” He says to her.
I hear Anders growl beside me.
“So, Lily, I was wondering...”
“The answer is no.” I say, walking up behind her and wrapping my arm around her waist.
She turns and looks over her shoulder at me, narrowing her eyes. My eyes never leave Oliver as he stands there looking from me to Lily.
“Did I stutter?” I ask him. “I didn’t know you two were an item. I thought it was just a Guardian thing.‘ Oliver says.
“We're not together. However, my answer would have also been no to whatever you were going to ask. I would suggest, in the future, if you want to make a good first impression on a girl, at least know the name of her best friend.” Lily tells him, stepping out of my grasp.
Oliver looks from Lily to Calista. He clearly has no idea who she is, even though Anders has been obvious in his attention to her. “Leave.” I growl at him. He turns and walks away. Lily, however, isn’t happy. She turns to me, slapping her hand on my chest. ” What the actual fuck, Clint,”
“It's my job to guard and protect you, Lily. You won't be going on any dates without me.”
“You are unbelievable.” She’s furious and just like the last time when she was mad at me, all I want to do is kiss her.
Knowing that this time, it will most likely earn a smack to the face, I lean in, towering over her. “If you don’t believe me, feel free to ask Alpha Patrick.”
+15 BONOS My beautiful, fiery mate doesn’t even flinch at my intimidating posture. ‘She’s perfect.’ Donovan says, watching through my eyes.
I watch as Andra pushes forward as well. She growls, obviously not happy with the situation either. “Why would Alpha Patrick try to keep us from finding our mate?” She asks.
“You're not old enough to find your mate, but you are at risk of being kidnapped and held captive until you are old enough for someone to force a mate bond on you. So, behave and you and I can get through these next several weeks until your birthday.”
“Six” I frown. “Six what?”
###Chapter 518
Chapter 0518 “Six weeks until my birthday and I can’t believe you think you’re going to go on dates with me.”
“I didn’t say I was going on dates with you, I said you wouldn’t be going on any dates without me, meaning, I am the only one taking you out for the next six. weeks.”
“Un-freaking—believable.”
“Get used to it. Now, are you ready?”
“Ready for what?”
“Dinner. You and I have a dinner date.”
“Wrong. Cali and I have dinner plans.”
“Is that so?” I ask, looking over at Calista and Anders. Lily follows my eyes and I watch her lips press into a thin line. “Fine.”
“Fine.” I say, before steering her to my car. “Let's get you fed.”
It takes a while to get her to thaw after that. Dinner isn’t exactly easy conversation.
Finally, I’ve had enough. “Lily, what part of you being in danger isn’t clear?” “It's not about being in danger, Clint.”
Then what is it?
I watch as she pokes her apple pie dessert around her plate. I soften my voice. “I can’t help if I don’t know what the problem is, Lily bud.”
She closes her eyes for longer than a blink before looking up at me. “You shouldn’t have to be saddled with me just because we're both Guardians.”
“Saddled with you? Is that what you think?” I ask, surprised that this is the direction her mind has taken her.
“I know you're doing this because you feel like you have a duty to protect the only other Guardian in the world. You're not obligated to look out for me.”
I lean forward, making sure I have her full attention. “I volunteered for your guard duty, Lily.” +15 BONDS
“That’s my point. You have some weird need to protect me as a Guardian.”
“No. It has nothing to do with you being a Guardian.”
“Then why?”
This is probably the only thing I’m not ready to be honest with her about. I don’t want her to know that she’s my mate. I want her to want to be my mate when she realizes what she is to me.
“I like you, Lily. I wanted to date you before I knew you were a Guardian. I’ve told you several times, I want to get to know you better. I want to know everything about you. And, news flash, the more I know, the more I want to know. That has nothing to do with you being a Guardian, that has to do with you being Lily Raines.”
“It's only a matter of time before you get bored with me.”
“Where is this coming from Lily? First, you didn’t want to lay with me earlier and now you're talking about me getting bored with you. What's going on?”
“It's nothing. Are you ready to go?” I reach out and take her hand. “Talk to me.” I say earnestly.
I can see in her eyes that she’s debating telling me. I knew something happened. Whatever it is, I need to make sure she understands that there is nothing in this world that will make me lose interest in her.
“Everyone is saying it. Even Oliver said it earlier.” Asshole Oliver said a lot. I’m not sure what, specifically, she’s referring to. “Help me out, Lily. What is everyone saying?” She breaks eye contact with me and looks down again, but I refuse to release her hand when she goes to pull away.
When she looks back up at me, there is defiance in her eyes. “I know you're just doing this because I’m a Guardian. Everyone can see that you are only spending all this time with me because of what I am. I get it. You feel some sort of responsibility to what we are. That's fine. It’s just....with everything that happened on the roof...I just....I lost sight of what our relationship is.”
The fuck?
“But don’t worry. I’m totally on board. I get it, I know that you are just doing your duty as a Guardian and there’s nothing more to it than that.”
This restaurant is full. There are members of our pack, members of our
+15 BONOS
neighboring pack, ranked members, warriors, pups, even others from our school. I nod my head at her, and I swear I can see her sadness at what she thinks is my agreement with her assessment. My heart flutters a bit. I hope she’s starting to feel something for me.
I stand up, never letting go of her hand. I pull her to her feet. “Oh, are we ready to go?” She asks.
“No.” I say, before I pull her to me and take her mouth in a kiss that anyone with two eyes can see is me claiming her. When she starts to pull away, I wrap my hands in her hair, tilting her head to deepen the kiss. I growl softly as I feel her begin to melt against me.
When I feel like I’ve made my point, I pull away, seeing her eyes looking a little dazed.
“Never, for one moment, think that this is only about you being a Guardian. You are mine, Lily.” Cooper
Author
What do you think of Clint’s public claim?
2
+15 DONOS
###Chapter 519
My brain is spinning. Clint’s kisses have that effect on me. It takes me a moment. to come back to reality and when I do, I realize that the entire restaurant has gone quiet. I look around and see that everyone, and I mean everyone in the restaurant has stopped eating and is looking at us.
My cheeks get hot with my blush. He claimed me. He claimed me in front of a restaurant full of pack members. I look back up at him and he hasn’t taken his eyes off me. He doesn’t care who is watching us.
“Did you hear me, Lily? You are mine. Do you want me to shout it out to everyone. here?”
He starts to take a breath. “NO!” I put my fingers on his lips. “No.” I say again, more calmly and he kisses my fingers. He pulls my fingers from his lips and leans down to gently kiss my lips again. Ready to go, then?”
I just nod.
He takes my hand, walking up to our waitress who is looking as shocked as everyone else and he hands her the bill with some cash before leading me outside. to his car. He leans in, pushing me against the car and kissing me until I'm delirious again. “Just in case you thought I was joking.” He says before opening my door.
When we get in the car, he begins driving. I'm not paying attention because I
suddenly find myself feeling shy around him. I don’t know what to say. I sort of confessed that I’m falling for him, and he basically told two packs that I’m his. It’s a bit overwhelming.
“Will you promise me something?” He asks me. I turn to look at him and I can see that he’s switching between looking at me and watching the road. “What's that?”
“Always tell me what’s on your mind. Always be honest, even if you think it will hurt me, even if it embarrasses you. I like knowing what's going on in that beautiful mind of yours. I want to know what you're thinking, what upsets you, what makes you happy. I want to know it all. I won’t get bored, I won't think you’re silly or stupid. I just want your honesty, always. Can you do that for me?”
+15 BONOS
I think about it for a minute. He’s asking a lot. I’m normally an honest person. but being honest about my feelings toward him is a huge risk. I think about what I can promise him. “I promise to try.”
He nods at that. “Will you do the same?” I ask him.
He pulls the car to a stop and turns to give me his full attention. “I have never been anything but honest with you Lily. I will never be anything but honest with you, even if it embarrasses you and even if you don’t believe me. I will tell you anything you want to know, you only have to ask me.”
I frown at him. “Really?” “Yes, Lily bud, really.” I decide to test him. “Why did you kiss me so publicly back there?”
“First, I wanted you to believe me, and you seem to have a hard time realizing that I’m serious about you. Second, I hate that every unmated male in our pack is going to try to gain your favor, so I wanted to make a point that you're taken.”
“Am I taken?” “Haven't I been clear about wanting to date you, Lily?” “Dating me and me being taken aren’t the same, Clint.”
“Maybe not to you. But I don’t date Lily. I never have. I know I have a reputation, but you can ask anyone, I’ve never taken a woman on a date.” He shrugs. “I didn’t have to. They gave me the quick release I was looking for without me having to put in any effort. I’m not looking for quick and easy with you. I’m looking for something long-term.” He leans in, taking my chin between his finger and thumb. “You're special Lily, and it has nothing to do with you being a Guardian. I want you to know that I recognize that about you.”
I blink several times. I had intended to prove he wasn’t going to be honest with me, but what I got instead was something I wasn’t expecting at all, an honest confession of how he feels about me.
I lean in, watching him as I close the distance between us and press my lips against his. I see his eyes crinkle and feel his mouth turn up into a smile before he closes his eyes and kisses me back. It’s gentle and sweet, his tongue tentatively tangling with mine. I moan softly, deepening the kiss. When we finally pull away, panting, he’s smiling at me.
I turn and look out the window. “Where are we?” I ask, not having been to this part of our pack lands before. +15 BONOS “I wanted to show you something.”
He comes around, helping me out of the car before I could get out myself. Holding my hand, we walk down a path. He brings me to a cliff where we can look. out and see the night sky, unhindered. In the distance, we can also see the lights of our neighboring pack. Clint finds a spot for us, and we sit and watch the stars.
O DISHONOS
###Chapter 520
We end of talking of nothing and everything. Something Inside me let go after our discussion. Clint wants me, and if I’m honest, I want him too. I hope I am his mate. I can see how loving, kind and generous he would be as a mate. I don’t know what it would mean for two Guardians to be mated. To my knowledge, it’s never happened before. But, I know, deep down, that he and I could be great together.
When we both start to get tired, we go back to the car and head back to the packhouse. When we arrive, Clint runs around again to help me out of the car. We're laughing when I catch the scent of cigarette smoke.
1 teel Clint tense up before we both turn and see him standing at the corner of the packhouse. My father.
He tosses the cigarette to the ground and begins walking over to us. Clint steps in front of me and snarls. “You shouldn't be here Aaron.”
He ignores Clint and looks directly at me. “So, you’re a Guardian. How long have you known?”
“Long enough.” I say. Clint has wrapped his arm behind him, pulling me into his back, blocking my father from me.
“You should have told me.”
“Why?” I spit out at him. “So you could have sold me for a higher price.”
He shakes his head, having the audacity to look appalled. “I’m your father, Lily. It's my job to look after you, protect you.” “Not anymore.” Clint snarls, and his voice is deeper. I know Donovan has pushed. forward.
My father finally looks at Clint. “I told you this was all a big misunderstanding. Once it’s cleared up, Lily will come home.” I grab hold of the back of Clint’s shirt. I don’t want to go home. I don’t trust my father.
“There is no misunderstanding. And even if there was, you won't be able to clear it up before Lily turns 18.”
“We'll see about that. Guardian.” My father says derisively.
“Gideon told me not to trust you. Your own wolf said that I shouldn't trust you.
+15 BONOS
He wouldn't lie to me.”
“Gideon and I are at odds. That has nothing to do with you, Lily. You could tell Alpha Patrick that you want to come home. He would listen to you.”
“I have no intention of going home. I don’t trust you.
He shakes his head at me, looking at me like I’m a silly child that has misunderstood the entire situation. But, before he can say anything else, Anders walks out the front of the packhouse. Based on his posture, he isn’t surprised at what he walked into. Clint must have mind linked him.
“Aaron. I thought my father was clear that you were not allowed to speak to your daughter unless you had his permission. You have not been granted that permission. You need to leave. Now.” Anders says to him.
“Your father has overstepped his authority. He should be careful that it doesn’t cause an uprising in the pack.” My father says, basically threatening our Alpha.
In an instant, Anders is in his face. “Did you just threaten my father?” My father steps back, his hands up in a placating gesture. “I would never threaten my Alpha. I’m just giving a warning.” He turns and looks at me. “Think about what I said Lily.” And he turns and walks away toward my old home.
No one moves until he’s out of sight. Once he is, I release a breath I didn’t know I was holding and lean my head against Clint’s back. Instantly, he turns and takes me in his arms. “I’ve got you.”
“Thanks Anders.” Clint says to him.
I hear Anders walk over. “I'll tell my father about this. Are you okay Lily?”
I nod, not moving away from Clint. “You're safe, Lily. You don’t have to worry about your father getting to you here. I'll also let Calvin know he was waiting for you when you got back.”
“I'll stop and tell Calvin when I drop Lily in her room.” Clint says.
Finally, I pull away, and the three of us begin to walk inside. “How was your date with Cali?” I ask, trying to take my mind off what just happened.
Anders‘ smile is brilliant. He turns to me. “It was amazing!” And I can tell that’s all I'll get from him. “See you tomorrow for school, Lily. Clint, Dad wants the two of you in training tomorrow morning now that the warriors know about Lily being a Guardian.*/
me
“We'll be there.” Clint says before walking me to my room. 
###Chapter 521
Aaron has some serious balls. That or he’s desperate and stupid. I’m going with the latter. Threating your Alpha is punishable by banishment or death. Directly ignoring a demand from your Alpha is also punishable by banishment. My guess is that Aaron will be spending a night or two in the cells for that little stunt. 
I drop Lily off at her room and kiss her goodnight, knowing it won’t be long before I see her on the roof. Not unexpectedly, I hear the tell–tale throat clearing behind me. 
“I’ll see you soon Lily bud.” I tell her before turning to Calvin. 
I walk over to him but wait until her door is closed before speaking. “Aaron was waiting for us when we got back. He’s trying to convince Lily that she should come home, and he also basically threatened Patrick.” 
Calvin snarls at that. “What the fuck is he thinking?” 
His eyes go unfocused and I’m guessing Patrick just mind linked him. He nods. “Aaron is heading for the cells. I’m going with the Patrick to get him.” 
At least Lily will be safe from him for another couple of days. If Aaron is desperate, there’s no telling what he will do. 
I go up to my room, ready to see my mate. I can’t wait for the day when I can move her up here to be with me all day, every day. Laying in bed with her earlier today was incredible. I love all our time together, but the bed was a lot softer than the blankets on the roof. 
I know Lily is tired, so I hurry to get to the roof. I’m climbing down from my window as I see her climbing up. I race over to help her, and we lay down together, her curling onto my chest, her hand gently
rubbing my chest over my shirt. I’m still wondering if she knows she does that, or if it’s a subconscious thing that Andra does to feel closer to Donovan. Donovan begins purring and I begin rubbing her scalp, gently running my fingers through her hair. I know this is all it takes to put her to sleep. 
However, tonight, her hand slides under my shirt and the feel of her hand on my stomach and chest has me going instantly hard. 
“Lily?” I ask, wondering what she’s doing. She’s been very clear about not having sex, so if this is something else, I want to know what it is. 
“I like touching your skin. It feels….good.” I feel her shrug in my arms. 
I lean up, pulling my shirt off over my head before laying back down. “You won’t get cold?” 
“I’m a wolf Lily bud, we don’t get cold, or not easily.” I tell her. 
She lays back down and this time it’s Andra that’s purring, feeling her skin against mine. 
“You could always take your top off too, if you wanted.” I say, not expecting her to do it. But my little mate surprises me. She sits up, taking off her top before grabbing the blanket I had thrown over top of us and laying back down, skin to skin from the waist up. 
Andra’s purring gets louder and so does Donovan’s. I don’t think there is a place on earth that would feel better than this does right now. The tingles, while still soft, are there. I have felt them getting stronger as Lily gets closer to her birthday. This is the most we’ve touched skin to skin when there wasn’t anything else going on. We’re not arguing, Lily isn’t upset over something with her father. It gives both of us a chance to just enjoy the feel of being wrapped up together.
I listen as her heart rate slows and her breathing evens out and after Andra’s purring fades in her sleep. Donovan and I drift off as well. 
That week we get back to our new normal. We train with the warriors in the morning. Aaron isn’t part of morning training, so we don’t have any run–ins with him. He’s released on Wednesday from the cells, but he’s restricted to only joining afternoon training when Lily and I train individually. 
The rest of our schedule stays the same. We’re winding down the school year and getting ready for graduation, preparing for finals. We study with Anders and Calista every night and I can see that Anders is making headway with her. She’s becoming more receptive to his attention every day. 
He and I have started to make plans to take them both to prom this year. We’ve never taken anyone before. We go, of course, but we’ve never taken dates. It’s left us open to choose who we may want to bring home that night. Now, we both know who we want to spend every minute of our days with, and we want to make this last dance special for our girls. 
Calista has started joining us for dinner at the packhouse several nights a week. She and Lily have developed a good relationship with Olivia and Naomi. 
On Thursday night during dinner, Patrick looks at Anders and me. “I need to meet with the two of you in my office after dinner.” He looks at Calvin. “You too.” Calvin nods but doesn’t seem surprised. He already knows what this is about.” 
Anders and I tell Calista and Lily that we’ll meet them in our study room after we talk to–Patrick. When we walk into his office, he tells us to have a seat. Calvin closes the door but continues to stand. Whatever this is, isn’t good.
###Chapter 522
Chapter 0522
Patrick looks at me, giving me his best stern Alpha face. "I need you to stay calm, and not go off like you are prone to do." just him saying this has my blood pressure rising.
"Is this about Lily?"
"Yes. I received a call today from Alpha Mahli."
The snarl erupts before I can hold it back. Patrick stops, waiting for me to get myself under control.
"Apparently, Aaron Raines invited him to come here for a visit this weekend. Thankfully, Alpha Mahli did what any Alpha would do when visiting the territory of another Alpha, he called to make sure that there was no issue on my end."
"You told him no, of course." I say through gritted teeth.
"I have no reason to keep Alpha Mahli from visiting my pack members." Istart to stand, nearly losing my shit at this statement.
Patrick holds his hands up, wanting me to calm down. I sit back down, gripping the edges of the chair. I'm holding on so hard that I can hear the wood cracking under the force of my grip.
Iser Patrick sigh, as Anders jumps in. "What about Lily? You know it's a risk to have Alpha Mahli here. We already know he wants her, and that Aaron is trying to sell his daughter to pay his debts. This can't be a coincidence. Aaron finds out his daughter is a Guardian and less than a week later he invites Alpha Mahli to come visit?"
"Agreed." Patrick says, but his eyes never leave mine. "Which is why I've made plans for you to visit an off-the-grid pack in Maine this weekend. You, Clint, Calista and Lily will all fly to Maine for an extended weekend. You leave first thing in the morning. I've already spoken to the Alpha of the park, and they have an area near the coast they use for other packs who want to come for vacation. You'll be staying in a vacation home in a human area, but I've already set up hiking trips, white water rafting and places for you to get what is arguably the best lobster in the world."
My grip relaxes and I sit back, taking in a deep breath as Donovan settles and sits down in my head. I know my eyes must be back to their regular green when Patrick nods at me.
"I was serious when I said I would treat her like my own daughter, Clint. I won't allow anyone to hurt her, not even her father."
I nod. I know this, but my tendency to act before thinking is only worse when I'm concerned with Lily's safety. "Thank you, Patrick. What time do we leave, and will you be telling the girls what and why we are leaving?"
He nods at Calvin and I see Calvin's eyes go unfocused.
"Alpha Mahli is due to arrive tomorrow morning. Your flight is leaving the airport at 6am, making sure you are long gone before he gets here. He is scheduled to leave Sunday evening, but just in case, your flight does not return until Monday afternoon. If something changes, I will call you and delay your return. I don't have to tell you to keep Lily away from other parks. I chose the Boothbay Pack because they are used to hosting tourists and have a large human population around them. It should be fairly easy for you to stay under the radar."
As he finishes, there is a knock at the door. Calvin opens it and Lily and Calista come in. Lily stops as she steps in and sees us. I stand, motioning for her to take my seat. "Come sit, Lily bud."
I notice Anders is doing the same for Calista. Lilly sits and I stand behind her, putting my hands on her shoulders.
Patrick looks at Lily, "I want you to know, first, that everything is going to be okay. But I want to be completely honest with you, so you understand what's going on."
Lily just nods and I can hear her heart rate picking up, her shoulders have gone tense under my hands, and I begin to knead them gently.
"Your father has invited Alpha Mahli to come visit him this weekend." Lily gasps, her hands going to her mouth. She looks at me and I can see the fear in her eyes.
"Let him finish Lily bud." I tell her softly.
She turns back around. "I'm sending you, Clint, Anders and Calista on a weekend vacation to Maine, where you are set to have a fun weekend. Your flight leaves tomorrow morning at 6am, and I've already spoken to both of your teachers and your parents Calista." He turns looking at Calista
She nods reaching out to take Lily's hand. "I won't take any chances with you, and I've given Anders and Clint the rundown of what will be happening, You two are to stay with them at all times. The place I'm sending you is mostly human, but there will be
other wolves in the area, so you'll need to be careful Lily."
She nods. "Do you have any questions?" He asks them.
*wwwwww
When neither of them does, he tells them to go pack. "You have an early day tomorrow. I'm available if you need to speak to me, or if you have any concerns or questions."
Lily stands, and I take her hand, leading her from the room.
###Chapter 523
My father invited Alpha Mahli to visit. It can only mean one thing. He can’t tell Alpha Mahli about me, but if he is here, there’s a strong possibility that he would see Andra or see her in my eyes. If he didn’t already want me, he would once he knew I was a Guardian. The threat of being taken by Alpha Mahli, and with my father’s help, was very real. 
As soon as Clint drops me off at my room, I pack for the weekend. It’s spring, but Maine is cooler than Georgia. I’ve never been, and I’m excited to see someplace new. As soon as I finish packing. I head up to the roof. I’ve become accustomed to sleeping beside Clint, but even if I wasn’t, I know I’d need him and 
Donovan to sleep tonight. 
When I get to the roof, he is waiting for me. He pulls me into his arms, holding me. “How are doing. Lily 
bud?” 
“Better now.” I told him I’d be honest as much as I could, and so I am. That means opening myself up. making myself vulnerable and I’m hoping I don’t regret it. 
He kisses the tip of my nose. “Come on, we need to get some sleep if we’re going to be up early enough. to go catch that flight.” 
“Are you sure we won’t oversleep?” I ask him. He pulls his shirt over his head, before sitting down and showing me the travel alarm clock he brought with him tonight. 
I pull off my night shirt, having become comfortable sleeping partially naked and skin to skin with Clint. I don’t know why it’s so soothing, but it just feels right, like his skin and mine were meant to touch. I like having my face and hand touching his chest and his hand on my back. The closeness feels….right.
Donovan and Andra immediately start purring at each other and it doesn’t take long before I’m falling 
asleep. 
The alarm wakes us both in the morning and we hurriedly clear up our blankets. “I’m going to take these in to get washed while we’re gone.” He says, grabbing all our blankets. “They should be ready for us 
when we get back.” 
I go back to my room, taking a quick shower and putting my hair in a messy bun before grabbing my bag and heading downstairs. Before I take two steps, Clint is there, taking my bag from me and carrying both of our bags out to the car. I get some quick to–go pre–made breakfast sandwiches, heating them quickly and grab some water, just as I hear Anders and Cali come in from outside. 
I put our food and waters in a bag, and all of us pile into the car and head to the airport. “Do we have tickets or anything?” I ask. 
“Dad chartered a private plane, just to be safe.” Anders says. “They are expecting us.” 
We arrive at the private hanger, and we park the car in the private parking lot. Clint and Anders grab our 
bags and we load onto the plane. I’ve never flown before so as we take off, I watch as the ground gets smaller and smaller until we’re so high I can’t see it any longer. Then I watch as the sun rises before ! 
turn to my friends. 
“How long is the flight?”
“About two and a half hours. We’re going to Portland and from there, we have a car to get to Boothbay Harbor, which is part of the Boothbay Pack’s territory. However, it’s such a tourist area, that it’s mostly 
humans and only a handful of wolves.” Clint says before turning to me. 
auto 
“Even though there aren’t many wolves, Andra, I need you to be very careful and only push forward when it’s the four of us. Do you understand? If there is any danger, Anders and I will handle it.” Donovan has 
pushed forward, wanting Andra to know that he’s just as serious as Clint. 
“We understand.” I answer for both of us. And I do, we’re on this trip to escape an Alpha that would probably kidnap me. I don’t need to be on the run so far from home and protection. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
###Chapter 524
When we arrive, I can see that the area where we are staying is gorgeous. The air is cool and crisp, but everything is starting to bloom after their harsh winter. When we get to the vacation home that Alpha Patrick rented for us, there are only two bedrooms. I’ll have to talk to Cali about our sleeping 
arrangements. I’d prefer to sleep with Clint, but I don’t want to make her uncomfortable, or force Anders 
to sleep on the couch. 
After we drop off our bags, we head out to look around. We walk to the Harbor and the air coming off the water is chilly. Clint wraps his arms around me as we watch the boats heading out for the day. 
“It’s beautiful!” Cali says and I turn to see that Anders has wrapped his arms around her as well. She doesn’t seem upset with the touch or his closeness. 
We find a coffee shop and I feel myself relaxing for the first time in a long time. I feel carefree away from 
the demands of school, the pack and my parents. After coffee, we find that our hike is scheduled for early 
afternoon. We head back to the vacation house and change into clothes more suitable for hiking. 
We drive out to the mountain range and find a place to park. The information that Clint and Anders have on the hike is that we are on pack property, and humans can’t hike here. Normally, we would shift into our wolves, but instead, we stay on foot and begin climbing. 
It’s beautiful, the landscape, the view, all of it. As we’re hiking, Clint and I start to pull away from Cali and
Anders. Cali isn’t as in shape as the rest of us, not participating in training like we do. Clint and I start to 
find rocks and areas where we can test our strength and speed without actually training. We’re laughing 
and play fighting trying to beat each other at every “test‘ we set up for ourselves. 
“Are they always like this?” I hear Cali ask. 
“I’m not sure. Maybe it’s a Guardian thing.” Anders replies. 
I 
I 
Clint and I are racing to the top of a boulder. He bet me a kiss that I couldn’t beat him. I keep moving ahead of him and he keeps grabbing my foot and pulling me back. When we finally reach the top, we both bend over, laughing and panting at our antics. I look down and see that Cali is riding on Anders back. He 
doesn’t look phased at all that he is hiking with the weight of another person on his back. 
Clint pulls me to him. “You lost.” He says, before taking my lips in a scorching kiss. 
“You cheated.” I tell him when we pull away. 
“All’s fair in love and war.” He says kissing me again.. 
I laugh. “And which is this? Love or war?” 
“Love, absolutely.”
I look at him, waiting for the smirk or laughter. It doesn’t come. He is completely serious. I’m on the verge 
? +15 RONUS 
of kissing him when Anders finally makes his way up the boulder, Cali hanging on him like a monkey. 
“Cali, I can’t believe you made Anders carry you!” I exclaim, running over to help him. 
“Made him? He insisted on carrying me. I told him to put me down, but he refused.” 
“I’ve got her Lily. She barely weighs anything.” Anders says, standing up. He’s not even winded. 
We sit and enjoy the view before starting our descent. We have dinner plans tonight and according to Anders, his father made reservations at a nice restaurant for all of us. 
We get back to the house, and I take the opportunity when the guys are showering to talk to Cali about the sleeping arrangements. 
“What do you think, Cali. If you’re uncomfortable having Anders sleep on the couch, we can share a 
room.” 
She looks at the room that Anders went into to shower. “No, you go ahead and stay with Clint tonight. I’ll figure things out with Anders.” 
“Are you sure, Cali. I don’t want you to be uncomfortable.” 
“I’m sure.” She tells me. 
I’m beginning to think we’re both giving in and neither of us is sorry about it.
Cooper 
Author 
of their getaway! 
###Chapter 525
We all get ready for dinner. The girls are both wearing dresses with knee high boots. Lily is wearing a sweater that matches her dress and she has her hair up in a high ponytail. I can’t wait to get back and pull her hair down, wrapping my hands in it and kissing her until neither of us can breathe.
Dinner is amazing. We all order the lobster, baked potato and salad. When we're done, we walk back to the house we’re staying at then decide to go to the Harbor and see it at night. It’s beautiful in a completely different way at night. I wrap my arms around Lily, rocking us slightly in time with the sounds of the waves slapping against the boats in the mooring. The wood on the boats is creaking softly and you can hear the sound of fish jumping periodically. I realize I want to experience so many things with Lily. I want to take her everywhere, the mountains, the ocean, every continent, every place we've never been so we can see it together, experience it together for the first time.
I realize in this moment, that I am totally and completely in love with Lily. I felt it when I felt the pull of the mate bond, but now, I feel it even more. It’s not just the bond that is pulling me to her. It’s her, everything about her captivates me. Her laughter, her playfulness during our hike today, her intelligence as we talked over dinner, her love for her friend. She’s perfect in so many ways. I feel whole having her around
1. me. And I want nothing more than to feel this way every day for the rest of my life. As we start to head back to the house, I ask Lily what the sleeping arrangements will be tonight. After she let’s me know that she and I will share a room, I ask her if she wants to go for a walk with me. I mind link Anders to let him know he’s either sharing a room with Calista or he’s on the couch before I guide Lily down a side street. I find a secluded, darkened wooded area. I lean against a tree, pulling her against me and I kiss her.
pouring all my love into the kiss. I want her, more than anything, but I know she wants to wait and I’m okay with that. She leans into me, giving me access to her mouth. I slide my tongue in, tasting her orange and ginger flavor, moaning against her mouth. She tastes so delicious.
I slide my hands over her back, down her to ass cheeks, pulling her closer. She lifts a leg, hooking it on my waist and rubbing herself against me. I can smell the scent of her arousal as she moans, grinding herself on my hard erection.
I switch our positions, pushing her against the tree, continuing to kiss her as I run my hand down her thigh to her knee, pulling it back up to my waist. I can feel her heat through my pants. I run my hand higher up her thigh, sliding my thumb between us, when I realize there is nothing between us other than
my pants.
I pull my head back and look at her. “You aren’t wearing panties?” It’s a guttural growl, full of possessiveness and need. No wonder I can feel her warmth. And I know if I looked at the front of my pants, there would be a glistening slickness on them, the evidence of her arousal.
“I knew we were sharing a room, and I thought, maybe we could sleep completely naked tonight.” 1/2
“What does that have to do with wearing panties to dinner?” I ask, reaching forward and nipping at her neck. She lifts her chin, exposing her neck to me completely. Another growl of pleasure at her submission rumbles in my chest.
“I was hoping maybe we could do something like we did last weekend on the roof.” Oh, my sweet mate.
I pull back, looking at her. “All you have to do is ask. I’m happy to do anything you want to try. Lily bud.”
I watch as her eyes flicker away for a minute before she looks back at me and I watch her blush. “Tell me Lily.” I encourage her. 
“I don’t know what to ask for.” She says quietly. 
“Do you want to try something new?” She nods her head. 
Commentaires Voter (8.2k) +15 BONUS
###Chapter 526
“Do you trust me?” 
“Yes.” 
“Make sure you don’t wake the humans.” I say before dropping to my knees in front of her. I look up and see her confusion before I take her leg and pull it over my shoulder. I slowly take my hands, pushing her dress up, getting my first glimpse of her beautiful lips, glistening for me. 
I 
I look back up at her, holding her gaze as I lean forward and slowly lick her juices. I can’t help the moan 
that escapes me at how delicious she tastes. If I thought her mouth tasted good, it is nothing compared 
to this sweet nectar. 
I push my face between her thighs, sliding my tongue between her lips, then pulling her hips forward to 
give me better access. I slide my tongue inside her, lapping at her juices. 
“Clint.” She whispers, and it’s a needy cry. Her hand goes into my hair, tugging gently. 
I slide my tongue back to her clit, sucking it into my mouth before pushing my tongue against it, swirling 
it around and around. Her body is so response, her legs start to shake almost instantly. 
“Clint.” Her voice is higher, her breath coming faster. 
I pull away, looking up at her. She looks at me like she’s offended that I stopped so soon.
“Be ready to cover your mouth, Lily.” I tell her, before sliding a finger inside her. 
Her body pushes down, like she wants my finger to go deeper, so I push another one in. Her gasp of pleasure is music to my ears, and I watch my fingers sliding in and out of her, corkscrewing them. 
making her whimper as she drenches my fingers. 
“Hand to your mouth, Lily.” I tell her and wait for her to comply. As soon as she does, I suck her clit back into my mouth, my tongue and fingers moving at the same speed. I hear her moan and she must have listened about her hand over her mouth as she takes her hand out of my hair and I hear it slap against the one covering her mouth. Her muffled moans get louder, and I increase my speed. Her legs are 
quivering, the leg over my shoulder pulling me closer to her, when I feel her inner walls clamp down on 
my fingers, her body jerking with the strength of her orgasm. 
I continue my assault, forcing her to take everything I’m giving her. When I feel like she won’t be able to stand any longer, I pull her other leg over my shoulder and use my free hand to hold her up while my fingers and tongue continue to push her over the edge again and again. 
When she begins whimpering my name over and over, I finally let her come down. Her body continues to jerk, her legs languid on my shoulders. When I feel the last of her aftershocks clenching my fingers, I release her clit and slowly slide my fingers out of her. When I look up at her, her eyes are closed and she’s breathing heavily. 
I pull first one leg, then the other to the ground before pulling her dress down and standing up. I take her
mouth, my tongue sliding between her lips letting her taste herself. 
I pull away looking down at my dazed mate. “You taste delicious, Lily.” I tell her. “Come on, let’s get back. I need a cold shower before we go to sleep.” 
When we get back, Anders is not on the couch. I’m glad to know he’s making headway with Calista. When I walk into the room Lily and I are sharing. I see that both our bags are in here. I grab mine and head to the shower. “I’ll be back in a few minutes Lily. Go ahead and get in bed and I’ll join you when I’m done.” 
I don’t wait for her reply, I’m desperate to relieve the pressure that’s been building ever since we left dinner. I turn the water on, letting it turn warm before sliding under the shower spray. My eyes are closed and I’m thinking of how delicious my mate tasted and the sounds she made. I’m jerking off at breakneck speed when I hear the door open. 
I look up, not sure how to react to my mate, watching my hand stroking my dick. “Can I help you with that?” 
Cooper Author 
Looks like Lily’s exploration will continue in the shower. Updates daily.
###Chapter 527
When Clint walks into the bathroom, I sit on the bed and take my boots off. Every time we’ve been intimate, it’s me that experiences the pleasure and never him. He’s never pressured me to give him. anything, but I want to. I want to give him the same pleasure that he’s been giving to me. 
When I walk into the bathroom, I can see that he’s taking matters into his own hands, literally. I shouldn’t be the only one that is getting pleasure from our time together. 
When I offer to help, I don’t know what to do, so I pull my dress over my head, before walking into the shower with him. He hasn’t said a word, he’s just watching me. He steps back, letting me in and the water from the shower pours over my back. I look down and gulp at how large he is. His hand fits around his girth, but I can tell that mine won’t. 
I reach down, replacing his hand with mine. He immediately sucks in air, and my eyes shoot to his face. His eyes have closed and his mouth is open slightly. I begin to stroke him, as I saw him doing when I walked in, only slower. I take my other hand wrapping it around him under the first one. Once I realize that I’m giving him pleasure, I look back down, watching my hands stroking him. His penis feels different than I expected. It’s so hard and I can feel it twitching in my hands, but the skin is soft. As I watch, a bit of precum slips out of the tip. 
I look up to see he’s watching me, his eyes are darker than I’ve ever seen them. I look back down and lick my lips. He said I tasted delicious. I wonder how he tastes. 
Without thinking about it, I lean down and lick the precum off the tip of his cock. His response is 
instantaneous.
“FUCK LILY!” He says through gritted teeth, his entire body tensing at just the lick of my tongue. I didn’t expect his response to be so intense at just a flick of my tongue. I also didn’t expect that he would taste delicious too. Apple pie. He smells like it, but now I know he also tastes like it. It’s my very favorite 
dessert and now I want more. 
I kneel down in front of him, like he did to me earlier. I look back up at him and he’s watching me with so much intensity, I can feel heat pooling in my core, the scent of my arousal perfuming the warm, humid air 
of the shower. 
I continue to stroke him with one hand, putting the other on his thigh before leaning in and swirling my 
tongue around the tip. When I hear him moan, I move my tongue to the base of his cock and lick my way 
to the tip. 
“Lily.” My name is a quiet, pleading moan. 
I suck the tip into my mouth, feeling his body clench, his hand going into my hair. I look up again. I love that I am getting this response from his body. I don’t know exactly what I’m doing, but I must be doing 
something right. 
As I watch, I slide more of him into my mouth. His teeth clench again and his eyes close for longer than a blink but they open again, pinned to what I’m doing. He’s big, too big to get all of him into my mouth, so I keep stroking with one hand, using my mouth to stroke the rest of him.
“That feels so fucking good, Lily. 
Since I can’t speak, I hum my response to him and the minute I do, his body jerks again, a growl of pleasure coming from his chest. I take him as deep as I can, feeling him hitting the back of my throat. 
“Lily, I’m not going to last long.” He tells me, so I begin to move faster, feeling his hand tighten in my hair. 
My hand on his thigh moves to his ass, his really muscular ass. Wow! Something to think about later. Focus Lily! I pull him closer, wanting to give him the same pleasure he gave me. He uses the hand in my hair to guide me to the rhythm he wants me to keep, careful not to be too forceful when he hits the back of my throat. 
“Fuck Lily, I’m going to cum.” He says and moves to pull me off his cock. Instead, I grab his ass with both hand and push him farther into my mouth, feeling him slide into my throat. I open my throat taking him even deeper just as his cock begins spasming against my tongue. I feel the hot, thick liquid shooting into my throat, and I automatically begin swallowing, my throat contracting around him. 
His answering snarl and his body jerking at his release lets me know how much he likes this. I take everything he gives me, moaning myself at the apple flavor that hits my tongue. 
When I feel his body relax, his cock going soft in my mouth, I pull back, licking every drop off him before standing back up. I only have a moment before he’s pushed me against the shower wall, his hand tangling in my hair, his mouth and tongue devouring me. 
By Commentaires
###Chapter 528
When he finally pulls away, he puts his forehead against mine. “I don’t know what made you decide to do that, Lily, but that was incredible.” 
I smile, pleased with myself for having given him the pleasure he has been giving to me. 
We dry off and crawl into bed together. It occurs to me that I would be happy getting into bed with Clint every night, curling up on his chest, while he wraps his arms around me, listening to the sound of our wolves purring to each other. In a flash, I see my future, clear as day with Clint by my side, and I know, 
want this more than anything. 
The next morning. I wake up, practically laying on top of Clint. He kisses my head. “Good morning. beautiful.” 
I lift my head and look at him. “Have you been awake long?” I ask, noticing that he doesn’t look sleepy. 
“A while. I was enjoying having you laying on my chest.” His hand is stroking my back from the top of my 
butt cheek to my shoulder blade. I have the urge to stretch like a cat under his touch. 
“I’m a wolf, not a cat.‘ Andra huffs at me. “But it does feel good. Clint can stroke us any time he wants.” 
“What does Andra have to say this morning?” Clint asks me. 
Honesty. I promised to give him honesty. “We are both enjoying the way you’re stroking my back. It 
makes me want to arch against your hand. I thought like a cat, but Andra took offense.”
I feel his chest bouncing under me with his laughter. “I’m happy to stroke either of you any time.” 
My hussy of a wolf pushes forward. “Thank you, Clint, your touch is very nice.” She tells him. 
He strokes my face with the back of his fingers. Donovan pushing forward. “We love touching you, both of you.” He says. 
I watch as Clint pulls Donovan back. “Before these two get carried away, it smells like someone is cooking breakfast out there.” 
I sniff the air and sure enough, it smells like pancakes and bacon. My stomach rumbles. 
“Let’s get my girls fed.” Clint said. 
“Your girls?” 
“Mmmhmm.” He says, kissing my nose. “You and Andra. My girls.” 
Andra begins purring at this. I roll my eyes, before moving off Clint. 
“What’s on the agenda for today?” I ask, pulling on some clothes. 
“Whitewater rafting today. We need to leave soon, I think it’s an hour or so away and we need to be there by a certain time. 
When I open the door to our room to go to the kitchen. I stop in my tracks. Anders has Cali up against the counter and is kissing her the same way Clint kisses me. I already know that Cali is going to be dazed when he pulls away. 
Clint comes up behind me and clears his throat. “Something smells good.”
Anders whips his head around, growling at Clint. I frown, what’s this? 
“I meant breakfast.” Clint says, meaningfully. And it takes me a moment before I realize that we can smell Cali’s arousal from Anders‘ kisses and Anders took Clint’s statement all wrong. 
Cali blushes a bright shade of red and Anders steps back, running a hand through his hair. “Sorry about that.” 
“No problem, as long as breakfast doesn’t get burned because you aren’t paying attention.” Clint teases him before walking into the kitchen to check the pancakes. 
Cali looks at me and I can tell that we have a lot to catch up on. Although maybe not. As much as I want to tell someone about what happened between me and Clint, I also want to keep it private. I don’t want to share it with anyone, not even Cali. 
As we sit down to eat, we begin talking about the day. “Isn’t it too early to go white water rafting?” Cali asks. 
Anders smiles at her in a way that feels very intimate. Oh yeah, there’s a story there. 
“Usually, but dad got the pack here to agree to a modified version for us. We have to go south, and it won’t be the normal version, but it will still be fun. And because it’s someone that works for the pack that’s taking us, we can swim and not worry about the water temperature being too cold for humans. 
We finish breakfast and get changed for our trip. Everyone is excited and while the rafting isn’t as exciting as I’m sure it is during the season, it’s still fun and we take some time to swim in the water. It is cold, but Clint warms me up. 
“Someday, we’ll come back during the season and go on a real whitewater rafting trip, if you’d like.”
thou 
I wrap my arms and legs around him in the water. “I would love that. It’s really beautiful here. And I know 
have other places in the country that do whitewater rafting as well.” 
“It’s a date.” He says, kissing me. 
###Chapter 529
I’m not sure life gets any better than it is right now. Everything is perfect. My mate is opening up to me, she’s agreeing to future time together and she’s wanting to become more physical with me. I literally thought my head was going to explode last night when Lily went down on me. Well, one head actually did explode. Nothing has ever felt as good as her mouth on me. I could tell she wasn’t experienced in giving blow jobs and that just made the whole experience that much better. She’s a natural, she’s perfect, and she was made just for me. Thank you, Moon Goddess! 
It’s obvious this morning that Anders and Calista had gotten intimate as well. I won’t ask him about it. I won’t share my relationship with Lily, and I know he won’t share his with Calista, but it’s there, and I’m happy for him. It makes it a lot easier to spend time together since they were already close friends and 
he and I are as well. 
We’re all so relaxed. The company is easy and fun. We alternate between spending time together with the four of us and then splitting off into pairs. Dinner tonight is a more relaxed affair, but we all get lobster again, taking advantage of the fresh seafood. 
At night we all walk around the harbor again, just enjoying the fresh, briny air. Anders and Calista decide to go off on their own and Lily and I return to the house. 
When we get back, Lily pulls me into the shower with her. I could definitely get used to this. She’s become very comfortable with me, and I love it. She bends over to turn on the shower, giving me an excellent view of her ass. My hand twitches wanting to touch her, but I don’t want to push her boundaries. I need to let her guide this and tell me what she wants. 
but
She pulls me into the shower, stepping backward under the water as she kisses me. I wrap my arms around her, feeling the water washing down our bodies. My body instantly responds to her closeness, b I don’t want her to think that I have any expectations other than being together. When we pull apart. I grab the shampoo and pour some into my hands before beginning to rub it into her hair. I step back, turning her around and pulling her out of the stream of the shower while I work the shampoo down into 
her long hair. 
As I do, I kiss her shoulders, and let my fingers slide up her body. I turn her around, kissing her nose. before gently pushing her under the shower and rinsing her hair. When I’m done, I do it again with conditioner. After that, I get the body wash and begin washing her body, taking my time, enjoying 
touching and taking care of my mate. 
When I finish, she turns and begins washing me, taking her time. It’s so intimate and the feeling of her touching me feels so good, I think this might be my new favorite thing to do with my mate. 
When we’re done, we dry each other off, leaving kisses all over the other’s body. My erection is on full. display and her arousal is scenting the air deliciously. 
We crawl into bed, and I lay on my back, waiting for her to lay on my chest. Instead, she leans over me 
kissing me deeply. Her hand starts to slide over my chest, moving south to stroke my throbbing erection. 
I pull away from her. “Lily?” I ask her. 
She looks down at me and I can see her indecision. “Baby, we can just go to sleep. Or if you want to try
something new or do something we’ve already done, we can do that too. What do you want, love?” 
I cup her face with my hand, running my thumb across her cheek. She leans into my hand, her eyes. closing, before she looks at me and the indecision has turned to determination. 
“I’m ready.” 
I smile at my sweet mate. “That’s great, Lily bud. What are you ready for?” 
“I’m ready to go all the way.” My thumb stops, mid–stroke. 
I look into her eyes, and I see that there is no uncertainty, no hesitation. My mate wants me, and she is willing to let me be her first, even before she knows for sure that I’m her mate. 
“Are you sure?” 
She nods. “Yes.” 
I lift up and gently push her back on the bed, laying over top of her. “I’m honored, but I need to make sure that you are positive that you want this. We don’t have to, we can wait.” 
Commentaires 
Voter(eak) 
###Chapter 530
She shakes her head. “No, I’m ready.” 
I lean in, kissing her deeply, taking my time to get my heart rate under control. I want to make sure that this night is memorable for all the right reasons for my mate. I want her to look back on tonight and smile. every time she thinks of our first time together. 
I run my hand down her body, slowly taking in every curve, every sensitive area, every place where she is ticklish. I begin kissing my way down her neck and have to check myself when I feel my canines start to 
extend. I can’t wait until I can mark her as mine. 
I move down her body, taking her nipple into my mouth, sucking on it while I use my fingers to gently tug on the other one. She arches up into my mouth and I swirl my tongue around it until she’s whimpering my name. I switch to her other nipple, taking it into my mouth, loving the sounds that she’s making and 
the increasing scent of her arousal. I have to taste her. 
I kiss my way down her stomach, moving between her thighs and pulling one over my shoulder. I have much better access here on the bed than I did last night when I had her against the tree. I run my hand down her other thigh, hooking my hand under her knee and pushing her leg up against the mattress. 
opening her to me. 
I blow on her glistening lips. “So beautiful.” I say reverently before diving in to feast on my favorite meal.
I’m thankful that Anders and Calista haven’t returned. My mate can be as loud as she wants to be, and I love hearing her call my name as I give her pleasure. I take my free hand and slide a finger inside her wet folds, slowly moving in and out before adding a second finger. I begin sucking and licking on her clit while I corkscrew my fingers, gently stretching her as I start to feel her legs shaking. I increase my pressure and speed until she’s screaming her pleasure, her inner walls clamping down on my fingers. I want to make her cum again, but I know I won’t last if I do. 
I slide up her body, taking her face in my hands. “Are you sure, Lily bud? Last chance to back out.” 
“I want you, Clint. I’m sure.” 
I kiss her again, then rub my tip against her wetness before lifting my head and looking at her. I slowly start to slide inside her, and she feels so good. It’s the most incredible feeling I’ve ever experienced. When I reach the barrier of her maidenhead, I reach down and kiss her once more before thrusting into her until I bottom out. I immediately feel her body tense, and she pulls away from our kiss with her gasp 
of pain. 
“I love you, Lily.” I say and I hold absolutely still, waiting for her to adjust to the intrusion and my size. I kiss a tear that drops from her eyes, then kiss her cheek, her nose and move back to her lips. When she finally starts to move, I lift up to watch her as I begin to slowly slide in and out of her. 
Her eyes focus on me, her hands come to my face, then she buries them in my hair, pulling me to her, 
kissing me more deeply. 
She pulls away, her eyes are closed and her back is arched. “Faster.” She whispers. 
I begin to go faster, then start to feel her body moving against mine. I pull one of her legs up, hooking it over my shoulder giving me better access. I shift until I find the spot that has her eyes going wide and
her mouth opening into an ‘0‘. Once I’ve found her perfect spot, I begin to thrust into her faster and faster. I grit my teeth to keep from coming. I need her to reach her climax before I reach mine. 
When her body arches and she screams my name, I can only hold out for two more strokes before I am joining her, my body shooting off like a rocket. My mouth begins to salivate, my canines extend, needing to sink into something. I roar my release, reaching past her and sinking my teeth into the pillow beside her head. It’s not what I want, the pillow is a poor substitute for my mate’s neck, but I feel the venom flowing from my canines as my dick continues to contract long after it normally would, reacting to every pulse of my mate’s body. 
Cooper Author 
Wow, Lily agreed to let Clint be her first without knowing for sure that he is her mate. What do you think should she have waited? 
Commentaires
###Chapter 531
I did it. This weekend has been amazing, and I wanted to 
ive myself to Clint. Maybe I should have waited another couple of weeks to see if he’s my mate. But this weekend is perfect. This place is perfect, our time together has been perfect, and he has been perfect. He is everything I have ever wanted in a mate. He’s funny, considerate, loving, caring. He is constantly making sure my needs are met, that I’m happy. He hasn’t pushed me to do anything that I didn’t want to do and it’s why I finally decided that 
tonight was the night. 
I don’t think I could have chosen a better time or place to lose my virginity. Clint made it so special. He made me feel like I was precious to him, he made sure it was good for me and goddess was it good! For once. I appreciate his sexual prowess. I got to reap the benefits of that knowledge tonight. Beyond that. he told me he loved me. I’m not sure he realized that he said it, but I heard it, and it made my heart soar. 
His head is still beside mine, and our bodies are still joined. I kiss his shoulder and his neck, wishing I was old enough to sink my teeth into his mating spot. He responds by kissing my shoulder and I feel his teeth graze my mating mark, causing my inner walls to contract around him and my body to shiver. 
He lifts up, looking at me before leaning in to rub his nose against mine. “How do you feel Lily bud?” 
“A bit sore, but good.” 
“No regrets?” 
“No regrets.” I kiss him gently and he responds just as gently, treating me as if I am a treasure.
We hear Anders and Calista return, and Clint slides out of me. Instead of laying flat, he curls up behind 
me, wrapping his arms and his body around me. I sigh contentedly as Donovan begins purring. I can feel it in my body as his chest is pressed against my back and it’s just as soothing as if I was laying on his 
chest. It doesn’t take long before I drift off to sleep. 
The next morning, I wake up slowly. I feel different and it takes a moment for the events of last night to come back to me. I open my eyes and turn my head to look at Clint behind me. His eyes are open, and he 
shifts, laying back so I can turn over. 
“How do you feel this morning, Lily bud?” 
I stretch, feeling some soreness between my thighs. “A bit sore, but overall, I feel really good.” 
I look up at him. “How do you feel?” 
“I feel like the luckiest man in the world.” 
I smile shyly at him, before tucking my head against his chest. He begins to run his fingers through my hair, massaging my scalp. 
“What are we doing today?” I ask. 
“Today is a free day. We need to check in with Patrick and make sure that Alpha Mahli is leaving today. but we don’t have anything specific planned.” I feel him look down at me. “Is there something you would
like to do today, Lily bud?” 
I shrug. “Let’s ask Anders and Cali, but I would be fine just walking around, maybe looking at some of the 
local shops and just enjoying the area.” 
“I think that sounds like a good plan.” 
We get up before Anders and Calista, so we begin to make breakfast. Clint takes every opportunity possible to touch me and kiss me. It makes breakfast a slow affair, but since our friends don’t seem to be up and moving about yet, we don’t care. 
e are 
Once they finally emerge and we’ve eaten breakfast, everyone agrees to explore the town that we staying in. We have a great day and when Anders talks to his father and learns that Alpha Mahli has extended his stay, but still plans to leave tomorrow, our flight plans shift to later in the day, but we will still be leaving tomorrow. 
I’m a bit sad to leave here, I’ve enjoyed our time relaxing, and it has given me time to really enjoy Clint. He’s different away from the pack, more calm, more himself.” 
After a fantastic day where we walked around our town, walked the marina, shopped in a cute art store. with paintings of the local area, and had a final lobster dinner, we finally decide to call it a night. 
That night, Clint makes love to me again. It’s the only way to describe it. It’s not just sex, it’s so special that I know I’ll never forget this weekend. I wish it would last though. I really hope that he’s my mate.
The next morning, we take advantage of our bed and our last bit of time together and we make love again. before showering together. We’ve packed and received the official notification that Alpha Mahli has left our pack lands.
###Chapter 532
On our flight back, after take off, Clint pulls me into his lap and we have a quiet conversation between kissing. I worried that we were making Anders and Calista uncomfortable until I realized that they were in a similar position and weren’t paying any more attention to us than we were to them. I guess the 
weekend was as good for them as it was for us. 
When we finally get back to the packhouse, we check in with Alpha Patrick, thanking him for our 
wonderful weekend. 
“You all seem very relaxed. I’m glad you were able to enjoy your time away. I’ll fill you in later on the events that occurred during your absence.” Alpha Patrick says to us. 
Clint walks me to my room and while I know I’ll see him soon, I don’t want to part from him. I don’t want to be in this room alone. I wish I could fast forward time and know that he’s my mate so I could move to his room, and we wouldn’t have to part. 
As I’m unpacking my clothes, I find one of his shirts. At first, I plan to keep it, then I realize I can use this as an excuse to see him more quickly. I grab the shirt and rush upstairs to his room. 
As I walk up to his door, I see it is open and I hear a female voice. My stomach clenches and my heart stops. Please don’t let this be what it sounds like. I walk up to the door and see Clint, his hands are on Anna’s hips, she has her arms wrapped around his neck and they are kissing. 
I feel like I’m going to throw up. It was all a lie, every bit of it. This whole time, he was using me, and I gave him exactly what he wanted. I must make a noise as my hand comes to my mouth, trying to keep 
whatever is planning to come up, in.
Clint rips away from Anna. “Oh, hey Lily.” Anna says to me. But my eyes never leave Clint’s. He looks 
horrified at being caught. 
I turn on my heel and rush downstairs. 
“LILY!” I hear him call, but I don’t stop. I race to my room, locking the door behind me and barely make it 
I 
to the bathroom before everything in my stomach comes back up. 
One night earlier: Beta Terrance 
I’m laying in bed with a surprisingly willing she–wolf. I don’t remember her name, but she was happy to do everything that I wanted to do. Not everyone can handle my–tastes. But she took everything I gave her like a champ. She might have some bruises and I can guarantee that she’ll be sore in every orifice of her body. I’m not gentle, but she didn’t seem to care. 
I’m not a monster though, and she’s laying on my chest as I rub her back, wondering if there is anything else I want to do to this she–wolf before I have to leave tomorrow. I’m here at the Canyon Ridge pack with 
my Alpha, Alpha Mahli. He came with the intention of bringing our future Luna home. Her father is very willing for my Alpha to mate with his daughter, whether or not his daughter agrees. We had planned to bring her home with us, knowing that she will turn 18 in a month or so. Then we can make sure that she 
is ready and available for him to mark and mate on her birthday.
However, she isn’t here. It made Alpha Mahli angry when he learned that she had gone away. I had asked around but had not found out anything helpful. I had also thought that there was a Guardian in this pack, but I have yet to see him. Maybe my compliant she–wolf knows where he is. 
“I thought you had a Guardian in your pack.” I say. 
“Mmmm, they went away for the weekend.” 
Thes 
“Where did they go?” I ask, not making an issue of the plural pronoun. 
She shrugs in my arms. “I don’t know.” 
“Do you know when they will be back?” 
“I’m not sure, but it has to be soon, they are still in school.” 
Am I hearing this correctly? My Alpha’s intended mate is a Guardian? No wonder Alpha Patrick got her out of here before we arrived. 
I roll over, kissing the she–wolf. “More?” She whimpers. Oh yes, there will be much more. 
And once I tell my Alpha that his intended is a Guardian, he will reward me greatly! 
Cooper Author 
Why did Lily find Clint kissing Anna Alpha Mahli planned to take Lily? And now they know she’s a Guardian, 
3
###Chapter 533
After returning from the best weekend of my life. I drop Lily at her room. I hate leaving her. After just one weekend. I don’t want to be separated from her. I know we will be meeting on the roof soon, but I want to shower with her, go to bed together in an actual bed, not one made up of blankets that I’ve gathered.
I'm not paying attention as I head up to my room, my mind still on my perfect weekend with my perfect mate. It’s not until I’m at my door, unlocking it, that I catch the scent of perfume. I turn, seeing Anna
stepping out of the shadows.
“Anna, what are you doing up here?” “Can we talk?”
“Is everything alright?” I ask her.
“Can we speak, privately?” She says and moves past me into my room. She may want to speak privately. but I’m not closing the door to my room. I don’t want her getting any ideas.
I follow her into my room. “What’s going on, Anna?”
She’s turned away from me, so I can’t see her face. I walk over to my bed, putting my bag on it. I hope this won't take long. I’m desperate to get back to my mate.
When I turn back to Anna, she has moved much closer to me. I take a step back. “Anna, what did you
need?”
“I need you, Clint.” She says then throws her arms around my neck and presses her lips to mine. I put my
hands on her hips, intending to push her away when I hear a sound that makes my heart skip a beat. Please, goddess, no. When I look up and see Lily, her hand over her mouth, I know exactly what she’s thinking, it’s written all
over her face. Anna’s casual hello only makes it worse.
“LILY!” I call as she spins on her heel and runs from me.
I turn back to Anna, snarling ferociously. “Don’t ever come near me again. Don’t touch me, don’t even
look at me. If you do, I won’t be responsible for what Donovan does to you.” I let him push forward to
show her I’m not joking. If she has ruined my relationship with Lily, I may hurt her.
I race out of my room, leaving Anna to find her way out. When I get to Lily’s room, I knock. When she doesn’t answer, I try the doorknob, but it’s locked.
I hear Calvin's throat clearing behind me, but I’m not in the mood. “I need to speak to Lily.”
“It's after hours and you just spent the weekend with her. She'll be here tomorrow.”
I snarl, stomping past him and rush back to my room. I'll go through her window if that’s what it takes. +15 BONUS
When I return to my room, Anna is gone. I crawl out my window and down to Lily’s. When I get there, she has locked her window and closed the blinds.
I knock on her window. “Lily, please. It wasn’t what you think. I swear, Lily. Please, talk to me.” I can hear her crying softly behind the window. “Lily, please talk to me.”
I stand at her window for two hours, pleading with her to open up and talk to me. She never responds to me. If I didn’t hear her crying, I wouldn’t even think she was in there.
“If that she—wolf ruined our chances with our mate, I will kill her.” Donovan snarls in my head. I’m right there with him.
I return to my room, grabbing the blankets that I had washed while we were gone. They don't even smell like her anymore. I have nothing that smells like her. I can only hope that she will come to the roof. If she would just let me explain, hear me out, I know I could make her understand. 
I go up to the roof and drop off the blankets. Then, just in case, I make my way back to her window. She's still crying and it breaks my heart. “Lily, I'll be on the roof. Please, just let me explain. I know it looked bad, but I can explain everything. Please, just hear me out.” 
When I get no response, I head back to the roof. I sit there all night, waiting, hoping that she will join me. As the sun starts to rise, I realize she isn't coming. I’m hoping she fell asleep and will see things differently this morning. 
Commentaires G
Voter (8.2K) +15 BONUS
###Chapter 534
I head back to my room, getting ready for training. I race down the stairs, hoping to catch her on her way down. When I get to her hallway. I can smell her scent strongly and I realize she’s already left her room. I start to head downstairs, intending to find her when I get a mind link from Patrick. 
“Clint, come see me in my office.” 
As I head to his office, and based on her scent, I realize Lily was already here this morning. I don’t know if this is a good thing or a bad thing. I knock, walking in without waiting for a response. I was hoping Lily would still be here, but she’s not. Her scent, however, still lingers and it both helps calm me and hurts that I missed even one night with her. 
Anders is standing, looking out his window. “Clint. What did you do?” 
“What do you mean?” 
all of 
He turns around and looks at me, disappointment written all over his face. “After seeing how happy you were last night, specifically smelling your scent all over Lily, imagine my surprise when I see her at my door first thing this morning. She looked like she didn’t sleep at all last night and her eyes are red rimmed from crying. I don’t have to tell you that I’m not a fan of men who make women cry. So, I’ll ask again, what did you do?” 
I rub my hands over my face. “I didn’t do anything. But she saw something that she misinterpreted.” 
He just raises his eyebrow at me.
“Anna was waiting for me when I returned. She said she needed to talk and walked into my room, uninvited. She threw herself into my arms and kissed me. It was at that moment that Lily walked in. She 
saw us kissing, Anna’s arms around my neck and now she thinks that I left her and immediately ran into 
another woman’s arms.” 
He rubs his hand over his jaw, watching me. “Well, this is really bad timing and now I’m in a bind, Clint. 
You see, Lily has asked me to take you off her guard duty.” 
I growl at that. “You didn’t agree?” 
I 
“Of course, I agreed. I told you I would treat her like my daughter and if someone hurts her, intentionally. 
or unintentionally, I will act.” 
“I’ll watch her from afar.” 
He’s shaking his head before I finish. “That’s not enough.” He pauses, growling himself. “Alpha Mahli showed up here this weekend with his Beta and several warriors.” 
My hands clench into fists. “He was planning to take Lily.” It’s a statement, not a question. 
“I have to believe that was his intention. Why else would he show up with so many fighters when he was 
coming for a friendly visit.” He stresses friendly, both of us knowing that’s not what this was. 
“You can’t take me off her guard duty. You know I’m the best person to watch and protect her.” 
“Yes, I do. But I won’t go against her wishes. You need to figure out how to fix this and you need to do it quickly. She did agree to continue afternoon training with you. I would advise you not to use that time to try to convince her that she needs to give you another chance. If she tells me she’s done training with you, I’ll pull you from that, too.” 
I nod, turning to walk out and find my mate. “Oh and Clint, I may treat her like she’s my daughter, but I’ve always thought of you as my son. I hope that I’ve always treated you that way. And as your father figure. I have a suggestion for you.” 
“What’s that?” I ask. 
“She’s mad at you, Clint.” 
Brilliant, because I hadn’t figure that out on my own. “Thanks, that’s very helpful.” I say sarcastically. turning to leave again. 
“You misunderstand me.” 
I stop, turning around. 
“She’s mad at you. She’s not mad at Donovan. If it were my mate, I’d use that to my 
advantage. 
I nod, leaving his office to find my mate. I’m not in charge of her training in the morning, so maybe I have
a chance to make things right and get back on her protection and guard duty today. 
Cooper Author 
Alpha Mahil knows Lily is a Guardian and Clint is off guard duty. That a recipe for disaster. What do you think Donovan’s chances are for making things right with Lily? 
Updates daily. 
Dr Commentaires 
Voter (82) 
1 
+
###Chapter 535
15 BONUS Chapter 0535
I cried all night. I feel so stupid, I fell him. I knew better. I knew his reputation, that he’s a ladies‘ man. Cali called it weeks ago. He only wanted me because I was a chase, a conquest. As soon as he caught me.
he moved on to greener pastures.
l ignored him all night, crying myself out. Before the sun rose, I jumped in the shower, dried my eyes and swore that I would not cry another tear for Clint Nelson. I put on my big girl pants and decided to take charge of my life. I would not be a victim of my father or of Clint. I am a Guardian and it’s about time I
started acting like one.
First things first, I stopped by Alpha Patrick’s office and requested that Clint be removed from my guard duty. I refused to tell him why, just stating that I would prefer if he assigned someone else. He didn’t say anything about my puffy eyes, but he hugged me and agreed to pull Clint off my guard duty. I’m not foolish enough to think that Clint won’t fight me on this, but I won’t budge. I've had enough of his lies and no matter how he spins it, I saw him in the arms of another woman, minutes after he left me.
I head down to training. Beta Calvin is running training today. I find Lucas and ask if he wants to pair He frowns at me. “I thought you were training with Clint?”
1. up.
“Not today. If you don’t want to spar with me, I'll find someone else.” I turn, scanning the crowd. I notice several-unmated warriors watching our exchange.
“No, I would love to spar with you, I’m just surprised, that’s all.”
I know immediately when Clint walks out the back of the packhouse that he’s already talked to Alpha Patrick. He heads straight over to me.
“Lily, can I have a word?”
I don’t look at him. “I’m getting ready to start training, Guardian. I’m afraid it will have to wait.”
I hear him growl. “Lily.”
l ignore him and watch Beta Calvin show us what he wants us to practice today. I turn to Lucas. effectively turning my back on Clint. “Ready?” I ask Lucas.
I see Lucas looking from me to Clint and back again. I raise my eyebrows at him. If he’s not willing to Spar with me because Clint is here, then he’s not worthy of sparring with a Guardian.
“Ready.” He says hurriedly when he sees me getting aggravated with him. We begin practicing while Clint stands there watching and fuming. “Clint.” Beta Calvin calls to him.
He must wave him over because Clint finally leaves. I feel my shoulders relax and begin sparring for real. It doesn’t take long before I’m taking Lucas down again and again.
@?HIS MONS “Lily, it looks like you need a challenge, and my son needs a break. How about you come spar with me.” Warrior Lyle says.
I turn my attention to Warrior Lyle, and he does provide more of a challenge. When I take him down two times in a row, he changes tactics and forces me to think on my feet. He’s our Lead Warrior for a reason. He’s a good teacher and I’m learning while we spar.
When training is over, I grab my water and turn to walk inside. “Lily.” Clint is beside me again. “Guardian. I’m afraid I have to get ready for school. I'll see you in class.” I turn and start to walk inside.
“LILY RAINES. DON’T YOU DARE FUCKING WALK AWAY FROM ME.” He yells, causing everyone on the field to stop and turn to watch what happens next.
“Please just talk to me.” He says more quietly as I turn to face him.
I stomp over to him and using a flat hand, I punch him in the chest as hard as I can. He stumbles back a few steps but doesn’t fall.
“You want to talk?” I snarl at him. “Yes, please, just let me explain.”
“No. How about I give you that honesty you so desperately want from me.” I lean into him, getting in his face. “Here’s the honest truth. You are exactly who I thought you were. I lost sight of that, but you reminded me in the blindingly honest way that only you could do. So, go ahead,” I smack my hand on his chest again, pushing him back. “Put another notch on your bedpost. But don’t expect me to come crawling back to you.” I punch him again. “I’m not like your other conquests.” Punch. “I don’t fucking need you, Clint Nelson.” Punch. “I don’t want you.” Punch. “So leave me the fuck alone.” Punch.
“No.” He snarls at me.
“No?” I ask, narrowing my eyes at him.
“No. I won't leave you alone and you will listen to me.” “Wrong. I’m done listening to your lies. Save them for Anna.”
I turn to walk away again, but he grabs my arm and spins me around. I don’t even think, my other arm comes up and smacks him across the face, the force knocking him sideways, but he still doesn’t fall.
“Don't you fucking touch me.” I snarl at him, Andra coming forward.
“Just give me five minutes, Lily.”
“I've given you more time than you deserve Clint. The only time you will get from me is during afternoon
training. Don’t make me regret agreeing to continue that.”
O +15 BONUS
I turn on my heel and walk away.
Inside, I grab my breakfast, and head to my room. On my way, I pass Lucas. “Lucas, can I get a ride to school today?”
“Uh, sure.”
“Good, I'll meet you back down here in 45 minutes?” “Yeah, sure.” He looks like a deer in headlights, but at least I have someone other than Anders to take me school.
I mind link Cali, telling her I got a different ride to school and asking her if we can eat at the today instead of with Anders and Clint.
She agrees but only after I promise to tell her what’s going on. e track field
After getting ready for school, I grab my bag and walk downstairs. Anders and Clint are waiting for me. I’m riding with Lucas today.” I say and turn to him. His eyes are wide, but he doesn't say anything turning and gesturing for me to precede him out the door. 
I hear Clint snarl behind me, but I just ignore him.
When I get to school, I thank Lucas and head to my locker. I’m just closing the door when Cali comes up beside me and pulls me into a hug. “I don’t know what happened, but I’m here for you.” She says quietly in my ear. 
I wrap my arms around my dearest friend. “Thank you.” Cooper Author
Do you think Lily is justified in feeling hurt that she found Clint in another woman’s arms after their weekend together? And it looks like she’s finally ready to show her strength as a Guardian. 
Commentaires 7
(2)
Voter (8.2) +15 BONUS
###Chapter 536
“What happened?” Anders says as we watch Lily walk out the door with Lucas. I can’t believe that douchebag is taking my mate to school. I can’t believe any of this is happening. Donovan is pacing angrily in my head, and I want to hit something or someone so bad my fists are twitching.
Anders hand comes down on my shoulder, forcing my attention to him. “What happened?” He asks slowly, forcing me to focus on him.
I take a deep breath and we walk out to his car. I wait until I’m inside before telling him about the events of the night before. He whistles low. “That’s a fucking mess, Clint.”
“No fucking kidding. Anders. Why do you think I’m about ready to explode?” “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know. She won’t even speak to me. She has agreed to train with me in the afternoons and your dad recommended that I not say anything about this and focus on training. After this morning. I think he’s right.”
“My father usually is.” Anders says, as we pull up to Calista’s house. She doesn’t seem surprised that Lily isn’t with us today. Anders hops out and opens the door for her, kissing her before she gets in. My heart feels like it’s breaking. That should have been how my morning went with my mate.
“I'll move to the back.” I say and switch places with Calista. I don’t want to talk, I need to think, which is practically impossible with Donovan snarling at me and my stupidity, as he calls it.
“What would you call it?’ He asks me.
‘I didn’t do anything stupid. Maybe I was distracted and not paying attention to the signs, but I never wanted to kiss Anna. You know I don’t want anyone other than Lily.”
“We're following Patrick’s advice and I’m running training today.” ‘Fine. I'll do anything as long as we get to spend some time with our mate.”
In Chemistry, I try to engage Lily in conversation about anything. She only speaks about our project. Her demeaner is so cold, it's like I’m no one to her, like this weekend never happened. She refuses to look at me and answers my questions with the least amount of words possible.
In Literature she completely ignores me, and I’m so distracted I can’t answer a single question asked of me. In complete contrast, Lily has every answer to every question. I'd be utterly impressed if I wasn’t so devastated.
At lunch, neither Lily nor Calista is anywhere to be found. “Okay, you need to fix this. Your issues with your mate are now impacting my time with mine.” Anders says to me.
“I'm open to suggestions,” I tell him.
“I wish I had words of wisdom for you, my friend. I guess I would go with my dad’s suggestion. Use.
Donovan.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’m going to do for training. Donovan will train Andra. At least I'll get to spend some time with her.” Anders looks thoughtful for a moment. “You know, if that goes well, maybe have Donovan go see her tonight.” “What do you mean?”
He turns and looks at me. “I mean, shift and have Donovan go to her room. Maybe she'll let him in. Don’t shift back, let him spend the time with her, but you can be there with them. It may help. You need to do something, my brother, because you seem like you’re about to snap.”
“lam.” I say quietly, forcing the lump in my throat back. “It’s a good idea. I'll try it.” “Good. I'll think of some other ideas if that doesn’t work. You know I’m here for you.”
I look at my friend and for the first time, I see him as the Alpha he will become in a very short amount of time. “You're going to be an amazing Alpha, do you know that?”
COIN BUNDLE: get 
get more free bonus
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
GET IT +15 BONUS
###Chapter 537
He chuckles, shaking his head at me. 
“I’m serious. Most of the time I don’t see you as my Alpha, I see you as my friend, my brother. But you will be one hell of an Alpha and our pack will flourish because they have you.” 
“Thanks man. That means a lot coming from you.” 
History class is the same as Literature. Lily ignores me and I can do nothing but stare at her longingly, like a lost puppy, which is exactly how I feel. I had a taste of perfection and having it ripped away from me so quickly and easily has left me feeling lost and adrift. 
I’m thankful that, after school I have two and half hours of training time with Lily and Andra. I drop off my 
things and head outside, shifting immediately. Donovan sits and waits for Lily. 
I see Lily before she sees me. She’s looking around, hesitantly. She doesn’t want to train with me, I can 
tell by her demeanor. Donovan was right, this will make her feel more comfortable. 
When she sees Donovan, I see the first smile I’ve seen in over a day on her face. “Donovan, what are your 
doing?” She comes over and takes his face in her hands, kissing his furry head. He licks her face, and I 
can’t help but sigh as the tension around my heart eases at her closeness. 
“Gross Donovan!” She says, wiping her face and laughing. It’s such a beautiful sound. How can I miss
something so much that I’ve only been without for such a short time? 
“So, you and Andra are training today?” 
He woofs at her. “Okay, give me a minute.” 
I 
There’s no one around, so her going behind the tree to strip and shift is specifically so I won’t see her. It 
makes me sad again, but at least we get some time with her and Andra this afternoon. 
‘Again, I’m the one they like. You’re a dick that screwed things up with our mate.‘ Donovan snaps at me. 
Donovan pushes Andra hard. She’s getting stronger. I could tell when Lily was punching me this morning. In the past, it wouldn’t have phased me, but today, she kept knocking me back. There were a 
couple of times where it was everything I could do to stay on my feet. 
When he finishes their training, Donovan drops his front legs down, leaving his hindquarters in the air, his 
tail wagging. He woofs at Andra before jumping at her and returning to his crouch. It only takes Andra a second to realize that he wants to play, and she takes off. 
Through Donovan’s eyes, I watch them play, him nipping at her heels. They play for nearly an hour before 
I see Lily pull Andra back. She heads to the tree where she left her clothes and shifts, changing before 
she comes out.
She walks over to Donovan and kisses him on his head. “Thanks Donovan. That was a great workout 
and Andra enjoyed the run.” 
She turns and heads inside and Donovan runs to where our clothes are stashed. I shift and pull my 
clothes on before heading in to get dinner. When I arrive, I see that Lily is in line, getting food to eat in her 
room, I’m guessing. However, next to her is Lucas and as I walk closer, I can hear that he is asking her 
out on another fucking date. 
Every good feeling that I had from the last three hours with my mate evaporates and I snarl as I walk up 
to them. 
“No, she will not be going on a date with you.” 
Cooper Author 
Do you think Donovan can break through Lily’s hurt and get Clint back in her good graces? 
Commentaires 
Voter (82) 

###Chapter 538
After leaving Clint, I decide to grab food and head to my room. Cali said she would join me tonight so we can talk some more. I filled her in on everything that happened this weekend and then finding Clint and Anna wrapped in each other’s arms. Call, being the amazing friend that she is, is surrounding me in her armor and supporting me in my decision to ignore Clint.
Lucas walks up behind me as I’m getting my food. “Hey Lily. So, now that I know that you are Clint aren’t together—you aren't together, right?”
I look at him over my shoulder, adding more food to my plate. “We are definitely NOT together.” “Then, I would love to take you on that date that we never got a chance to go on.”
The last thing I want to do is go on a date with Lucas and I’m about to say something like that to him, when Clint walks up, acting like he still has a say in my life.
His immediate dismissal of Lucas has my hackles going up. I turn and put myself between Clint and Lucas. “You don’t have a say in who I do and don’t go out with Clint.” “Lily, don’t do this.”
“Oh, it's okay for you, but not for me.” I put my food down and step into his space. “Do you really want to do this right here, right now? I doubt Alpha Patrick would be happy if we got into it in his dining hall.”
“No, Alpha Patrick would not. Clint, my office. Now.” Alpha Patrick says, coming up behind us.
I watch as he grits his teeth and clenches his fists, but he turns to follow Alpha Patrick. I’m feeling petty. so I turn to Lucas before Clint leaves the room. “I would love to go out with you Lucas.”
Clint’s answering snarl let’s me know my shot hit its mark.
Lucas is watching Clint leave. He looks nervous. “Uh, great. Friday night work for you?”
*Sounds perfect. Oh and, can I get a ride to school again tomorrow morning?”
His focus finally comes back to me. “Sure.”
“Thank you.”
I grab my plate of food and the one I made for Cali before heading up to my room. I’ve just laid everything out when there is a knock at my door. I know before I open it that it's Cali.
We eat dinner and then I really want to get out of my room. “Do you want to go for a walk?”
“Can you just go for a walk?” She asks. me.
“No, but I can find out who my guard is and see if they are busy.”
I mind link Alpha Patrick, hoping he’s not still talking to Clint. “Excuse me, Alpha Patrick.”
“Yes, Lily, is everything okay.”
“Yes. Alpha. I was wondering who I’should contact if I wanted to go walking around the pack lands. Or is it okay if I walk with Cali?”
“Warrior Lyle is coming off shift in 15 minutes. He will be your guard for the night. Unless you want to go now, and I can have Beta Calvin accompany you.”
“No, that’s okay, I'll link Warrior Lyle and have him meet us when he’s ready. Thank you, Alpha.”
I mind link Warrior Lyle and he agrees to meet us in 30 minutes. After confirming that he’s not too tired for guard duty, we agree to meet behind the packhouse.
When Cali and I show up, Warrior Lyle is waiting for us. “Good evening, ladies. Where are we headed. tonight?”
“Good evening, Warrior.” We both say. “We wanted to walk to the lake and just relax for a bit.” 
“Sounds nice.” He says and we walk to the lake. 
Cali and I sit down at the edge of the lake. Lyle gives us Some space, moving away from us and checking the area. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus Commentaires
GET IT
1)
Voter (8.2x)
###Chapter 539
“I feel so stupid. Cali. You called it weeks ago, but Clint was being so nice. I wanted to believe him.”
“I don’t know, Lily. I feel like Clint was really into you. He seemed serious when we were all together. He’s been more attentive to you than I’ve ever seen him.”
“Then why was he kissing Anna as soon as we got back?” I say and my voice breaks. I force the tears back. I told myself I wouldn't cry any more tears for Clint, and I won't.
“I don’t know Lits. Maybe you should hear him out. Honestly, I wouldn't think he’d put so much effort into talking to you if he didn’t care.”
“I fell for him Cali. I let myself fall hard.”
“Yeah, I know.” She wraps her arm around me as we look out over the lake. “It’s not always easy
is it?”
I realize I’ve been drowning in my own pity party and haven’t really talked to Cali about this weekend. I turn to her. “Why isn’t it always easy?”
She shrugs. “Oh, you know.”
I sit up straighter. I’m not the only one that needs a friend right now. “Apparently, I don’t. Why don’t you lay it out for me.”
She looks at me, before turning back to the water. “You know their reputations, Clint’s and Anders“. We know they weren't little angels waiting for their mates. But it never occurred to me that my problems wouldn't come from Anders, but from his previous relationships.”
“What do you mean?” I ask her.
“Well, you know how I’ve been spending more time in the packhouse?” I nod. “I’ve just been hearing more and more she—-wolves talking about their time with Anders, how big he is, how good he is in bed.
why is he bothering with a wet blanket like me.” I snarl at that last part.
“Any man would be lucky to have you, Calista.” I tell her.
She smiles. “That’s what Anders says. But it doesn’t make it any easier to deal with all the rumors and discussions that I overhear. Most of the time, I don’t think it’s accidental, like they make it seem. I feel like it's intentional to make me feel insignificant.”
I start to laugh. “Cali, my dearest friend in the whole wide world, don’t you realize that if they are trying to make you feel insignificant, it’s because you are a threat to them?”
She frowns. “What do you mean?” “I mean, if they weren’t worried about Anders giving you so much attention, they wouldn’t think twice about you. If they are really making sure you overhear their ‘private’ conversations“, I use my fingers to
make air quotes, “then they feel you are a real threat to becoming our Luna.” I pull my friend into a hug. “And Call? They are right. There is no one in this pack that would make a better Luna, than you!” She hugs me back. “Thanks Lils.”
I pull back, looking at her, suddenly realizing that the forest around us has gone too quiet. The hair on my arms goes up and Andra comes forward. 
“Lily, what is it?” Just as she asks, a dart shoots into her leg. In an instant, I pull it out. “Run, Cali!” I shout as Andra pushes forward and a dart shoots into my leg.
I pull out the dart and Andra forces our shift, just as five wolves step out on the other side of the lake. Shai, Calista’s wolf, shifts but I can tell she won't get far. I can smell the wolfsbane. While my leg feels sore, I am not feeling any effects from the wolfsbane. 
I smell him before I see him, Alpha Mahli. He steps out behind his warriors. “Darling. It’s time for you to come home.” He says to me, beginning to walk around the lake toward me. 
Commentaires 
###Chapter 540
I snarl at him, backing up to Calista’s now limp body. Shali having been forced to shift back because of the wolfsbane. I won’t allow anyone to hurt my friend. Warrior Lyle is nowhere around. I’m hoping he’s just knocked out somewhere and not dead. 
Andra lifts her head and sends up the howl for help. 
“Oh, my beautiful mate. They won’t make it in time. I don’t want your friend. I only want you, my future 
Luna.” 
Another man steps up beside Alpha Mahli as four more darts get shot into my legs. Andra’s snart is feral as she reaches around and pulls the darts out with her mouth. 
“I told you, Alpha. I told you she’s a Guardian. Imagine how strong our pack will be when you take her as our Luna.” The stranger says to Alpha Mahli. 
“You’re so right Terrance. It’s amazing what you can learn over pillow talk. I will have to find a way to reward you for this important information.” He says, his eyes never leaving Andra. 
“Why isn’t she feeling the effects of the wolfsbane?” Terrance asks. 
“A good question.” He turns to his warriors. “Again.” He says and six more darts get shot into me. 
Andra’s answering snarl is echoed by another feral snarl, one we know well Donovan. 
Just as Donovan enters the area where I am standing off against Alpha Mahli and Terrance, Andra jumps to attack Terrance. He’s obviously expecting the attack and he jumps, shifting mid–air and turns to fight. The problem for him is that he doesn’t want to kill me. I, however, have no such restraint
I feel more darts going into Andra’s hindquarters and when I quickly look at Donovan, I can see that he has several in his leg too. The warriors have shifted and are on their way around the lake. But this pack has never fought a Guardian, much less two. Donovan is fierce, even though I can tell the wolfsbane is impacting him. And me? I have no intention of becoming Alpha Mahli’s Luna, today or any day. 
I take advantage of the time that it takes the warriors to get to us and rip Terrance’s wolf’s throat out Alpha Mahli is not fighter but Donovan, while still on his feet, is obviously feeling the effects of the 
wolfsbane. 
I turn, putting myself between the warriors and Calista’s prone body. As they attack, I take them down, 
one by one. Donovan is able to take on two at a time, but he’s not at full strength. Andra is and we’re taking on five at once when I see Zakai, Anders‘ wolf, come barreling into the fight. 
He quickly takes out three warriors, giving me the chance to take out two more. The last one makes the mistake of going for Donovan who grabs him, mid–air by the stomach, and practically rips the wolf in half before he crumbles to the ground and succumbs to the effects of the wolfsbane. 
Anders shifts quickly and runs to Cali. I shift as well. “She’s okay, she was hit with a wolfsbane dart.” I 
tell Anders. He picks her up before turning to me. 
“Can you deal with Clint? I need to get Calista to the pack hospital.” 
“Yes, I’ll take care of it. 
The rest of our warriors are racing after Alpha Mahli. He left his warriors to die while he ran off like the 
coward he is.
Donovan has shifted back to Clint and when I walk over to him, I check his pulse. Once I realize that he is 
okay except for being knocked out, I grab his arms, turning and pulling him onto my back wrapping his 
arms around my neck to keep him up before I begin the slow walk back to the packhouse. 
Cooper Author 
Alpha Mahli made his move. And Andra is immune to wolfsbane. 
Commentaires 
2 
(2) 
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 541
I was still with Patrick when Lily mind linked him about going for a walk. It should be me going with her. Patrick told me I needed time to cool off, but it wasn’t working, so he took me to the indoor weight room and sparred with me until my murderous intent toward Lucas was gone, leaving me feeling empty.
I went back to my room, taking a shower and trying to practice my guitar. Now, more than ever. I needed to figure out my grand gesture for Lily. One way or another, I’m going to win her back.
I finally give up and decide to go look for her. I won't get close, but I need to see her. I go out the omega’s entrance, not wanting to alert Patrick or Calvin to my plans. I catch her scent, along with Calista’s and I
begin to make my way toward them.
I haven't gone far when I hear Andra’s howl for help. Donovan immediately forces the shift and we're running toward Lily. When we get there, I recognize the scents as those lingering in the packhouse from this weekend. Alpha Mahli and his warriors.
Andra jumps at one of them and I go after the other. I think he’s the Alpha, but he doesn’t smell like other Alphas that I’ve met. Before I get to him, I feel several sharp pains in Donovan's leg. Immediately, I begin to feel the effects of the wolfsbane. I turn and see that Andra has multiple darts in her legs and body, but she doesn’t seem phased at all.
I see the group of warriors that were shooting the wolfsbane darts coming our way and they shoot a few more at me. I want to kill this Alpha for coming after my mate, but my vision is blurring. I can’t tell exactly
where he is and when Donovan swipes at him, he only gets air.
When the warriors get to us, I see four, but quickly realize I’m seeing double and there are only two. As Donovan swipes at them, it almost makes the fight easier that there is more than one and I can find at least one of them to tear into.
I hear Zakai come running into the fight and I’m relieved when I see that Andra looks like she’s got a small pack of wolves surrounding her. Zakai begins taking them down and Andra finishes them off. I want Alpha Mahli, but my senses are all out of whack. I can no longer smell him and my vision is going black.
I see a wolf coming for Donovan and he reaches out to grab it by its throat but instead, Donovan's teeth sink into his stomach and he shakes his head ferociously to rip it out and put the wolf down. As soon as we do, Donovan collapses and everything goes black.
When I come e to, it takes a moment for me to remember what happened and to take in my surroundings. I go to sit up, but a hand comes down on my shoulder. “Don’t.”
The scent of orange and ginger surrounds me and the voice that calms my soul speaks. I turn my and see my mate standing next to me, a chair behind her. She was watching over me.
“What happened?” I ask, my voice hoarse.
“You took a lot of wolfsbane darts and you've been out for over a day.”
I frown, that explains why I’m sore. I look at Lily. “You had a lot of darts in you too.” I say to her. The content is on ! Read the latest
chapter there!
She nods but doesn’t look at me.
“Lily?”
She shrugs then finally looks at me. Her azure blue eyes connecting with mine and causing me to lose focus on anything else for a moment. “I wasn't affected.” 
It takes a moment before what she says sinks in. “You weren't affected by the wolfsbane?” She shakes her head at me. 
Commentaires 
###Chapter 542
“Do you know why I wasn’t affected?” She asks me. 
“I don’t. I’m not sure it’s a Guardian thing. Obviously, I was affected.” 
She nods again, before stepping away. 
“Please don’t go, Lily.” 
She turns and smiles at me over her shoulder. It’s a small smile, but it’s a smile. I’ll take it. 
“I’m just getting you some water. And I need to let the doctor know you’re awake.” 
She brings me a glass of water and turns for the door. 
“Will you come back?” 
“Yes.” She says without looking at me before she walks out. 
When she returns, she has the doctor in tow, along with Anders. 
“Finally!” He says, walking up to me and clapping me on the shoulder. “You had me worried!” 
Lily looks at him. “I told you he took a lot of wolfsbane.” 
“Yes, but you weren’t affected at all.” He says to her, then looks at the doctor. “Well, is he going to live?” 
He asks, looking at me with a smirk on his face. 
The doctor is checking all my vitals and looking over the machines hooked to me.
“Yes, our Guardian will live.” He says. 
“One of.” I say. 
He turns and looks at me, frowning. “What’s that?” 
“One of our Guardians. Lily is a Guardian too and apparently, she is the only one that is immune to 
wolfsbane.” 
He looks back at Lily and the frown he gives her makes me think he’s put out that he doesn’t know why 
she’s immune to wolfsbane. 
The doctor says I’m recovering well, but he wants me to stay another night. Anders is happy with the 
report and heads out, saying he needs to check on Calista. 
I turn back to Lily when it’s just the two of us again. “How is Calista doing? And where was your guard?” I 
ask her, knowing that Cali is a safe subject, given that Anders was willing to leave her side. 
“Cali was only hit with one dart, so she woke up yesterday. She is due to be released today. Warrior Lyle 
was hit with three. He woke up earlier today and is staying overnight as well.” 
“It was Alpha Mahli, wasn’t it?” 
“Yes. He found out I was a Guardian.”
“How?” 
“I’m not exactly sure. Apparently, the guy I killed was his Beta, Terrance. He mentioned something about‘ pillow talk‘ and that’s how he got the information.” 
Who the fuck did this Beta sleep with and get information from? How did they surpass Patrick’s Alpha order? 
“Did you tell Patrick what he said?” 
I 
“No. I haven’t left your bedside. I was worried that you weren’t waking up.” 
My heart soars. She was worried about me, even though she probably didn’t want to be and wished that she wasn’t worried, she’s here. 
“Thank you.” 
“Well, now that you’re awake, I can…” 
“Please stay.” 
She turns and looks at me. The pain in her eyes is clear. “Why?” She whispers. 
“Because I love you, Lily. What you saw, wasn’t what you think. I don’t want anyone else but you. No one. else could ever turn my head from you. All I wanted was to get Anna out of my room so I could get back to you. I didn’t know she was going to kiss me, and I was about to push her away when I heard you. I know it looked bad. I was distracted, thinking about you and our weekend together. I wasn’t paying attention to what she was doing. I would never hurt you like that. Please Lily, there will never be anyone else for me, but you.”
“You don’t know that.” She says quietly. 
“I do know that.” 
“How could you possibly know that?” 
I didn’t want to tell her, not yet. But I need her to realize that I mean every word I’m saying. 
“Because Lily Raines. You are my mate.” 
###Chapter 543
His mate? Did he say I’m his mate? 
“How do you know?” 
“I’m 18. I knew the minute I saw you after my birthday. It was Monday morning, and you were straddling Lucas, defeating him in your sparring match. Donovan almost killed Lucas that day, seeing you like that.” 
I look at him, not sure if I believe him. 
“I turned 18 on a Friday. Anders and I went out all weekend looking for my mate. Little did I know that my little slip of a mate was in our pack but was underage and wouldn’t recognize me as her mate for another 
couple of months.” 
“So, the only reason you’ve been giving me attention is because I’m your mate?” 
“Yes and no. I was hoping I could get you to fall in love with me before you realized I was your mate. I thought I as doing a good job of it until this mess with Anna happened.” 
“What about me being a Guardian?” Did he fall in love with me because I’m a Guardian? 
He shrugs. “What about it? You hadn’t gotten your Guardian spirit when Donovan recognized you as our mate. I don’t care that you are a Guardian. But once Andra got her Guardian spirit, I knew I had to train 
you, help you to become the strong Guardian you were meant to be.”
That’s true. I think back, remembering that first day when he started to show interest in me. Andra hadn’t 
received her Guardian spirit yet.. 
He looks at me, honesty shining in his eyes. “Everything I told you about how I feel about the mate bond 
was honest. You are my everything, Lily. No one will ever be more important to me than you. The mate 
bond made me feel love for you immediately. But I have fallen head over heels in love with you as a 
person. Getting to know you has been the most incredible experience of my life. You make me see things 
differently. You challenge me in ways I’ve never been challenged by anyone, except maybe Anders. You calm my mind and my soul, and it keeps my temper at bay. Everything about you draws me in and makes 
me want you more.” 
I close my eyes, forcing back the tears that want to come. “I’m scared, Clint. I never thought I would 
allow someone to hurt me the way that you did. Even if it wasn’t intentional, it hurt more than anything. 
ever has, including my father trying to sell me off to Alpha Mahli.” 
He nods. “I know, and I’m sorry that I hurt you, Lily bud. That was never my intention. Last weekend was the most amazing, special, memorable time in my life. And it was all because of you. Please don’t push
me away. If you don’t believe me that we’re mates, at least give me a chance to prove to you that I mean what I say. Once you turn 18, you and Andra will know that everything I’m saying is true. Please, just come back to me Lily. Stop pushing me away. I can’t take it. I feel like I had everything I’ve ever wanted 
in life and then it was snatched away from me in an instant.” 
I look at him for a long moment. “Okay, Clint.” 
He pats his chest. “Please come lay with me, Lily bud. Donovan’s not back yet, so he can’t purr in your 
ear, but I can at least rub your head.” 
“You’re supposed to be getting rest, Clint.” 
“I have never slept as well as I do when you are laying on my chest, Lily. Please.” He pats his chest. 
again. 
I slowly walk back to his bed. I shift the tubes that he has attached to him and crawl into bed beside him. As soon as I lay down on his chest, I feel his body relax. Andra immediately starts to purr, and I hear Clint as he starts to drift off to sleep. “Thank you, Lily bud. I love you.” 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2x) 
###Chapter 544
I watched Clint for a while after he fell asleep, but eventually, I feel asleep as well. I was exhausted, having stayed awake worrying about him, Cali and Lyle. 
While he is sleeping. Cali pokes her head in, smiling immediately at me laying on Clint’s chest. I start to get up, but she shooes me back down. She comes over and hugs me, smiling at our closeness. 
“We’ll have to talk later, but I wanted you to know they are releasing me. Shali is back and I’m feeling. stronger every minute.” She whispers before looking at Clint. “How is he?” 
“Weak, but he woke up. Donovan isn’t back yet, but hopefully soon.” I tell her quietly. 
She hugs me again before moving to leave. Anders is waiting by the door for her, watching. He nods at me, smiling before wrapping his arm around Cali and guiding her out of Clint’s room. 
When Clint wakes up, I let him know that I’m going to check on Lyle and get him some food. I order the food first, before going to check on Warrior Lyle. He is in this hospital because he was protecting me. 
When I walk in, Lucas is there along with a woman that I am guessing is Warrior Lyle’s mate. 
“How are you doing. Warrior Lyle?” I ask him. 
“I’m doing fine Lily. I’m glad to see that you are well. I was worried that the Alpha might have gotten you, but my mate told me you and Clint were able to hold them off until Anders and the other warriors arrived.” 
“Yes, I’m sorry that you were injured protecting me.” 
He smiles a fatherly smile at me. “Nonsense, that’s my job.”
“If you need anything at all…” 
“Don’t worry, Guardian. Lucas and I will look after my mate. You look after Clint. I understand he hasn’t 
woken yet?” She asks. 
“He did finally wake up a couple hours ago before falling back to sleep. I’ve just come from ordering him 
food and I’m going to go back and check on him now.” 
“Lily.” Warrior Lyle stops me as I start to turn around. “I understand the wolfsbane darts didn’t affect 
you.” 
“The wolfsbane didn’t. However, my backside is still pretty bruised from all the darts that Andra took, 
trying to take her down.” 
“That’s impressive, Guardian. I thought Clint would be the most impressive Guardian I’d ever meet, but 
you may just surpass him in my book.” 
I laugh. “Clint is pretty impressive in his own right. I don’t know why I wasn’t affected by the wolfsbane, 
and neither does he, but maybe we’ll be able to figure it out.” 
As I turn to leave. Lucas stands up, following me into the hall. “Listen Lily, I don’t want to get between whatever you and Clint have going on. If it looks like the two of you are going to get back together, I’ll understand if you want to cancel our date tomorrow night.”
“Thanks Lucas. I don’t know what is going to happen between us, but I think it would be better if I let it run its course before I start dating other people.” 
“I understand.” 
I start to turn around but turn back as he reaches for the door to his father’s room. “I think you’re going to make a great Lead Warrior, Lucas.” 
He looks back at me, smiling. “Yeah, what other pack can say that their Lead Warrior trained against, not one, but two Guardians. I may not be able to defeat you, but every time I spar with either of you, I come out stronger for it.” 
I nod and head back to Clint’s room. When I arrive, I can smell the food. I walk in and see Alpha Patrick has taken up a seat beside Clint. 
“Lily, come sit down. We need to talk about the events that happened with Alpha Mahli.” 
Cooper Author 
This is the first time they realize that Andra is immune to wolfsbane, and it seems that everyone is beginning to identify Lily and Andra as Guardians. 
Commentaires
###Chapter 545
I hate it when Lily walks out of my room. A part of me worries that she wouldn’t come back. I laid all my cards on the table. I have to hope that it’s enough for her to give me a chance to prove that she’s the only
woman for me.
Not long after she leaves. Alpha Patrick comes in.
“Clint, I was happy to hear that you awakened earlier today.”
“Good afternoon, Patrick. It was good to wake up and have Lily at my side.”
“She didn’t leave you. She’s the one that carried you from the battlefield to the hospital.”
That’s news to me. I know she’s strong but I’m nearly a foot taller than her. “How did she manage that?” “Have you looked at your feet?” He asks, raising an eyebrow.
I pull the sheets off and see that, indeed, my feet look like they’ve been drug through the mud. I chuckle before pulling the sheets back over me and shrugging. I don’t care. I'd get shot with wolfsbane every day if that’s what it takes for Lily to stop pushing me away.
“Have you spoken to her yet?” I ask Patrick.
“Not yet she’s been busy watching over you, and I’ve been busy trying to figure out how Alpha Mahli figured out that she’s a Guardian. I’ve been interviewing Aaron but even under Alpha command, he says
he didn’t say anything.
I'm shaking my head. “That’s not how it came across to Lily. When she gets back, you need to talk to
her.
My food is delivered and it’s not five minutes later that Lily comes back into the room. I hadn’t realized that the tightness in my chest had returned when she left, but it immediately eases when I see her and
smell her scent. Patrick asks Lily to come and talk to him. She looks at me and rather than pulling up a chair, she comes and sits beside me on the bed. I reach out and take her hand, needing her touch.
Lily confirms that Terrance was Alpha Mahli’s Beta then proceeds to tell Patrick about their conversation by the lake. I can see Patrick processing this information and his eyes go unfocused as he mind links
someone. “I might know who it was, but I don’t know how they did it. It’s not someone that would go against an Alpha order or be able to override my command. I'll have to talk to her.”
“I'd like to be there.” Says Lily.
I frown at that. “Why?”
She turns and looks at me. “I’ve always had an uncanny ability to tell if people are lying. I’d like to see if I believe this she—wolf when she explains how it happened.”
Patrick looks from Lily to me and back again. “In light of recent events. I’m not sure that’s a good idea.”
I sit up, focusing on Patrick. “Why not?”
He looks at me for a long moment. “Well, if it’s the she—wolf I think it is. Lily,” he looks back at her. “you won't be ive.” “Who do you think it is?” I ask. There’s only one she-wolf I can think of that he’s referring to.
He holds my gaze. “Anna.”
I start to pull h
Ito pull back the blankets. “I’m coming too.”
I can feel Lily tense next to me before standing up. I turn all my focus on her.
“She almost ruined everything between us. I won't have you ina room with her when she could say anything that might impact the tenuous connection we've just re-established. If you're going to be in aroom with her, I’m going to be there, too.” 
I turn to Patrick. “Give me 30 minutes and I'll be ready.” “Clint, you need your rest. You were unconscious less than 12 hours ago.” Lily says to me.
I take her face in my hands. “I don't care if I were on my death bed. I’m not letting her get between us again. She's already proven herself untrustworthy and the timing of her telling Alpha Mahli’s Beta about you and then causing a huge rift between us is too coincidental.” The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
“The doctor hasn't released you yet, Clint.” Patrick says.
“As if that's ever mattered. You and I both know I heal fast.” I say, not even looking at him as I begin to search the room for clothes or something I can put on.
“Don't I have any clothes here?”
“Clint. I don’t think this is a good idea.”
I stop and look at Lily. “If you're going. I'm going. I only just got you to agree to talk to me again. These last few days have been the worst time of my life, equal to the time I lost my parents. I’m not willing to go through that again, Lily. I told you, you're my mate. You are my future, my everything. Anna is nothing to me and I won't have her coming between us again.” 
###Chapter 546
Chapter 0546 She turns and looks at Patrick, but he is looking at me. “Are you sure you’re strong enough?” He asks. “Til be fine.”
He nods, then stands. “I'll have someone send you some clothes. Get a shower and be in my office in one hour. And for goddess’s sake, wash your feet.”
I snort at that as he leaves, I start to walk on shaky legs toward the shower in the room. Lily immediately moves and pulls one of my arms over her shoulder, helping me. “Clint, I really don’t think this is a good idea. You've barely woken up, you haven’t eaten in at least two days.”
“Lily, what is it going to take for you to realize that nothing is more important to me, than you. Not my health, which will be fine, not food, not sleep. Nothing, not one thing is more important than you. And if
Anna is sabotaging us or hurting you, she will answer to me.”
Lily leans me against the sink as she turns on the shower, letting it warm. “Am I going to have to worry about you falling over in the shower?”
“I'll manage.” A week ago, I’d be inviting her to join me, but now, I’m just glad she hasn’t left.
I pull off my hospital gown and go to stand under the shower spray. It feels incredible. I lean both hands against the wall and let the water wash over my back, watching as the dirt and sweat on my body begins
to wash away. I'm shocked when Lily steps in behind me. “Lily, what are you doing?”
“I'm making sure you don’t fall and kill yourself, Clint. Behave yourself and don’t try anything with me. We're not back to that place yet, but I’m not going to let you die on my watch because you can’t stand upright in a shower on your own.”
I feel her soapy hands begin to rub over my back and sides. I can’t help the sigh that leaves my lips. I’ve heard it said that a mate's touch is healing. It’s true. My body feels stronger and I feel better while she’s
cleaning me. When it’s time for her to wash my hair, I turn, leaning against the wall and bend over so she can more easily reach my head. Her hands on my scalp feel incredible, reminding me our time together. My body instantly responds.
“Whatever you're thinking about, cut it out.” “It's hard not to think about the best weekend of my life when my mate is naked in front of me and washing my hair.” I tell her.
Her hands still in my hair for a moment before she directs me back under the shower to rinse it off. She takes extra time cleaning my feet, apologizing for getting them so dirty.
“You carried me to the hospital Lily. I don’t care what my feet look like. And I don’t think I’ve actually
thanked you for making sure I was treated after the fight. So, thank you.”
When we f
finish, she steps out first and I look at her backside for the first time. “What the fuck?”
I say, reaching out to grab her. Her butt and thighs are covered in bruises. Most of them are faded, but they are there.
She follows my line of sight and shrugs. “I was immune to the wolfsbane, but that doesn’t mean the darts didn’t hurt. You took somewhere around 10. Andra took at least twice that since she wasn’t going down.
I gently run my fingers over her bruises. “Clint.” It’s a plea more than a warning. She wants me to stop. but she’s affected by my touch.
I pull my hand away as I hear my phone ping. “Will you grab that for me?” I say as she hands me a towel. She comes back in and holds my phone out to me.
“Who was it?” I ask her, not taking my phone.
“Uh, Patrick, I think.”
“Can you read me what he said?”
She frowns at me. “I don’t know your code.”
“0514.”
She looks up at me, her hands going still.
“Your birthday.” I tell her.
I know what she'll see when she opens my text messages. It’s why I asked her to read Patrick's. I see the flicker of her eyes when she sees it. She looks back up at me and I smile at her. 
“Open it. You'll see they are my texts to you.” 
“You have me listed as ‘mate’ in your phone?” “Ever since the day I realized who you are to me.” The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Cooper Author 
###Chapter 547
Clint is making it impossible for me not to fall for him all over again. Everything about what he’s saying seems genuine. The fact that he has me listed as his mate in his phone and my birthday is his code is…. well, a bit overwhelming. I can feel my heart giving in. 
I close my eyes for a moment, trying to collect myself before opening them and reading Alpha Patrick’s 
message. 
“He 
le says 
to meet him in his office in a half hour. Beta Calvin is bringing Anna in for an interview.” 
I look back up at Clint. “How do you think she got past Alpha Patrick’s command?” 
He’s drying himself off and as he turns, I can see that he also has bruises on his butt and legs. His are not healing as fast as mine, since Donovan is still out because of the wolfsbane. 
Andra pushes forward and leans down, licking the wounds on his legs and over his muscular butt. 
“Lily? What are you doing?” Clint’s voice is choked, and his body has gone tense. He turns and looks at 
me, realizing it’s Andra that has pushed forward. 
“I’m healing my mate. I know Donovan isn’t back and I know the bruises are painful. You would do it for 
me and Lily.”
He gently brushes the hair from my face as Andra continues to lick his wounds. While I’m uncomfortable 
with this level of intimacy, I do agree that we can help begin his healing process while Donovan is 
unconscious. 
“Do you recognize Donovan as your mate?” Clint asks Andra. 
to him. That 
She finishes licking his wounds and stands in front of him. “No. But I’ve always felt a pull 
pull has been getting stronger the closer we get to our birthday. I can’t speak for Lily, but I believe you that you and Donovan are our mates.” 
“Thank you, Andra. And thank you for healing me.” He takes my face in his hands and rubs his nose 
against mine before kissing it. 
“Can you give Lily back control so we can go to this meeting now?” 
“Yes, my mate.” 
Clint’s answering smile lights up the room. “I like hearing you 
you say that.” 
“Well she may be willing to say it, but I’m not. Not until I know for sure.” I say, taking over control from Andra. I look back down at his legs. They look better already. “Did it help?”
“Yes, and so did having you wash me. What they say about a mate’s touch having healing powers is true, even if you don’t feel it yet.” 
I don’t respond, but he’s wrong. I do feel it. It makes sense why I’ve had such strong feelings toward him. I tried to push him away and I didn’t want to have anything to do with him, but my heart and my head are at odds. My heart and Andra, however, are in complete agreement. 
There’s only about a month until my birthday. While my body reacts very strongly to his touch, I think I want to restrict any sexual activities until I know for sure that he’s my mate. I gave myself to him and almost immediately regretted it. Maybe it wasn’t his fault and maybe I misread what I saw, but it has made me rethink giving myself to him before I know that he’s my mate. 
I help him get dressed and then we head over to the packhouse. He’s still a bit weak, but not as weak as he was when he first got out of bed. 
When we get to Alpha Patrick’s office, we are the first to arrive. Clint pulls two chairs away from the others, and motions for me to sit in one and he sits in the other. It’s only a moment before Beta Calvin 
walks in with Anna. 
She sees the two of us and immediately stiffens. “I did what you asked. I haven’t gone near you since you told me to stay away.” She turns to Alpha Patrick. “If he says I did, he’s lying.” 
Alpha Patrick raises an eyebrow at her, and she realizes she spoke out of turn. However, I find her 
outburst intriguing. Clint told her to stay away from him? That had to be after I saw them together. 
“That is not why you are here, Anna. Have a seat.” Alpha Patrick says to her.
She sits down, Beta Calvin sitting beside her. Clint’s demeanor hasn’t changed. He’s not happy that Anna 
and I are in the same room. 
I’ve never been on the receiving end of an Alpha’s interrogation. Even for me, it’s a bit intimidating. While Alpha Patrick’s aura doesn’t affect me, I can still feel it. Anna, on the other hand, is very affected by his 
aura. Her neck tilts in submission and he hasn’t even asked anything yet. 
“I understand you slept with Alpha Mahli’s Beta, Terrance last weekend. Is that correct?” 
Commentaires 
Voter (20 
###Chapter 548
I watch as her eyes flick to Clint, then back to Alpha Patrick. “What does that have to do.” Alphal Patrick’s aura pushes out even stronger and she yelps before cutting off her question. 
“Answer the question, Anna.” He says and his voice is not friendly or kind. 
“Yes.” She squeaks out. 
“Did you receive my Alpha command that no one in the pack was allowed to speak of Lily being a 
Guardian to anyone outside of the pack?” 
“Yes.” This response is much more relaxed. If she did it, she didn’t realize she was giving away information about me. It wasn’t intentional, or at least, not consciously intentional. I feel Alpha Patrick’s 
aura subside a bit, but Clint does not relax beside me. 
“When you were having sexual relations with Beta Terrance, did the subject of Lily ever come up?” 
She shakes her head. “No. I heard he was asking around about her, but no one said anything that I know 
of, and he never asked me.” 
I can feel Clint getting more tense beside me. He doesn’t believe her. I reach out and lay my hand on his arm. Going off on Anna isn’t going to help and so far, I believe her. I feel his body relax and he reaches up. taking my hand in his, intertwining our fingers. The action does not go unnoticed by Anna. Clint stares back at her, unflinching. He’s making a point. Whether it’s to her or me, I’m not sure. 
“What did the two of you talk about?”
Anna immediately looks uncomfortable. “Uhhh, well, we didn’t talk a lot. We were busy, you know. I mean, there was, uh, discussion while we were having sex.” She looks around and she’s the brightest shade of red I’ve ever seen. “You don’t want me to tell you that do you?” 
I watch Alpha Patrick’s eyes close for just longer than a blink. Anna is trying his patience. I’m guessing he must feel this way most days. Being an Alpha would be exhausting. 
Beta Calvin picks up the interrogation. “Unless that conversation had to do with Lily, no, we don’t want to hear it. Was there any conversation before or after you had sex?” He asks. 
“Well, before, no. He was kind of in a hurry, you know? But afterward, he did ask about Clint.” 
That gets all of our attention. “What about Clint?” Alpha Patrick asks. 
“He said he thought we had a Guardian in our pack but he hadn’t seen him. I told him they went away for 
the weekend.” She says and she waves her hand in our direction. 
Clint snarls at her. Her hand drops immediately. 
“Is that what you said? THEY?” 
I watch as Anna blinks, her mouth moving but nothing coming out. Finally, it dawns on her what she did. 
and her eyes go wide and her mouth makes a perfect ‘0“. 
“I—–I didn’t mean to.” She turns to Alpha Patrick. “I swear I didn’t mean to. I admit I wanted Clint, and
I may be jealous of all the attention he gives Lily, but I would never go against your Alpha command. Please you have to believe me.” She says, and tears are streaming down her face. 
Alpha Patrick scrubs his hands down his face. “You’re on kitchen duty for a month.” He nods at Beta 
Calvin to take her out. 
“THAT’S IT?” Clint yells, jumping to his feet. “She put Lily at risk and now EVERY Alpha is going to know that she’s an underaged Guardian. They’ll hunt her down and all she gets is kitchen duty?” He’s pointing at Anna, looking murderous. 
I jump up and stand in front of him, putting my hands on his chest. If being his mate calms him, as he said, then I need to do that right now before he tears Anna apart. 
“Clint.” His chest is heaving but he doesn’t take his eyes off of Anna. I can hear her sobs getting louder. She may not be bright, she may be a jealous she–wolf, but she isn’t devious. Her comment wasn’t purposeful. 
“CLINT!” I say more forcefully. 
He looks down at me before grabbing me and pulling me against him. “They can’t have you. None of them. I won’t allow it.” He’s crushing me and even without his wolf, he’s very strong. 
I wrap my arms around him. “I know you won’t.” I rub his back until he calms, then I pull back and look at Alpha Patrick over my shoulder. 
“I want Clint back on my guard duty.” 
I see the relief on Alpha Patrick’s face as I feel Clint’s body relax against me. 
“Done. As soon as Donovan is back, you’re on Lily’s guard duty full time Clint.”
He pulls back and looks at me. “Thank you.” He says before pulling me against him again. 
Cooper Author 
So, it was Anna that let it slip, even though it wasn’t intentional Do you think her punishment is sufficient? 
Commentaires 
Voter (82x) 
###Chapter 549
I am so angry at Anna that I could literally tear her apart. I was on the verge of doing just that when Lily 
stood in front of me. Her calming touch helped me to settle down, but it was her telling Patrick that she 
would let me guard her again that finally had me settling. 
I know that other Alphas will have heard about her by now and they will be coming for her. But I also 
know, if I’m with her, they won’t get to her. No one will take my mate from me. 
I don’t know how Lily can be so forgiving of what Anna did, but I can’t. I won’t forget that she put my 
mate’s life in danger. 
When we leave Patrick’s office, I walk her to her room. 
“Clint, you’re dead on your feet. Come in and lay down.” 
I don’t have the energy or the will to argue with her. She leaves her door cracked open and takes me to her bed, tucking me in. “What are you going to do while I sleep?” I ask. 
“I need to catch up on homework and then I’ll order food for us to have when you wake up.” 
I pat the bed beside me. “I need to catch up on homework too, Lily bud. Probably a lot more than you do, since I haven’t been able to focus all week. Come lay down with me. It will help me to sleep and then we can start our homework over dinner. Deal?” 
I honestly don’t need her to lay down with me. The scent of her is all over the bed and I could sleep easily, but I’ve missed her so much. I just want to curl up around her,
She rolls her r eyes at me but comes over and crawls into bed. “I can’t sleep too long, otherwise I won’t be 
able to sleep tonight.” 
“Wake me when you get up.” I say as I wrap my arms around her, my entire body relaxing, and I bury my 
I I 
I 
face in her hair before I fall asleep. 
When I feel Lily begin to stir, I wrap my arms more tightly around her. “Just a little while longer. I’m still healing.” My voice much deeper than it should be. 
That has my eyes shooting open, Lily’s head turning to look at me over her shoulder. “Donovan?” We ask 
in unison. 
“Mmhmmm.” He says, snuggling closer to Lily. 
She turns over in my arms, facing me. She begins stroking my hair and my face as if Donovan was in wolf form. Donovan immediately begins purring at her. “There’s that sound I love.” She says to him. 
I watch her through Donovan’s eyes, letting him stay forward with her. Her touch will heal him too. 
“How did he convince you to come back?” He asks her. 
I watch as Lily’s azure eyes shift to green and rim with gold as Andra comes forward. “He told us that we 
are your mates.” 
Donovan nuzzles Andra’s nose. “You are. You are mine, little one.” 
Andra’s answering purr makes it nearly impossible to hear their conversation. “I’m very happy about that, even though I can’t feel it yet. Lily isn’t quite there, but Clint is being patient.” 
“You both have every right to be angry with him. We are yours as much as you are ours. That she–wolf is lucky to be alive. I wanted to kill her that night.” 
Donovan begins rubbing his face on hers, trying to scent her, but it won’t work in our human form. The meaning is still there, and Andra seems to appreciate the gesture. “What else did I miss?” He asks her. 
Andra tells him and when she’s nearly done, there is a knock at the door before Calvin walks in, carrying food. He stops when he sees both of our eyes shining gold. 
“Guardians.” He nods his head, acknowledging our status and our wolves being forward. I watch as Nolan, Calvin’s wolf pushes forward. 
“Anders spoke to Alpha Patrick. He has agreed that you can stay in Lily’s room tonight Clint, as long as it is okay with Lily. Anders convinced him that you would heal faster in her presence and since she has agreed to you being her primary guard again, the sooner you are at full strength, the better for everyone. I can see that Anders was right, since Donovan is peering through your eyes.” 
As he walks in, Calvin pulls Nolan back. “I’ve brought food for the two of you. You missed dinner.” He sets the food on the table. “Make sure you eat. Clint, you’ve been given a pass on training tomorrow, but Lily, you need to be there.”
She nods, sitting up. She has pulled Andra back, so Donovan shifts to the back of my mind to continue healing. 
“I’ll be there.” I say. 
She turns and looks at me. “Clint…” 
“Where you go, I go, Lily bud.” 
The scent of the food hits my nose and my stomach growls loudly. Calvin smiles. “I brought enough for three, so it should fill you up. If you need anything, I’m just a couple doors away.” He says before leaving and closing the door behind him. 
###Chapter 550
Lily and I eat, which helps me feel even stronger, then we do homework. I’m not caught up, but I will be this weekend. Lily agreed to help me catch up. It’s not exactly like it was before the ‘Anna incident” but it’s close. 
I sleep curled up around Lily, my face buried in her neck and by morning, Donovan is back to full strength. We both go to training and once Patrick sees that I’m back to full strength, he lets me spar. 
When we finish, Anders comes over. “So, I see it worked.” 
“What’s that?” I ask, not sure what Anders is talking about. 
“You, spending the night with Lily. I told dad it would help you heal faster. I could only get you the one night, but it seems to have done the trick.” 
“It did. Thanks, man.” 
“That’s what brothers are for.” 
When it’s time to go to school, I don’t see Lucas anywhere and Lily comes down the stairs, looking like she’s planning to ride with us. Thankfully Anders asks her. 
“Are you with us today, Lily?” 
“I am. I thought I was glued to Clint until I turn 18.” 
“You are.” I lean in closer as we walk to the car. “Does this mean I don’t have to sit in on a date with you and Lucas?”
She turns to as I open her door. “We cancelled our plans until I know what’s going on between you and me.” 
“Good. Because what’s going on with you and me is forever, so Lucas will never be taking my mate on a date.” 
I catch her smiling as I close the door. That’s a good sign, and my heart relaxes knowing I won’t have to watch someone else flirting with my mate. 
Friday goes much better than the rest of the week. Lily is talking and laughing with me again. I’m so happy, I feel as light as air. 
The rest of the day and the weekend go back to the normal we had before our weekend away. Lily and I meet on the roof and now the blankets smell like her again. She isn’t ready for any intimacy, and I am respecting her decision, letting her drive our relationship in the direction and speed she’s comfortable with. 
She is letting me kiss her again, and I’ve devoured her sweet mouth more times than I can say, but it’s 
never enough. Her taste, her sweet moans and feeling her body respond to me, just makes me want her 
more and more. 
On Sunday night, Patrick calls us into his office. When we arrive, Anders and Calvin are already there. 
“Have a seat. We need to talk about next weekend.”
I have Lily sit and I sit beside her, taking her hand. “What about next weekend. You mean Anders birthday party?” I ask. Anders turns 18 this week and there is a party planned next Saturday. 
“Yes. As you know, we sent out invitations for Anders‘ birthday party months ago. An Alpha heir turning 18 is a big deal for our pack as well as others.” Patrick is looking at me, and I don’t like the direction of 
this conversation. 
“I’m not terribly surprised that every Alpha has accepted our invitation. It’s unheard of, but that means news of us having an unmated, female Guardian has spread. Even those that initially declined, called to 
say their plans had changed and they would be here.” 
Donovan snarls. “How many?” 
“Ten Alphas.” I’m on my feet, fist clenched. 
“I’ll take Lily and go away somewhere.” 
He’s already shaking his head. “I need you here. This is Anders‘ birthday party and you are his Guardian.” 
“I don’t want Lily going away without me.” I refuse to let her out of my sight. 
“Agreed, which is why she will be here and we won’t be hiding her. They want to see our Guardians, we 
will let them.” 
Donovan snarls again. “No!”
“Yes, Donovan. Lily is strong and so are you and Clint. So is this pack and every warrior in this pack will 
be alerted to the danger that Lily is in.” 
He turns to Lily. “I want to move you to the Alpha floor.” 
“Put her in my room.” I say. 
“Clint-..” Patrick says with a warning in his voice. 
Lily jumps up beside me. “He’s right Alpha. You’ll need someone either outside my door or in my room at all times anyway. Either move me to Clint’s room or move him to mine. If there are going to be that many Alphas here, we’ll be pulling warriors in too many directions. This way, at least at night, they can get a break.” 
Patrick looks between me and Lily. “Fine. You two decide who is moving. And sit down, we have more to discuss.”
###Chapter 551
I have to admit, the thought of ten Alphas being on our pack lands at the same time, all of them knowing about me, has me on edge. I know I can fight, and I know I’m strong, but having Clint beside me makes my chances for making it through next weekend without being kidnapped exponentially better. So, I agree to sharing a room. I already know that if I’m not with him at night, I won’t sleep a wink and I need to on my game and extra careful next weekend, which I can’t do if I’m exhausted. 
“First,” Alpha Patrick begins. “Lily, you will train with me or Anders every morning. No one else. I want to make sure you are ready to fight an Alpha if that’s what it comes to.” 
He looks at me and I nod. I’ve already sparred with Alpha Patrick a couple of times. I’m hoping now I’ll be strong enough to defeat him. 
“Second, you will train with Clint every afternoon in both human and wolf form.” 
Clint and I nod. “We already do that every day.” Clint tells him. 
“Okay, let’s take a look at who will be here and who we need to focus our worry and warriors on. Alpha Leander is the Alpha from our neighboring pack, Shadow Falls, and already has a mate. I don’t expect any problems from him. Alpha William and Alpha James also have mates and both of them also have heirs, so I don’t expect any problems from them. Alpha Christopher has a human mate, but from everything I’ve heard, he is very much in love, so he shouldn’t be a problem either.” 
Okay, four of the ten have mates. That’s not as many as I would have hoped. 
“Of the remaining six Alphas, the two that I am most concerned about are Alpha Jerome and Alpha Benjamin. Alpha Jerome lost his mate under questionable circumstances after she gave him a male heir. There have been rumors of questionable deaths in his pack ever since he took over as Alpha. He
is power hungry and would love to have a Guardian in his pack, even if he has to forcibly mark her. Alpha Benjamin is ruthless and power hungry. He has taken a chosen mate, and from everything I’ve heard, he’s not happy and so far, she hasn’t given him an heir. If I had to guess, I’d say he will be bringing the most warriors of any Alpha. He’s definitely at the top of my list of concerns for Lily’s safety. The remaining four Alphas are a risk simply because they are unmated. Two had already declined but have since rescinded and are now coming. Both of them are in their twenties and still looking for their mates. They may just want to see if Lily is their mate, but they could make a play to take her. The other two are 
older Alphas who have sons close to Lily’s age, so we can’t rule them out. 
The severity of the situation begins to sink in. Next weekend I’m going to be glued to Clint. 
“Of course, Alpha Mahli’s invitation has been revoked since he attempted to take Lily, but that doesn’t 
mean that he won’t make a play either. And, of course, we have to worry about Aaron trying to make another deal with an Alpha to get the money he needs to pay his debts. In addition, every one of these Alphas will be traveling with their Betas or Gammas and most likely some of their too warriors. This means, if they try to take Lily, they will either have strength to try to achieve it or they will be able to make 
a diversion.” 
“What is the plan to keep Lily safe?” Anders asks his father. Clint has been getting increasingly angry beside me, but my increasing fear for my safety is making it hard for me to calm him. 
“As I mentioned, Lily only spar with me, Anders or Clint this week. Clint, when you train, I want you training in both human and woll forms.”
Clint nods. “We already train in both forms.” 
d you to 
Alpha Patrick looks at me. “I push yourself and Andra this week. I need you to be stronger by next weekend.” 
I nod. “I can do that.” 
Clint takes my hand, looking at me. It helps calm me. “You can definitely do that. You’re strong and you’re a Guardian. You’ll be ready to take on an Alpha by next weekend, no question. Honestly, you probably already are.” 
“I guess we’ll see tomorrow morning.” I say, not feeling very confident right now. Clint squeezes my hand. 
“Nothing will happen to you Lily. I won’t leave your side next weekend.” 
I look at him and see that he has reigned in his temper to help me with my fear. 
“We’ll need more than just Clint watching Lily at all times.” Calvin says. 
“Agreed. You and I need to come up with a plan to have increased patrols and also have three warriors with Lily at all times. We can rotate that out if it includes you, me or Anders.” Patrick replies and I can see the wheels turning in Calvin’s head as he begins planning for the increased protection duty. 
“What about my mother? Do you think any of them would go after her to get to me?” 
Alpha Patrick smiles a fatherly smile at me. “Spoken like a true Guardian.” He says before nodding. We will need to have someone watching her as well. I’m assuming your father isn’t an issue?”
I have to think about that one. If someone threatened to hurt my father, would I be willing to give myself up to keep him safe? 
When I look up, everyone in the room is watching me for my response. “He is part of the reason I’m in this mess. If he is threatened, then he will have to deal with the consequences of his actions.” 
Everyone nods. “We have four days. There may be other preparations to make between now and then. but Lily, your main job is to get stronger. You and Clint are our best defense against you getting taken. Don’t go anywhere without Clint or your protection duty, not the bathroom, not your bedroom, nowhere. Do you understand?” 
“Yes. Alpha.” 
“I won’t be leaving her side, not for a moment.” Clint chimes in. He squeezes my hand and looks at me. “I 
told you, no one will take you from me, and I mean it. I don’t care if I have to kill every Alpha that comes. 
to visit. They can’t have you.” 
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.” Alpha Patrick says. 
“Yeah, I’d rather my 18th birthday not go down in history as ‘The Bloody Birthday“.” Anders chimes in. I hope so too. But I’d rather be in a bloody battle than kidnapped and forced into a mate bond. 
Cooper Author 
nd did
Alpha Anders birthday is going to be interesting. That’s a lot of Alphas in one place. And did anyone recognize some of those names? 
I’m working on a second chapter for today, but I can’t guarantee it. Tomorrow will be back to regular daily updates with two chapters. 
Commentaires 
C 
Voter (8.2k) 
1 
###Chapter 552
While I’m thrilled that I get to move in with Lily, and don’t think I won’t push to keep it that way, I’d rather things stay as–is and know that she’s safe. Since that’s not an option, the next best thing I can do is help her get stronger while protecting her. 
When we leave Alpha Patrick’s office, I walk her to her room. “What would your preference be, Lily bud? Do you want to move to my room, or have me move in here with you?” 
She opens her door, looking around. “This isn’t really my room. It’s been a sort of stopping point since leaving my home. I have no connection to it, unlike you who has lived in your room years.” 
I shrug. Any place will feel like home if she’s there with me. “I want you to be comfortable. I will be comfortable because you are there.” I say, pulling her into a hug. I know tonight has been nerve- wracking for her. Her fear was palpable and all of us could smell it earlier. As angry as I am about having so many Alphas in our territory coming after my mate, I had to suppress it to help her calm down. 
Anders‘ comment about the bloody birthday was aimed at me. He knows I’m a hot–head and that I won’t hesitate to get into a fight if it means keeping Lily safe. But this is also a political event, by werewolf standards. Anders‘ birthday is a chance for other Alphas to get to know him before he becomes an official Alpha. This is a chance to strengthen alliances and make new ones. Not every Alpha will be after 
Lily and not everyone that may want her is ruthless enough to kidnap her. I’ll have to remember that and 
keep from going off next weekend.
In addition to everything else, Anders‘ birthday was the day we had decided that I would sing my song for Lily. Of course, that was before all of this. But now, maybe it’s not such a bad idea. I would be staking a 
claim on her in front of all these Alphas. If it isn’t clear by then, it will be that they have to go through me 
to get to her. 
She relaxes against me. “I will move to your room. Not only will being on the Alpha floor make the other Alphas think twice, but it will also mean they have to go through Anders and Alpha Patrick to get to me.” 
“And me.” I say, pulling back and looking at her. 
“And you.” She says. 
I kiss her nose. “See you on the roof in a few minutes?” 
She smiles and nods. 
The rest of the week is pretty standard. She defeats Patrick on Tuesday, Anders on Wednesday and on Thursday, I put her up against both together. She’s able to hold her own and almost gets them both, but they have been fighting together all of Anders‘ life and they work well together. I realize that from now on, this is how Lily needs to train. She’s gotten stronger and needs to fight more than one warrior at a time. After this weekend, I will recommend that to Patrick. 
On Anders‘ birthday, he recognizes Calista as his mate. She still has a couple of weeks left before her birthday, but he’s making plans to give her a birthday gift that she’ll never forget.
“How have you done it all this time? I’m going crazy and I only have to wait a couple of weeks.” He asks 
1. me. 
“I’ve spent every minute I can with her. It was the only way that Donovan would remain calm. And our nights on the roof have helped tremendously. Now you understand how desperate I was when she 
wouldn’t speak to me.” 
I can see his wheels turning. I know it’s hard for him, being an Alpha, but it was hard for me too. I’m so thankful that the issues between Lily and I have resolved. 
Commentaires 
Voter (0.2K) 
GET IT
###Chapter 553
Lily officially moved into my room on Wednesday. I made space for her in my closet and in my bathroom. I love that my room smells like her now. Patrick tried to have another bed put in the room, but I told him that Lily knows that I’m her mate and after she said it didn’t bother her to sleep in the same bed with me. he let it go. But I got the Alpha version of a father’s lecture about birth control. I assured him we weren't having sex. I’m not sure he believed me, because I got a box of condoms anyway.
Friday morning, the Alphas started to arrive with their pack members. Alpha Leander and his mate, Luna Estella arrived first, as their pack borders our own. When they arrived, I could tell that Lily liked Luna Estella immediately. Alpha Leander is a very attentive mate, and I relaxed, knowing that he would not be trying to take Lily. I felt even better when he announced that he and his mate had just learned that she is expecting their first pup.
“Do you know if it’s a boy or a girl?” Lily asks her.
Luna Estella shakes her head. “Not yet. We've only just learned that I’m pregnant.” She says, smiling up at her mate. He wraps his arms around her, his hands on her stomach.
“I'm sure it's a strong male who will take over the pack for me.” He says in true Alpha fashion. I see Luna Estella roll her eyes and Lily duck her head to keep from showing her smile.
Luna Olivia explains the plan for Alphas and Lunas to be placed in the packhouse, while their warriors will be placed in other homes.
“If I may, with my mate expecting our pup, I would feel better having my warriors close. If that’s not possible. I’d at least like to have my Gamma nearby. I know you have plenty of protection available. especially with your unmated Guardian, but I won’t take any chances with my mate and our pup.”
Calvin rearranges rooms and puts Alpha Leander, Luna Estella and their Gamma on his floor. This means some of the other Alphas will be across the packhouse, giving more space between Lily and them. I am completely on board with this.
Next to arrive is Alpha Benjamin. As Patrick expected, he comes with a full contingent of warriors and his Beta. There is no reason for Lily to be a part of the greeting party, so I tuck her away in our room, leaving Lyle to guard her while I stand next to Anders and Patrick. The Alphas will realize soon enough who she is just based on the protective detail that Patrick and Calvin have assigned to guard her.
I can see Alpha Benjamin looking disappointed as he looks around, hoping to see Lily. I’m not sure if he expected her to be on display, but even if she was here, unless Andra was shining in her eyes, or we introduced her as a Guardian, he wouldn’t know that she is our unmated Guardian.
When Alpha Jerome arrives, his response is similar to Alpha Benjamin’s. Once again, Patrick was correct in his assessment. So far, these two Alphas are at the top of my list of people that do not come near Lily.
As the rest of the Alphas arrive, I realize the others may show an interest in her, possibly even try to convince her to consider them as mates, but Benjamin and Jerome are the two that I am most concerned about.
When they have all arrived, Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi offer to give tours of the pack lands. The Alphas who brought their Lunas agree. The others say they would like to relax out back by the pool, which has been set up with refreshments and drinks before the party this evening. Anders birthday party isn’t until tomorrow, so tonight is more mingling and schmoozing with Alphas.
As soon as possible, I head up to our room, relieving Warrior Lyle. Cooper Author What did you think of getting to see Alpha Leander and Luna Estella? And at the very early stages of pregnancy with Liam.
Commentaires
2 G
Voter (8.2K) 
###Chapter 554
I spend a boring afternoon watching as the Alphas arrive and then move to the backyard to enjoy time by the pool. 
Finally, Clint comes back to the room, just as I get out of the shower. The official cocktail party starts at 6pm, with a sit–down dinner at 7pm. 
Calista and I wanted to go shopping this week, so Luna Olivia and Beta Naomi took us with Clint and Anders as our guards. Luna Olivia Informed me that, as my surrogate mother, she was responsible for buying my dress for both nights. I wanted to argue, but she wouldn’t hear it. 
So, tonight. I’m wearing a royal blue midi wrap dress that has a v–neck, flutter sleeves, and a matching sash. The dress comes to my knees, and I have a pair of 3–inch silver heels to go with them. I decide to leave my hair down in its large curls and after I finish getting ready, I feel Clint come up behind me. 
He pulls my hair off one shoulder, kissing the spot on my neck where I know he hopes to mark me one day very soon, sending shivers down my spine. “I will be there with you all night. If I’m not at your side, I will be close enough to get to you in less than two minutes. You will always have three warriors surrounding you, so the Alphas will know immediately that you are the Guardian. If you or Andra feel uncomfortable at any time, mind link me immediately and I’ll be there.” 
I turn around, breathing in his scent and letting it calm me. “Thank you.” 
“You don’t have to thank me. I have to be near Anders a lot, but I’ll be keeping an eye on you. Lyle will be on your guard duty all night and the other two will rotate depending on whether or not Patrick, Calvin or I am also on your guard. Don’t leave my sight without telling me where you’re going, even if it’s the bathroom. I know it sounds intrusive, but I’m not taking any risks with you.”
“Okay.” I say. He pulls back and looks at me, Donovan coming forward. “Andra, we need you to agree as well.” He says to her. 
“I have no intention of being taken by anyone but my fated mate. I will let you know if I feel uncomfortable.” 
“Perfect answer.” Donovan purrs at her. 
Clint pulls Donovan back and I pull Andra back. I see his eyes go unfocused and I’m guessing he’s mind linking my guard. He nods and takes my hand. “Ready?” 
“As I’ll ever be.” I say. When he opens the door, Warrior Lyle and Lucas are there, waiting for us. 
“You look lovely this evening. Lily.” Warrior Lyle smiles at me. 
“Thank you. Thank you, both. I know tonight will probably be as stressful for the two of you as it is for 
me.” 
“Don’t worry about it. Lily.” Lucas says to me. “We volunteered. You’re part of our pack and no one is taking our pack member against her will.” 
As we walk down the stairs, I can hear that the party seems to already be in full swing. “Everyone is hoping to see the newest Guardian.” Clint says, as if he just read my mind. Who knows, maybe he did. He’s very in–tune to me lately. 
When we walk in the door, I have Clint on one side, Warrior Lyle on the other and Lucas at my back. The room goes quiet, and I instantly feel my heart rate increase as everyone turns and looks in my direction.
Andra, sensing my unease, pushes forward and I feel the mood in the room change. Clint squeezes my 
hand before he guides me into the room. Alpha Patrick comes up, taking Clint’s spot. 
“I’ll make introductions, why don’t you go check on Anders.” He says to Clint. Clint nods and walks toward Anders. This must have been pre–planned. I know his job is to make sure that Anders is safe tonight. While unlikely, it’s not unheard of that packs will attempt to take out a new Alpha on or before their Alpha ceremony. Clint, Alpha Patrick and Beta Calvin are on double guard duty this weekend. 
Luna Olivia joins us, and it helps to ease the feeling of my being surrounded by a group of fighters. There are a few standouts among the Alphas. Alpha Benjamin and Alpha Jerome both make my skin crawl. Both of them have their Betas with them, and interestingly, I like Alpha Jerome’s Beta, Emerson. He seems like a much better man than his Alpha does. 
After the introductions of those two Alphas, I see Alpha Patrick slip away and he is subtly replaced by 
another warrior. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k) 
GET IT 
+15 BONUS. 
###Chapter 555
0555
Alpha Fernando, while not creepy in the way he looks at me, leaves no question that he wants me to join his pack. “My son, Santiago, may be a year or so younger than Chapter you, my dear, but I know he would happily take you as his chosen mate. You should make sure you consider all your options. A young lady in your position has many options to choose from. Do not feel that you are bound to remain in this pack if you are unhappy here.” Santiago takes my hand and kisses it. It was meant to be a charming gesture, but it falls considerably short as Santiago is young and you can tell that he’s never kissed a woman’s hand before.
“Thank you, Alpha Fernando, Alpha Santiago. I am quite happy here.” I say, pulling my hand free from Santiago.
Before I have a chance to move away, another Alpha is right there. This one is young, older than me but not by too many years. His Alpha aura and charm flow off him like water flows over pebbles in a creek. And I am Alpha Eric.” When he takes my hand and kisses it. I can tell this man is used to having women fall at his feet. As much as I feel a pull to Clint, even I am captivated by his debonair nature. He looks up at me, still bent over my hand and the look he gives me is smoldering.
Andra must also be affected because she comes forward. His smile is radiant as he winks at me before standing up. ‘Is it true what they say about Guardians?” He asks me.
“I don’t know, what do they say?” I ask, finding myself responding to his flirtation in an equally flirtatious way. It’s like he’s drawing it out of me without me being conscious of it.
“They say,” his eyes twinkle as he leans in as if this is some secret information that he is sharing with me alone, “that a Guardian can defeat an Alpha in a battle.”
I shrug. I haven’t removed my hand from his. For some reason, he isn’t nearly as offensive as the young. inexperienced Santiago. “Clint has defeated both Alpha Patrick and Alpha Anders in sparring contests.”
His smoldering eyes never leave mine, and now they are twinkling with mischief. “And what about you, Lovely Lily. Have you ever defeated an Alpha?”
I realize that several of the Alphas surrounding us are now listening in to our conversation. “Alpha Eric. are you truly willing to risk your reputation by losing against a she—wolf in a sparring match?”
“Not any she-wolf. A Guardian. And yes, I’d be willing to try my hand against you in a sparring match. I don’t think my reputation would be damaged, not because I doubt your strength, but because you are a
Guardian. You are meant to be the strongest of us all, are you not?”
I feel heat at my back and the scent of apple pie lets me know that Clint is right behind me. “Lily is a very strong Guardian. I’m quite sure she could take you, Alpha Eric.” He says as he wraps his hand around my wrist and, not so subtly, pulls my hand from Alpha Eric’s.
“Then perhaps we can set up a sparring session tomorrow. I've never had the opportunity to go against a Guardian.” Alpha Eric says, never taking his eyes off me “I'd be happy to spar with you, Alpha Eric.” Clint says to him.
Alpha Eric finally looks up at Clint. “It would be my privilege to go up against both of you, though not at the same time. I don’t have a death wish. Afterall, how many Alphas can say that they have sparred with both Guardians?”
“Two in this room.” Anders says, walking up and joining the conversation.
“I would also be interested in seeing If what they say about the Guardians is true. I can’t believe this little girl could possibly defeat me.”
Alpha Patrick walks up and snorts. “And that would be your undoing, Alpha Benjamin. Lily defeated me and Anders just this past week.”
I'm a bit offended by the shock on Alpha Benjamin’s face. Seriously? Does he not know how strong a Guardian is? Isn't that why every Alpha wants one? Of course, an arrogant Alpha would never believe that a Guardian could defeat him, much less a Guardian who is a she-wolf. 
“Now, if you'll all follow my mate, dinner is being served in our dining hall.” Alpha Patrick gestures and everyone begins filing out to the dining hall. 
Cooper Author
So, we get to see Alpha Jerome before he kills Eli’s father (his Beta) and we got to see Alpha Fernando and Santiago, Carlos’s father and brother. 
Commentaires 
###Chapter 556
wanted to rip that Alpha’s arm off, not only because he was touching Lily, but he was also holding her hand like he had a right to do so. What’s worse. Lily seemed enamored with him. I had been keeping an eve on her and I saw when Andra flashed in her eyes. Whatever Alpha Eric said, it impacted not only Lily but also Andra. I can’t wait for the day that I can sink my teeth into her neck, leaving my mark, so everyone knows she’s mine. 
Maybe we should leave a different kind of mark on her neck tonight.” Donovan says. 
“If she’ll let me. I’m all in.” I say to him as we move into the dining hall. 
I see Alpha Jerome making his way toward us and I steer Lily toward our seats. Alpha Patrick and I met with Luna Olivia before this event to make sure that Lily would always be surrounded by two of us, at minimum during meals and that she would never be seated next to one of the other Alphas. 
I sit Lily beside Luna Estella and I sit on her other side. Alpha Leander is on the other side of Luna Estella and his Gamma is opposite her. Calvin and Naomi are opposite Lily. Also at our table are Alpha Christopher and his mate, the human. Anders, Calista, Patrick and Olivia are at another table talking with 
the group of Alphas seated with them tonight. They are being rotated around at each meal to ensure that every Alpha has time to speak with Patrick and Anders. 
Dinner is an easy affair. Lily, Naomi, Estella and Christopher’s mate. Emily, talk of children, mates and 
other female types of things. Alpha Leander, Calvin, Christopher and I join them periodically, but I’m keeping an eye on Anders as well as watching the other Alphas. I don’t like what I see from Alpha Jerome or his Beta’s obvious disagreement with whatever is being said quietly between them. Alpha
Benjamin is blatantly staring at Lily and continues to do so until he feels my stare boring into him. When he looks at me, he jumps slightly at what must a threatening look on my face before casually looking away. Yeah, asshole, get whatever it is you’re thinking, out of your head. 
After dinner, Patrick comes over to me and Lily. “So, several Alphas have expressed an interest in 
sparring with a Guardian or two. So, I’m setting up a sparring event tomorrow morning. It won’t just be Alphas versus Guardians, I’ll be putting Alpha against Alpha and any Beta that wants to participate will 
be welcome. Several of our warriors will be there, along with me, Calvin and Anders, so you’ll be well 
protected Lily.” He says. 
“Is this really necessary? I’m willing to spar with all of them, several at once if they want.” I say, trying to 
keep Lily from having those Alphas‘ hands all over her. 
“Clint, I’ve trained my entire life to be a strong fighter. I will be fine. Nothing will happen to me while 
everyone is there watching out for me.” 
The next morning, we meet outside for training. Not surprising, Alpha Eric wants to spar with Lily. He 
steps up first. “Okay little Guardian, let’s see what you’ve got.” 
I want to watch them and make sure that Lily is okay, but I have my own match. Mine is with Alpha 
Benjamin. I decide to make a point that he needs to stop staring at my mate. I fight him hard, harder than 
I’ve ever fought against Anders or Patrick. I make sure to hit him hard enough that he’ll be feeling it for hours and hopefully, he changes his mind about sparring with Lily.
When he finally taps out, he’s bleeding from multiple parts on his body, and he limps off the training grounds to sit and watch. I turn and see that Lily has defeated Alpha Eric, but he’s smiling at her and acting pleased that he was defeated by my mate. 
COIN BUNDLE: get 
UNDLE: get more free bonus 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2x) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 557
“Thank you, Guardian. That was quite……… exhilarating.” I watch as he takes her hand and kisses it. I can’t help the growl that rumbles in my chest. Lily’s head snaps up, but Alpha Eric never takes his eyes off her. 
“Did you want to try your hand with another Guardian, Alpha Eric?” That gets his attention, and he turns 
to me. 
“It would be my pleasure.” 
like my chance to spar with a Guardian.” Alpha Jerome walks up. Dammit, if I’d known that he was going to spar, I would have taken him. Now it’s too late. 
I look at Anders, who gives me a subtle nod. He’ll watch the light and make sure nothing bad happens to 
my girl. 
I begin my battle with Alpha Eric. He’s good. I’m impressed that Lily beat him. He’s fast, a smart fighter and he’s strong. “I can see you have been training Lily. She has many of the same moves that you are using. I might actually be able to defeat you, Guardian.” 
“Doubtful.” I say and just as I’m about to jump in again, I hear Andra snarl. I whip my head around and see that Andra has Alpha Jerome on the ground by the throat. 
“Andra!” Anders says, moving quickly to her side. 
Something happened and Anders missed it. It must have been subtle but significant if Andra forced a
shift and is threatening to rip this Alpha’s throat out. 
I walk over to her, crouching down at her eye level. “Andra. You can’t kill an Alpha during a sparring 
match. Not unless he did something unforgiveable. Give Lily back control and let her tell us what 
happened.” 
Andra snarls once more, pressing her teeth against his throat, making a point to Alpha Jerome that she could easily kill him before she shifts. I immediately pull my shirt off, yanking it over her head before every Alpha here stares at her naked body. When she stands, her chest is heaving and she’s glaring at Alpha Jerome. 
She reaches down and pulls a small needle from her thigh. “I’m immune to wolfsbane, you piece of shit.” 
Donovan snarls, coming forward. I take the needle and smell it. I can smell the wolfsbane. Alpha Eric 
comes up beside me. “May 1?” 
I give him the needle and he also smells it before turning to Alpha Jerome. “What is the meaning of this?” 
Anders comes over, taking the needle and sniffing it before passing it to Patrick. 
“Oh please. Don’t pretend you aren’t planning to do whatever it takes to get this Guardian to your pack. We’ve all seen how you’ve been charming her. I may not have youth on my side, but I have other ways to 
get her to my pack.” Alpha Jerome says. 
+ IS BONUS
Patrick snarls. “You have attacked a member of my pack without justification. Get off my pack lands immediately or I will declare war on you and your pack. You and your pack members are no longer welcome in Canyon Ridge.” 
I watch as Alpha Jerome’s Beta, Emerson, comes over to help his Alpha up. Jerome slaps his hand away before getting up. “Are you sure you want to make an enemy out of me?” He asks Patrick. 
I step forward. “You heard my Alpha. Leave. Before I make you leave.” 
He turns and begins walking away. “You will regret this.” Alpha Jerome says as he leaves. 
I watch Patrick mind link and several warriors, including Calvin follow behind Alpha Jerome and his Beta to ensure they and their warriors leave our pack lands. 
“Anyone else want to try to take my underage Guardian from my pack against her will?” It’s Zakai that snarls the question to every other Alpha on the training field. He looks directly at Alpha Benjamin, who looks away. Hopefully he’s rethinking whatever he was planning. 
“Anyone who tries to take a Guardian from my pack against their will, will be considered an enemy of my 
pack.” 
He makes eye contact with every Alpha, before ending the sparring session. 
Cooper Author 
Well, we knew Alpha Jerome was a jerk. Game, set and match to Andra! 
Commentaires
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 558
Not only was Alpha Jerome taking every opportunity to put his hands in inappropriate places while we sparred, but when he realized he couldn’t take me, or maybe because he realized he was running out of 
time, he injected me with wolfsbane. 
I’m thankful that I’m immune. If I wasn’t, I would have ended up in the pack hospital and of all the places 
in our pack, that would probably have been the easiest to kidnap me from. 
As I turn to walk inside, Alpha Eric falls into step beside me. “Are you alright?” He asks and there is no 
flirtation in his voice. He is genuinely concerned. 
“Yes, thank you. I’ll just have a bruise for a couple of hours.” 
“So, you really are immune to wolfbane?” 
I look at him. “I am.” 
He turns to look at Clint who is hovering on my other side. “What about you, Guardian Clint? Are you 
immune to wolfsbane?” 
“No. Just Lily.” 
Alpha Eric looks impressed as he looks back at me. “Why do you think you are immune?”
“I have no idea. But I’m thankful that I am, and that it wasn’t common knowledge until now, otherwise, he 
might have tried to use silver.” 
Both Alpha Eric and Clint growl at that. “No Alpha worth the title would stoop to such a level. If you can’t win a she–wolf, Guardian or no, on your own merits, then you don’t deserve her.” Alpha Eric says. 
As we reach the packhouse, he turns to me. “I do hope to see you later, and perhaps you’ll save me a 
dance?” 
I can’t help but smile at him. I do like Alpha Eric. “Of course.” I say, and I feel Clint tense next to me. It doesn’t go unnoticed by Alpha Eric, but he chooses to ignore it. 
“If you’ll excuse me, I need to speak to your Alpha. I want to make sure that he takes Alpha Jerome’s threat seriously. He’s a ruthless Alpha and will want revenge for today.” 
He bows over my hand again, kissing it and giving me another smoldering look. “Until later, Lily. Clint.” He nods his head at Clint before walking off. 
As we start to walk upstairs, Clint leans into me. “Lily, I swear if you try to go off with that Alpha tonight, I 
might kill him.” 
We get to o 
our room, and I turn and wrap my arms around him. “And where would I go with him, Clint? My room is here, with you. I share a bed, with you. I have no intention of going anywhere with any of these
Alphas. I like Alpha Eric and he proved today to be an honorable Alpha. I agreed to one dance, not a night 
of illicit passion.” 
He wraps his arms around me. “If you want illicit passion, all you have to do is ask, Lily bud.” 
I nip his bottom lip. “You mentioned wanting to leave a mark on my neck last night. Would you feel better if I let you leave one before Anders‘ party tonight?” 
He pulls back, looking at me, seeing if I’m serious. It felt over–the–top last night, but after what happened with Alpha Jerome, I don’t think it’s a bad idea to have a hickey on my mate mark from Clint. I won’t smell like him, but he’d be staking his claim and I might have some reprieve from the pressuring Alphas. 
“You’d let me leave a mark on you?” 
I turn my head, exposing my neck to him. 
He opens the door to our room and walks me inside, closing the door behind me and pushing me against the wall. He grabs my thighs pulling them up and wrapping them around his waist. He kisses me passionately before pulling back, growling low and deep. “You smell like those Alphas.” He says before 
walking me into the bathroom. 
I continue kissing his neck while he turns on the shower and sits me on the sink, pulling his shirt over my
head. Then he strips down before running his hands over my thighs, to my hips then up my sides, letting his thumbs brush against my nipples. They immediately harden at his touch, and I suck in a breath at the pleasure of his touch. 
I let my head fall back and his mouth goes to my neck, licking and sucking where he wants to leave his 
mark. I begin moaning and he wraps my legs around him again, walking me into the shower. He pushes me against the cold tile of the shower wall, and I can feel his hard length pressing between my thighs. 
I feel his canines slide over my mate mark and my body clenches in pleasure. “Someday soon, I’ll sink my teeth into this pretty little neck so all the world will know you are mine, Lily bud.” His voice is deep. 
and I know that Donovan is forward. 
“Why don’t you sink them somewhere else for now?” 
I don’t know what made me say it, but Clint doesn’t hesitate. He reaches down, taking my nipple in his 
mouth and gently sliding his canines into my breast, sucking and licking my nipple at the same time. The feeling of pleasure and pain is so exquisite that I cum, just from that, my body clenching, aching to squeeze around his length. I shout his name and feel his body contract. Warm, sticky liquid squirts 
against my thighs as he continues to milk his canines into my breast. 
GET IT 
###Chapter 559
When he finally pulls his teeth from my breast, he licks the wound closed. He leans his head against mine. “You are so damn sexy, Lily bud. Thank you. Donovan and I will be much calmer tonight knowing that you will smell like us, even if it will only last until tomorrow.” 
“I will smell like you?” I ask. 
He runs his nose over the spot where he sank his teeth, humming softly. “You already do.” 
I like the idea of having Clint’s scent mixed with mine and so does Andra. Maybe that’s what makes me daring. “If you want, you can sink your canines into my other breast.” 
His eyes brighten as Donovan pushes forward immediately and I feel his excitement bump against my thigh. 
After giving me matching bite marks on each breast, making us both curn again and finally showering off the sweat from sparring and mess we made in the shower, we get ready for lunch. 
He takes my hand and leads me to where we will be eating. Because lunch is a more casual affair, Clint will be sitting with Anders and I will be sitting with Calista and some other pack mates. 
When we are seated there are two Alphas at our table including Alpha Fernando and his son Santiago. When I sit, I see Alpha Fernando’s nose wrinkle and he looks over at Clint. I guess it’s obvious who l smell like. I see Clint smirking from the corner of my eye. When I turn to look at him, he winks at me before focusing on the conversation at his table. 
Lunch is fairly uneventful. Calista is a master at guiding conversation and asking the Alphas at our table about themselves and their packs. I’m in awe of my friend. She’s usually so quiet, but in this
environment, she shines. I realize, once again, that she would make an amazing Luna. For my sake and for the sake of Canyon Ridge, I hope she’s Anders‘ mate. He’s certainly treating her as if she is. I guess both of us will find out in the next couple of weeks, her on the day of prom and me one week later. 
I have noticed Anders keeping an eye on her and she told me that she chose her black dress for tonight because he wanted to match for his birthday. When she asked him what he wanted for his birthday, he said the only thing he wanted was for her to be by his side as his date, so she agreed. 
After lunch, we all have some down time before the party tonight. Most of the Alphas decide to go lounge by the pool. Calista and I head to my room. It will take us some time to get ready for tonight. Clint has already moved his clothes to Anders‘ room so he can get ready there and give us space to get ready in 
his room. 
We put on our make–up then spend time putting our hair into formal updos. Calista curls her straight hair and then I pull it up, pinning it so that it cascades to her shoulders. We finish the look by braiding a small piece of her hair and pulling it over her head, so it looks like a headband. I anchor it to her curls on one side of her head with a delicate clip that looks like silver baby’s breath. 
Calista helps me with my hair. We keep my thick curls, but Cali pulls them up, creating a large, bun– style look. Because my hair is so thick, the bun is extensive and comes nearly to my shoulders. She adds a silver baby’s breath clip to my hair as well. 
When we get dressed, I am wearing a nude colored, floor length dress with spaghetti straps and a slit to my mid–thigh. The dress is layered with a lacy overlay that is covered in off–white embroidery that looks like vines covering my body. Call’s dress is black and elegant in its simplicity. It has a fitted bodice with spaghetti straps and a skirt that flairs out from her waist to her feet with a slit to her mid–thigh. Her
dress also has a sheer black overlay from the waist down, but you can only see it when the skirt flairs out around her. She will be stunning when she dances with Anders tonight. 
Just as 
we finish putting our shoes on, there is a knock on the door. 
“Come in.” I call out, knowing it’s Anders and Clint. 
When they walk in, both of them stop short. My heart stutters at the absolute love and adoration I see in 
Clint’s eyes. 
“We must be the luckiest men in the world.” Anders says, but his eyes never leave Cali. 
“Yes, we are.” Clint agrees, before they both hold out their arms to us. 
We walk to them, taking their arms and head down to Anders’s party. 
Cooper 
Author 
One more night with the Alphas. What do you think of Lily letting Clint leave his scent on her? 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
###Chapter 560
While Calista and Lily were getting ready for Anders” party, he and I had our own plans to prepare. 
“So, what’s the play?” He asks me, as I tuck the guitar behind the podium on the stage. 
“I was thinking, it might work if it looks like I’m going to give you a toast, but instead, I begin serenading 
Lily.” 
“You know it’s a risk that she might shoot you down in front of everyone.” 
I had thought of that, but I don’t think she will. I’m feeling more confident since this morning. If she’s 
willing to let me scent her in such a bold and sexual way. I’m hoping she’ll agree to go to prom with me. 
“It is, but it’s a calculated risk and I’m hoping I’ve done my calculations properly.” 
Anders shakes his head and chuckles. “Well, at least you’re a better singer than I am. You won’t ruin 
everyone’s evening with your voice.” 
“Hey, I’ve gotten pretty good on the guitar too.” 
He raises an eyebrow at me. “Do you know any songs other than the one you’re singing tonight? 
Because I’m pretty sure I could play that tune by now, I’ve heard it so many times.” 
“I only need to know the one song. If she likes it, I’ll learn more and play them for her every night.” 
“Goddess, help us all. Let’s hope she doesn’t want more songs.”
When we have it set up and we’re both comfortable with how the events will play out, we head up to his room to get ready. We’re both wearing suits tonight as is the custom for formal events such as this. Anders is in standard black suit with a white dress shirt. I, however, wanted to match Lily, so I bought a off–white dress shirt to go with my black suit. I checked it against her dress to make sure it was a match. Not only will my scent be mixed with hers tonight, but we’ll look like a couple in our matching attire. 
When we finish, we go to get our girls and I think both of us are stunned at their beauty. I know my mate is gorgeous. But tonight, she’s beyond stunning. I’m doubly thankful my scent is mixed with hers. Even if she wasn’t a Guardian, every Alpha here would want her. 
I spare a glance at Calista. She is the epitome of a perfect Luna. In a week, Anders will be able to officially mark her if she agrees. He’s been doing his best to make sure that happens. From everything I know about her, she’ll be perfect for the position, and I couldn’t be happier for my friend. 
When we walk into the ballroom, decorated for tonight’s festivities, I can sense every Alpha’s envy. They 
want our mates, one a powerful Guardian, and one a perfect Luna. 
Patrick and Olivia come over immediately and greet us, welcoming Calista and Lily to the party, Olivia hugging them before hugging Anders and me. Patrick shakes our hands and guides us to the stage. 
“Good evening, everyone. Tonight, we celebrate my son’s 18th birthday. In just a couple of months, after 
he finishes school, I will transfer the Alpha title to him. But tonight, we thank you for being here to
celebrate my son officially becoming an adult.” 
Everyone claps, and Anders moves to the microphone, bringing Calista with him. He’s claiming her in front of these other Alphas. I take this opportunity to follow Patrick and Olivia and guide Lily off the stage. 
After Anders finishes his speech, I leave Lily beside Patrick, Calvin and Lyle moving closer to guard her, while I go on stage. Anders slaps a hand on my shoulder as he passes me, giving me a smile. This is it. 
I walk up to the microphone. “As all of you know, Anders and I have been friends our entire life. He is like a brother to me, and I couldn’t be happier to celebrate with him, here tonight.” Everyone claps at that. 
“However, there is someone else I would like to acknowledge this evening. This person is even mor important to me than Anders. She has my whole heart and will have it for the rest of our lives.” 
I look at Lily and her eyes have gone wide. I reach down and pull the guitar out, putting the strap over my shoulder and attaching the mini microphone to the strap of the guitar. I strum out the first notes of the song before I begin, walking toward Lily. 
Commentaires 
Voter (82K) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 561
-September lily 
Come here and kiss me 
That’s an order 
September lily 
Come here and kiss met 
Please think about me 
But only the good things 
Like a mother 
And the truth of it is 
I wonder am I beautiful enough 
For you to kiss me true” 
The song has lyrics about the reasons for her tears and asking her to marry me. I sing them all, never 
taking my eyes off hers. I watch as hers fill with tears. 
I modify the final lyrics as I get down on one knee in front of her and her eyes get impossibly wider, Andra shining through them. 
“September lily
My Lily bud 
Please say you’ll go 
To Prom with me.” 
I finish the song, strumming the final notes and wait for her answer. The entire room has gone quiet. I 
have an instant of fear that she’ll reject me before she starts laughing, tears falling from her eyes. 
“You are crazy. But yes. Yes, I’ll go to prom with you.” 
I jump up, pushing the guitar behind my back and pick her up, swinging her around as I kiss her. I hear polite applause behind me, but I don’t care. My mate agreed to go to Prom with me. Every Alpha in the 
room can suck it. She’s mine. 
The rest of the night, I keep Lily by my side except for the one dance that Alpha Eric insisted she promised him. I take the opportunity to dance with Luna Olivia. It keeps me closer to Lily. But while I 
thought I would be able to listen into their conversation, Olivia has other ideas.. 
“That was a p 
reyes. 
a pretty clear claim on Lily. Clint.” I focus my attention on my Luna, looking down into her 
“Yes, Donovan recognized her as his mate the first time we saw her after we turned 18. Since then, I’ve been trying to convince her that I was worthy of being her mate.” 
She nods. “And you didn’t notice until after your birthday?”
“I didn’t, but I wasn’t looking for my mate, nor was I paying attention. I didn’t think I’d find her until after my birthday.” 
“But Donovan definitely recognized her as your mate after your birthday?” She asks me and I look where she’s looking, seeing Anders dancing with Calista. He has the look on his face that I imagine that I have 
when Lily is in my arms. 
“Yes.” I answer her question, knowing she’s trying to figure out if Zakai has recognized Calista and Shali as their mate. I know he has, Anders told me so, but that’s not for me to tell his mother. If he didn’t tell 
her, there’s a reason, and I’m guessing it’s to keep her from putting her nose in the situation. 
“Calista turns 18 next weekend, doesn’t she?” 
“Yes, she does.” I say, my lips twitching at my Luna’s attempt to meddle in her son’s love life. 
She must hear the smile in my voice because her laser focus returns to me. “And when is Lily’s birthday?” 
“Two weeks.” I lean in, whispering in her ear. “And I can’t wait until she recognizes me as her mate, and I 
can mark her as mine.” 
She smiles at me a moment. “What do you think it means that two Guardians are fated? And that those 
Guardians are both in our pack?”
I shrug. Anders, Patrick and Calvin have all asked this same question. “It could be the Moon Goddess wanting her children to come together in a way they never have before. Or maybe it was always meant to be this way and selfish Alphas kept them apart. I guess it’s also possible that something bad is coming and we’ll need two Guardians to fight it off, but I don’t think so.” 
“I like this new you, Clint. You’re still confident, but without the arrogance.” 
“My mate has made me want to be a better man for her and for our future pups.” 
Olivia chokes at that. “It’s a bit soon for that, isn’t it?” 
I shrug again. “I want an eternity with Lily. That means a family and a beautiful life together. I want it all everything. I never did before, but with her, I do.” I say, looking over at my mate. She must feel my stare 
because she looks at me and gives me a radiant smile. 
How could anyone say no to Clint
###Chapter 562
How could anyone say no to Clint when he sang me a song in front of our entire pack and nine neighboring Alphas, I may not have spent any time with Clint before he realized I was his mate, but I know that he never, ever, treated another she–wolf like he treats me. 
His claim is so blatant, his song is so sweet, that my heart melts. I said before that I hoped that he was my mate. It’s impossible for me not to believe him when he says he is. Other than the ‘Anna incident‘. he’s been nothing but perfect. 
When Alpha Eric convinces me to dance, he reinforces just how significant Clint’s gesture was. “I’ve seen several Alphas claim their mates. But no one has been quite so public about it unless it’s at the moment where they both recognize each other. I’ve never seen it when one of the mates is underage.” 
I can’t help the smile that spreads across my face. “He’s been pretty amazing.” 
“How lond 
long before you turn 187” 
I refocus on him. “Two weeks.” 
“Well, if things go south with him.” He wags his eyebrows at me. 
I can’t help but laugh at his antics. “Somehow, I think there is a very special someone for you.” 
“If I’m being honest. I’m losing hope. It won’t be long before I have to take a chosen mate or go feral and
I have no intention of doing that to my pack or forcing my Beta to put me down.” 
“Well, I can’t say that I know what the mate bond feels like, not really. But I can tell you what it’s like being on the receiving end of someone who says they’re your mate. I don’t know how a chosen mate could compare to that.” I say, as I look over and see Clint watching me. I put every bit of happiness he’s given me tonight into my smile. 
When the dance ends, Alpha Eric kisses my hand. None of the other Alphas dare to approach me and 
Clint stays by my side the entire night. 
The next day, the Alphas begin leaving early. Those that don’t, leave soon after breakfast. Alpha Leander and Luna Estella let us know that they will invite us to meet the new Alpha heir when he or she is born. 
Our alliance with Shadow Falls is strong, and I hope that it always remains that way. 
After they are gone, I thought we would be able to relax, but Clint has different ideas. 
“Okay, Lily bud. I talked to Patrick, and you are going to start sparring against two warriors at once. We’ll 
see how it goes and then we’ll bump you up to three and four and so on until you max out.” 
“Are you trying to kill me?” I ask, only half joking. 
“Nope, haven’t you heard? What doesn’t kill you, makes you stronger. And I plan to make you stronger, Lily bud.” 
True to his word, the next week is grueling. I’m sparring against two warriors all morning, we’re coming to the end of the school year, so teachers are piling the workload on us and in the afternoon, Clint is
pushing me like some sort of crazed military boot camp drill instructor. 
Friday night, I plead out of studying to spend some time with Calista. Tomorrow is her 18th birthday, so I wanted to get her something special. Clint had asked what I planned to do and when I told him, he asked if he could pay for the gift and put his name on it too. I agreed, especially since I have limited funds. 
After dinner on Friday, Anders, Calista, Clint and I go sit out on the back patio. Anders prepared a spot that is separated from the rest, so we’d have a bit of privacy. I know she’s going to spend the morning with her parents before coming over to get ready for Prom. The guys have something planned, but they’ve refused to tell us what it is. 
After we sit down, I hand Calista the gift from me and Clint. After talking about it, Clint wanted to add a second gift, and I agreed. The first gift is a picture of me and Cali. It was when we were in Maine and we are standing in front of the marina in the quaint town where we stayed. That weekend was so special, I wanted to memorialize it for her. 
Commentaires 
Voter (82) 
###Chapter 563
She gets teary eyed when she sees it before holding it against her chest and thanking me. She sets it down and pulls me in for a hug. I love you, Lily.” 
“I love you too, Cali.” I tell her. 
Next, she opens the second picture that Clint wanted to get her. It’s a great picture, I just wasn’t sure how she’d feel about it, but Clint was persistent. When she opens it, she holds it for a moment, just staring at it. I look at Clint, but he’s focused on Cali. 
I see a tear roll down her face and see her trying to swallow what must be a lump in her throat. “It’s perfect.” She says, looking up at Anders. It’s a picture of the two of them. Anders had said something to Call, and she has her head thrown back in laughter in a rare moment of uninhibited joy. While that would make the picture beautiful by itself, the look that Anders is giving her makes it even better. It’s intense, full of love and admiration. He isn’t looking at the camera, you can tell he only has eyes for her. 
Anders reaches out and wipes the tears from her cheeks. “Will you open mine?” 
She nods, wiping her tears with the back of her hand. She looks at the picture once more before thanking us and placing it on the table, taking the box that Anders gives to her. Based on the size, I’m guessing he got her jewelry. 
I look at Clint and I can tell he’s already seen it. I haven’t, so I lean forward while she opens the box. When she does, we both gasp. It’s an earring and necklace set with an aquamarine stone surrounded by 
sapphires. It’s exactly what her eyes look like when Shali is shining in them. 
“Oh Cali. It’s beautiful.” I say.
“I love you, Calista.” Anders says and leans in, kissing her softly. As the kiss deepens, Clint nudges me 
and we quietly leave them to celebrate alone. 
When we get far enough away, I turn to Clint. “He’s her mate, isn’t he?” 
He shrugs, not willing to answer me. I push him against a tree, pinning him with my hips. “Yes or no, Clint 
Nelson.” 
I see the challenge in his eyes. “What if I refuse to tell you, Lily bud. After all, you only have a few hours 
left until you’ll know for sure.” 
I pout. “I thought mates wanted to give their mates everything?” 
He chuckles at me. “Nice try. I will give you the world, but for this, you just have to be patient.” 
I lean in, nipping his bottom lip. I watch as his eyes darken. “What will it take. Mate.” Donovan flashes in 
his eyes and in an instant, our positions are reversed, and he has me pinned against the tree, one of his legs between mine. I can feel his hard length pressed against my stomach. 
“Say it again.” His voice is deep with Donovan’s, but rough and ragged. 
+15 ROHS 
“What? Mate?” I say in a purring tone, rubbing my nose against his neck before moving to his ear.” Mate.” I whisper licking his ear lobe into my mouth and gently nibbling on it. I feel his dick twitch against
my stomach. 
“Won’t you tell me?” I say, moving down to his mate mark and licking the spot that in a week, I hope to be sinking my canines into. 
“Yes.” He says and this time it’s breathy, needy. 
“Yes what, my sexy mate?” 
“Yes, she’s his mate, just as you are mine.” 
“I am yours, mate.” 
He growls, before taking my mouth in a scorching kiss, leaving me breathless. “In one week Lily bud, one week, you will be mine and this pretty little neck of yours will wear my mark so everyone knows it.” 
“I can’t wait, mate.” 
The next morning, I catch Cali leaving Anders room. She’s wearing his clothes and his mate mark on her 
neck. 
Cooper Author 
Calista and Anders are mated! Only one more week before Lily fully recognizes Clint as her mate. Updates. daily. 
Commentaires 
Voter (ex).
###Chapter 564
The week before Lily’s birthday must be the slowest of my life. All I want is for Sunday to arrive so I can claim her as mine for all the world to see. 
Anders wasted no time marking Calista. He made sure they were together at midnight and Shall recognized him immediately. By morning, she was officially our future Luna. Olivia and Patrick couldn’t be happier, and plans for the Alpha and Luna ceremonies have started. Calista officially moved in the day after her birthday, her parents thrilled that she is Anders‘ mate. 
Prom was wonderful. I got to dance with my mate all night. She looked stunning and I couldn’t tear my eyes away from her. Anders and I got hotel rooms and enjoyed the private time with our mates. While ! want nothing more than to bury myself in my mate, I want to make her birthday special, so I held off. 
I think she was surprised, but she didn’t fight me. It’s good that she didn’t because I have very little restraint when it comes to Lily. I did, however, sink my teeth into her tight ass cheek. She says she has no curves, but she does. My mate will never be considered voluptuous, but she’s perfect for me. And having my venom in her again, having my scent mixed with hers, even for a short time, made me happy. 
The week before her birthday is filled with final exams. It’s the seniors last week of school. So, between training, where I have Lily battling three warriors at a time now, finals, and our evening warrior training. you’d think my days would go quickly, but they don’t. Or at least, not quickly enough for me. 
Olivia and Naomi are planning a party for Lily. Since she is a Guardian, her birthday is a big deal for the entire pack. Everyone is invited, including her parents. I was against it, but Patrick overruled me. 
I spend as much time with Lily as I can on Saturday. But, while she is distracted by party preparations. I slip away, heading to our room. I grab the blankets that were our bed for weeks on the roof and leave a
card on the bed for her. I tell her to meet me at the lake at midnight. 
I go to the lake, preparing a romantic spot, where I can show Lily how much I love her, want her and can make her mine under the moon and stars. As the midnight hour draws near, I light some candles and 
wait for her. 
When I hear her soft footfalls. I walk toward her. As soon as she sees me, I know she feels it. Andra pushes forward and Donovan does as well. 
“Mate.” She says, looking at me with awe and love. So much love. She runs into my arms, wrapping herself around me, claiming my mouth in a fiery kiss that leaves us both panting. 
Her scent of orange blossoms and ginger is so much stronger now. It surrounds me, infusing into my pores, into my very essence. Very soon, this scent will be mixed with mine forever, and I can’t wait. 
I carry her over to the blankets, laying her down gently. I sit back, caressing her face, and just looking at her. Her answering blush is perfect. 
“I’m going to make you mine tonight, Lily bud.” 
“About time.” My sassy mate says to me. 
I start at the top of her head, taking my time, kissing both her eyes, her nose, the corners of her mouth. and finally her lips. I slowly move my way down her throat, as she lifts her neck, giving me perfect access to her most vulnerable body part. Her submission has Donovan growling in my chest, and we gently nip her throat before licking and sucking on her mate mark, making my perfect mate moan in pleasure and press her body up against mine.
She tugs on my shirt, and I pull it over my head and pull off my pants before sliding my hand up her thigh. She’s wearing a dress and I assume this was purposeful. She would have known she would recognize me as her mate and wanted to complete the bond. The dress makes it easier. As I lift her thigh, wrapping it around my waist, I can smell the sweet scent of her arousal. Her scent is so much stronger now that it makes it almost impossible for me to continue at my slow pace. I want to devour her, plunge my hard length into her, sink my teeth into her, taking everything that she has and giving her everything that I am 
in return. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2x) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 565
But this first time only happens one time and 1 force myself to focus. As my hand continues its way up her thigh, I realize my mate had other plans. I lift my head up, looking down at her hip before looking back
up at her.
“No panties7”
“They would just be in the way.” She says breathily, but the look in her eyes is full of desire. Desire for 1. me.
I growl again, before pushing the dress up higher. No bra either. My mate is seriously pushing the edges of my patience and my sanity.
I slide the dress up and over her head, sitting back and looking down at my mate spread before me.” Were you in a hurry, my sweet mate?”
“Yes. I’ve waited long enough to make you mine, mate.”
Looking down at her, I run my hands from her toes, up her calves to her thighs, over her hips and her flat stomach, caressing her breasts and feeling her nipples peak under my hands before moving up to her shoulders and down her arms.
“You are so beautiful. I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but I’m so glad that I did it.”
I pull her leg up and never taking my eyes off hers, I begin kissing my way from her ankle to her calf, licking behind her knee before nipping and kissing my way down her thigh. I can’t help but slide my tongue over her pussy lips. They are glistening with her arousal and her smell and taste are making my head spin. Nothing has ever tasted as good as my mate does right now.
I hadn’t planned to stop here, but I have to have more of her. I dive between her legs, devouring her. She pushes her hips up, giving me better access to her. I slide my hands under backside and lick my way to her clit, sucking it into my mouth.
Her moans of pleasure mix with the late-night sounds of the forest and the lapping sounds of the water from the lake beside us. I could feast on her all night, but I have a mark to put on her. I slide two fingers inside her, making sure she’s ready for me. She’s soaking wet, her body on the edge of release.
“Clint.” Her panting moan makes me growl against her, causing her to go over the edge, her inner walls clamping down on my fingers.
“Clint!” Mmmm, I love hearing my name screamed from my mate’s lips when I’m giving her pleasure. I look forward to hearing that sound for the rest of my life.
I don’t wait for her ride out her pleasure. I’m not done with her yet. When I pull off her clit, sliding my fingers out of her, her eyes open and focus on me. “Make me yours.”
My control snaps. I thrust into her, taking her mouth in a savage kiss. I want everything, all of her. When her whimpers turn to moans and she begins rocking her hips against mine, I start to move in and out of her. Her body is warm and wet around me, and it feels like I’ve died and gone to place where there is nothing but Lily, me and this ecstasy.
I pull her leg up, pressing her knee to her chest, plunging even deeper into her core. I clench my teeth and hold out until I feel her body clamp down on mine, the force of her orgasm pushing me over the edge. I feel my gums tingle and this time, when my canines extend, I sink them into her neck.
The feeling of my teeth burying into her mating spot is almost as intense as being balls deep inside her. I feel the venom of my canines milking into her at the same speed my cock is releasing inside her. The feeling is so strong, I almost black out. An instant later, I feel her canines sink into my neck, milking into my mate mark. The pure rapture of feeling our minds and bodies connect as one, has both of us shooting off again. I roar my release into her neck, our bodies convulsing with our pleasure.
When we finally come down, we pull our teeth from each other’s necks licking the wounds closed. “You're mine now, Lily bud. Forever.”
Cooper
Author
Marked and mated! 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
Lik
###Chapter 566
I knew as I was walking to the lake that Clint was my mate. His scent of apple pie was so much stronger than before. And when I saw him, Andra said the word he’s been waiting to hear for months. Mate. 
Everything that was good about Clint is now amplified, his scent, his voice, his hands roaming over my body sending tingling sensations everywhere. I can’t wait to complete our mate bond. I knew I wanted him before, but it was nothing compared to this. 
When he’s finally inside me, when our teeth are buried in each other’s mate marks, the feeling is like nothing I could have ever imagined, nothing you can explain to someone that hasn’t experienced it. Sex with Clint was fantastic before, and it doesn’t even come close to this. 
We make love for hours, exploring, touching, tasting. I want to do and have everything with my mate. I want to experience it all and every time is just as amazing as the first time. I can’t ever foresee a time when I will not want him to touch me, when I won’t respond to his touch exactly like I am tonight. 
A couple of hours before sunrise, we shift and give Donovan and Andra their time to mate and connect. While I’m happy for Andra, it feels a little voyeuristic to be front and center while they are going at it. So, I 
pull back, Clint keeping me company through the mind link. 
I knew Lwas falling for him before, but this feeling of love, it’s almost overwhelming. 
“How did you wait for two months for me to turn 18?” I ask him, after getting distracted by Donovan sinking his teeth into Andra’s neck, marking her.
“I spent every possible moment with you that I could. Now you see why sitting next to you in class, riding to and from school with you, training with you was imperative in my day. It was the only way to keep Donovan calm and keep me from losing my shit having you around all those unmated males.” 
“Well, you don’t have to worry about that anymore, do you?” 
“No, you are all mine, Lily bud.” 
“And mine.” Donovan says in our link. 
“And Clint is mine.” Andra adds. 
“Are you two done?” Clint asks them. 
“For now.” Andra says, rubbing herself against Donovan. 
“Did you mark Donovan? I closed my eyes after he marked you.” I ask my wolf. 
“Donovan is officially mine and any she–wolf that thinks she can have him will answer to me.” She 
growls 
Donovan licks her face, rubbing his body across hers, scenting her. “There is no one for me, but you.” 
Clint and I shift back as the sun begins to rise. We get dressed grab the blankets and candles and walk back to the packhouse hand in hand. “Shall we get some steep before we have to get up for training?” ↑ 
“I got Patrick to agree to a day off for the two of us. It is your birthday after all, and he knows that you’re my mate. He figured we’d be otherwise occupied.”
“Mmmm, does that mean that we aren’t expected to be anywhere until my party this evening?” I ask him. 
“That’s exactly what it means. Why? Does my insatiable mate want something from me?” 
“I want everything from you. But right now, I want you to take me again in the shower.” 
He throws me over his shoulder, smacking my ass before running into the packhouse and up to our room. Later that morning. I hear my phone ping. Clint is wrapped around me, sleeping, like I should be. 
I grab my phone and see a text from my mother. 
Mom: Happy birthday, sweetheart. 
I haven’t spoken to my mother since I moved into the packhouse. She has never once reached out to me. 
Me: Thanks, Mom. Will I see you tonight? 
Mom: Well, that’s why I was reaching out. Your father is uncomfortable coming to the packhouse for your party because of everything that has happened recently. I was hoping that I could meet up with you before your party. I have a gift for you. 
I’m not surprised my father isn’t comfortable coming to the packhouse. Everyone in the pack knows what he did. I appreciate the olive branch my mother is extending. Maybe she and I can start fresh. I’m not ready to forgive my father yet, but I would like to have a relationship with my mother. 
GET IT
Commentaires 
Voter (2K) 
15 DONUS 
###Chapter 567
Me: Sure. Should I come to the house? 
Mom: Actually, I don’t want your father to know. Could you meet me behind the lake? 
So, I won’t be having a relationship with my mother, at least not while my father forbids it. I’m sad, but glad that she’s at least willing to recognize me on my birthday. Maybe I can at least get a hug from her. 
Me: Sure. What time? 
Mom: Your party is in a couple of hours, so how about now? 
I turn and look at Clint still sleeping behind me. Maybe he won’t notice that I’m gone. 
Me: Sure mom, I’ll be there in about 20 minutes. 
I slide out of bed, pulling my pillow down and smiling as Clint wraps himself around it. I put on a pair of shorts and one of Clint’s shirts, tying it at the waist so it doesn’t hang down too long. I grab my shoes and slip out the door, closing it quietly so it doesn’t wake him. 
As I head out, I run my fingers through my hair, finger combing it as I head out to the lake. I wave at a couple of people and when I get to the lake, I can’t help but smile at the spot where Clint and I completed our mate bond early this morning. 
I walk around to the back side of the lake, looking around for my mother. 
“Mom?” 
I raise my nose in the air and the minute I smell him, I turn to run. When I do, my father is there, blocking
my way. Behind me, Alpha Mahli and several of his warriors come out of the woods. 
“Clint!” I scream in our mind link. I can take some of these men, but not all of them. 
“Hello again, Darling. I have come to take what is mine. Your father promised me your hand and I have 
paid handsomely for you.” 
“I am not a commodity to be paid for and I am not yours.” 
I feel my father move toward me from behind. I turn, grabbing his arm and swinging him to the ground. I underestimated him though, and he had a syringe in both hands. While I am taking him down, the hand I 
don’t have comes up and jams a syringe of liquid silver into my ribcage. 
I immediately release my hold on my father, grabbing my side. The pain of the silver is making it hard to 
breathe. 
“You idiot! If you kill her, the deal is off.” Alpha Mahli says to my father. 
“Lily, where are you? I’m on my way.” Clint says in the mind link 
“Lake.” I say, and I think the needle must have punctured my lung. I feel like I’m breathing silver. 
“Hold on. I’m almost there.” 
“My wife heard that Lily is resistant to silver. She won’t die, but she’s immune to wolfsbane. This is the 
only way to subdue her.” My father says.
Alpha Mahli walks over to me. I try to take a step back, but my father reaches up, holding me in place. 
“Was mother in on this too, or did you force her to send that message?” I spit out at my father. 
“Your mother loves me. She doesn’t want to see me get torn apart by loan sharks.” 
“Maybe you should have thought of that before you gambled everything away.” I say as Alpha Mahli comes up in front of me. 
“Why does she smell like the other Guardian?” Alpha Mahli asks. 
“She’s wearing his shirt.” My father says. 
And suddenly it dawns on me. They don’t know. They have no idea that I’m already marked. They’re too late. Clint and I meeting at midnight last night just saved me from being marked by Alpha Mahli. 
I reach up and pull Clint’s shirt from my neck. “Or it could be that I’m already marked and mated.” I start to laugh at the shock and surprise on their faces. 
My father whips me around, yanking the shirt down. Seeing my mate mark, his hand flies out to punch me in the face. A moment before he makes contact, his hand stops. 
“Touch my mate ever again, and I will fucking end you.” 
Cooper Author 
Wow, mom and dad are a piece of work! But Alpha Mahil is too late. Updates daily. 
Commentaires 
Voter (620)
? 
###Chapter 568
I woke up to find that Lily was gone. The pillow in her place not providing the same sense of calm that having her body next to mine does. I was just getting dressed to go find her when her panicked scream came through the mind link. 
I reached out to Anders, telling him that Lily was in trouble. She must have gone off on her own, knowing 
that she was marked, but no one else knows that. 
When she tells me she’s at the lake. I open my mind link to all the warriors, Anders, Patrick and Calvin, letting them know that Lily is at the lake and in trouble. 
I don’t wait for them to respond, I rush out the back door, shifting into Donovan as I jump off the back step. We race to the lake, catching the scent of Aaron Raines and Alpha Mahli. That asshole will pay for this. He’s still trying to sell his daughter to pay for his debts. 
I hear Lily tell them she’s already marked and mated a moment before I see Aaron’s arm shoot up to hit her. I shift back, grabbing his arm, threatening his life if he ever lays a hand on her again. Rather than dealing with him, I punch him in the face, knocking him out. 
Lily’s mom rushes over, leaning over her husband. “You killed him!” She screams. 
“Mother, you idiot. If he were dead, you’d feel it. Clint just knocked him out.” Lily says and I can tell something is wrong. Her voice is off, her lungs rattling like they have fluid in them. 
I turn, pulling her into my arms as I glare at Alpha Mahli. “As you have seen, Lily is marked and mated. 
You can’t have her.”
“Well, this presents a predicament, seeing has how I paid in advance for a Guardian mate.” He says. 
looking at Aaron. 
I couldn’t care less what happens to Aaron. But something is definitely wrong with my mate. She’s leaning against me, and her breathing is ragged. 
Anders and Patrick arrive and taking in the situation quickly, they confront Alpha Mahli, but I need to find out what’s wrong with Lily. When I ask her, she can’t even answer me. I can feel her pain emanating from her lungs. 
I pick her up, but as I turn to leave, it’s Alpha Mahli that answers. “Her father injected her with liquid silver, but he did it in her side. He may have punctured her lung.” 
I feel my heart stop. I turn and race for the pack hospital I don’t know if there is anything they can do for her, but I can’t lose her when I just finally made her mine. 
When I get to the pack hospital I realize that someone must have alerted them. They are waiting for me. They begin to ask Lily questions, but she can’t answer, and when she tries, she begins coughing uncontrollably. 
I tell them what we know, and I carry Lily back to a room where we can get x–rays of her lungs. I make sure they keep her sitting up, so she doesn’t feel like she’s drowning in silver. Her breathing is labored, and I can tell the lack of oxygen is affecting her. 
When the doctor comes back in, he doesn’t have good news. He puts her x–rays up on the screen and shows me that there is indeed silver in her right lung, making it practically unusable. 
“What can we do?” I ask him.
“The only possible option is to remove the silver from her lung.” 
I look at him. “How can we do that?” 
“The same way it went in, we put a needle into her lung and draw it out. But there are potential complications. She’ll still have silver residue in her lung and now she’ll have two puncture wounds in that lung. It may not heal, and it will most likely collapse, at least temporarily. If that doesn’t work, we may have to put a tube into her lung or try to aspirate the silver some other way.” 
“Do it, do whatever needs to be done to help her heal.” 
“Okay, we’ll get started. Lily Raines, right? Is there anyone that we should…” 
“Nelson.” I cut the doctor off. 
“Pardon?” 
“Lily Nelson, not Lily Raines.” 
“She’s your mate?” 
“Yes.” 
“Well then, having you here will be a good thing for her. It will help her heal. I’ll get a surgery room ready We’ll have to sedate her to do this procedure. I’ll be back in a moment to get her.” 
When he leaves, I lean over Lily. I’m not sure if she’s conscious or can hear me, but I want her to kno that I’m here. “I’ll be with you every step of the way. Lily. I promise. I’ll be right here.” 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2x) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 569
When they come for her. I follow them into the surgery room. “If you are going to be in here, you need to stay out of my way. The doctor tells me, and I move to stand by her head, my fingers running through her hair, I just need to touch her and hopefully, she feel my touch and it will help to calm her. 
They sedate her but when he begins to cut her top off, I can’t help the growl that leaves my mouth. He stops and looks at me. “In this hospital I am in charge, Guardian. You either stay out of my way or get 
out and let me do my job.” 
I rein Donovan in and let him get back to work. I watch as he pulls up a live camera feed attached to the needle He makes an incision then pushes the needle and camera into her side. He slowly and methodically moves the needle until it is at the bottom of her lung. After he gently pushes the needle in. he slowly begins to pull the plunger on the needle, suctioning the silver out of Lily’s lung. 
When he’s done, he pulls the needle from her body, leaving the camera, before wiping the trickle of blood caused by the needle. He watches her body on the screen before sighing. “As I expected, the suctioning process and the silver itself has forced the collapse of her lung. We will keep her sedated for now, so she doesn’t struggle to breathe.” 
He pulls the camera from her body and looks at me. “You are welcome to stay with her and it’s probably the best–medicine we can give her. I’m going to give her some oxygen and tomorrow we’ll see if there is any improvement. I can’t begin to try to reinflate the lung until the punctures have healed.” 
“I understand.” I say and follow the medical assistants as they push Lily to a recovery room. 
I lay down beside her on the bed, talking to her, letting her know I’m here. After a while, Anders and
Patrick come in. 
“We just got a status update on Lily. Any change?” 
“Nothing yet. What happened to Aaron and Alpha Mahli?” 
“Aaron and his wife are in the cells awaiting my verdict.” Patrick says, looking at Lily before turning back 
to me. “I’m going to banish them.” 
If I wasn’t laying beside my comatose mate, I would have blown up at him. As it is, I lean in, kissing her temple and telling her I’ll be right back before sliding off the bed and covering her. I motion for Anders and Patrick to join me outside. 
As soon as her door closes, I turn on Patrick. “He nearly killed his daughter and you’re only going to 
banish him?” 
“Alpha Mahli has already put a bounty on his head. I doubt he will survive a week, but this way, Lily won’t blame me, you, Dad or this pack for the death of her parents.” Anders says. 
Patrick nods. “Not wanting a relationship with her parents is very different than wanting them dead. 
Anders and I discussed what Lily would want it she were awake. This is more for her than it is for them.” 
I have my hands on my hips, but my shoulders relax and my head drops. They’re right. Lily wouldn’t want to see them dead, and she would struggle to know that the Alpha and pack she loves, ordered their death. 
When I come to terms with their decision, I look back up. “What about Alpha Mahli?”
“Technically, he didn’t commit any crimes. A pack member invited him on our pack lands and he paid one of our pack members a lot of money. I also took into consideration that he probably saved Lily’s life by telling us what Aaron did. I don’t like his methods, but he didn’t mean any harm to come to Lily. However, I let him know that he is now an enemy of our pack and if he or any of his pack ever enter territory again, they will be killed on site.” 
“When will you be banishing the Raines‘?” I ask. 
r our 
“Tonight. I’ve called the entire pack to witness what happens when one of our pack members threaten 
another.” 
“If you want to be there, Cali will come stay with Lily. I think she’s planning to come by anyway.” Ande 
says. 
“I’ll think about it.” 
“She’ll be okay. She’s a Guardian and she has her mate by her side.” 
They turn to leave, and I return to my mate, crawling into bed and curling myself around her. 
Cooper 
Author 
Well Aaron Raines is a piece of work. What do you think of Patrick and Anders‘ decision to banish them instead of killing them for what they did to Lily?
Commentaires 
Vbter (82). 
###Chapter 570
When i wake up, my lungs are cilli burring, but the scent of apple pie and the feeling of my mate wrapped around me in my hospital bed soothes the ache in my lanas. The doctors run a bunch of tests and are shocked at how quickly I have healed. A serious silver injury like this should have had me out for weeks. I don’t feel great, but I definitely feel better. 
I find out what happened in the two days I was out. My parents were banished on the evening of my birthday Clint told me that Call stayed with me while he went to watch. My father apparently shouted obscenities to everyone in the pack, but specifically at Clint while my mother sobbed but followed my father off the pack lands. 
I 
The doctors keep me another day after I wake up, watching me as I cough up silver residue. The punctures in my lungs have healed and my collapsed lung has repaired itself. The doctors were concerned that the excessive coughing might cause it to collapse again, but as the day goes on, my coughing gets lighter and lighter. Clint never leaves my side. 
The doctors release me in time for graduation. Most of the pack is there to watch as their future Alpha. Luna and two Guardians graduate. Afterwards the pack has a huge party, and they add my birthday party in. It’s a festive night and the best part was getting to sleep beside my mate in our bed. 
The day after our graduation, Alpha Patrick calls me and Clint into his office. Anders and Calvin are also there. “Lily, I have some news about your parents. I found out yesterday but didn’t want to say anything until I confirmed what I was told and I didn’t want to ruin your graduation party.” 
I tense up. This won’t be good. Clint is immediately there, pulling me into his lap and sharing my seat with me, his arms wrap around me in a ring of love and security. I lean back against him and nod my
head at Alpha Patrick to continue. 
“I received a call from Alpha Leander yesterday. His patrols found two individuals near their borders. They had been murdered and dumped in close proximity to Shadow Fall’s borders. Calvin went and 
confirmed that they were your parents.” My throat constricts and a single tear drops down my face. “I’m sorry Lily. I know they weren’t good parents, but they were your parents; and this must be hard for you.” 
Clint’s arms tighten around me. I turn in his lap, burying my face in his neck, breathing in his scent. My 
father was never a great father, but in the end his addiction tore our family apart and ended my parents‘ 
lives. 
Everyone waits while Clint murmurs to me, rubbing my back and my hair while I let me silent tears for my parents fall. When I’m done, I sniff, sitting up and looking back at Alpha Patrick. “Do you need me to confirm their identities?” I look at Beta Calvin. “Not that I don’t trust you, but I didn’t know if, as family, I needed to confirm that they are my parents.” 
Beta Calvin looks Alpha Patrick. It’s Alpha Patrick that responds. “Lily.” He stops, and I can see he’s struggling with how to tell me what he wants to say. Whatever it is, it’s bad. 
“There wasn’t enough left to identify your parents visually. Calvin had to do it based on scent.” 
I blink and I blink again. I feel my mouth opening and closing, trying to make words, but nothing comes 
out. 
“They were slaughtered? Even my mother?” I finally whisper.
“Yes, I’m afraid so.” 
I feel like I’m in shock. Maybe my father deserved that, but my mother didn’t. All she ever did was follow 
the mate bond and her love of my father. And it got her killed in the worst possible way. 
I pull out of Clint’s arms. I need to get out of this office now. “Thank you for telling me.” I 
dy and I race out the door. Clint is right behind me. He takes my hand and without a word, he pulls me down the stairs and out the back door. As soon as we’re outside, he picks me up and begins running. He takes me to the lake, our part of the lake where just a short week ago we spent hours making love. 
He sits down, keeping me in his lap. “I’m right here Lily bud.” That’s all he says. He sits with me for hours, letting me process my sadness and anger without saying a word. He lends me his strength and pours his love for me through the bond. 
When I finally come to terms with the fact that they are dead, he asks me if I want to do anything for them. Over the next week, I decide what I want to do, not necessarily to honor my father, but to make sure that this doesn’t happen to anyone again. 
I meet with Alpha Patrick, Anders and Clint and I tell him what I’d like to do. Our pack is known for its internal gambling. It’s a fun past–time that helps break up monotony when things are quiet and helps blow off steam during stressful times. However, there are times when people, like my father, become addicted. I tell them that I want to develop a program or some way that any people in our pack that become addicted to gambling, or begin to show concerning signs that they are getting in over their head financially, are identified early and get the help that they need. 
“I think that’s a fantastic idea Lily and I’m embarrased that I didn’t think of it myself. Calvin, Anders and I will talk about it and develop a plan to assist those that struggle with addiction.”
“Thank you, Alpha.” I say. 
When Clint and I leave the office, he looks at me, smiling. 
“What?” I ask him. 
Η 
“I’m not sure I’ve told you today how amazing you are. Every day, you do something that puts me in awe 
of you.” He pulls me into his arms, leaning down and giving me a soft kiss. 
“I seriously don’t know what I ever did to deserve such an incredible mate. You are the most 
extraordinary woman I’ve never met, and I am the luckiest man in the world.” 
“Are you going soft on me, Guardian?” 
Donovan growls softly, while Clint pushes his hips against me. “Do I feel soft to you, Guardian?” 
I laugh as Clint takes me to our room and shows me just how soft he hasn’t gotten. 
Clint and I get into a routine after graduation. We decide to wait to have children. We want to enjoy some time together, just the two of us. It works out great, because Anders and Calista have the same thought so the four of us get to spend lots of time together, enjoying our friendship and our mates. 
Cooper Author 
A great idea Lily! Sounds like the pack needed something like that. 
Updates daily.
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
###Chapter 571
In the two months before Anders takes over as Alpha, he and I, as well as Charles, Calvin’s son and Anders‘ intended Beta, begin a new schedule of training. Patrick is slowly passing things over to Anders and while we take the time we have to go away and spend with our mates, most of our time is spent taking over the duties of the pack. Anders had Lily and I take over morning training, letting us train together in the afternoons while he and Charles took over afternoon training. 
One day, as Anders and I were finishing up our training schedule, we walked toward the kitchen to find our mates for lunch. When I hear my mate’s snarling voice, I stop to hear what’s going on, pulling Anders” arm to get him to stop too. 
“Ladies. Are you so desperate and petty that you have to sit around the kitchen, talking about the good old days when you had your 15 minutes of heaven with someone that is no longer available and will 
never be yours? I mean, if it were me, and, of course, it’s not because I’m mated to a Guardian, but if it 
were me, I’d be more concerned about who was available that maybe I could actually have a chance with, not sitting around like a bunch of old maids talking of the days gone by. And, if the purpose of this 
conversation is to make your future Luna uncomfortable with the fact that her mate slept with someone 
other than her, rest assured that she already knows. But that is in the past. No one and nothing will take Anders away from Calista.” 
“Excuse me?” One of the she–wolves that Lily is addressing says. 
“Yes, you do need to be excused. All of you need to get a life. Get over it. You may have slept with
Anders. Maybe you slept with Clint. That was then, this is now bitches. Those men are off the market. Go 
find your own.” 
“And if we don’t?” Another girl stands up. Seriously? These she–wolves need to get a life. Anders and I haven’t been interested in anyone else in months. And no one will ever be able to turn our heads from our 
mates. 
“Not one of you even trains, do you really think I couldn’t take every one of you at once and not even break a sweat. Don’t embarrass yourselves any more than you already have.” I hear Lily say. 
“Lily.” I hear Calista’s soft voice say, just as Anders takes a step forward. I can see the anger on his face that pack members have been making his mate feel uncomfortable, but I know my mate has it under control. I grab his arm again, holding him back. 
“Ladies, I understand how difficult it must be for you. You wanted to be Luna, or perhaps you thought Anders loved you. But that’s not the case. I know any of you would take a chance to spend another night with my mate, and I can’t blame you for wanting that. Anders is an incredible lover. But he is mine. He will always be mine. It would be better if you recognized that and stop trying to make things in this pack uncomfortable with your constant chatter or your time with my mate.” Calista’s voice echoes down the hall. It’s obvious that as she speaks, Shali comes forward more and more. 
Anders pulls away again and he and I walk into the kitchen. As if we had planned it, we both come up 
I 
behind our mates, wrapping our arms around them.
“Let me be clear.” Anders says, running his nose up Calista’s neck and into her hair. “There is no one that I will ever want, other than my mate. She is everything to me. Anyone that hurts my mate, will answer to me.” His head comes up and he pins each of the she–wolves with his stare, his Alpha aura coming out and Zakai coming forward. “I will not tolerate any disrespect to my mate and your future 
Luna.” 
They all lift their necks in submission and a chorus of ‘Yes, Alphas ring out in the room. He turns Calistal in his arms and pulls her into a passionate kiss. Anders isn’t one for public displays of affection, so I know he’s making a point. Maybe the pack hasn’t seen how much he truly loves Calista, and he’s making sure they see it now. It doesn’t take long before Anders and Calista get lost in the kiss, forgetting about everything else around them. 
When the she–wolves leave, I lean down to my mate’s ear. “That was so hot.” 
She turns in my arms. “Which part?” She asks, while nipping at my throat. 
“All of it, but I especially like how you reminded them that you’re my mate.” 
“Hmmm.” She gets a contemplative look on her face. “Am I your mate? I forget. Maybe I need to be reminded.” She gives me a seductive look, biting her lower lip. 
That’s all the suggestion I need. I reach down, throwing her over my shoulder before taking her to our room and reminding her for the next couple of hours just who’s mate she is. 
Two months after graduation, Lily and I stand on stage beside Anders and Calista as they swear their oaths and fealty to the pack as Alpha and Luna. Charles and his mate, Donna, are then sworn in as the pack Betas. Afterward, Lily and I are sworn in as Anders‘ and Calista’s Guardians. We had all discussed it and since my mate was a Guardian, and Anders already had me as his Guardian, it was
decided that Lily would be Calista’s Guardian. Lily was thrilled and I think Calista was too. Honestly, it makes everything much easier for all of us. Any time Anders has an Alpha event, he can feel comfortable bringing Calista, knowing Lily will be there to protect her and that keeps me and Lily together more often. 
It’s a beautiful evening full of dancing and celebrating. I know other males in our pack our jealous and watch my mate with hopeful eyes. But I know she’s all mine. I make a point to show her at every opportunity how grateful I am that she’s mine, how much I love her, how special she is to me. 
And, I have to say, when my mate jumps in, she jumps in with both feet. There is never a day that goes by where she doesn’t show me how much she loves me. Every time she looks at me, it makes my heart stutter in my chest. Her love and respect for me are always on display for everyone to see. I am the luckiest man alive. I’m sure most people who have found their mates feel the same way, but they would be wrong. No one and nothing is more special than Lily. 
###Chapter 572
=
Acouple of months after Anders and Calista take over the pack, we receive an invitation to celebrate birth of Liam Holstin, Alpha Leander and Luna Fetulla’s child. Calista and I are excited to see Estella
again and meet her new son, while Clint and Anders begin talking of the work they can accomplish while we are in Shadow Falls pack. Look at Cali and roll my eyes, making her glagte,
We drive to Shadow Falls, leaving Charles in charge of our pack for the weekend. There are several milestones that are important in a pack, especially when it comes to ranked pack members. The birth of the future Alpha is one of them. Many packs have been invited to this momentous occasion.
Alpha Leander asked us to come a day earlier than the others. When we arrive, he escorts us into his
office, Luna Estella joining us. Because we are in an alliance, and have been friendly for many years, the feeling in the room is relaxed. We sit around a table together, Calista and I hugging Estella when she
comes in.
“I'm sure you are wondering why I have asked you to come here earlier than the others.” Alpha Leander begins. “As you know, the birth of my son is very important, not only to me and Estella, but also to the pack. Our relationship with Alpha Benjamin has been tenuous at best in these last couple of months. He seems to have become more aggressive, power-hungry since we last saw him at your birthday party.
Alpha Anders.”
“Please, we are all friends here, call me Anders. And yes, my father and I have noticed the same thing. While Alpha Jerome has been labeled as an enemy to our pack, Alpha Benjamin seems to have almost
become closer to him. We have men watching both packs to make sure they do not plan an attack against us.”
Leander is nodding his head in agreement. “We have noticed the same. And what you may not know is that, after the incident in your pack with Guardian Lily, we also labeled Alpha Jerome and the Silver Dawn
pack enemies of the Shadow Falls pack.” I can tell Anders was not aware of this. “Our alliance with Canyon Ridge has always been very strong.
Any act against your pack, is seen as an act against ours. Therefore, your enemies are our enemies. Which brings me to my request today. Your pack is strong, stronger even than mine. What I would like to
request is that, while you are here for the party, would you allow your Guardians to watch over my mate
and our son, ensuring nothing happens to them. If I could have found a way to not invite Alpha Benjamin to these festivities without practically declaring war, I would have. However, I do not want him here and I
do not trust him.”
He looks at Anders and Clint. “You have both found your mates. You understand the concern I feel and the need to protect mine. And, while you do not yet have an heir or children of your own, I’m sure you can understand that a parent’s love of their children is second only to the love of a mate.”
I watch as Clint and Anders mind link before Clint links me. “Would you be willing to watch over Estella. It would look more natural if you and Calista were around her and the baby.”
I look at Anders, giving a brief nod of my head. I see Leander’s entire body relax, as does Estella’s. I turn to her. “Looks like I'll be getting lots of time holding that new baby of yours. Where is he?”
After deciding the best approach to watching over both Estella and Liam, Estella has her Beta female bring him in. Calista and I coo over baby Liamn, while Estella watches with the total love of a mother in her eyes. “I knew I loved him while he grew in my stomach, but the moment I held him? It’s like nothing I’ve ever felt before. Ina moment, something inside me changed, and I never want to change it back. I’ve never been a jealous mate, never felt particularly possessive or protective of Leander. But with Liam, I swear if anyone ever threatens my child, they will see fury like they've never seen before.”
We talk of babies and our plans for having them, saying we want to put it off for a couple of years to adjust to our new roles and just enjoy being together before we bring a child into the mix. “I think that’s a great plan. Leander and I took a year before trying. It only took me going into heat once and now we have Liam.” She says smiling at her mate as we talk over lunch. 
That night in bed, Clint is more amorous than normal, which is saying something. “What’s gotten into you?” I ask him, laughing.
“I liked seeing you holding that baby today. I can’t wait until your stomach iS growing with my child, watching you hold our baby girl or boy.” He says, nuzzling my ear. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
I can feel my body responding to him. It doesn't take much. There has never been a time when I didn’t want more, want him like I hadn't just had him inside me for hours. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Br Commentaires Voter (2) +15 BONUS
###Chapter 573
“Which would you prefer? A boy or a girl?” I ask and my voice breathy with my need for him. 
He’s curled up behind me and his fingers begin working their magic, strumming my body like it’s his guitar while he murmurs in my ear, sending shivers all over my body. 
“One of each? Maybe more than one of each. Knowing how much I want you every minute of the day, we could end up with an entire pack of babies if you want.” 
“Well then, Guardian mine, you’d better start practicing.” I love that my mate takes his practice very 
seriously. 
The next morning. I’m a bit tired after Clint kept me up most of the night. But my body feels amazing, if a little sore. We agreed that Calista and I would stay near Estella when the Alphas and their packs arrive. As soon as he exits his car, I can see that Alpha Benjamin is still angry at not having his chance to take me as his mate. His barely contained snarl flashes across his face when he sees Anders and Clint standing near Leander. 
However, when he approaches, he’s the epitome of a perfect Alpha. “Alpha Leander, Luna Estella, what a pleasure to see you. I’m honored to have received the invitation to meet your son and heir.” He says. looking down at Liam. If I wasn’t watching Estella so closely, I wouldn’t have noticed her body tense Alpha Benjamin looks at Liam and gently runs a hand over his head. 
as 
“The pleasure is ours, Alpha Benjamin. Have you met my Beta, Daniel? He and his mate, Mila will show you and your pack members to your rooms.” Leander says, effortlessly putting himself between Alpha Benjamin and his mate, steering him away from his son.
There are eight additional Alphas and pack members that arrive, including Alpha Christopher whose human mate, Emily, recently learned she is pregnant with their first child. Alpha Eric also arrives. He still has not found his mate. I can tell the lack of a mate is starting to take its toll on him. The laughter and 
flirtatiousness I saw in him several months ago, is gone. His eyes have begun to look haunted, and they’ve lost the light that used to shine in them. He’s very close to going feral. He smiles and says all the 
right things when he approaches Leander and Estella, but I can see the need in him, feel his desire to find 
his mate and have a child of his own. My heart breaks for him. 
At dinner that night, I watch the other Alphas. Leander was right about Alpha Benjamin. There is 
something shifty and underhanded in the way he watches Estella. I can tell she feels his eyes on her, but she does an excellent job of hiding it. There is something to be said for women meant to be Lunas. I would never be able to sit quietly and maintain my composure while someone outwardly seemed to be plotting against me and my child. But she does, and I know if Cali was in this situation, she would be doing exactly the same thing. The Moon Goddess doesn’t choose her children and their mates lightly and she doesn’t make mistakes. It makes me wonder about Alpha Eric and why he hasn’t found his mate yet. It makes me wonder if she was killed or is being held against her will somewhere, keeping him from finding her. 
Alpha Leander put the four of us on his floor in the packhouse. Clint and I are next door to the nursery 
and Anders and Calista are across the hall. I asked Estella for a spare baby monitor, just to have in our
room so I could make sure we didn’t miss anything. Clint and I have both noticed that, since our marking and mating, our senses, strength and just about everything that makes us Guardians has become enhanced. So, while I don’t need the baby monitor, it makes me feel better knowing I have it. 
In the middle of the night. I hear a shuffling sound. I lay in bed, listening to the sound, trying to make sense of what I’m hearing. It isn’t until I hear the cooing of the baby that I jolt up in bed. I told Estella that if she went into Liam’s room at night, to quietly let me know. That way, if I heard anything, I’d know it was her. I didn’t need to bother, the entire time she’s in with Liam, she coos and sings to him. However, ther is no sound other than the shifting of clothing. 
As I move to get out of bed, I feel Clint climbing out behind me. I turn and look at him, but he’s listenin intently as well. Someone is in Liam’s nursery and there can only be one reason. Someone is planning 
kidnap or kill him. 
Cooper Author 
Do you think Alpha Benjamin is making his move? Updates daily. 
Commentaires 
Voter (82x) 
###Chapter 574
I felt Lily tense in my arms. I immediately come awake, listening to the sounds coming from the baby monitor. As Lily moves to get out of bed, I’m right behind her. Someone is in the nursery that shouldn’t be. 
I toss her a shirt as I put on a pair of shorts, and we quietly make our way to the door to our room. I mind link Anders but he’s asleep. I shout in the mind link, trying to wake him up before we sneak out of our room, quietly moving to Liam’s room. 
“You grab the baby. I’ll get the person that is trying to take him.” I say to Lily in the mind link. 
She nods and we burst into the room. There is a figure in dark clothing, reaching into the crib. He snatches Liam up into his arms turning to face us. 
“Stand down, Guardians, or I kill the Alpha heir. This isn’t your fight.” 
“On the contrary, any fight against Shadow Falls is our fight. You’ve just waged war with not one, but two packs.” I say. 
He chuckles and as my eyes adjust to the nightlight in the room, I can see that this is Alpha Benjamin’s 
Beta. 
“Does your Alpha know what you are doing?” 
“Wow, you really are stupid. All brawn and no brain. Who do you think set this up?” He looks between me and Lily again. “What I want to know is how you are still standing. We knew she would be.” He nods at Lily. “But how are you?”
“What are your talking about?” Lily asks him. 
“We poisoned everyone with wolfsbane. It was in the food. The entire pack is incapacitated and now Alpha Benjamin will make his move. We will take over this pack and since we’ve already weakened your Alpha and Luna as well all we need to do is eliminate the two of you and he’ll take over your pack too.” 
“You’ll find we’re not so easy to kill.” I say to him. 
I see the flash of a knife in his hand and Lily is moving. I’m a half second behind her. She grabs his arm, pulling it away from Liam. I take his arm from her as he throws the baby. Lily catches Liam mid–air as he 
begins to scream. 
The Beta’s arm comes up to hit me, but Donovan’s claws have already come out and I slice them through his throat, holding his arm as he drops to the floor, drowning in his own blood. 
I turn to Lily. “You need to quiet him down. If the others know he’s awake, they’ll come looking for him. If we’re all this pack has standing between them and death, we need to be stealthy.” I tell her. She looks around, grabbing a bottle from the mini fridge in the room. She pops it in a microwave, heating it quickly. She checks the temperature and pops it into Liam’s mouth, effectively quieting his cries. 
“You stay here. I’m going to check on Anders and Calista.” She nods, walking and gently bouncing Liam as she feeds him. 
I move quickly to their rooms, hearing the sounds of movement on the floors below us in the packhouse. Once I check to make sure they are alive, I pick them up and carry them to our room.
As I pass the nursery, I poke my head in and see Lily changing Liam. “They’re alive, I’m going to check 
Leander and Estella now.” 
I find Liam’s parents unconscious, but both are still alive. I quickly pick them up and move them to our room with Anders and Calista. I put them on the bed and go to get Lily. She follows me into our room and puts a now sleeping Liam in between his parents on the bed. 
As quietly as possible, we close and lock our door, barricading it with dressers and anything else we can find. Once we’re done, we sneak out the window. She and I became adept at climbing on roofs when we’d sneak out to meet up at night. We make our way to the next floor down. I find the window and check to see that the hallway is empty. I raise the window and we slide in quietly. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 575
We listen and don’t hear anyone on this floor yet. We check the rooms and pull the quests staying on the Beta floor into the Bela’s room, barricading it as best as possible before sneaking out the window and going down to the next floor.
This time, there are several warriors on the floor. Three of the four doors are open. I carefully pull open the window and slide inside, Lily right behind me. We can hear the sounds of several people in one of the rooms, laughing over the murders they are committing
We slide into the room, quietly. Lily and I quickly take down a warrior and I turn and slice the throat of the third in this room. Lily goes and checks the pack’s Gammas. She looks at me, shaking her head. We carefully walk out of the room, check the other three as we go. The Gamma children have also been murdered in their beds. However, we find that the other Alphas on this floor, Alpha Christopher and his mate and Alpha Eric, were left untouched. The must have drugged Luna Emily with something, since she’s human and the wolfsbane wouldn't affect her.
We quietly make our way to the bottom floor of the packhouse. The omegas have been piled in the center
of the floor. Some are awake and crying, while others are passed out, or at least I hope they are unconscious and not dead. Benjamin would have no reason to kill omegas.
As I look around, I see Lily put a finger to her lips, asking the omegas that are awake to stay quiet about our presence. They’ve been roughed up, but I see a couple of them nod and one carefully points to another hallway.
I nod and Lily and I begin to make our way to that hallway. We can hear the crying and pleading as they pull the omegas from their beds. They are dragging the ones that are unconscious by their hair or feet,
not caring if they injure them.
Lily and I back up against the wall as one passes by us. She nods that she'll take the one that just went by, and I turn to continue on. I hear the soft thud as the warrior hits the floor behind me. At that moment, another one comes out the door of a bedroom, pulling an omega with him. She is screaming and kicking trying to get away and it gives me the moment of distraction I need to slice my claws into his heart from
behind.
The omegas eyes go wide, and I put my finger to my lips, telling her to stay quiet. “Hide.” I whisper to her. and she nods her head, turning to find a hiding spot in her room.
I feel Lily pass behind me, going to the next room. We continue down the hall taking out warriors one at a time, and then pulling them into rooms so it’s not obvious that they are dead to anyone glancing down the hallway. When we're done, we’ve taken out another 20 warriors.
We quietly walk back to the main hall. The omegas are still sitting there. They look at us, their eyes going wide that we are back. I hear the sound of footfalls and watch as the omegas that are awake flinch.
“Where the fuck are the rest of the omegas?” I hear Alpha Benjamin shout. He’s not concerned that
anyone but his pack members will hear him.
He turns and looks down the hall that we just left. Lily and I are skirting around the room, staying quiet and moving out of sight.
Benjamin calls out to the dead warriors down the hall. When no one answers, he turns, looking at the warriors that came in with him.
“Find the Guardian!”
Cooper Author 
Alpha Benjamin is definitely making his move. Good thing there are two Guardians to help. 
D/Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k)
###Chapter 576
1 
Clint and I work well together. Not only are we in tune as mates, but also having trained together for months. We trust each other and know that we’ve got each other’s back, so it frees us to be able to focus on the immediate battle in front of us. 
When Benjamin tells them to search for me, we realize we have an advantage. He still hasn’t realized that Clint is awake. We both know we’re about to be in the fight of our lives. There is no one else to help us. The fate of this pack and possibly our own, lies with us. 
“Stay together, Lily. We’re stronger together.” Clint says in our mind link. 
I nod. We continue to move around the packhouse, taking out warriors. We hear Benjamin roar from above us. We realize he has found the three warriors we left dead and most likely realized that we’ve barricaded the others in the Beta’s room and our room. 
When he comes back down, he pulls his ace card. He knows I won’t stand by and let him kill someone while I hide. He grabs one of the omegas from the floor, putting her in front of him. A claw extends and he lays it like a knife across her throat. 
“Come out, Lily. I know it’s you killing my men. Come out now, and I won’t kill this innocent omega. You don’t want her blood on your hands, do you?” 
“Lily, no!” Clint links me. 
I turn to him, kissing him quickly. “I trust you. We can do this. You go around, get behind him. I’ll distract 
him.”
“Lily!” He says, but I’m already moving forward. I watch him dart away, not willing to leave me on my own against Benjamin and his remaining warriors. 
two 
“Lily!” Benjamin calls out to me. “I’m going to count to three. One 
I’m out of time and have 
to hope that Clint gets into position quickly. I step out of the shadows, closer than he was expecting me. 
“Let her go.” I say, making him jump. 
He turns, keeping the omega between us. He looks me over. I don’t know what he sees, but it makes him 
sneer at me. “You killed my Beta.” 
“Your Beta was going to kill an innocent child.” 
“An Alpha heir to a pack that is now an enemy of my mine.” 
“Perhaps you should have thought of that before you came to a celebration of his life where there would 
be two Guardians.” 
“One of those Guardians has been eliminated. Once he is dead, I will mark you and make you mine.” 
I chuckle at him. I can’t help it. “As if I would ever let you mark me. You are not an Alpha worthy of the title, much less a Guardian, and you’ll find that my mate is hard to kill.”
“You should have been my mate months ago. But Alpha Jerome ruined it by trying to take you out in front of everyone. I have much more finesse, more patience. I’ve bided my time and here we are. No one to 
stop me.” 
“Wrong.” Clint says, coming up behind him and injecting him with something in his neck. Instantly, hist claw retracts and he grabs his neck. 
He turns, looking at Clint, his eyes wide. “What have you done?” 
“Injected you with what smelled like liquid silver. I think I got it into your blood stream. It should be pumping through your body right now. When it gets to your heart, you’ll be dead. NO ONE threatens my mate.” He snarls as Alpha Benjamin falls to the floor. 
From the corner of my eye, I see a warrior leap at Clint. Andra shifts and takes him out before to Clint. I stand beside Clint, guarding his back as he turns to the warriors. 
can get 
“You’ve lost your Alpha and your Beta, along with close 
40 thirty warriors. If you choose to stay and fight, you will die along with them. There may only be two of us, but we’re Guardians. We’re stronger than you, we heal faster than you and we’re both immune to wolfsbane, as you can see. I suggest you think long and hard before deciding to attack us.” 
Alpha Benjamin is writhing in pain at our feet. His warriors look at him. He’s trying to speak, but he can’t make coherent words. One after another, the warriors turn and leave. I don’t move until the last one moves out of the back door.
Clint turns to me. “Stay here and check these omegas. I’m going to make sure they leave and call Charles. We need back up.” 
Commentaires 
Voter (820) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 577
I shift back. “I’ll call Beta Charles while I check this group. You follow them, let me know if you need assistance.” I grab him and lock my lips on his in a passionate kiss. “Be careful with my mate.” 
He kisses my forehead. “Take care of mine. I’ll be back as soon as I can. Watch your back in case any double back or are still lingering.” 
I wait until he’s out the door before looking at the omega who Benjamin threatened. She hasn’t stopped 
watching him writhing on the floor. “Where’s your phone?” I ask her. 
She points to the wall against the kitchen, I grab the landline and dial Charles‘ number. He answers 
groggily but as I fill him in on the events of what happened, he wakes quickly, growling and promising to have warriors here in a couple of hours to support the pack until everyone wakes up. He is also going to 
send doctors, since Leander’s doctors are also going to be recovering. 
I hang up and turn around to find the omega kicking Benjamin and cursing him for hurting her and her 
pack. I walk up to her, looking down at Benjamin who is now dead. 
“Hey, hey.” I wait until she looks at me. “I need your help. Focus.” 
When she nods, I get her name, Lucy, and get her to round up the omegas that are awake. There are only 
20 of them.
“We need to know who in the pack has been killed, who is still unconscious and who might be awake. If anything seems wrong, get back here immediately and let me know.” 
I break them into groups of two, so they won’t be alone and send them out to start checking. I have two stay in the packhouse to help me search the rooms and those laying on the floor in the main room. 
I’m on the floor, checking the omegas when someone shouts. “Guardian, look out!” I turn, seeing a warrior coming at me in a partial shift. I move to protect myself when someone reaches out and grabs him by his throat. 
Alpha Eric, while wobbly on his feet, holds the warrior off the ground. “Now, why would you be trying to killardian?” 
The warrior can’t answer since Eric is holding him by his throat. Eric turns to me. “What the fuck is going 
Son?” 
“Alpha Benjamin and his pack poisoned everyone and planned to take out all the ranked members and warriors of Shadow Falls while they were unconscious. You have wolfsbane in your system.” 
He extends his claws, slicing through the warrior’s throat, letting him drop to the floor dead, before stumbling. I catch him before he falls, supporting his weight as I walk him to a chair. 
“What’s the situation?” He asks, taking control as the only Alpha awake. 
I fill him in, starting with saving Liam to killing Benjamin and Clint following the others to make sure they leave the pack lands, I let him know our Beta is sending help and medical staff to care for everyone as they start to wake up. 
“How are you awake already?” Lask Alpha Eric. No one else is showing any sign of consciousness.
He gives me a rueful smile. “I guess feral sickness is good for something. I didn’t eat much at dinner.” 
Clint comes back in. “Alpha Eric, how are you feeling?” 
“Like I’ve been injected with wolfsbane.” He says sarcastically, a semblance of his formal self coming through. 
“What happened here?” Clint asks, pointing to the dead warrior at nearest us. 
“He stayed behind and tried to get me while my back was turned. The omegas warned me a moment before Alpha Eric grabbed him by the throat.” 
“Thank you.” Clint says to Alpha Eric, pulling me against him. 
The omegas begin returning, giving us the numbers of who is dead and who is still unconscious. 
I’m compiling the numbers to provide to Alpha Leander when he wakes up, when the front door opens. Our warriors come in and Clint immediately walks to them. 
I see Alpha Eric’s head whip around and a growl rips from his lips as he stands and stalks to one of our pack members. She stands there, eyes wide and looking stunned. I race over to him, hoping he isn’t 
having a feral moment when he pulls one of our newest doctors into his arms and takes her mouth in an ardent kiss. 
He pulls back, looking at her. “Mate.” He says, before kissing her again.
###Chapter 578
Chapter 0578 The next morning is chaotic. Lily and I took charge of the situation once Alpha Eric found his mate. While
I understood that he just wanted to take her somewhere private and mark and mate her, he was recovering from wollsbane, and she was needed to provide medical attention as people woke.
We began pulling all of Benjamin’s dead pack members outside, away from the packhouse. More carefully, we began collecting and laying Alpha Leander’s dead inside the packhouse. We covered them with blankets that the omegas brought to us. As people woke, they began looking for their loved ones. Many fell the severed bond when they woke.
While we couldn’t save everyone, Lily and I protecting Liam inadvertently helped to save many of the other pack members. If we hadn’t woken when we did, who knows how many pack members would have died.
The ranked members wake up first. Anders and Leander must have realized what happened when they woke up in our bedroom, barricaded in. After checking their mates and baby Liam, they moved the barricades and came rushing down the stairs.
Leander took charge of the situation, sending pack members as they woke to see the medical personnel. Lily reported what she had gathered about the dead and those impacted by the wolfsbane. When Alpha Christopher woke, his concern for his human mate and her fetus had him heading home to be treated by
his medical team.
By mid-morning. Lily and I were exhausted, having battled through most of the night and into the morning. Once everyone was awake, we went to our room, showered and collapsed on our beds exhausted.
We didn’t wake until late afternoon. When we re-emerged, all the visiting Alphas, except Alpha Eric had returned to their packs. While it seemed that Alpha Benjamin had acted alone, they wanted to make sure their own packs were safe.
Anders and Leander sent word to the elder council about what had happened. Alpha Benjamin’s pack would be dismantled, and the pack members would face trial for their attempt to kill multiple Alphas and
their collusion in the attack on Shadow Falls.
The event, while devastating to many, did strengthen the bond between Estella, Calista and Lily. The celebration of Liam’s birth was cancelled in light of all the deaths that had occurred in the pack, but
before we left, Estella, Calista and Lily made plans to get together again.
Over the next couple of months, we hear that Alpha Benjamin’s pack was disbanded. Several groups of his now-rogue members attack our pack, attempting a retaliation. Lily and I are always involved in defending our pack. She and I have become a powerful fighting machine. We work in tandem, not needing communication. We just know and understand what the other person is going to do. None of the attacks on our pack present much of an issue when the two of us get involved.
Eventually, we hear that many of the displaced pack members join Alpha Jerome’s pack. He welcomes them with open arms. It makes us wary of his intentions, but other than the occasional unexplained death in his pack, their activities do not impact us or Shadow Falls.
Lily, Calista and Estella have developed quite a friendship and get together at least once a month for lunch or shopping.
Alpha Christopher’s mate had a little girl but died in childbirth. We were never sure if it was because she was a human, or if the drugs that Alpha Benjamin and his people gave her weakened her beyond her human body’s ability to recover. Either way, Alpha Christopher grieved, refusing to take another Luna and raising his daughter alone.
Alpha Eric mates with our previous doctor, Zoey, taking her as his Luna. Four months after officially making her his Luna, they welcomed their first child, a boy. We were invited to the Harvest Moon Pack’s celebration of their Alpha heir. It was nice to see Zoey again and see how she’s come into her own. I don’t know if they struggled with her being Luna and maintaining her medical practice, but they’ve made it work.
We stay the night at Harvest Moon after the celebration. That night, I curl up with my mate. “Are you still okay with waiting to have a child?” I ask her. We're at an age where many friends and other packs are finding their mates and beginning their families.
She turns in my arms, facing me. “Are you?” I smile at her, kissing her nose. “I asked you first. What do you want my sweet Lily bud?”
She looks thoughtful for a moment before focusing on me. “I've watched what has happened with Luna Estella. I know she loves her mate, and wants time with him, but being a parent and running a pack pulls her in many different directions.” She licks her lips, looking at mine. I can feel my body responding to the non-verbal cues she’s giving me.
“I'm not ready to give that up yet. I like that we’re both adventurous in the bedroom, or, wherever the urge takes us.” I smile, knowing she’s thinking of me taking her against the side of Harvest Moon’s packhouse during the celebratory party earlier tonight.
“I want more time for us to play, explore, be together without a child pulling our attention from each other. I want to try new positions that we haven't thought of yet, have the opportunity to wake you in the middle of the night with my mouth because I want you right then, wake up early in the morning to your hands exploring me and making my body sing before we have to go train. I love that after you’ve made me forget my name, we can lounge in bed, while you learn a new song on your guitar to sing to me. We can eat naked, feeding each other if we want, have sex in the shower as many times as we want. I’m not ready for that to change. Does that make me selfish?”
I reach down, nipping at her bottom lip. “If it makes you selfish, then I guess we're both selfish. Nearly a year after taking you as my mate, I still can’t get enough of you. I want you every minute of every day. So, if you want to wait, so I can take you every conceivable moment that we have, then who am I to argue?”
She giggles in my arms, and I proceed to show her exactly why it’s still a good idea for us to wait. I show her over and over, all night long, just because I can. 
Cooper Author
Alpha Benjamin’s pack joining Alpha Jerome’s doesn't bode well for the future. But I love these private moments between Clint and Lily. I hope you do too. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) Like +15 BONUS
###Chapter 579
Several years go by. Life with Clint is everything he promised and everything I knew it would be when I fell in love with him. On the first anniversary of our mating, he took me back to Maine. This time, we were able to do a full-on white water rafting trip, just like he promised me. I didn’t know that he had planned to take me there, so I had gotten him a picture of us in Maine. I had it blown up so we could hang it on our wall. It was a picture of the two of us in front of the ocean. He was behind me with his arms wrapped around my waist. His eyes were watching me intently as I laughed. My hair was blowing in the wind and my head was turned toward him, listening to what he said in my ear. He remembered the moment, remembered that he was telling me he’d never love anyone the way he loves me, which made it that much more special.
On our second anniversary, he took me to the Rocky Mountains. He made sure that where we were going still had snow. He got us a cabin removed from everyone and everything. We spent a long weekend letting our wolves run through the forest and making love in front of the fireplace.
On our third anniversary, he took me to the islands. He rented an entire island, so we let our wolves run free and we spent the weekend naked, lounging in the sun, making love in the ocean and learning the fun that could be had with bondage.
For our fourth anniversary, he took me to Oregon and the wine country. We spent our days tasting wines and our evenings finding creative ways to “spill” wine on each other before licking it off. Never in four years has my love or desire for this man waned. If anything, my need for him, my desire for him has only gotten stronger. Every day we find ways to touch each other, caress each other, flirt with each other. My heart is so full of love for this man that some days, it takes my breath away and brings tears to my eyes.
When we return from Oregon, Anders calls us into his office. We arrive to find Calista sitting in his lap. In front of the pack, Anders and Cali are still reserved in their affection. Behind closed doors, Clint and I see a very different side to them. Their love is obvious, even if they are not as outwardly affectionate as Clint and I are.
“We wanted to talk with the two of you. Cali and I have decided it’s time for us to begin trying to have a pup.” My mouth breaks into a huge smile.
“That's awesome!” Cali smiles at me. “Hear him out, Lily.” I sit back, not sure what to expect.
“Neither of us is aware of the two of you also wanting to have a pup right now?” It’s more of a question than a comment. I look at Clint. It's been something that has started to push forward in both our minds, but we haven't decided to start trying yet.
“Not yet, but what does that have to do with anything?” My mate asks.
Anders looks at Cali. “I’m concerned about both Cali and Lily being pregnant at the same time. I know I will become extremely protective of my sweet mate when she’s with child.” Anders says, kissing the side
of her head. I know that look in his eyes. I’ve started seeing it more often in Clint’s. It’s the look of a man that wants to see his mate’s stomach growing with their child.
“I don’t want to keep the two of you from having a child, but I’m asking you to wait to start trying until Cali is pregnant. We don’t know how long it will take for her birth control to stop working but if I have my mate and a Guardian both pregnant at the same time, neither I nor Clint will be able to focus on anything, especially if we are attacked. I need to know that at least two of the three of us can be ive and
focus on the protection of my mate.
Commentaires
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 580
I look at Clint. “We want to start trying soon, but we’re not there yet. Maybe, the Moon Goddess will see fit to give us both pups within a year of each other. And if we’re really lucky, you’ll have a boy, and we’ll have a girl, and they will be mates one day. The future Alpha and Luna of the pack!” I say, practically bouncing in my seat and clapping my hands at the idea.. 
Anders and Clint laugh. “Lily bud, how about we get you girls pregnant first and we can worry about 
mates later.” 
Не pulls me into his lap, kissing my temple. But as I look at Call, she’s giving me a thumbs up where Anders can’t see it. Perfect! We’re in agreement. 
It takes six months for Cali to go into heat. When she does, everyone except Charles, Donna, Clint and I are ordered to leave the packhouse. Even I can smell Call’s pheromones and as much as I love my best friend, I would have preferred NOT to have heard her screaming our Alpha’s name all day and all night for 
a week. 
During that time, Clint and I guard our Alpha and Luna and work with Charles to protect and run the pack. We get word of the death of Alpha Jerome’s son and also his Beta. The news that we got was that his Beta killed his own son and the Alpha’s son. Alpha Jerome beheaded his Beta for treason and banished 
his youngest son. 
“Do you believe that?” Clint asks Charles.
“No. Alpha Jerome is vicious, cruel. There have been too many unexplained or poorly explained deaths in 
his pack and this is just one more.” 
“I liked his Beta. He seemed like a good man when we met him at Anders‘ birthday party. Emerson, I 
believe his name was. I can’t imagine him killing one of his sons and the Alpha’s son. That doesn’t make any sense. Does anyone know where the banished son is?” I ask. 
“No.” Charles says. “I’ve sent men out and told our patrols to be on alert. But it’s unlikely that a 12– year- 
old boy, even one with Beta blood, will survive on his own.” 
When Cali’s heat finally ends, Clint and Charles fill Anders in on everything that happened while he was 
out. I pull Cali into my room and ask her about being in heat. My sweet friend’s cheeks go pink, but she 
tells me about how intense it is, how her body craved Anders‘ even more than normal. 
“Be prepared, Lily. It’s intense. You don’t want to eat or sleep, you just want to…well, you know.” 
I can’t help but tease my friend a bit. “Oh yes, I do know. You were screaming Anders name to the roof tops. I think they might have heard you two packs over.” 
Her eyes go wide, and her cheeks turn a brilliant shade of red. “Oh my goddess, Lily. Was it that bad? I honestly was so out of it, I didn’t know and didn’t care.” 
“All I have to say is, I hope it worked. If it’s that much fun to go into heat, I can’t wait.” I say and we both burst into giggles. 
Two weeks later, we get the announcement. Calista is pregnant. The next day, I go off my birth control 
Cooper 
Author 
What do you think now, hearing the other side of Eli’s father’s death and knowing what we do about Alpha Jerome? And now Calis pregnant with Rik And we know Lily’s hope of their children being mates will 
eventually come true. 
Updates daily. 
Commentaires 
Voter (82) 
Like
###Chapter 581
Lily and I are finally ready to start a family. And while I’m excited, it also makes me nervous that Alpha Jerome is now very desperate. He no longer has a mate or an heir. He replaced his Beta, but we heard it was someone from Alpha Benjamin’s pack that joined theirs. That didn’t make any of us feel better. 
We were hoping that Calista would give birth to their son before Lily went into heat, but apparently everything with Guardians is faster. Three and a half months after stopping her birth control, one month before Calista’s due date, she went into heat. 
Anders and I are discussing some concerning patrol reports that had come in when the scent of orange and ginger hits my nose. The scent is so strong I can’t help the feral snarl that erupts from my lips as l leap to my feet. Anders takes one look at me and orders every unmated male out of the packhouse. 
He opens his mind link to me and Lily. “Lily, where are you?” 
All we get in return is a whimpering, wailing sound from Lily. 
“Go! Take care of your mate. Charles and I have this.” He says. 
The words are barely out of his mouth before I’m rushing out the door and up to my mate, following her 
potent scent. I find her in Calista and Anders‘ room, writhing on the floor. When she looks up, Andra is flashing in her eyes, and she growls, her eyes full of desire. 
“Get her to your room, Clint!” Calista shouts, breaking through the haze that the pheromones are causing. 
I’m barely able to maintain control, the animal instinct taking over. I pick Lily up, her body wrapping
around me as she mewls against my neck. When I turn, Anders is standing in the doorway. I snarl at him. ready to fight him for my mate. Somewhere deep in my mind, I know he’s my Alpha and he has a mate, but right now, my mate’s scent is so strong, any male would want her. But she is MINE! They can’t have 
her. 
“Go, Clint. Get her out of here. I can’t move Call, she’s nesting. GO!” I can tell he’s holding his breath. He steps aside and I rush from the room, taking my writhing mate to our room? I’m barely, through our door when her claws come out. She’s tears through my clothing, wanting me naked. 
I’m so lost in the animal side of myself, I don’t think about making sure she’s ready for me. I rip her clothes off as she claws mine out of her way. As soon as the clothes fall away, I’m slamming myself 
inside her. 
She croons as I sheath myself in her hot, slick pussy. She’s so ready for me, it’s dripping down her thighs. I take her against the wall, making her scream, her inner walls pulsing around me before I pull out. turning her around and pulling her hips toward me, slamming into her again. Her back arches, trying to take me deeper. I’m lost in the sensations of her body, her heady scent surrounding me, the sounds coming from her drawing me to the brink of control. 
As her body clamps down on my cock, I explode inside her. She feels so good, I sink my teeth into her 
mating mark. When we finally come down, I realize I’m still hard inside her. She pulls away from me, turning and jumping on me. “The bed.” Is all she says. Her voice sounds more normal, but it’s still 
flooded with her desire, her need for me.
I move to the bed, laying on my back and let her ride me, let her take what she needs from me. When we both cum again, she collapses on me. We’re both sweaty and panting. We only have about 20 minutes before her heat starts to take hold again. 
I lose track of time over the next week. All there is, is her and me. We sleep when we can, 10-15 minutes 
here and there. There is always water outside our door to help us stay hydrated. We eat what we can, but the heat continues to drive us both, wanting nothing but each other. 
..hody aches/can 
Eight days later, I feel like my dick is going to fall off. I’m raw and every muscle in only imagine how my little mate feels. When it finally seems that her heat is over, I carry her to the bathtub, gently setting her on the side of the tub while I turn on the water, making sure it’s warm, but not too hot. Neither of our bodies could take that. 
When it’s half full, I pick up my mate, sitting in the tub and putting her between my legs. She leans back. against me. “Don’t let me drown.” She says, her exhaustion making her words slur. 
“Never.” I tell her. I may be nearly as exhausted as she is, but my body wasn’t a raging inferno. I’ll take care of my mate while she rests. I bathe her and wash her hair, forcing her to wake up periodically so I can rinse her. Then I bathe myself before wrapping towels around both of us and carrying Lily to bed. I towel dry her hair, before collapsing behind her, pulling the blankets off the floor where we threw them a week ago, and laying them over us. 
We must sleep for at least a day, maybe longer. When we wake, we’re starving. I mind link Anders to let him know her heat has passed, and he tells me that there are clean sheets and food outside our door. I leave Lily resting and go to the door, pulling in the cart of food and the clean sheets.
I open a window, realizing that our room smells like a brothel. And, if I had to guess, this room has had more action in the last week than any brothel I’ve ever heard of. 
I grab a piece of toast as Lily begins to stir. “Come on, baby. Come get some food. You must be starved. I know I am.” I tell her, going to her and picking her up. I take her to our couch, sitting her down and pour 
her a cup of coffee. 
“That smells like something the goddess made.” She says, taking a deep breath and inhaling the rich 
scent of caffeine. 
I leave her on the couch with the food and coffee, continuing to stuff the toast into my mouth as I strip our bed of the sheets. I remake our bed and then join my mate on the couch. 
“How do you feel Lily bud.” 
“Better. But still sore. How about you?” 
I chuckle. “They aren’t lying when they say that a she–wolf’s heat is brutal. I thought it was an 
exaggeration, but that was….a lot.” 
Η 
“You seemed pretty up–to the task, my mate.” Lily says, giving me a mischievous smile. 
“I hope I kept you satisfied.” 
She leans in kissing me. “Every minute of every day, my love.”
Two weeks later, my mate and I went to the pack hospital and learned that she is carrying my pup. 
I didn’t know that I could be any happier in my life, but somehow, I am. 
Cooper Author 
That heat was intense! But Cara is here, even if she is still in Lily’s womb. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 582
I was so excited to find out that I was carrying Clint’s child. We have waited until the time was right, or as right as it could be. We spent our time together, enjoying each other and doing the things in life that we wanted to do. While we may have wanted it to happen after Anders and Cali’s son’s birth, it didn’t. But we’ll make it work. 
My heat was intense but finding out that I’m pregnant was the second best day of my life. The first was when Andra smelled Clint and Donovan on my birthday and recognized them as our mates. 
Donovan might actually be cuter about us having a pup than Clint. Every night, he wants to sniff my stomach and he rumbles against me, telling me that he wants our pup to know he’s here. 
“I know we won’t know for another couple of weeks, but your scent is stronger than before. If I had to guess. I’d say we’re having a girl.” He tells me. 
“Would you be happy with that, Donovan?” 
“I’d be happy with a healthy pup, regardless of gender.” He tells me. 
I kiss Clint’s lips. “I love you both so much.” I say. “As do I.” Andra says in our mind link. She is wrapped around our little one, protecting him or her while we are pregnant. 
A week after I find out I’m pregnant, Anders hears that Alpha Jerome is planning to attack our pack. He begins to assemble the group that will go to the Silver Dawn pack and attempt to sway them from a war. They will lose, and they need to know it is a suicide mission to attack us. But more than that, Calista is due within the next two weeks. She is having a boy. Canyon Ridge will have an heir, and Anders is not willing to risk Cali or their son. 
When Clint tells me that I am not part of the assembled going to Silver Dawn, I stomp to Anders‘ office
and burst into the room. 
“What is the meaning of this? How can you assemble a show of force and not include me? I am a Guardian. I am the second strongest member of this pack.” 
Everyone in the room goes silent as I go on my tirade. Clint has walked in behind me, but he stays quiet. 
I see Anders look at Clint before looking at me. “You’re pregnant. I will not risk your child. You’re 
staying.” He says, dismissing me and turning back to his meeting. 
“Excuse me?” My anger dripping in my tone. 
“Clint, do you want to explain to your mate why she can’t come with us?” 
“Don’t put me in the middle of your fight with my mate. She’s a Guardian, I understand her desire to participate.” Have I mentioned how much I love my mate? 
Anders half–turns looking at Clint. “Seriously?” 
“Let me explain something to you, Alpha. I am not a regular she–wolf. I am a Guardian. If you want to show how strong our pack is, you need me there.” 
“I disagree.” He interrupts me. 
“Fine! I’ll fight you for it.” 
Now he really does turn around. “Fight me?”
“Yes. We’ll spar for it. You win, I shut up and stay home. I win, you shut up and take me with you and we never again discuss the fact that you underestimated a Guardian in your pack because she was a 
female.” 
Clint walks up, wrapping his arms around my waist. Anders looks at him. “You’re really not going to say anything?” He asks Clint. 
“Lily has beat you before. I don’t see how her being pregnant will impact that. It’s not like she’s showing. Donovan agrees that Andra is perfectly capable of protecting our pup in a sparring match against you.” Anders stands up, and I can tell he’s equal parts furious and proud. He won’t admit it, but he knows I’m 
right. 
I turn and we walk through the packhouse to the back yard. Cali runs up to us. “What’s going on?” 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 583
“Anders thinks that because I’m a pregnant female that I can’t go on the trip to Silver Dawn as part of our show of strength.” I say, stomping out the packhouse door and into the yard.
“Clint?” I hear her ask from behind me.
“It'll be okay. Cal
Calista. Lily is stronger than Anders is giving her credit for and she’s about to remind him of that.” And I hear him chuckling.
I have no intention of dragging this out. I've become stronger since the last time Anders sparred with me. Back then, I was using the time to learn and practice my moves. Now, I’m going to take my Alpha down and remind him that a Guardian is a Guardian, regardless of gender.
As soon as we are in place and Charles blows the whistle, I don’t hesitate. I immediately go on offense, kicking and swiping at Anders‘ head and feet. I swipe his legs, taking him down, but he jumps back up immediately.
I anticipated this and my next kick goes straight for his head. He ducks in time and begins to spar with me for real. Maybe he thought he would need to be gentle with me, but that’s not the case. Even if he punched me in my stomach, Andra’s shield would protect our child.
However, I don’t give Anders that opportunity. I keep going at him, taking him down again and again. When I finally get my chance, I grab his arm, twisting it just to the point of dislocation. He drops to his knees and looks at me over his shoulder.
“Fuck Lily!”
“Do you submit, Alpha?”
He grimaces and I twist just a bit more to make sure he knows I have him. “Yes, fine. You can come with us.”
I release his arm and turn. Seeing my mate’s proud smile, I run and jump into is arms. “That's my girl.” He says, hugging me.
The night before we head to Silver Dawn, Clint and I are laying in bed, curled up together..
“Lily, I know you can take care of yourself and you’re an excellent fighter. But you are my mate, and your are carrying my child. I need to you stay close to me tomorrow. If they fight, you won't be able to shift, and Donovan and I will need to be close to protect you and our pup.”
I can feel his worry bleeding through the bond. “I will. I have no intention of risking our pup for that asshole. But I don’t think it will come to that. If he doesn’t listen to Anders, Andra and I will just remind him of what it felt like to have her teeth sinking into his throat. And we weren't even adults yet when we had him pinned.”
+15 BONUS “But you can’t shift.” He says, and I can feel his confusion. “Yes, but Alpha Jerome doesn’t know that.”
Clint chuckles behind me. “I hope that’s all it will take for him to back down. I know Anders is worried about Calista and their pup. He doesn’t want to do anything to risk either of them.”
“Alpha Jerome is a pompous, arrogant coward. He thinks too highly of himself. But his fear for his life. will make him back down.”
He kisses my hair, pulling me closer to him. “Have I told you today how much I love you? How amazing you are and how lucky I am to be your mate?”
I make a point of pretending to think, tapping my finger against my chin. “Hmmm, maybe? I don’t think so. Perhaps you can make it up to me by showing me just how much you love me and just how lucky you
feel
I turn my head, smirking at him over my shoulder and that's all it takes. Clint never leaves a question in my mind. My mate loves me more than anything in the world. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Cooper Author 
So, my little Easter Egg of “That's my girl. When I wrote it in Broken Warrior when Anders told Clint that Cara had pinned him in 15 minutes, I knew Clint had said it to Lily. His smile at the time was his memory of this day, when Lily took Anders down. I hope you enjoyed the tie-in. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
Commentaires
Voter (8.2)
###Chapter 584
Chapter 0584 We decided to run in wolf form to Alpha Jerome’s pack. From Canyon Ridge, it’s about four hours over
rocky terrain. We leave early, Lily riding on Donovan's back. Our plan is to stop in about three hours to regroup and send out scouts before walking to the Silver Dawn borders to make our stand.
When we stop, I make sure Lily eats. Now that she’ pregnant, she eats small meals all day long. She
hasn't had any morning sickness, unlike Calista who doesn’t emerge from her bedroom until after 10am when her nausea finally settles. I have to assume it’s a Guardian thing. If anything, Lily looks even more beautiful pregnant. Her skin glows, her hair seems thicker, and her body moves with more grace than before. Or maybe it’s just me loving my mate being pregnant with our child.
When the scouts return, we decide to run halfway in our human form, then move more slowly to Silver Dawn’s borders. Our pack is the largest in the country, so while we left a full contingent of warriors at home to protect the pack, we’ve brought enough with us to take out Alpha Jerome’s pack if necessary. His pack has gotten larger since he’s taken in Alpha Benjamin’s pack members, but I doubt they are as dedicated to their warrior training as our pack is.
When we arrive. Lily and I flank Anders, walking up to the borders. The border patrol stops us there. “What do you want?” Rude and obnoxious. As expected.
“Tell your Alpha, that I’m here to see him.”
“And who might you be?”
To his credit, Anders doesn’t snarl or growl. All packs know the Alphas of the other packs and even if they didn’t. Anders‘ aura is making it obvious that he’s an Alpha. “Alpha Anders, the Alpha of Canyon Ridge Pack.”
“I think Alpha Jerome is busy.” The patrol looks at his four partners.
“He’s definitely busy.”
“Well, he’s about to be a whole lot busier if he doesn’t show his face here in the next three minutes. If he thinks he can threaten my pack, then ignore my presence, he’s about to see why Canyon Ridge is the strongest pack in the country.”
They scoff at Anders. In an instant one of them pulls a knife and goes for Anders’ throat. I reach out, grabbing his hand, breaking it in mine, and bending it behind his back, forcing him to his knees in front of
1.me. “Looks like these guys are as smart as they look. Which is to say, not at all.” Lily says. The patrols sneer at Lily before looking at me. “Let him go. “No.” I say, twisting the guy’s arm even more. “You do realize he’s a Guardian, right? He could take all of you at once.” Lily says again. They look back at me and I let Donovan flash in my eyes. “Sorry, we're contacting our Alpha now.” +15 BONUS “Two minutes.” Anders says, folding his hands together in front of him. The patrol’s eyes go wide but he relays the message. “Alpha says we should bring you to him.” “No. He comes here.” Anders says. “One minute or my Guardian dislocates your friend’s arm.” The guy in front of me turns and looks at Anders with wide eyes, then looks at me. “One minute.” I mouth to him.
I watch as all four patrols” eyes go blank as they mind link their Alpha trying to get him here before ! dislocate this guy's arm. But there’s no possible way unless he’s been laying in wait for us to cross his borders.
“Alpha Jerome. How unpleasant to see you again.” Lily says and I follow her eyes to where Alpha Jerome just stepped out of the shadows.
“I would suggest that you tell your warriors to stand down. More than half of them are not on your pack lands and we would be well within our rights to kill them for the threatening posture they are taking.” She growls. I was busy watching the patrols to make sure they didn’t try anything with Anders. Lily was watching our surroundings. As usual, together, we are perfect.
“Lily Raines.” The Alpha purrs at her.
“It's Lily Nelson, now.” I say!
His head whips to me. “A Guardian mated to a Guardian? It isn’t done.” He spits out.
“Apparently, it is. Or maybe the Moon Goddess just found me worthy.” I can’t help it. I smirk at him. “About those warriors...” Lily says.
His eyes go blank for a moment and about 40 warriors move back onto his pack lands.
“Now.” Anders starts. “I understand that you think you and your pack, can take me and mine. I’m here to help you change your mind before you make a terrible mistake that will cost you not only your pack, but also your life.”
Alpha Jerome scoffs. “You think you and your group here are going to intimidate me?”
“I'm not here to intimidate you. I’m here to let you know that if you or anyone from your pack attacks me, or anyone from my pack, I will consider that an act of war.”
20
He turns and nods his head at me. I slice the head off the patrol member in front of me and let him fall to the ground at my feet.
“Consider that your warning. Your patrol came at me with a knife. His life was forfeit. Who's next?” Anders asks, looking around at Alpha Jerome's warriors.
Alpha Jerome's lip is curled in what I guess is a cross between anger and what is supposed to be a threat.
“Alpha Jerome. Need I remind you what it felt like to have Andra’s teeth wrapped around your throat? And that was before I was an adult. I can only imagine how much easier it would be to take you down now.” Lily throws out her ace card. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
I watch as Alpha Jerome swallows and his hands twitch as if he wants to cover his throat. Yeah, he definitely remembers that.
“I would never be so foolish as to attack a pack with two Guardians. Your pack is well known to be the strongest in the country, Alpha Anders, and that was before you had two Guardians.” 
“Be warned Alpha Jerome. If I have any hint of a threat against me or mine, we will not hesitate to decimate your entire pack.” Anders says. I know he’s bluffing. He would never kill the innocent, but Alpha Jerome would, so it's a believable bluff. 
We return home but add to our patrols anyway. Alpha Jerome isn’t to be trusted. Cooper Author
That was quite a show of power. Lily and Clint work well together.
/ Commentaires
Voter (8.2K)
4
###Chapter 585
Two weeks after we went to the Silver Dawn pack, Alpha Jerome attacked Shadow Falls. Anders received the call for help. He immediately sent out a mind link to the entire pack, ordering half the warriors to assemble in the back immediately and the other half to surround the packhouse. All pack 
members unable to fight were ordered into the safe rooms within the packhouse. 
I was in our room when the mind link went out. Clint rushes into our room, finding me quickly. He goes into our closet grabbing an overnight bag before taking my hand and pulling me to Anders and Calista’s room. When he opens the door, she is waiting, wide–eyed. 
“Anders said you would come for me.” She says. 
Clint rushes to their closet and pulls another overnight bag before corralling us down the stairs and to a 
safe room. I know I can’t go with them, but I don’t want him to leave me. 
“Clint!” I’m not sure what I want to say, but he pulls me into his arms and kisses me like there’s no 
tomorrow. 
“Take care of my girls.” He says to me. 
“Come home and take care of us yourself.” I say to him. 
“As soon as I can. I love you Lily bud.” 
He makes sure we’re in the safe room before racing off. I watch and see him shift into Donovan before
he’s even out the door. 
I turn and it’s not long before the door is closed and locked with a resounding clang. For a moment. I’m terrified, lost in my own emotions. Then, Calista is there, clapping her hands. 
“Okay everyone. Let’s take a look around and see what we have here. I know this was sudden, but we plan for this every month. Our warriors are protecting the packhouse, so I believe we’ll be safe. We just 
need to wait it out.” 
Calista organizes our room, which is a mix of elderly, mothers with young children and other pregnant women like us. As we begin to settle in, I send up a prayer to the Moon Goddess to look over Clint, our 
pack and the Shadow Falls pack. 
That night is one of the longest of my life. I don’t want to bother Clint, knowing he’s fighting, but I can’t help reaching out to him periodically, just to feel his presence, I make sure not to interrupt him or push too hard. My amazing mate, while he doesn’t speak, will open his mind for a second when I push, just to let me know he’s okay. 
Calista and I are sitting side by side on a makeshift bed, holding each other as we both worry about the fate of our mates, our pack and our friends. At some point, I finally fall asleep. 
RONUS 
Ijott awake when I hear the door to the safe room unlocking. I jump up and stand in front of Calista. I may be pregnant, but I’m still her Guardian. When the door opens, the first person I see Is Clint and I rush into his arms. He is covered in blood and gore, but I don’t care. As soon as his arms wrap around me, I begin to sob. I was so worried that he wouldn’t come home, and I realized, I can’t survive without my mate. He is my everything. There is no life for me without him.
“Shhh. Lily bud. I’m here. I’ve got you.” 
I hear others in the room or those that have moved out of the room crying, happy to see their mates alive and well. 
“Are you hurt?” I ask stepping back and wiping my eyes. I look over my mate. I can’t tell if any of the blood is his. He has so many scents on him. 
“Nothing that won’t heal.” 
“Clint. Go shower. Meet me in my room in 30 minutes.” Anders directs, holding a stoic Cali. 
Clint nods before wrapping his arm around me and guiding me to our room. He immediately goes to the shower, and I grab him some clothes. 
“Was it Alpha Jerome?” 
“Yes. He’s dead. Leander killed him.” 
“Well thank the goddess for that. I can’t help but be angry that the elder council didn’t move faster. This could all have been avoided. Did they lose a lot of warriors?” 
Clint looks at me for a moment. “Anders will give you and Calista an update at the same time. Come on, let’s go to their room.” 
My heart rate immediately spikes. I know my mate. If he’s not telling me something, it’s because it’s bad. If they are telling us together, they are concerned that what they are going to tell us will affect us enough to impact our babies. 
By Commentaires
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 586
Anders lets us into their room and Clint walks me to sit on the love seat next to Calista. Clint sits beside me and Anders bring him a glass of amber liquid that smells like bourbon. Clint downs it in one go. 
I look at Calista and she looks at me. We both know we aren’t going to like this news. 
*Just tell us. Anders.” She says quietly. 
He pulls up a chair and sits in front of Calista, taking her hand as Clint reaches out and takes mine. wrapping his arm around my shoulders. 
“Luna Estella is dead.” 
My stomach clenches, my whole body goes rigid and my eyes fill with burning tears as Clint’s arm tightens around me. Calista’s free hand flies to her mouth. “Dead?” She whispers, blinking back her own 
tears. 
“I’m sorry love. I know all of you were close. I’m not sure I believe the story of what happened. It was a war, after all. But you’ll hear it, so it’s better that you hear it from me. They say they found her dead body in the arms of Eli Gunnar, the boy that Alpha Jerome banished nearly a year ago.” 
I feel like I’m in shock. “What about Liam?” I ask. 
“He’s okay, Lily bud.” Clint says, pulling me into his lap. His hands go to my stomach. He begins rubbing 
circles on my stomach, easing the tension I was feeling.
“How is Leander?” 
“He’s alive, but barely. Leander’s Beta is watching over Liam. He knows he can call on us if he needs any 
assistance.” 
“Did we lose any warriors?” I ask. No one in our safe room lost a mate, or we would have known, but 
there are multiple safe rooms. 
“No. Having us join the fight tipped the scales. Many of Jerome’s pack members got away, so we’ll have to be extra careful, and I’ll be doubling the patrols. Leander lost some of his pack members. Once they have their dead ready to send to the Moon Goddess, I’ll go back and stand in as Alpha if Leander isn’t 
capable.” 
“Liam’s going to need you now, Anders.” I tell him. 
“And I’ll be there for him as much as I can be. He’s only six. For now, the biggest thing I can do is help keep his pack from being taken from him.” 
The Shadow Falls pack laid their dead to rest. Anders was there acting as Alpha, speaking over their dead and attempting to calm the pack and support those that lost their mates. 
?IS BONUS 
Luna Estella had her own funeral. Clint brought me and Call to her services. Anders presided over her funeral while Leander and Liam sat in the front row. Leander looked like a body that was empty of it’s soul, Liam cried silently.
When it was over, I was watching Liam and so I saw when he quietly left the room. I followed him, wanting to make sure he was as okay as he could be. I found him in a library, curled up in a corner. sobbing. 
I went and sat beside him, putting my arm around him. He immediately stiffened, his head shooting up as he wiped his tears from his face. 
“Guardian Lily. I apologize. I know Alphas aren’t supposed to cry.” 
“Who told you that?” I ask him softly, helping him to wipe his eyes. 
“My father.” 
“Well how about we make this our little secret. I won’t tell if you won’t. And you can cry until you’re done. What do you say?” 
He nods his head before the tears start to fall again. I pull him against my side, wrapping my arms around him and rocking him as his tears fell. When he finally finished and pulled away, he looked at me. 
“Thank you, Guardian.” 
“Call me Lily. And if you ever need anything at all, Liam, just call me. Do you have a phone?” 
He nods again. 
I get up, finding a pen and a scrap piece of paper and write my number down. “Any time, Liam. If you need to talk, want to cry or just need a friend, you call me. I’ll always answer.” 
“Thank you, Lily.”
Over the next several years, Liam would call me off and on. I always answered and usually he just 
needed a friend. I realized quickly how lonely he was. Leander never recovered from Estella’s death and 
the only person Liam had in his life was his father’s Beta who was busy running the pack and the Beta’s son who was several years younger than him. Some days, I was all he had. 
Cooper Author 
it was hard writing about Luna Estella’s death, but more so the aftermath for Liam Updates occur daily.
###Chapter 587
Aweek after we laid Luna Estella to rest, Calista gave birth to their son, Rik. Anders and Calista allowed Lily and I to be there immediately after the birth. Lily went straight to Calista, hugging her while she laid on the bed, holding her child. I gave Anders a slap in the shoulder and hugged my dearest friend. I know this is one of the proudest days of his life. It's made even more precious knowing what happened in Shadow Falls a week ago,
I was worried that Lily would suffer after hearing the news that her friend had passed. She took it hard, but thankfully she’s early enough in her pregnancy that it didn’t affect our little girl.
Yep, that’s right. We're having a girl. Lily and I are already thinking of names. I think Lily was worried at first, that I wanted a boy, but honestly, I’m thrilled. I know she'll be daddy’s little girl in no time. Donovan is just as taken with our little girl as I am. All he talks about is how he’s going to take her for runs in the forest and show her the pack lands.
Patrick and Olivia join us in the delivery room, and everyone takes turns holding our next Alpha, Lily and Olivia cooing over him. As Lily is holding him, she looks at Calista. “He’s already got his father’s dark head of hair.” I see Anders smirking at this.
“He does but wait until he looks at you. He’s got my eyes.” Calista says, smiling at her mate. Anders leans in and kisses her softly.
Aweek later, Lily and I are back on protection duty as Anders brings in our neighboring Alphas to celebrate Rik’s birth. I’m not thrilled to have Lily on protection duty. Her stomach has been growing and our little girl is an active baby. Andra and Donovan say we're still okay, but it won’t be long before any significant activity will become a risk for the baby.
Alpha Eric and Zoey come, bringing their three children. Surprisingly, Alpha Christopher comes and brings his daughter, Anastasia. His eyes still look haunted, but I can tell he is trying for his daughter. Leander didn’t come, but his Beta brought Liam. Anders explained to the young Alpha that he and Rik will grow up as friends and remain allies in the future so our packs can continue to thrive together.
As Anders and Calista stand on the stage, introducing Rik to our pack members and the neighboring Alphas, Lily and I take our positions on either side of them.
While there is a lingering sadness among the Alphas, overall, the weekend was relaxed and enjoyable. There were a lot of children running around and Lily seemed to have fun talking about babies and the joys and difficulties of parenthood.
Since I was watching over Lily, I heard Luna Zoey telling the story of Alpha Eric who apparently can’t change a diaper without gagging. Zoey has all the girls doubled over laughing at her reenactment of Eric’s gag reflex when he’s changing a diaper. “I mean seriously! Tell the man to go into a battle and he can slay an army, come home covered in gore and not blink an eye. Ask him to change a diaper and the minute he sees a bit of poop he’s practically hanging over a toilet.
I notice that Lily makes time to speak with Liam, and it’s the only time all weekend that I see him almost smile. After that. I realize that Lily has developed a bond with Liam. She’s not necessarily a surrogate mother to him, but she gives him someone to talk to when he feels like he doesn’t have anyone else.
The next couple of months before our little girl is born, I let Donovan come forward every night. He’s as excited as I am to meet our pup, and since he can’t spend time with Andra, this helps him to feel better. I’ve noticed that our daughter responds to our touch and Donovan's purring. So, every night, Donovan comes forward, purring to our daughter and then when she settles, I talk to her. I tell her about my day. about how wonderful her mother is and about how great her future is going to be.
My mate becomes increasingly grumpy. She can’t spar, but Anders has her lead training morning and afternoon to keep her busy. However, as the days go by, even that is too much for her. In a bizarre twist, my mate who only loves apple pie, which she says is what I smell like, suddenly only wants brownies. I’m not sure if I should be concerned that the scent that my mate used to love has suddenly changed.! ask her if there is another person in the pack that smells like brownies, but she assures me she still loves my scent. She just has a pregnancy craving for brownies.
Thankfully, our Luna is the best. She makes brownies every time Lily wants them and I’m equal parts amazed and horrified that my mate can sit down and eat an entire pan of Calista’s brownies. And since she wants them at least twice a week, that’s quite a feat, even for a werewolf.
Lily and I finally decide on a name, Cara. Lily had been researching names in her spare time. She stumbled across the name Cara and found out that it means “beloved’. We both decided that, since we know our little girl is going to be loved beyond belief by both her parents, it is a fitting name.
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 588
One night, as we lay in bed, Lily moves around as usual trying to find a comfortable position. She keeps rubbing her stomach and pulling my hand over her to calm Cara, since our little girl is especially responsive to me and Donovan. When that doesn’t help, I move down, letting Donovan come forward. He 
begins purring to Cara, trying to soothe her. 
Lily has been having Braxton–Hicks contractions so we’ve become somewhat accustomed to her stomach contracting as we touch and hold her. Usually, our touch can calm the contractions, but tonight. it’s not helping. Lily keeps shifting around and even Donovan’s purring doesn’t seem to be helping. 
All at once, I feel the bed go wet under me. My head pops up and I look at my mate. Her eyes are wide as 
she looks at me then down at her body. 
“Clint.” She says, looking back at me. “I think it’s time.” 
I’m out of bed in an instant. I’m rushing around trying to remember what I’m supposed to do. 
“Okay. Breathe.” I take several breaths trying to calm myself, when that doesn’t work. I start pacing.” 
We’re supposed to stay calm.” I turn to my mate. “Are you calm?” 
My mate has gotten up off the bed and is moving to the closet. She looks at me like I’m crazy, her brows furrowing. “Yeah, are you?”
“Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I’m calm. I’m really calm.” I feel like my head is bobbing up and down like one of those things humans put on the dashboard of their car. My brain has completely emptied of everything. 
My pup is coming! 
“Get your fucking head out of your ass and help our mate!” Donovan yells at me. 
I look up and see that Lily has grabbed her bag that has been packed for weeks. “Here, I’ll take that!” I 
say, thankful that I can do something for her. I throw the bag over my shoulder and look at Lily. 
She looks at me for a minute. “We need to get to the car.” She says to me very slowly as if I’m too stupid 
to understand her. 
“Right! Car!” 
I take off down the stairs and rush out to get in the car. I put her bag in the car and get in the driver side. I 
put the car in drive and Donovan starts yelling in my head again. 
“You’re leaving our mate you moron!” I throw the car in park and as I open the door, Donovan forces a 
shift. 
‘Donovan, what the fuck?” 
“You’re acting like a crazed man. You’re a fucking Guardian and you’re acting like an idiot. I’m taking 
over.”
He grabs the bag out of the car with his teeth and runs back into the packhouse and up the stairs. Lily is holding on to the walls trying to get down the hall. Donovan gently walks up to her, leaning against her as she has a contraction. 
“Hey Donovan. Did you get tired of Clint acting stupid?” 
He chuffs at her. 
“I’m sorry Lily bud. I freaked out. I’m good now.” I say to her in the mind link. 
She turns and looks at Donovan, raising her eyebrow. “Is he?” She asks him. 
“Don’t know, don’t care. I’ll get you and our pup to the pack hospital. Get on my back.” 
Donovan lays down on the floor and once the contraction passes, Lily climbs onto his back. Anders door opens and he looks out. “Lily? What’s going on? Why is Donovan here?” 
“I’m in labor. Clint freaked out and Donovan took over.” 
“Do you need help?” 
“No, Donovan will take good care of us.” 
“I’ll get Calista up and have someone come to watch Rik. We’ll meet you at the pack hospital” 
Donovan stands and begins to gently walk down the stairs. Lily holds on tight and once he’s outside, he begins to move as fast as he can without jostling her.
When we get to the hospital, he walks in howling. He needn’t have bothered. Anders obviously let them know we were coming. A nurse comes to help Lily off Donovan’s back and helps her walk to a delivery room. Lily has another contraction as I shift back, rushing up to hold her. 
“Welcome back, mate.” She says through gritted teeth. 
I get her into bed and settled. They hook her up to machines that will monitor her heart rate and Cara’s. The doctor comes in and checks her. “You’re doing well, Lily. It won’t be long now. 
I turn and look at my mate, her face screwed up with her next contraction. “Have I told you today how much I love you and how wonderful you are, Lily bud.” 
“I love you too, and no matter what I say to you between now and when our daughter is born, don’t forget 
that!” 
Over the next couple of hours, my mate curses my name to the Moon Goddess and anyone that would listen. But in the end, she delivered the most beautiful, precious little girl a father could ever ask for. 
###Chapter 589
As easy as my pregnancy was, adjusting to having a baby has been difficult for me. It’s supposed to be easy, right? Everyone says it comes naturally. Well I’m here to tell you, it doesn’t always come naturally. Like latching on to my breast. Cara is supposed to have some instinct to latch on and my body is supposed to be what she needs, but we struggled. 
It took weeks for us to figure it out and countless tears on my part. 
‘Don’t get frustrated, she’ll feel it.” 
‘Don’t give up, you can do this.” 
‘Don’t do this, don’t do that, try it this way, try it that way.” 
Everyone has a damn opinion about how I should nurse my child or what I’m doing wrong. All it did was 
make me feel more like a failure that it wasn’t working. 
After another bout of crying about being a worthless mother who can’t do the one thing my body is 
inherently meant to do, feed my child, Clint comes and takes her from me. He heats up a bottle, balancing our little girl while managing to heat up the bottle and test it. He’s a natural. I’d love watching him if it 
didn’t make me feel even more like a failure. 
He walks out of our room, and I stand up, putting my breast back into my top and walking to the 
bathroom to splash water on my face to wash away my tears. My face is in the towel, drying off when
Clint comes back in. 
“Come on, Lily bud. We’re going for a run.” He tells me, coming up behind me and wrapping his arms 
around me. 
“Where’s Cara? We can’t just leave her.” 
“She’s with Calista and yes, we can. I told her you need to get out and run. You’re too stressed out and 
this will help. Andra hasn’t been out in months and Donovan misses his mate. Come on.” 
‘He’s right. I miss Donovan too.‘ Andra tells me. 
“Okay.” 
Clint takes my hand and I follow my mate down the stairs and out the back of the packhouse. My breasts 
are huge with milk, or at least huge for me, so I’m uncomfortable stripping like I normally would. I walk to the tree line and Clint follows me. He waits until I shift, it takes a few moments longer than normal while Andra and I adjust to the slightly different shape of my body. 
Once I’ve shifted, Donovan is beside us in an instant. Andra takes off and the feeling of the air flowing through her fur, the scents and sounds of the forest, bring a calm to me that I didn’t know I was missing. We run for hours, Donovan and Andra taking time to reconnect and mate several times while we’re out. 
+15. ROHUS 
When we finally stop at the lake. Clint shifts back. He waits for me to shift as well before wrapping his
arms around me. 
“Feel better, Lily bud? 
“Much. How did you know?” 
He kisses my forehead. “I know my mate. You want to be the best at everything. But you are perfect, just the way you are.” 
I lean into him, missing our time together. I take a deep breath, breathing in his scent of apple pie. Goddess, I love his smell. His hands begin to rub up and down my body, slowly, gently. We make love beside the lake in our spot, the spot where we first connected as mates. When Clint pushes my body over the edge of bliss, I sink my teeth into his mate mark, making him growl his pleasure before he sinks his canines into my mark. This is what I needed. This reconnection with my mate, my life, my love. Everything in my world rights itself and I feel like I can breathe for the first time since Cara was born. 
Commentaires 
Voter (82) 
###Chapter 590
When we get back to the packhouse, I rush to take Cara from Calista. Maybe it’s true what they say, that just needed to relax. Or maybe I just needed my mate, but whatever it is, everything finally begins to connect between me and Cara and I can finally just enjoy my daughter. 
Clint and I get back into a routine and while it can be exhausting having a newborn and training twice a day, working to get my strength and stamina back, it’s worth it. Clint is there beside me every step of the way, and I stop being jealous of how easy my mate makes being a father look and appreciate how amazing his is with our child. 
Clint and I take Cara to Maine for her first birthday. I have some tourists take a picture of the three of us in the same place where we took the picture of Clint and I, the one I gave to him on our first anniversary. I’ll get this one blown up as well and it can go beside the one hanging in our bedroom. In this picture. I’m holding a laughing Cara between us while Clint and I smile at each other over her head, his arms are wrapped around both of us. It’s a perfect picture of our perfect family. 
Over the next few years, there is an increase in attacks on surrounding packs as well as ours. Clint and i are always on the front lines of an attack and Calista is responsible for getting Cara and Rik to the safe rooms. While there are new leaders who are instigating the attacks, many of the fighters attacking us are those from Alpha Benjamin and Alpha Jerome’s previous packs. Sometimes it’s new Alphas who have taken over their packs and want more power or strength and don’t realize the strength of our pack. 
While we are able to defeat our enemies fairly easily, it’s not just our pack that we are protecting. Anders made a promise to Liam that he would help him, and he continues to stick to that. More and more. Liam is taking on an Alpha role. My heart aches for him. He’s so young to have so much responsibility placed on him, however, Leander never recovered from Estella’s death and Anders can
only do so much. Liam called me the morning after his first shift. He was alone and the shift was long and painful for him, but he told me he couldn’t wait to introduce me to his wolf, Cyran. 
In between these times, Clint and I enjoy our daughter. Watching her grow, begin to crawl, then walk and eventually run everywhere. Donovan insists on taking her on walks as soon as she is able to hold on.. She learns quickly how to stay on him while he was walking and running. Sometimes Andra will run beside them and sometimes Donovan wants alone time with his pup. As she gets older, he runs with her in the forest, or curls up around her and guards her if she gets tired and falls asleep while laying on him. He and Clint continue to be the most amazing fathers to our daughter. 
With the frequent attacks on the pack, Clint and I decide to put off having another child. We are still young and Cara is young, so it seems like the best idea. Anders ishappy with our decision. He and Cali decided something similar, not wanting to have to worry about more pups or having Cali pregnant and trying to manage two pups while Anders, Clint and I are away fighting. And this way, I could continue to be not only Cali’s Guardian, but also Rik’s, leaving Clint to focus on Anders. 
While it’s busy and Clint and I always seem to be fighitng to protect our packs, it’s a great life.
###Chapter 591
My girls are the highlight of my life. There is nothing better than having the two of them in my arms together. Some nights, like tonight, I come into our room and my mate and my daughter are on the floor playing together. 
They are playing with blocks and building what looks like a packhouse and pack lands. “There’s my girls.” I say as I walk in. 
“Daddy!” My baby girl gets up and runs over. I scoop her up and throw her in the air, listening to her squeal. I catch her and pull her against me, kissing her face and neck while Donovan purrs against her. 
“Daddy, stop!” She says in a fit of giggles. 
Lily comes over and wraps her arms around me, hugging me. “Welcome home, love.” 
I hold Cara in one arm while Donovan continues to purr at her and take my mate in the other, kissing her until I hear her moaning softly. “I missed you.” I tell her, finally letting her come up for air. 
She looks up at me, her eyes filled with love. “I missed you, too.” 
I lean in, nuzzling her ear. “Maybe you can show me how much you missed me after we put a certain someone to bed.” 
She reaches up, nipping at my ear. “Deal!” 
With that promise. I turn back to my daughter. “So, what are you building over here.” 
daughter shows me her packhouse, having miniatures of Andra and Donovan. I notice there is now a baby wolf too. “Who is this?”
“That’s my wolf, daddy.” 
“It is? What’s her name? Did you introduce her to Andra and Donovan?” 
She nods her head, and we spend the rest of the night playing wolfpack. These quiet moments of playfulness together with my girls are the best. It helps me overcome the frustration of the attacks that seem to be coming more and more frequently. 
For Cara’s fourth birthday, I want to take them back to the island that I took Lily for our 4th anniversary. When I go to see Anders, he is looking over the patrol reports, frowning. 
“That bad, huh?” 
“It’s never ending. I swear, if I’d known it was going to be like this, I’d have either had Rik sooner or waited even longer. Having a mate and a pup who is an heir makes all of this more worrisome.” He says as he tosses his reports across his desk. 
“So, I guess this is a bad time to ask for a long weekend away?” 
He looks up at me. “What did you have in mind?” 
I tell him and he looks at me for a moment. “How long?” 
“Five days.” 
He blows out a breath. “Yeah. Sure, go and enjoy your weekend with your family.” 
I frown. Anders his never acted like he’s concerned about me being away before. 
“What’s up?”
“There are several packs making a move against us and Shadow Falls. I know you work hard for me, but —never mind. Of course, take your family and have a good time.” 
“No. I would never leave you during a time of battle or war, Anders. Even if I could, which I can’t being your Guardian, I wouldn’t.” I tell him. “I’ll wait and see how things stand for our anniversary, that’s a 
couple months away still.” 
Both mine and Lily’s birthdays pass, and our anniversary and the attacks keep coming. Lily and I are an 
amazing fighting machine. Together, no one can defeat us. We can take on 12 wolves between the two of 
us when we are together. We know we can count on the other to protect our back and so we can focus 
on the fight in front of us. Anders and Charles are both powerful as are our warriors, but it’s me and Lily 
that are the tipping point in many of our battles. 
There is loss. While we decimate the packs that attack us, in every battle we lose some warriors. Then, 
sometimes, we lose their mates as well. I’ve never quite figured out why sometimes the mates can 
survive and sometimes they can’t. 
Cara’s fifth birthday comes along. This time, I already know we can’t go away from a long period of time. 
but I need to take my girls away from all the fighting, at least for a couple of days.
I get Anders to agree to a weekend, and we go into the mountains a couple of hours away, Andra and Donovan run with Cara on their backs, playing tag and catch. Cara laughs and whoever she’s riding on 
always miraculously wins. 
It’s a wonderful weekend. We laugh and play with Cara. I find a mountain peak that is high enough to still have snow and Andra and Donovan run up the mountain so we can have a snowball fight. Cara wins, of 
course. And while we have a perfect time while we are there, it’s over too soon. 
When we return, we’re almost immediately back into fighting. Anders begins sending me to Shadow Falls 
and leaving Lily behind to ensure that Calista and Rik are safe. I don’t like being away from Lily. Sometimes it’s necessary, but we don’t fight as well apart and I’m always a bit distracted, trying to keep 
my mind link open to her to make sure that she is okay. 
One night after Donovan takes Cara out for a run, we come back to our room and Lily seems a bit off. 
*IS BONUS 
“Lily bud, are you okay?” 
She turns and smiles at me. “I want to go away for a day, just you and me.” 
I walk over to her, pulling her against me. “I like the sound of that. When?” 
“Tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow? Baby, I don’t know if we can get away that quickly.” 
“Please, Clint. I really want us to go away. Just us. Just for one night. Please.” 
“Okay baby, let me talk to Anders. 
I turn to go find Anders, but she pulls me back. “I love you so much, do you know that? Do you know how 
much I love you?” 
“Baby, what’s going on?” I cup her cheek. Something is definitely wrong. 
“I just need some time with you. Things have been crazy and.and I want time with my mate. I need this. I really need this. I need you.” 
“Okay baby. I’ll let Anders know. Do you think Calista will watch Cara for us?” 
“I’ll go talk to her while you talk to Anders.” 
“Okay Lily bud.” 
When I go to Anders, he originally denies me. But I told him something was up with Lily and he gave in. The next day, we went away, just my Lily bud and me. 
###Chapter 592
One night, not long after Cara’s 5th birthday, I’m in our room, cleaning up while Donovan takes Cara for a run. Suddenly, I feel a presence and I whip around, ready to fight, my claws coming out. As soon as I see the woman, I gasp and my claws recede.
She's beautiful, almost glowing. She’s wearing a floor—length white dress. She’s barefoot and her hair falls long and straight down her back and over her arms.
“Mother.” Andra says, bowing our head in submission.
“Hello, my child. I see you recognize me.”
“Are...are you the Moon Goddess?” I ask, not sure that I’m seeing what I think I’m seeing.
She smiles at me kindly. “Yes, but you may call me Selene.” That seems wildly inappropriate.
“What are you doing here?” I ask her.
“I've come to speak to you. Come, sit with me.” She says as she walks to our couch and sits down, patting the seat beside her.
I go to her and sit. When I do, she reaches out and caresses my hair, similar to how I do with Cara. “ You've been such a good Guardian for me. You have served me well. You have protected your pack, your Luna and your future Alpha. You have even been a loving influence on one of my children that lost both their parents, although only one has joined me.”
“You mean Liam?”
She smiles again. “Of course.”
I shrug. “Anyone would have done the same.”
She is shaking her head before I finish my sentence. “No.”
She is quiet for a moment. “Why are you here?” I ask. Her presence feels ominious.
“I wanted to warn you. You have been such a great child of mine, I felt that I should tell you what is coming.”
My hand flies to my mouth. “Cara?”
“Cara will live a long and beautiful life. She will mate with an Alpha and become Luna of her pack.” “Which Alpha?” I ask, momentarily distracted by the knowledge that my daughter will one day be a Luna. “Can't you guess? You more or less prophesied it before they were born.”
“Rik.” I say and the moment I say it, I know it’s true.
“He will be a good mate to her, although, he will have to win her over. They will have a long, happy life together,”
I smile, thinking of my daughter’s future and how excited I am to see her one day become Luna of our pack. But then my smile fades.
“You haven't answered my question. What have you come to tell me?”
“I know how much you love your mate. And I gave you as many years as I could, but it’s time for another Guardian to take over, time for another to rise. I'm afraid Clint’s time is over.”
I feel like someone just punched me in the gut. No, it feels like someone just stabbed me in the gut and began ripping my insides out. The thought of a life without my mate is incomprehensible to me. I know I can’t live without him. I’m not strong enough.
But he is. He is strong enough to live without me. He is strong enough to survive for our daughter. I’ve seen Alpha Christopher do it. It was hard at first, but over time it’s gotten easier for him. I know Clint could do it. And he deserves it. He deserves to live.
“No. Take me instead. I can’t survive without my mate. He is my everything. Please. If I've been a good. daughter to you, do this for me. Let him live. Take me in his place. Clint is the strongest person I know. He can survive my death, but I will never survive his.” 
Selene looks at me a moment. “The wolf that was to take Donovan's place is set to be a Guardian. If they don't get the Guardian spirit now, the child will have to wait to get her wolf.” I barely register that she says her, instead of him. That’s not important, although it’s odd. 
“But she will get her wolf, right, just later?”
She looks thoughtful for a moment. “Yes, she will.”
“Then that’s fine. She won’t have to live without a wolf forever.” Lots of people get their wolves late, it’s not a big deal. “And the wolf that was meant to get your spirit later in life, will get theirs early.” She says. “That's okay. I'm sure her family will help her, right?”
“Yes, they will help her.”
“Please, say you will spare him. He deserves to live. He is the most amazing mate, the most amazing father anyone could ever want. He’s been exactly the person he promised me he would be and so much more. He's been a perfect Guardian, watching over Anders since he was 10 years old. I've only been a Guardian for 11 years. He’s been doing it for almost 20 years. Please Selene. I would do anything to save my mate. Please. He deserves to live.” 
###Chapter 593
“He will be injured.” 
I cut her off. “He can survive anything. He’s so strong. So much stronger than I am. He will be okay.” 
“Are you sure Lily? It means you will never be able to hold your daughter again.” She says to me kindly. 
“Maybe it makes me selfish, but without Clint, I wouldn’t survive, so I wouldn’t be holding her anyway. This way, at least she’ll have one parent.” 
She stands and I stand in front of her. She cups my face in her hand. “Okay Lily. I will take your life in place of his.” 
My entire body relaxes. “Thank you.” 
She turns walking to the door. Before she walks out, she turns back to me. “You have two days.” 
Two days. I only have two days. 
As soon as 
as Clint comes back, I beg him to go away for one night. He finally agrees and gets Anders to agree. I get Calista to watch Cara. I just need one more day and night with my mate. I need him to remember what it was like for us when everything was good, when it was perfect. 
We leave early the next morning, driving until we find a place that looks good enough to stop. We get a hotel and I convince him to splurge on a suite. The rest of the day and night, I make love to my mate. I
show him in every way possible that he is the most precious thing in my life. I love our daughter, but Clint is everything to me. 
In between our love making. I reminisce about our happy times, our anniversaries and all the beautiful times we’ve had with Cara. I need him to remember. I need him to have this memory and all the memories of our good times when I’m gone. 
The next day when we get home, I spend the evening with our daughter. I watch her sleep, holding her hand and caressing her hair until Clint comes to get me. It makes it easier knowing that she’ll have a good life, even if I’m not in it. 
That night, I don’t sleep. I stay awake, watching Clint sleep. I breathe in his scent, relish the tingles of his. arms wrapped around me until the sun begins to shine in our room and I know our time is up. Today is. the day. The day I will die. 
I wake my precious mate early, wanting to have him inside me one last time. I give him everything, all my love, all my passion, everything that I am. 
When we get the call that we are under attack, I already have Cara in my arms. I’ve hugged and kissed my sweet girl and all I can do now is hope that she will remember me. I take her to the safe room and I realize that Calista is not there. 
I hear Anders panicked voice in my head. “Lily! Calista had Rik out for a walk in the forest. She’s outside.” 
“I’ll find them.” I say. I give my baby girl one final kiss goodbye before I turn, shifting into Andra. 
“Let’s do this my friend.” I say to Andra.
‘For our mate, for our daughter and for our friends.” She replies. 
“Lily, be careful. I’ll see you when it’s done.” Clint says to me as Donovan runs to get to Anders. 
“I love you, Clint.” 
“I love you too, Lily bud. See you soon.” 
I run to where I smell Calista. She is surrounded by wolves. I can tell she is trying to cover Rik with her body. I immediately jump in and begin tearing into these wolves. I take out every bit of anger at having to leave my mate and daughter, every bit of heartache and sadness on these wolves. In my heart, I blame them for taking me away from what I love most in this world. 
But, in the end, there are too many. I take out as many as I can. I can feel them tearing into me as I stand in front of Rik. Calista has shifted and is fighting to protect her son too. 
“Lily! Lily, hold on, I’m coming.” Clint yells in our mind link. 
“I love you, Clint. Never forget that.” I say as my injuries force Andra to shift back. 
I turn, seeing Rik. He’s watching me, his blue eyes wide with terror and shock. He’s so young. Only a couple of months older than Cara. But I need him to promise me that he’ll take care of her, that he will love her. 
“I’m trusting you to watch out for her. Take care of her and keep her safe for me. Promise me Rik. Promise me you’ll always look after my little girl.” 
I’m laying on my back, looking at him. My legs won’t move because of my injuries and as I watch him, I feel the teeth sink into my throat.. 
As the darkness surrounds me, I hear his whisper on the wind. “I promise.”
###Chapter 594
When the call came out, I realized Lily and I would once again be separated thate when we’re 
separated. It’s easier for me to fight when she’s by my side. flut Calista and Pik were exposed and away from Anders. He couldn’t get to them. When Donovan got to Anders, he was fighting off eight wolves at once. Without my help, he would most likely be killed. He’s a strong Alpha, but eight is too many, even for 
1. me. 
I jump in, not thinking twice. This is what I do, it’s what I’ve always done. I protect my Alpha, my friend. Five of the wolves come after me, recognizing me as the bigger threat by the gold color of Donovan’s eyes. I’m fighting them, injuring them, but not able to take them down, when I feel Lily’s pain. It’s 
everywhere. She’s Injured and she’s injured badly. 
“Hold on Lily, I’m coming!” I say and I rip the throat of the first wolf I can get to. My mate is in trouble. 
She needs me. 
Donovan grabs the back of the neck of another woll and shakes his head violently, paralyzing him. “I love 
you Clint, never forget that.” And I feel it. I feel the pain in her throat. 
NO! Oh, goddess, no! Lily! A moment after I think it, I feel the tether to my mate bond snap. In the instant. that it takes my brain to register that my mate is gone, Donovan throws his head back and howls his pain.
Realizing my weakness, a wolf jumps on my back, sinking his teeth into Donovan’s spine. I don’t care. My mate is gone. She’s gone and all that’s left is a hollow aching emptiness in my heart and soul. She’s 
gone and I’m ready to go with her. 
But before the wolf can kill me, it’s ripped off my back. Donovan forces the shift back, causing what 
should be a horrible pain, but nothing can compare to the pain in my heart. She’s gone. She’s gone and I’m alone. My light, my Lily bud, is gone. 
I don’t know how much time goes by, but I wake in the hospital. I hear Anders speaking to the doctors.” He’ll never walk again, Alpha. I’m sorry. He’s broken. It’s not something we can fix.” 
I hear Anders snarl and the sound of things smashing and breaking, bu 
I i don’t care. I’m empty and I just want to die. I beg the Moon Goddess to take me before I fall back into my blissful unconsciousness. 
I’m in a field with wildflowers blooming all around. I look up and see Lily walking towards me. “Lily! Oh goddess, Lily! I thought you were dead.” I grab her and hold on to her. I’ll never let her go again. I’ll never let Anders split us up in a fight again. We’re stronger together, we always have been. 
“Oh, my love. I am dead. But you are not. You need to live for our daughter.” 
I’m shaking my head before she finishes. “Anders and Calista will raise her, they will take good care of her. I need to be with you.” 
“You know I love you, right?” 
“Of course, and I love you.”
“Then, I need you to do something for me, Clint.” 
“Anything Lily bud. You know I’ll do anything for you.” 
She cups my face in her hands. “I need you to live, Clint.” I start shaking my head. 
“Not without you.” 
“You need to live, for Cara. You’re strong. Clint. You can do this. I love you and I will never stop loving you. But I need you to live and be a father to our daughter. Don’t make her grow up without either parent. Do this for me. Please. Promise me you’ll live for our daughter.” 
“I don’t want to live without you.” 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2%) 
GET IT 
###Chapter 595
“I know, and I don’t want to be away from you. But I’ll always be here, in your heart.” She puts her hand on my heart. “Whenever you miss me, think of all the wonderful times we had together, think of all the beautiful memories we shared. Tell those stories to Cara. Tell her of the beautiful romance that we had and how we loved each other more than any two people ever have. I will live on in your memories and in your heart.” 
“Don’t leave me Lity. I can’t do this without you.” 
“You can, and you will. Do it for me and do it for Cara. Do it for your girls.” 
She leans in and kisses me. I reach out to pull her into me, to hold on to her, but she’s gone. When I open my eyes, I’m back in the hospital room, alone. I close my eyes, and sob until I’m pulled under by 
exhaustion again. 
The next time I wake, Calista is sitting by my bed, holding my hand. When I look at her, her eyes are red- rimmed and puffy, and her nose looks raw from wiping it. As soon as she sees my eyes open, her tears 
begin again. 
“I’m so sorry, Clint. She saved me and Rik. I tried to get to her, but I was too late. I’m sorry.” She begins to sob, but I don’t have it in me to try and comfort her. I’m so empty. I had no idea a person could feel this empty and still survive. I understand exactly what Leander has been going through. He’s a shell of a person. He’s a body with no heart or soul, and now, I am too. 
Anders comes in, no doubt feeling his mate’s heartache. I would do anything to feel Lily’s heartache, to feel her anger at me, to feel anything from her again. When he walks in, he sees me awake.
“Clint, you’re awake.” 
“Where’s Cara? 
“She’s safe, Calista and Donna have been taking turns looking after her. Although she’s been crying a lot. 
asking for you. 
“You should bring her here, let her see me.” 
I watch as Calista stands to leave. Anders runs his hand down her arm and kisses the top of her head. The pain of seeing their gentle intimacy is almost too much to bear. I had that a couple of days ago, and now, I’ll never have it again. 
Anders waits until Calista leaves before sitting down in the seat she vacated. “Clint. I know you’re hurting, that you’re in a bad place, but I need to tell you something.” 
I don’t look at him. I can’t. I don’t want to see his pity. I already know what he’s going to tell me. I can’t feel anything from my waist to my toes. Nothing. I tried wiggling my toes, moving my legs, anything, but there is nothing. 
“I already know I’m paralyzed. You don’t have to tell me.” 
+15 BCAUS 
“We’ll figure it out. I’ve already ordered the best wheelchair for you. Charles and I are researching every surgeon in the world. I won’t give up.” 
“Thanks.” What else can I say. Lily wanted me to live for Cara, so I will. I will do that for the love of my life, but that doesn’t mean I will be here. It doesn’t mean that I can stay in this pack. I was the greatest
warrior in the pack and now I’m nothing. 
I’ve heard them in the hallway outside my door. I may be a paraplegic, but my hearing is still that of a 
Guardian. I know what they are calling me. I’ve gone from being the strongest warrior in pack, the Big 
Daddy Badass to nothing. No, I’m worse than nothing. I’m the Broken Warrior. 
Cooper Author 
This one was still hard to write. It will start g getting easier from here. 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2K) 
? IS BONUS. 
###Chapter 596
I wake up in a beautiful meadow. It feels like spring. The air is warm, but not hot. There’s a stream gurgling nearby and birds are singing all around me. I sit up, looking around. 
“Andra?‘ 
My head is empty. Andra is gone. 
Is this death? I’m in a beautiful place, but I’m alone? 
“Andra!” I yell, looking around. 
And that’s when I see her. Selene. Beside her is a beautiful brown woll. “Andra?” 
She comes bounding over to me, tackling me to the ground. “Andra. Oh Andra!” I say, hugging her and running my fingers through her fur. 
I look up and stand as Selene walks up. “Lily.” She says to me before looking around. 
“Is this your realm?” I ask her, following her gaze. 
“No, it isn’t. It seems you Guardians continue to surprise me. You’ve put yourself in a place where it 
appears you can choose.” 
“Choose?” 
“Choose to come with me to my realm or stay and watch over your family and friends.” She gestures in a 
direction, and I see what looks like a pack gathering in the distance.
“Why can’t I hear Andra in my head?” I ask, looking back at my wolf. 
She turns back, running her fingers through Andra’s fur. “You were a Guardian. As such, the spirit of the 
Guardian must go to another. In order for that to happen, I have to separate you from your wolf. So, this is Andra, and she can understand you, but you will no longer be able to hear her in your head. You are now two beings, rather than one. She is the same, other than no longer being a Guardian.” 
I bend down, wrapping my arms around her. “I’m so glad you’re here with me. For a moment. I thought 
you were gone too.” 
She chuffs at me. I smile, pulling back to look at her. “We’ll have to figure out a new way to communicate, although, having had you in my head for nearly 20 years, I think I know what you’re 
thinking.” 
She rubs her face against me before I stand. I look at the pack gathering and then back to Selene. 
“I can stay here?” 
She smiles at me. “Apparently, you can. No other child of mine has ever ended up somewhere other than 
my realm when they passed, but here you are.” 
I turn back to the gathering in the distance, feeling drawn to it. “I’d like to stay here. How long do I have?” I ask her. 
She looks around. “Since you created this plane, I’d say you have as long as you choose to stay here.”
I take a step toward the gathering. “How will I let you know when I’m ready to come to your realm?” 
“Something tells me I’ll know.” She says. 
I look at Andra and in unison, we begin jogging to the gathering. As I get closer, I realize it’s a funeral They are laying someone to rest, and I can hear the gentle sobs of those watching the service. At the front is a pyre. This person is getting a warrior’s send off. 
As we walk closer, I see Clint in a wheelchair and my heart aches at the sight. Selene said he’d be 
injured. I hadn’t considered that it might be permanent. He looks empty, haunted, devoid of all emotion. I suddenly have a flash of seeing him in this life, telling him he has to live for our daughter. I’m thankful he 
has done this for me. 
Cara is sitting on his lap, his arms are wrapped around her and her head is buried in his neck as she cries. Beside him, Calista stands, looking almost as distraught as Clint. She is holding Rik’s hand and tears are falling down his face as well. Beside Rik is Liam. He is standing stoically, but I can see the tension on his face. As I look, I see Alpha Christopher and Anastasia, Alpha Eric, Zoe and their children and many other pack representatives that I’ve met over the years. Our entire pack is here, making this a 
huge event. 
I turn back and see Anders standing above the pyre on a stage and suddenly I realize this is my My hand instantly reaches out for Andra and she is there, standing next to me. I look back at the hundreds of people who have gathered to say goodbye to me. All of them are in tears. 
funeral.
I’m suddenly reminded of something I heard years ago, called the ripple effect. You don’t always realize the impact you have on other people’s lives. One drop into a body of water sends ripples out in every direction. As I watch, I open my mind and I hear the voices, thanking me for saving them, saving their children, their mates, for being a friend when they had no one else, for being kind to them when they needed someone. I’m overwhelmed at the outpouring of love. 
PON BUNDLE- get more free bonus: 
GET IT
###Chapter 597
As Anders finishes his speech, his voice breaking, he stands to light the pyre holding my physical body. I walk to Clint, putting my hand on his shoulder, Andra walks beside his wheelchair and leans against him. both of us lending him what strength we can.
As the fire burns, everyone begins to move toward the packhouse. They will have a celebration of my life. That is what we do in our pack, we celebrate the life of the ones we've lost. As I look down, I can see that Clint will not be celebrating today. He stays, watching my body burn, long after everyone else has gone.
Calista comes to take Cara and tries to get Clint to come too, but he just shakes his head. I stay with Clint. “You can do this, my love. You're so strong, I know you can do this.” I say to him, knowing he can’t
hear me.
As we stand here, Alpha Christopher comes to stand beside Clint. “I know what you’re feeling. And I know you want nothing more than to lay down and hope the Moon Goddess takes you to join your mate. But you have to live for your daughter. She needs you.”
“How?” Clint whispers, his voice sounding rough and raw.
“Everyday when you wake up, you get out of bed. Then you shower. Then you get your daughter up, make sure she’s fed and get her off to school. Then you do it again in reverse in the evening when she comes home. Eventually, you don’t have to fight to do each step, you just start going through the motions. And then you start filling in the time when she’s gone. At least, that’s what I did. You'll never get over it, never
get over her, but it does get easier with time.”
As the two of them stand together, watching the pyre burn. I turn to find my daughter. When I do, I see her sitting in a chair. Someone, probably Calista has brought her some food, but she’s not eating. When no one is looking, she ducks away and climbs the stairs to our room. The room has been re-arranged. The bed is gone and so are most of our belongings. I’m guessing they had to move Clint to the first floor
since he couldn’t get upstairs any longer.
I watch as she pulls a blanket from the closet and wraps it around herself. It’s the blanket that I had her wrapped in when I took her to the safe room. She takes a deep breath, sniffing my scent on the blanket
as tears slide down her cheeks.
Behind me. I hear a noise and turn to see Liam. He doesn’t say anything, he just goes and sits beside Lily, wrapping his arm around her and holding her while she cries.
When she finally pulls away, she looks up at him. “I’m sorry, Alpha. I shouldn’t be crying on you like this.” “How about, we make this our little secret? I won't tell, if you won’t tell. Okay?”
My heart clenches as I hear my words to Liam all those years ago repeated to my daughter.
She nods, leaning against him as the tears start again. “My mommy is dead.”
“I know. She was my friend. I’m going to miss her.” He rocks her back and forth as she cries.
“You know, I lost my mom when I was about your age.” He tells her.
She looks up at him, her emerald eyes shining through her tears. “You did?”
“I did. And you know what helped me?”
She shakes her head at him.
“Your mom. She gave me her number and told me to call her anytime I needed to talk. And you know what? She always answered when I called.”
“I don’t have anyone to call.” My sweet girl says tearfully.
“Sure you do. You have me. I'll be your friend and any time you need to talk, no matter what time it is, you call me, and I'll answer. Even if you just need to cry or tell me about your day. Whatever it is, I'll always
be here for you Cara.”
I watch as he gets up and finds a pen and paper, writing his number down for Cara. “You have a phone. right?”
“Yes, there is one in our room.”
“Okay, then anytime, Cara. I mean it. And, if you need to get out, Cyran can take you for a run. He’d be happy to carry you or run with you, if you ever want to go.”
“Thank you, Alpha.” 
“Call me Liam.”
“Thank you, Liam.” 
Cooper Author
And this is how the friendship between Cara and Liam started. And how Clint learned how to live without tlly. Updates daily. 
Commentaires 7
7
Voter (ax)
###Chapter 598
When I returned to the packhouse after being in the hospital, Anders had moved most of my things to a room on the first floor. It was just another reminder of how far I had fallen. The name stuck and I could 
hear people whispering about the broken warrior“. 
I waited until after Lily’s funeral before approaching Anders. 
“I’m leaving Anders.” 
“Where are you headed, Clint.” He asks me as we navigate through the packhouse. It was never meant to house a wheelchair. Anders has made accommodations for me, but it’s not how the packhouse was built. 
“I’m taking Cara and we’re leaving. I can’t stay here.” 
He stops, turning to look at me. “No.” 
“You don’t have a say in it. I’m no good to you anymore. I’m not even capable of being your Guardian.” 
“You’re still a warrior in this pack.” 
“But a broken warrior, right? Isn’t that what everyone is calling me, the broken warrior? I can’t live like 
this. I won’t live like this.” 
Anders snarls and he immediately sends out an Alpha command telling everyone that if they are heard 
calling me the broken warrior again, they will answer to him. His aura is so strong, I hear several omegas
in the packhouse yelp. 
He turns back to me. “You’re not leaving. That’s an order.” I see Zakai has come forward and I feel his 
Alpha aura pushing over me. 
I scoff at him. “I may be broken, but I’m still a Guardian. Your Alpha aura has no effect on me.” Even 
though Donovan is still suffering from the loss of our mate and can’t come forward, I’m still not affected by the Alpha aura. Donovan wants to leave the pack too, and he’s only harging on because of our pup. 
Calista comes running up. “What’s going on?” 
“Clint thinks he’s leaving our pack. He’s not.” He snarls at me. 
Calista crouches in front of me. “Clint. Please. We’ve already lost Lily. We can’t lose you and Cara too.” 
Calista has always been a gentle soul. Between that and her long–term friendship with Lily, I can’t bring 
myself to be unkind to her, so my voice is gentler when I speak. 
“I can’t stay here, Calista. I don’t belong here anymore.” 
She puts her hand on mine. “You do belong here. You are a Guardian of this pack, and you are my best friend’s mate. But I understand if being in the packhouse isn’t comfortable for you any longer. Will you 
give me a couple of months. Let me make other arrangements for you and Cara? Will you do that for me. please?”
I nod, knowing I can’t deny her. True to her word, two months later, Calista and Anders take me and Cara to a house that they built on the edge of the pack territory. “I’ve told the patrols to give this place a wide berth. You’ll have privacy and no one will bother you here. If you see anyone breaching the borders, send up the alarm. Otherwise, you won’t see anyone you don’t want to see.” 
They walk us inside. The house has been built for someone in a wheelchair. The counters are lower, the downstairs bedroom has wide doorways and rails in the shower so I can get myself in and out on my own. The bathroom sink is low enough for me to use without having to pull myself up and has an opening so I can slide my wheelchair underneath as I get ready in the morning. 
I can hear Cara upstairs. Calista took her up to show her her new bedroom. Anders showed me pictures and told me if I wanted to go see it, he’d carry me up when Cara wasn’t home. Calista decorated it for her but told her if she wanted to make any changes, she could. The only thing Cara asked for was a phone. I’ve noticed that she calls Alpha Liam when she’s feeling down. At first, I thought he would tell her to stop calling, but he never does, and he answers every time she calls. I’ve even heard her call in the middle of the night when she couldn’t sleep. 
The house is more comfortable for me, and even though Cara is still young, Calista makes a point to check on her and come tuck her into bed every night. I begin to feel like I can breathe again. I understand what Alpha Christopher meant about fighting through and taking the necessary steps until you don’t have to fight them anymore. Once we moved into the house, it was just me and Cara. She and I didn’t have anyone else to help her get up and get ready, so I had to do it. Eventually, I get into a morning and evening routine and the days goes by. 
Commentaires
###Chapter 599
About a month after we moved into the house, Calista had a ceremony in our memorial garden. We don’t bury our dead, like some humans do, we burn them, sending them to the Moon Goddess. But that doesn’t mean that we don’t want a place where we can go to spend time with the memory of our loved ones. 
Anders comes to get me and Cara and drives us to the memorial. I think it was planned to be small, but the entire pack has shown up to honor my mate’s memory. When the statute goes in, I know that Calista designed it herself. It’s an angel looking down on her wolfpack. It’s exactly what Lily did her entire life. She fought for the pack and died for the pack. I have Cara take the flowers that I bought for today and Calista helps her set them beside the statute. I’ll have to find a way to come here and visit her. It’s a bit of a ways from our house, but what else do I have to do every day while Cara is at school? 
As more time goes by, I begin to fill in the time while Cara is at school. In the mornings, I wheel myself to Lily’s memorial, stopping to get flowers and leaving them for her. I talk to her, and it helps me. Sometimes, it even feels like she is there with me, and it brings me peace. I tell her about everything that is going on with Cara and how beautiful our daughter is. In the evenings, after Cara is asleep. I go to my room and lay on my bed, looking at my guitar in the corner of the room or at the pictures of Lily and I in Maine and of the three of us in the same spot years later. I’ll close my eyes as I fall asleep and dream of the good times with my mate. It makes it hard to wake up in the morning when I’m alone, but it helps me 
to get some sleep at night. 
Anders insists on coming for dinner every Thursday night. Calista comes by several times a week, bringing food and making sure that Cara is doing okay. But I think she is checking up on me, too. I
notice that Calista never comes on Thursdays and eventually, I ask Anders about it. He says he misses his 
friend and so this is ‘our‘ time. 
About a year after losing Lily, Calista and Anders show up at my house with a van. “This is for you, Clint.” 
Anders says to me, gesturing at the van. 
I look at him a moment. I can’t believe he would do something this callous. He knows I can’t drive. I’m 
about to turn around and go back inside when Calista puts her hand on my arm. “Clint, we would never be so cruel as to offer you a gift you couldn’t use. Before you turn away, let us show you what we’ve 
done.” 
I find I still can’t say no to Calista. So, I watch as Anders pushes a button on the side of the van. The door slides open, and a ramp unfolds. He gestures for me to go in. “Take a look.” He says, smiling. 
I look from him to Calista who nods at me. I wheel myself inside the van and see that it has been modified to allow for me and my wheelchair. I wheel over to the driver’s seat while Anders gets in the 
passenger seat. “It will take some adjustment on your part, but the foot pedals have been shifted into hand pedals.” He points to two hand holds on the sides of the steering wheel. 
I look at him and back to Calista. “You did this for me?” 
“Of course. You’re my best friend and it must be tiresome trying to go everywhere in your wheelchair. I know you’re too stubborn to ever ask for help, so we got you this. At least now, if Cara needs to go
somewhere, you don’t have to ask anyone, you can take her yourself. But I’d suggest you practice before bringing her along. Shall we give it a go?” He asks me. 
“Right now?” 
“No time like the present.” He says and shows me where the button is to lift the ramp and close the side door on the van. I shift from my wheelchair to the driver’s seat and adjust everything to fit me 
comfortably. 
“See you later, Cali.” He says before leaning back in his seat. I feel like I’m learning to drive all over again. but a couple hours later, I think I’ve got the general hang of it. 
“Thank you, Anders.” I say to my friend. 
“Anything for you, my friend.” 
Cooper Author 
Clint is finding a life without Lily: What do you think of Anders and Calista’s gift? 
Commentaires
###Chapter 600
Time moves differently in this place. At first, it moved slowly. I spent a lot of time with Cara and Clint as they were hurting so much. Most nights, I would sleep beside Clint. But if I heard Cara crying. I’d go lay down with her. Sometimes I would spend time with Calista who holds a lot of quilt for my death. No matter how many times Anders tells her it wasn’t her fault, she still blames herself. 
I listen to my daughter when she calls Liam, crying on the phone, or telling him something funny that happened at school. She’s afraid to tell her father, although he usually already knows. But she doesn’t want to upset him because she is finding small moments of happiness. Liam is always a good friend to her, supporting her and validating her feelings. I’m not sure I realized how important it was for him to have me, until I watch how valuable having him is to Cara. 
I watch as Clint slowly begins to live again. I like sitting with him at my memorial. It’s like he’s really talking to me. Andra really likes the memorial, too. She goes and lays on it when Clint is there, almost like she’s watching over the pack with me. And I guess she is. She and I have developed a language of sorts. We shared headspace together long enough that we both usually know what the other is thinking but we have found ways to communicate when we don’t. 
I watch my beautiful daughter grow. And on her 10th birthday. I’m there to see her get her wolf. The party had been wonderful, Calista had planned the party at Clint and Cara’s house. She invited Cara’s friends 
and even Liam was in attendance. Rik was at some event for Alphas that recently got their wolves, so he 
wasn’t in attendance. What I, nor anyone else was expecting was that Artemis would have the golden eyes of a Guardian.
When Artemis pushed forward, everyone, including me, gasped. I don’t know if this is something that has ever happened before. Donovan recovered first, greeting his daughter and telling her how much he loves 
her. Liam was second, asking her if she’d like to go for a run after her shift. I’m glad he’s willing to do 
that for her. Since Andra and I aren’t there, and Donovan is unable, having a friend who can also look 
after her on her first run is the next best thing. 
I watch that night as she shifts for the first time. Donovan shifts for the first time since his injury. I can tell it’s extremely painful for both of them, but to their credit, no one says a word. After the shift, Donovan pulls himself over to Cara and lays beside her as she shifts. Andra is laying on her other side, lending her 
support as well. Calista, Anders and Liam are there to encourage her and help guide her through her first shift. As soon as she shifts, Andra howls her pleasure at our beautiful daughter, and I feel tears in my 
eyes. 
Liam shifts into Cyran and takes Artemis on her first run. Anders helps Clint shift back and then helps him into his wheelchair. 
“Have you ever heard of this happening before?” Clint asks Anders and Cali when they are back inside 
and he has gotten dressed. 
“No. Did you ever find that book you were looking for?” 
What book?
“No. I searched everywhere I knew to search after we realized that Lily,” his voice breaks for a moment 
before he recovers, “when we first realized Lily was immune to wolfsbane. Then, when I became immune after our mating, I searched again, but never found it.” 
“I’ll look around again. But Clint, we need to be careful with her. She’s definitely a Guardian and you that means that other Alphas will come looking for her.” 
know 
“I’d like to see them get through me.” He snarls and I can hear Donovan’s voice overlaying on Clint’s. And this is why I knew he was the better person to survive. He will keep our daughter safe and protected from others. I’m even more thankful now that she has a friendship with Liam. He took over as Alpha a few months ago when his father finally passed into the Moon Goddess realm. He will help keep her safe. 
Commentaires
###Chapter 601
Cyran runs with Artemis for hours. Andra had gone to follow and watch over them and I joined her. watching as Cyran nipped at Artemis’s heels and played with her. He’s really good with her. 
SO 
When they finally returned, Clint and Liam helped her shift back before Liam headed home. She excited that she chattered to Clint for a long time before she finally began to feel the fatigue of the day and went to bed. 
As much as I wanted to spend some time with Cara, I needed to try to connect to Clint tonight. I’d never tried to push through to him. Sometimes, I’d feel a connection, when I wasn’t trying, but I needed to find a way to make the connection work. I need to speak to my mate. 
I waited until he was in bed before laying down beside him. He does what he always does, he talks to me. telling me about Cara, remembering the good times before falling asleep. This time. I close my eyes and follow his thoughts, letting myself drift off with him. 
When I open my eyes, I see we’re back in Maine. It’s just the two of us and we’re walking hand in hand beside the ocean. “Clint, can you hear me?” 
He turns and looks at me. “Of course. Lily bud. I can always hear you.” 
“Do you remember that our daughter had her first shift tonight?” 
I watch as he frowns. This is not part of the memory. When he looks back up at me, his frown 
disappears, and his eyes widen. “Lily bud, is it really you?” He whispers, and his hand tentatively reaches.
out to touch me. 
“Yes, it’s really me.” 
“How?” 
“I’m not sure. I just knew I needed to talk to you and so I followed you into your dream.” 
Tears begin falling down his cheeks. “I miss you so much.” 
I 
“Do you remember what I told you? That I’m always here?” I say and put my hand over his heart. 
His hand covers mine. “Yes.” 
“I am always here. I’ve been here all along, watching over you and Cara. Thank you for keeping your promise to me and raising our daughter. I know it’s been hard, but I’m so proud of you for fighting through it.” 
“Wait. You’re always around.” 
“Mmmhmm. I lay with you almost every night unless Cara is upset. Then I go sleep with her. I’ve watched you through your struggles and how you’ve pushed yourself to be there for Cara. Which is why 
I’m here. I need you to do something else for me, for her.” 
He’s caressing my face, his hands in my hair, touching me like he still can’t believe I’m here in front of 
him.
“Whatever you need Lily bud, you know that. I would do anything for you.” 
“I know. I need you to train Cara. She’s a Guardian. She needs a Guardian to train her.” 
“But. Lily. I’m broken.” 
“No, you’re not. You’re in a wheelchair but that’s different. You are still the strongest person I’ve ever 
met. You made me stronger than I ever knew I could be. Cara has her wolf now, a Guardian. You need to make her strong. Make her into the Guardian she is meant to be.” 
Will you do this for mo?” 
I lean my forehead against his. “Will you do this for me?” 
“Of course. You know I could never tell you no. Plus, if I know you’re watching me, I’d never want you to 
be disappointed in me.” 
I rub my nose against his. “I could never be disappointed in you. You make me so proud to have been 
your mate every day.” 
“Will I see you again?” 
“I don’t know. I’ll try, but I’m not exactly sure how I did this. But just know, I’m always here, in your heart.” I put my hand on his heart again. “And when you feel me beside you, it’s because I’m really there.” 
“I love you Lily bud.”
“I love you too Clint, always.” I kiss him before the dream fades away and I’m laying beside him in bed His eyes open and he looks around. He taps his hand to his heart. 
“You’re always here, Lily bud.” 
+15 
BONUS 
###Chapter 602
My Lily bud is always here, watching over me and Cara. It changes things for me. It makes the days easier. I have no intention of letting my mate down, so I begin to plan what needs to happen to train my daughter and make her the strongest Guardian alive. 
That does give me a moment of pause. Guardians are reborn, so where is Andra’s Guardian spirit?! 
would look after her too, make sure she is safe. I need to talk to Anders about that, see if she’s popped 
up somewhere and I’ve just been so lost in my grief that I didn’t pay attention. 
The next couple of days, I make a plan to build a training ground for Cara. I make a list of all the 
materials I’ll need and what I can do in the interim while I’m building. When I go to the store for my dinner with Anders, I grab some steaks, potatoes and green beans. I pick Cara up from school and send her to the table to do her homework while I start dinner. It’s Thursday and I have a lot to prepare before Anders 
arrives. 
“Dad, what’s going on?” Cara says, watching me from the dining room table as I bustle around the 
kitchen. 
“I have a lot to discuss with Anders tonight. I have some ideas for your training.” I stop and turn to her.” Are you and Artemis ready to begin your training, not only as a warrior of this pack but also as 
Guardians?” 
I watch as her face transitions from disbelief, to surprise to excitement. “You and Donovan are going to
train us?” 
“No one knows how to train a Guardian better than another Guardian.” 
“Dad!” She says, jumping up and rushing to hug me. 
“Don’t get too excited. I’m going to work you hard, Cara. I’ll push you harder than you knew you could be pushed.” 
“We won’t let you down, Dad.” She says, Artemis’s voice overlaying with my daughter’s. Donovan pushes forward, goddess it’s good to have him back, and we answer together. “I know you won’t. You are your mother’s daughter, after all.” 
Cara pulls back, looking at me, a question in her eyes. “And that reminds me of a promise I made your mother.” So, while I make dinner, I begin to tell Cara about Lily and about our life together. I know I’ve been negligent in telling Cara about her mother. Now, she’s like a sponge and my stories are the water she’s soaking up. 
Anders is understandably shocked when he arrives, and dinner is almost ready. The meal he brought with him is put in the fridge and we have a nice dinner together, the three of us. I continue to relay stories. of Lily to Cara over dinner, with Anders telling some of his own about my mate. When we finish dinner, before Cara heads upstairs to finish her homework, she comes over and wraps her arms around me.” 
Thanks Dad. Tonight was great.” She kisses my cheek and heads upstairs. I watch her go, realizing how much I haven’t been there for my little girl. That changes today.
“You want to tell me what’s going on?” Anders says to me. He clears the dessert plates, and we move into the living room. I grab my plans and take a seat across from him. “Lily came to me in a dream this week. Besides telling me that she’s always here.” I spread my arms to include this room, because maybe she is here right now. “she told me I have to train Cara to be a Guardian.” 
“Okay.” He nods his head in agreement. “Does that mean you’re finally going to come back and participate in warrior training?” 
“No. It means that I’m going to need your help getting the foundation of an indoor and outdoor training facility started. I can’t get it set into the ground, but I can do the rest.” 
He’s looking at me like I’ve lost my mind. “And, just how to plan to build not one, but two training facilities for your daughter? And why can’t you just come train her with the other warriors?” 
“To answer you first question, I’m a Guardian and I’m going to start rebuilding the strength in my upper body. I’ll do that by building these two structures.” I hand him my plans. “As to why I won’t train her with your warriors? Eventually, she can start training with them, she’ll need the sparring experience, but I’m going to get her started for the first couple of years, and I’ll always train her in the afternoons. She’s a Guardian and she needs to be trained like a Guardian.” 
He looks over the plans I’ve made and whistles, looking back up at me. “Can I steal these when you’re done?” 
“No.” He laughs, handing them back to me. 
“When do you want to break ground?” 
“Yesterday.” 
builders co
He makes some calls and get the to be here on Monday after Cara goes to school. 
We also talk about Andra’s Guardian spirit. Anders has never heard that another Guardian awakening.” She could still be underage, and being hidden, like we are with Cara.” 
He’s right. It’s only been five years since Lily’s death. If the new Guardian was only 10 at the t still be a minor. “Please just keep your ears open for me. If we find her, I want to meet her.” 
Before he leaves that night, he turns to me. “It’s good to have you back, my friend.” 
“It’s good to be back. It’s good to feel like I have a use again.” 
“You have always had a use in this pack.” 
time, she 
I shake m 
my head. “No, I didn’t. I couldn’t be what I had been. As usual, it’s Lily that helps me to see that I need to look at things differently. And now that I am, I intend to make her proud of me, every day.” 
I wheel myself to the front patio as he walks to his car. “Is Thursday night going to become steak night. 
every week? Because I’ve got to tell you, you make a mean steak, Clint.” 
“I’ll tell you what. Tell Calista she can make dessert and I’ll cook you a steak every week.” 
“Deal!”
That night, when I go to bed, I tell Lily all about my plans, what Cara’s training schedule will look like, and I even remember a couple of things that I had forgotten that I used to do with Lily. I don’t know if it’s because she’s here with me that I remembered, but I’m assuming it is. Maybe she’s whispering in my ear, or maybe she’s just laying here like she used to, helping me to think. Either way, I fall asleep with a smile on my face for the first time in years. And the next morning when I wake up, my heart doesn’t feel heavy. I have a lot of work to do, and the first part is making myself strong again. 
Cooper 
Author 
Clint is finally beginning to heal. 
Like 
(?) 
Commentaires 
Voter (8.2k) 
###Chapter 603
For the next few years, I get into a pattern of training Cara. We train early in the morning, then while she is at school, I work on my upper body strength by building and testing the training facilities I’m building for her. It’s a work in progress, but I feet closer to Lily while 1 build this for our daughter. In the afternoons, I train Cara again, sometimes joining her, and then it’s dinner, homework and bed before we turn around 
and do it again. 
Cara is the absolute best daughter a parent could ever want. I don’t know if it’s because we had those years after Lily’s death where I struggled to be present, but she never tests me. She is smart, and we talk about her schoolwork, her studies, and I give her extra Guardian studies during the weekends when she’s 
training her endurance in the pool. 
The older Cara gets, the more she looks like Lily. She’s gorgeous and I’m thankful that she has listened 
to everything I’ve told her about the mate bond and that she’s waiting for her mate. I told her about the struggles Lily and I had when I first met her because of my “loose” ways before we dated. And I also told 
her, as best I could to someone that hasn’t experienced it, how amazing the mate bond is. 
We talked of her expectations of being a Guardian. Anders expects that she will be Rik’s Guardian as I was his, but that has yet to be determined. She and Rik aren’t close. That is partly my fault. I think, but it’s also partly the need to keep her protected. I don’t let her go to large pack events, especially when
there are other Alphas visiting. I have no intention of letting what happened to Lily, happen to Cara. So, we train 
and talk about her mom most nights and she grows up before my eyes. 
When Cara turns 15, Anders pushes me to let her train with the other warriors. I knew it was time. She had sparred with Anders on occasion and also her best friend Jason, but that was about it. I asked her if 
she wanted to train and it was her excitement and Anders saying he would take over the morning 
training, that ended any reservations I had. 
Cara’s friendship with Liam has continued, I was even more surprised after he took over as Alpha that he 
didn’t stop her calls to him. They had become fewer but more consistent. It seems like she calls him on Sunday evenings before her week starts. She’ll tell him about her week, training and school and from what I can hear, he’ll listen. He makes her laugh, and it sounds like she makes him taugh too. 
When she turns 17, she asks me about going out to the local club. She said Liam told her about it and she could go once she turned 17. It’s a dance club and I asked Anders about it. He said a lot of the kids would go there, including Rik and Chase. So, I said yes. What I didn’t realize was that this would be how 
Liam would make his move on my daughter. 
About three months after Cara started going dancing every week, Liam brought her home. He came up to
the door and asked to speak to me. He told me that he was interested in my daughter as a potential mate, that he knew she was underage and that he would respect her, me and her desire to wait for her fated mate. I told him that, if he could be respectful of my daughter, I had no problems with him spending time with her. But I cautioned him that, regardless of him being an Alpha, I would not pressure Cara into 
any relationship. It was her choice. 
+IS BONUS 
As she got closer to her 18th birthday, suddenly, Rik was in the picture. I’m not sure how he went his entire life not knowing my daughter, but once he realized who she was, he went all–in to win her over. I was thrilled and shocked when he got her The History of the Guardians. I had been searching for that book for years, and he got it for my daughter. 
Anders continued to push me to be involved in the training of his warriors and I started thinking it over. If it turned out that Cara was mated to either Liam or Rik, she would become Luna and I would lose the 
purpose I have gained by being her trainer. 
The only blight on this time was when Cara was kidnapped. I was so proud of my daughter. She handled herself well, fought like a Guardian and recovered like a champ. Even if I wanted her to take more time to heal, she showed me once again that she’s her mother’s daughter. 
After the attack that caused her kidnapping, and her quick healing. I agreed with Anders that I would 
begin training his warriors. Rik had told us that his wolf, Kai, recognized Cara as his mate. I warned him that it was Cara’s decision who she took as a mate. I won’t have an Alpha pressuring her to mate. He 
agreed.
? 
I think the warriors were shocked at how tough I was on them. I was impressed with Rik. He handled it 
like the Alpha he is and never once complained. He supported and encouraged his warriors while continued to try to beat them into the ground. 
Eventually, warriors from my time started coming to training. They were happy to see me back in a training role and battled to get their strength back. Anders made a point to tell me that having me back in warrior training not only strengthened the young warriors, it strengthened our older warriors, therefore strengthening the entire pack. 
I began spending more time in the packhouse. Anders still had it revised for me and while I didn’t spend a ton of time there, I would go for meals and to spend time with Anders and the warriors. At night I would still talk to Lily and though she never showed herself to me again, I felt her presence from time to time and I knew she was there.. 
IS BONUS 
###Chapter 604
I’ve continued to watch the life of my family. I’ve watched my daughter grow into a beautiful woman. She is not only beautiful on the outside, but she’s also beautiful on the inside. Clint has done such a great job. raising her, as I knew he would. And I love that he still talks to me at night, as if I’m right beside him. 
which, of course, I am. 
I’ve watched as Cara developed a sweet romantic interest in Liam, watched while Rik finally realized who 
my daughter is and began laying his claim to her and I never left her side when Eli kidnapped her. Andra 
had snarled and snapped at him every time he came in to try and mark our daughter. Not that it made a 
difference, but we were there, trying to protect her. 
So, I was there when they went to Araphyra. Donovan wasn’t the only one that seemed to remember King 
Ailduin’s name. Andra sat up when they mentioned him. 
“Do you remember him, Andra?” She looks at me and chuffs. Her memory seems to be stronger than 
Donovan’s. 
When they arrive, Andra immediately walked over to Ailduin. She definitely remembers him. When we hear the story of Jinelle and how she was mated to King Ailduin, it makes sense that Andra would
remember him more than Donovan. She has a tie to him that Donovan never had. 
The night when Ailduin told everyone of Andra’s history and Guardian line, I knew I wanted Clint to stay and get more information. The more we know about our Guardian lines the better he will be able to help Cara and hopefully, one day, the one that took over Andra’s Guardian line. 
That night, I push to connect to him again. It’s been so long. I can’t actually reach him, but I think he hears me in his dreams. I feel even more confident that he heard me when he says he’s going to stay. 
There is something magical here in Araphyra, so perhaps, I can connect again while we’re here. Cara has Rik now and I know they will be mates, so I feel confident in staying with Clint. 
Our month with Ailduin goes by too quickly. We start with Clint’s Guardian line. Sometimes when he’s reading, he’ll skim too fast for me to keep up and he’ll turn the page. I realized accidentally that I could turn the page back. The first time it happened, Clint went totally still and so did I. 
“Lily bud?” 
I reached out and turned the page again. His smile was brilliant. “I’m glad you’re here with me. If you need me to slow down, just turn the page back.” 
And so, we created our own type of communication while we were there. Clint asked Ailduin about it. telling him that he feels that I am here and that he knows that I have been watching over him and Cara. 
“Fae magic is usually related to the earth, not the afterlife. But.” 
“But what?” Clint asks him and I am waiting to hear as well 
+15 RGNUS 
“But, maybe, she found a way to stay on both planes, this life and the afterlife.”
“Is that possible?” Clint asks. 
Ailduin shrugs in the elegant way that only royalty can. “With the Guardians, I’d say anything is possible.” 
I love the time in Araphyra. Not only do we learn a huge amount about our histories, but the longer we’re here, the closer I feel to Clint. I swear I even start to feel the heat of his body, and I know he can feel it too. He tells me that he keeps getting whiffs of his favorite scent, orange and ginger. My scent. 
When he finishes reading our histories, he sits with Ailduin and writes the story of our life and love. He asks Ailduin to make a copy to give to Cara. I love this idea. Now our love will live on forever in history. 
But, as with all good things, this too must end. Clint has to return for Cara’s 18th birthday. I don’t want to miss her momentous birthday either. I know she’ll finally recognize Rik as her mate. And while I know it will devastate Liam, it’s time for Cara to start moving forward with the life she was always meant to live. 
I get to watch my beautiful daughter find her mate, and then later, I watch as she and Rik become Alpha and Luna of the Canyon Ridge pack. 
Thankfully, not too long after that, Angel found Liam. It took awhile for Alessia’s Guardian spirit to return after all the trauma she experienced. I know it was tough for Clint to finally know that I took his place that day on the battlefield. I watched him after his first meeting with Alessia and followed him into our room. I wrapped my arms around him until Anders came in to support him. 
As they walked out, I hear Clint whisper, “We will be talking about this later, Lily bud.” Thankfully, by the time he comes to bed that night, he is feeling better about everything. He still gives me quite a tongue lashing but then he begins reminiscing about our trip away right before my death.
###Chapter 605
“That was a really good idea. Lily bud. I’ve thought of that last night away so many times over the years. I should have known. It wasn't like you to suddenly be so stressed out. But hindsight is always 20/20,
isn’t it?” Clint begins training Angel and Alessia and it’s like he has a renewed purpose in life. I'm happy watching
them, but I miss my mate. It’s been nearly 14 years since I died. The time in Araphyra only heightened my desire to be with him. I don’t want him to die, I just wish I could touch him again.
I watch my granddaughter’s birth. I have to say, I didn’t see it coming that my granddaughter would be mated to the son of the man that my Guardian spirit was once mated to. But then, I didn’t see it coming. that my Guardian spirit would be mated to Liam either. I guess, in the end, everything that comes around, goes around.
Several months after Angel began training with Clint, Selene finds me. “How are you doing Lily?”
I don’t turn my attention away from Clint. “I miss him.” I say quietly.
I feel her hand on my shoulder. “His time is coming to an end on earth.” That does get my attention. “When? How?”
“It will be violent, during the coming vampire war. You will need to be there.” “Of course, I will always be there for him.”
“Not for him. For the pack. Cara will have an explosion of power when Clint dies. Her grief will send out a pulse of energy that will have the potential to kill everyone around her.”
“WHAT? What can I do?”
“Angel will be there, but she can only protect so many. You and Andra were Guardians once: I think you can use yourself as a shield to absorb some of her power and keep her from killing her pack and everyone around her.”
I “Of course, Andra and I will do whatever we can to protect the pack.” She smiles at me. “I know you will, that’s why you were chosen to be Guardians to begin with.”
A few days later, it’s the day of the war. While I’m excited to see my mate again, I’m worried about Andra and I being able to control this power surge the Moon Goddess told us our daughter will push out.
We stay close to Clint. He’s beside Rik and Cara to begin with, but as the battle goes on, they get separated. I decide to stay with Clint. At least then I'll know when it’s time. Andra is snarling around me, snapping at the vampires when they get too close to us.
+15 BONUS “Be ready Andra, I need you to focus.” She snarls, angry at not being able to fight as these vampires kill our pack members.
I see the vampire king come up behind Clint. His eyes are full of bloodlust, and he grabs Clint and sinks. his teeth into his neck. Clint flails at first, but he’s being drained of blood quickl
As his arms fall to his side and the light begins to dim in his eyes, I hear him whisper. “I’m coming, Lily.”
The vampire, Dimitri, is so lost in his ecstasy that he doesn’t realize what he has just unleashed. I watch as Cara screams her pain and hear Angel scream Liam’s name. Andra and I jump in front of the Canyon Ridge pack, my arms are spread wide, Andra taking a hard stand.
The force of her pain blows through me. I feel it and it’s such a bone-crushing pain that it brings tears to my eyes. “You'll be okay, my beautiful girl. You have a long, happy life ahead of you.” I tell her, knowing
she can’t hear me. Andra and I collapse to the ground, and I see Rik moving to comfort Cara. I look at where Clint is laying
lifeless on the ground.
I stand, looking at Andra. “Come on, Andra. We need to find our mates.”
That gets her up quickly and we run into the forest. We find Donovan first. Andra runs to him, rubbing herself all over him. They jump and yip in happiness at finding each other again. I reach down, hugging Donovan. It's good to see Donovan whole again. It’s been too long since he’s been able to run. The content is on ! Read the latest chapter there!
I continue searching for Clint. When I do find him, he’s looking around, like he’s lost. 
I wait for him to look at me. Maybe it’s corny, but he loves me this way. When his eyes finally find mine, I smile the smile that I gave him so many years ago. “Mate.” I whisper, just as I did that first time.
“Mate!” He confirms and we run together, holding each other like we'll never let the other go again. And I know we won't 
###Chapter 606
At first, when the vampire sank his teeth into my neck, I fought. I probably could have defeated him, even in my disadvantaged state. But then, I realized if I died, I’d be with my Lily bud. 
I feel my tether to everyone in my life break and I tell Lily I’m coming as everything goes dark. When I 
open my eyes, I’m back in the meadow that I found myself in right after Lily died. I sit up and look around. 
All I care about is finding my Lily bud. I’m going to hold her and kiss her and remind her of what being my 
mate means. 
I’m happy when I realize I can stand. It takes me a moment to readjust to being able to walk again. “Look at this Donovan!” I say, wanting to share my excitement with my wolf. 
I’m met with silence. “Donovan?” I say, looking around like I’m going to find him in the meadow. 
What I find instead is my heart, my soul, the love of my life. 
“Mate.” She says and it makes my heart sing again. It’s just like it was that day beside the lake and I have to let her know that I still feel our mate bond, so I repeat it back to her before racing to her and taking her in my arms. My lips capture hers and I’m surrounded by her scent, her delicious scent of orange and ginger. It feels so good to have her back in my arms that I can’t help the whimper that escapes my lips. 
When I finally pull back, I see her azure blue eyes looking at me with so much love. I feel my heart and soul heal as I’m reunited with my mate, my life, my love.
She smiles at me. “Are you missing something?” 
I frown. I have her, what am I missing? And then it hits me. “Donovan.” 
As I say it, two beautiful brown wolves come out of the forest. I pull away from Lily as they walk toward us. One stops beside her and the other continues walking to me. I kneel down. “Donovan?” 
He rubs his face against me, and I pull him against my chest, hugging him tight. 
I look up and see what must be Andra standing beside Lily. I open one arm and she runs up, licking my face, making me laugh. 
“What happened?” I ask Lily and she explains about the separation of us from our wolves so the Guardian spirit can reincarnate. 
I stand, pulling Lily to me again, and kissing her until I hear a throat clearing beside us. I pull away quickly, tugging Lily behind me. I just got her back, nothing in this or any life is taking her away from me again. 
“Don’t worry, Clint. I’m not here to take your mate from you.” She says. Donovan walks up to her, and she bends down, sliding her fingers through his fur. 
“Hello, Selene. Are you here to take us to your realm now?” Lily asks. 
Selene? As in the Moon Goddess? I look at Lily and she just smiles at me, nodding her head. 
Selene stands and smiles kindly at me. “I’m happy you are back with your mate. But we have a problem. And once the problem is corrected, you can decide if you are ready to follow me to my realm.” 
Lily steps around me. “What problem?” She asks and I wrap my arm around her. I don’t want her leaving
me again so soon. 
“It appears that your Guardian spirit followed you here. I guess it’s something to do with being a Guardian or maybe it’s because it’s your spirit and she got lost. Either way, Angel is here, and it’s not her time.” Selene turns to me. “Clint, I need you to help her find her way back to her plane. She trusts you and will follow you.” 
“But…” I want to help Angel, but I just got Lily back. 
“Lily can follow you, she’ll never be far away. And this is her realm anyway, so I’m sure she could find you no matter where you are. But Angel is lost and won’t be able to find her way on her own. It’s important that she return to Liam, especially now that she’s pregnant.” 
There is so much in that statement that I have questions about. Lily’s realm? Angel’s pregnant? 
“Clint, we will always be Guardians in our heart. Go to her, help her find her way home and when you’re done, you and I can be together. Then we’ll decide if we’re ready to go home to the Moon Goddess’s realm. Oh, and tell Angel how proud we are with how she and Alessia are managing our Guardian spirit.” 
GET IT 
###Chapter 607
I find Angel and I know that Selene was correct. She has no problem following me and I help her find her way back to Liam. Watching him on the hospital bed, begging for her to return to him, I’m thankful that I could help him and Angel reunite. I know the pain of losing my mate, and I would never wish that on 
anyone. 
As soon as the door to the hospital room closes, I’m back in the meadow with Lily. I waste no time taking my mate and reminding her of how special and important she is to me. I don’t know how much time passes, and I don’t care. Time could stand still, as long as I’m with my Lily bud. 
Eventually, we talk about this being “her realm” and what that means. “Before we go back, I’d like to make sure that everyone is safe and okay. Can we do that?” I ask. 
“We can do whatever you want Clint, as long as you stay with me.” 
“Nothing could make me leave you again, Lily bud. 
When we realize that my Guardian spirit had as many issues in her life as Angel, we decide to wait. We want to be here to support them if we can. We follow Grace and Eli and watch them develop an amazing. pack. 
“You know, if Liam and Angel continue on as they are, we won’t need anyone else producing any pups. they will populate the world with their children.” Seriously, who has children back–to–back like thats 
Lily just laughs at me. “Them? What about these prolific sprites?” She says, gesturing to the forest. Yeah, that’s something that I was never exposed to in my life! I’m with Eli, they’d make me crazy.
We watch as Grace takes out a bunch of hunters at the Tournament of the Moon Goddess and we watch as Ailduin trains the Guardians and teaches them how to become even stronger together. Because we are watching, we see when he meets Anastasia. 
“Ailduin got a second chance mate?” Lily asks incredulously. 
“He deserved a second chance mate after what happened with Jinelle. He has been a good friend to all the Guardians and to our packs.” I say. 
We watch as the hunter war gets closer and we watch as Grace hides her pregnancy from Eli. 
When the hunters come, we are there and we watch as our pack members die around us, one after another. Donovan and Andra are running around trying to kill the hunters, trying to protect the packs. 
“Lily, what are we…” I stop as I turn to her. She’s staring at Grace as she watches Eli die in front of her. 
“CLINT! Get to Grace!” She yells and both of us take off to reach her. I wasn’t paying attention, stunned as I watched so many of our pack members, so many of our friends and family, fall. But Lily was and whatever Grace is doing, it’s going to be big. 
I watch as Lily takes a stand beside her in front of Cara, bowing her head in concentration. I move to stand in front of Angel on Grace’s other side. I turn when I see the hunter take aim at my daughter and I 
see Kai take a bullet for her. Cara pulls away, holding Rik in her arms. 
“Focus, Clint!” Lily barks at me, and she takes the hand that Cara just dropped. Just then Angel collapses beside us, screaming for her mate. Andra and Donovan rush to our sides as I take Grace’s other hand. I watch as Lily seems to push her strength into Grace through their connection, so I do the same. I don’t know what she’s doing, but she seems to, and I trust her to figure it out.
I bow my head, like she is, and concentrate. I feel the blow of power as it erupts from Grace. I feel Lily as she spins around the front of Grace grabbing my other hand, pulling from my strength and pushing it into Grace. “Hold on, Grace.” Lily whispers as Grace screams. 
When Grace falls to the ground, Lily pulls us with her, continuing to give her whatever strength we can. When I look up, I realize that Grace has saved everyone. Everyone that was dead or dying on the field is waking up, as if they were merely unconscious. 
As Grace collapses, Lily stands. “We did it. We saved Grace and her baby. And she saved everyone else.” 
She says, hugging me. 
###Chapter 608
We watch as Angel and Cara explain the best that they can what Grace did to save the packs. She probably could have done it on her own, but I was concerned for her child. Having whatever strength she pulled from everyone was great, but she wasn’t reserving any for herself. She would have given everything to save them. That is something I understand very well. I would have done the same in her position. But Clint and I had the ability to save her, to make sure that she had enough reserves to survive. 
“You were never meant to be this strong.” Selene says, coming up behind us as we watch everyone wakes up, or, come back to life, because that’s really what they are doing. They were dead and now they are alive. 
“What do you mean?” I ask her. 
“I created the Guardians to strengthen the packs. You were always meant to find your fated mates and birth a new generation of stronger wolves. I guess I should have known that the Alphas would not want to part with the strength and power that the Guardians possessed. And, of course, over time, that power increased beyond what even I expected it to be. Case in point.” She says, spreading her hands at my realm* and Grace raising the dead. 
“It’s why there were three male Guardians. I had hoped that the Guardians would be able to find each other and begin to give birth to a new generation of Guardians. Instead, you continued to gain in power with each reincarnation of the Guardian spirit, even absorbing some powers that were gifted to your line and carrying those with you to the future generations. 
Cara was
the first Guardian as I meant them to be, and the two of you and your pack finally set the wheels in motion. Now we have a new generation of Guardians. The Guardian line will continue to flow through the females as long as they mate with their true, fated mates.” 
Selene smiles then looks thoughtful. “This generation of reincarnated Guardians will be the last.” 
“What?” Clint asks, as shocked as I am. We both turn to give her our full attention. 
“There is no need for the Guardian spirit to continue as it did. It will now continue as it was always meant. to, through the birth of a Guardian. The two of you have started the process that was always meant to be.” 
“And what about our grandchildren?” I ask. 
“Every female born in this generation will have the Guardian gene. Your grandchildren will all find their mates. Although, many of them will have a difficult time coming together. You Guardians are strong willed wolves and even though your male grandchildren won’t carry the Guardian gene, they will still carry the strength of the Guardians. And so, the line will continue for generations to come.” 
Selene turns to leave. “Don’t take too much longer Lily. It’s time for you and Clint to come home and find 
your peace.” 
“Not much longer.” I say. 
Famous last words. 
I wanted to wait until Grace woke, ensuring she and the baby were okay. Then I wanted to wait while she had her baby. Then I wanted to wait while Cara and Angel had their babies. Then while Cara and Grace had their babies. Then Angel had her twins and nearly died. I wanted to help, but at that point, I
think my tether to their world had severed. So, we watched and waited with them while she healed. And then I 
waited to see the birth of Angel’s last baby. 
There was always a reason that I wasn’t ready to go. Something important to witness, some reason I felt I needed to be here. It is ten years after the hunter war before Clint finally convinces me that we don’t need to continue watching over our families. 
He comes up to me, gently tucking my hair behind my ear. “Lily bud. Our daughter and her Guardian sisters are adults, and our grandchildren are living a life of peace. It’s time.” 
I look at my mate. He has always been so patient with me, always been my rock, my foundation. “Okay Clint. But can we say goodbye, one last time?” 
He kisses my forehead. This man. Even in the afterlife, he takes my breath away. 
“Of course.” 
He takes my hand and leads me to the canyon, the one where Clint died, the same place where Grace resurrected the packs. They have made the area a place where pack members from all three packs can come and let their children play. It’s a good way to turn a place with terrible memories into a place with 
positive ones. 
As we stand watching our family. Donovan and Andra walk up, standing on either side of us as we step out of the forest. We watch as our grandchildren and their friends play as our daughter and her sisters sit on their mates‘ laps enjoying the afternoon. I’m so glad they have finally gotten to have this life, the
life they were all meant to have. We wait, knowing they will be able to see us on this, our last time with them. 
It’s Cara that sees us first. I have a moment to appreciate how right Selene was. My beautiful daughter is living a wonderful, happy life. She has a mate who adores her and three beautiful children. 
Then, we see that Angel and Grace recognize us as well. As Cara stands, like she is going to try to come to us, Clint and I raise our hands in a final farewell. 
“It’s time to go home, Lily bud.” 
I smile up at my mate as he looks down at me. “Let’s go home, Clint.” 
The end. 
Cooper 
###Chapter 609
Hello everyone. 
Thank you for taking this journey with me. As many of you may have read, Lily was adamant that I tell her story. And while it took longer in the beginning than I expected, I hope you got to see what a great 
person she is. 
Many of you have asked for a continuation of the series and your wish is granted! My first book about the Guardian’s children, Shattered Bonds, is out now. This is Richie and Emlyn’s story but will touch on many. of the Guardian children as they have all grown up together. You will also get glimpses of Lily’s story. which is scheduled to be the second book in the series and Alexander’s, or Xander as he’s called by his friends and family. Xander’s book is scheduled to be third and Leana’s book is scheduled to be fourth. I’m trying not to get far ahead of myself, my brain starts writing books long before I’m ready to put them on paper. But, I do have a tentative story line for Xander and Leana and Lily’s book has already start writing itself in my head. Hopefully you’ll enjoy the next generation of Guardians as much as you enjoyed 
the first trilogy. 
Also, if you haven’t tried it, I have a book out called The Arena. It’s the first in the Elemental Dragons series. It’s very different from this world of the Guardians. That book is filled with shifters and, you guessed it, dragons. That series is intended to have four books, one for each dragon. 
I’m still trying to figure out a posting schedule with the two books. Richie’s story is written in my head and is ready to be put to paper, but The Arena is my husband’s favorite. Writing 17-20 chapters a week
is tough, but mostly manageable. So I may divide the number of chapters each book gets each week, rather than focusing on one while the other finishes. That would mean one possibly two chapters a day for both books, rather than two chapters a day for one and three chapters a week for the other. I’d love your input and what your preference is. 
I have seen a couple of comments about whether or not my books are in paperback or available on A n. Currently, I’m exclusively on GoodNovel, but I am going to see about getting the trilogy published. If that happens, I will let you know. And, I do plan to publish The Arena when it’s done. Depending on how popular it is, I may publish all four books in that series as well. 
If you like my books, please leave me a review on the front page. That helps my ratings in the app and I 
need 25 for the star rating to actually be effective. 
Finally, I want to thank all of you. Your comments and positive feedback help motivate me to sit and write these stories when I’m exhausted at the end of my day job. It really encourages me and, of course, these characters become real in my head and become demanding, taking up way too much of my head 
space. 
Thank you again! And happy reading.
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610
"That slap is to treat your brain and eye problems. My brother runs a hospital, and I also have some medical knowledge. My judgment can't be wrong," Harriet said. 
The security guard was furious. 
He had never seen such shameless people before. 
Irritated, he intended to slap back. 
He had never hit any women, but women like Harriet deserved to be taught a lesson. 
He exerted all his strength. 
Harriet would suffer if she were to be hit. 
In the nick of time, a large hand grabbed the security guard's arm, making it impossible for him to break free. 
Harriet, subconsciously stepping back, fell into Delbert's arms. 
She looked up and saw the murderous intent in his eyes. 
He glared at the security guard and said, "I don't mind treating your brain and eyes as well. Will you get lost or what?" 
The security guard felt a sharp pain in his wrist. 
But he was not scared. On the contrary, he was defiant.
He thought that Delbert was an employee just like him. 
Delbert was in no place to command him. 
"Who do you think you are? Why should I listen to you?" said the security guard, raising his hand to slap Delbert. 
But when he met Delbert's deep eyes, he felt a sense of oppression that he had only seen in people of high status. 
"You can't scare me!" The security guard was frightened, trying to leave. 
He wondered who Delbert really was and how Harriet managed to find such an assistant. 
Delbert's gaze was bone-chilling. 
Harriet lazily held Delbert and threatened the security guard. "Now you're scared, but I won't let you get away." 
Harriet was bluffing, but it caused Delbert to soften his attitude. 
Delbert looked at Harriet with tenderness and a sense of pride. 
Harriet was beautiful and cool. 
The security guard was shocked by the change in Delbert's attitude. 
It made him feel like Delbert was a proud husband. 
As Delbert's attention was drawn by Harriet, the security guard came up with a plan.
He pretended to be a victim, struggling to break free from Delbert's grip. He shouted, "Help! Someone help me! Harriet despises me for my occupation and lets her assistant hit me."
###Chapter 611
Chapter 611
His plan worked. 
From not far away, the lobby manager, Lewis, hastened to the scene. 
His face was full of gloom. 
He had overseen this area for decades and had never encountered such a situation. 
He wanted to find out who the troublemaker was. 
It was outrageous that they made things difficult for his men. 
But when Lewis saw Harriet, he was dumbfounded. 
He couldn't believe that Harriet was causing trouble there. 
After all, she was the sister of their boss, Alan. 
Lewis's legs felt weak. 
He was willing to bow to Harriet if she could let the matter drop. 
He regretted having gone over. 
Alan had instructed the managers of the Gem Trading Center about Harriet's presence in Imperium and emphasized that she must be treated with the highest courtesy when she arrived there. 
The managers hadn't taken it seriously because Harriet could directly ask Alan for anything. How could she go to the trading center to choose gems in person?
Harriet was the general manager of a company, so she did not have much free time. 
Therefore, the senior managers only informed the managerial staff without notifying all the employees. 
The security guard didn't know Harriet's identity or the consequences of offending her. 
But Lewis knew. 
Harriet looked at him meaningfully, and Lewis had to come up with a flattering smile. 
"Sir, this woman insulted me and let her assistant hit me. Look!" complained the security guard, happy about Lewis's arrival. 
But what happened next shocked him. 
Lewis bowed to Harriet and spoke respectfully. "Ms. Munoz, did this security guard offend you just now? I will fire him immediately!" 
The security guard was stunned. 
He stared blankly at Lewis, trying to say something, but Lewis's stern demeanor deterred him. 
Harriet was full of doubt. 
When she noticed Lewis in a suit coming up, she guessed that he was a manager. 
She had been prepared, thinking that Lewis would accuse her. 
But Lewis acted so humbly. 
She had been worried about nothing.
Lewis looked uneasy, waiting for Harriet's reply. 
After pondering for a moment, Harriet calmly said, "After this security guard apologizes to me, fire him." 
Lewis breathed a sigh of relief. 
Alan doted on Harriet, and they often talked about her in the company. 
Discussions about her were often bizarre.
###Chapter 612
Chapter 612
Even Wendell, president of the Johnson Group, yielded to Harriet. 
Anyone who opposed her didn't have a good ending. 
These rumors became more and more bizarre, making everyone in the chat group both respect and fear Harriet. 
Lewis was no exception. 
He turned around with an indignant look and pointed at the security guard. "Apologize to Ms. Munoz and get out of here. Don't make things ugly!" 
The security guard was shocked and furious. 
He had been working as a security guard here for decades. Why should he leave just because of Harriet's words? 
Moreover, this matter was caused by Harriet. 
It was only right to bring this malicious woman to justice. 
But why didn't Lewis, who usually treated the grassroot staff the best, understand him now? 
And Lewis even sided with the oppressor, asking him to leave the company. 
The security guard fumed with rage. 
"Mr. Lewis, I've been here for over a decade, working hard every day. I've dedicated my life to this trading center. Can't it compare to a few words from Harriet?" he said.
Lewis decisively shook his head. 
The security guard had slacked off many times. 
Even if he were a manager, he couldn't compare to Harriet. 
Harriet raised an eyebrow. 
It had been a long time since she had seen someone with the same insight as Lewis, and she was a little unaccustomed. 
And the security guard seemed unhappy about the result. 
A cunning gleam flashed in Harriet's eyes. 
"If you don't want to be fired, I can take back my order. I can let you stay and even give you a raise," she said, innocently looking at the security guard. 
Delbert's eyes were on her the entire time. 
Harriet was simply too adorable. 
The security guard was overjoyed to hear that. 
He looked up at Harriet, ignored his anger, and eagerly asked, "What should I do?" 
Just not being fired already made the security guard extremely happy, and upon hearing about a raise, he became even more ecstatic. 
This was something he had been dreaming of. 
Harriet was truly a God-sent.
While the security guard was happy, Lewis felt uneasy. 
'Doesn't Harriet always seek revenge for any grievances?' He thought. 
The security guard was lucky enough that Harriet decided to let him off, but Harriet even offered to give him a raise. 
That was fishy. 
Lewis was afraid that Harriet was going to deal with the security guard and him. 
Lewis's knees went weak, and he spoke with a wry face. "Ms. Munoz, that's not a good idea. How about..." 
Harriet interrupted him with a raised hand. 
She sized up the security guard and chuckled. "Being a security guard is truly a waste of talent. Why don't you work as a shoe polisher?"
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613
The security guard was devastated. 
Harriet was not a blessing. She was a curse. 
The security guard had been excited just now, and now he was dumbfounded. 
Harriet spoke slowly. "Mr. Lewis, pay him extra from this month onward. If he doesn't polish one hundred pairs of shoes a day, do not pay him!" 
Lewis finally relaxed. 
Amidst the cries of the security guard, the other staff dragged him away and sent him to polish the shoes. 
Harriet, after explaining her intentions to Lewis, took Delbert's hand and entered the gem trading center. 
That was just a small episode, and Harriet's mood was not affected. 
Harriet thought that Lewis had heard about her previous deeds, which was why he showed such respect toward her. 
She didn't feel anything wrong about it. 
Since Harriet didn't mention anything, Lewis thought that she knew that the gem trading center was run by Alan, so he didn't say much more. 
Harriet and Delbert entered the trading center.
The interior was even more astonishing. 
Harriet thought that the decorations outside were just for a show, while the interior should be normal. 
But unexpectedly, the interior was even more luxurious than the outside. 
Various expensive antiques were displayed, and even the counters were made of gold. 
The owner of this place was really rich. 
This was absurd. 
Lewis diligently introduced the various facilities on the first floor to them. 
"Ms. Munoz, if you want to give gifts to someone, I recommend the various gem ornaments already made and sold in this area. There are hairpins, pendants, bracelets, and so on. All kinds of gem ornaments are available here," he said. 
"We have official gem ornaments sold by our gem trading center and other stores. Even some master artisans from the folk craft world occasionally appear." 
Lewis pointed to one side, where various gem ornaments were displayed on the counters. 
Many gorgeously dressed men and women were selecting from the various gem ornaments. 
Many couples appeared together in this area. 
Following that, Lewis pointed to the opposite side. "If you don't mind the trouble, you can also choose to customize a gem ornament in this area. Here, you can buy gem embryos and stones for gambling. After handing them over to the staff for cutting, you can freely find craftsmen on-site to make gem ornaments.
"Similarly, you can choose our official craftsmen here, craftsmen from other shops, or folk artisans." 
Compared to the previous area, this area seemed much quieter and had fewer people.
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614
Judging by the attire of the people in this area, it was clear that most of them were gem experts or enthusiasts with knowledge of gems. 
When Lewis introduced the first area, Harriet seemed uninterested, but as soon as she heard about the stone gambling, her eyes lit up. 
Stone gambling was much more exciting than buying ready-made artifacts. 
Harriet cleared her throat and stopped Lewis, who was about to go toward the section selling gem artifacts. 
"I'm planning to go to the stone gambling area. Could you please show me the way?" she said. 
Lewis thought Harriet was going to buy gem artifacts, so he prepared to go in that direction. 
But upon hearing Harriet's words, he was taken aback and quickly turned back. 
Noticing that Harriet didn't pay much attention to this matter, he relaxed and wiped the sweat off his forehead. 
He didn't expect Harriet to be interested in stone gambling. 
As far as Lewis remembered, Alan loved stone gambling and was always accurate in his predictions. 
While others searched for beautiful gems within raw stones, Alan effortlessly attracted beautiful gems to him, as if they were waiting to be picked up by him.
In the world of stone gambling, whether it was luck or skill, Alan sat firmly in the first place and was even hailed as a legend. 
Lewis wondered if Harriet could recreate Alan's situation. 
Lewis suddenly got anxious again. 
'What if Harriet fails to get any valuable stones and gets upset? What if she blames me for it?' He thought. 
Lewis gasped at the thought, thinking about having some valuable gems prepared beforehand. 
That would save the situation. 
Lewis was on edge the whole way, leading Harriet forward. 
Harriet held hands with Delbert, feeling curious in the unfamiliar environment. She blinked and looked around at the various items displayed on the counters. 
Delbert stared at her, full of tenderness. 
The three of them, each with their own thoughts, strolled through the inner area of the gem trading center. Lewis led them toward the stone gambling area set up by the official organization of the gem trading center. 
Harriet noticed that Delbert had stopped walking. 
She turned back and looked at Delbert with a puzzled expression. "Delbert, what's wrong?" 
Delbert raised a finger to his lips and smiled mysteriously. 
He strode to the right, where a display cabinet was placed.
Various high-quality and precious gemstones were showcased. They were excellent choices for decoration. 
On the other hand, there were raw stones used for gambling. 
These raw stones were different from ordinary ones. Even just by looking at them, one could see the valuable gem hidden beneath the surface. 
These gems inside the raw stones were more mysterious and alluring than the ones displayed on the other side. 
The salesperson beamed at him. "Sir, may I ask which kind of gem you would like to purchase?" 
But then, her smile suddenly disappeared.
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615
Delbert walked forward, and the spot his finger pointed to was right next to the largest and most expensive raw stone. It looked like a waste piece. 
"How much is this stone?" he asked. 
The salesperson hesitated, reminding herself that the customer was the king and that Delbert might not understand the gem industry. 
She put on a smile and spoke politely. "Sir, this stone is not for sale." 
While the salesperson was feeling helpless, Harriet raised her eyebrows with interest and walked over before taking the stone from Delbert's hand. 
At first glance, this small stone appeared to be just a leftover edge piece. 
It couldn't contain any gems, as it was only slightly larger than an egg. 
Harriet looked up at Delbert and suddenly understood why he had a mysterious smile when she asked earlier. 
Under Alan's influence, combined with her keen senses from childhood, she could detect the gem hidden inside this small stone. 
It was crystal-clear and crimson. 
Its size should be slightly smaller than that of an egg. 
Although she couldn't predict its type, she knew how valuable it was.
It was unbelievable that this store mistook this small stone for a waste piece and inadvertently placed it next to the most expensive raw stone. 
Since the store didn't recognize its value, she would take advantage of it. 
Harriet looked up at the salesperson and innocently spoke. "This stone feels very smooth. Miss, is it really not for sale? I want to buy it and collect it." 
The salesperson swayed at her cute look and replied, "If you like this stone, just take it. It's not for sale, so giving it to you is fine." 
"Really?" Harriet was surprised. 
She thought that even if this stone was just a waste piece, it would be the waste piece of the most expensive raw stone. 
If that big stone was worth a million dollars, this waste piece would cost thousands or tens of thousands. 
Harriet was already prepared to pay for it, but she didn't expect the salesperson to give her this small stone for free. 
There was a pricey gem inside it. 
Harriet was sure that this gem was much more expensive than the one contained in the big stone. 
It might even be the best gem in this entire trade center. 
Her trip there was quite fruitful. 
Harriet smiled at the salesperson and said, "Thank you!"
###Chapter 616
Chapter 616
Harriet took the gem and then left with Delbert. 
The salesperson was still immersed in Harriet's lovely smile. 
She even picked up her phone and bragged about it to her colleagues. 
If she knew what she had just given away for free, she would probably regret it deeply. 
Harriet led Delbert away from the scene and stopped at a place far away. 
While Harriet was catching her breath, Delbert suddenly bent down and whispered in her ear, "The raw stone I just found has an excellent gem inside. Happy about it?" 
His voice was deep and seductive. 
His breath assailed Harriet's ear, causing her earlobes to turn red. 
"Knock it off! Lewis is watching," she said, flinching. 
"Lewis?" Delbert grumbled, pressing Harriet against the wall. 
He gazed at Harriet with possessiveness filling his eyes. 
"You're disobedient again. With me around, are you still thinking about other men?" he said. 
Harriet immediately surrendered to his dominant posture. 
She curled up and weakly said, "I'm not. It just doesn't feel right if we're so intimate in public." 
Only then did she realize that Lewis, who had been walking with them, had disappeared.
Perhaps he had lost them when they went to the sales counter earlier. 
Probably, Lewis didn't notice their absence, so he did not follow. 
At that moment, they were at the corner, with no one else around. 
It was quiet and empty. 
"What are you thinking again?" Delbert leaned closer, pressing his nose against hers. 
Except for annoyance, there was an inscrutable smile in his eyes. 
Harriet's cheeks turned rosy, and her eyes shimmered. 
But Delbert had no intention of letting her go. His eyes were tinted with desire. 
He caressed her hand and arm. 
Harriet braced her hand against his chest. 
The atmosphere between them became more and more ambiguous. 
Harriet summoned her courage and kissed Delbert on the lips. 
Her voice was soft, with a hint of grievance. "I won't think about anything again. Can you let me go?"
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617
Delbert released Harriet's hand. 
He rubbed his lips and teased her. "No." 
Then, under Harriet's surprised gaze, he buried his head in her neck. "Call me honey, and I'll let you go." 
His voice was hoarse, with a hint of indulgence. 
Harriet vaguely sensed a hint of coquetry. 
Delbert could be coquettish. 
He behaved like a lazy cat. 
If this got out, everyone would be shocked. 
In the eyes of others, Delbert was completely indifferent to women, and there were even rumors that he was impotent. 
Yet he acted like a spoiled child in front of Harriet. 
It's unbelievable. 
Harriet felt his hot breath and grasped her clothes. 
She couldn't bear it whenever Delbert teased her. 
Harriet suppressed her coyness and spoke softly. "Honey, could you let me go?"
Delbert lightly bit her neck. 
He raised his hand to rub her hair and spoke softly. "Okay, I'll listen to you." 
Just then, a voice came. "Ms. Munoz, Darryl, what are you guys doing here?" 
Lewis rushed over, panting. 
Just now, he had been thinking about having some good raw stones brought over, unaware that Harriet and Delbert had slipped away. 
When he was about to reach his destination, Lewis suddenly realized that Harriet and Delbert were missing. 
He quickly asked the security guards to pull up the surveillance video. 
Harriet was Alan's beloved sister, and such negligence was unacceptable. 
While waiting for the surveillance video to come through, Lewis contacted the staff and asked them to purchase a batch of top-grade raw stones. 
The surveillance footage then led him to Harriet and Delbert. 
Originally anxious, Lewis seemed to understand something when he saw Harriet blushing and Delbert looking meaningful. 
"Ms. Munoz, do you need me to leave?" he probed. 
It looked like the rumors online about Harriet and her assistant having an affair were true. 
Given their looks, something must have happened.
The blush on Harriet's face deepened. 
She cleared her throat and spoke sanctimoniously. "It's alright. Just lead the way like before." 
Lewis quickly agreed. 
They walked to the gambling area set up in the trading center.
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618
On the way, Harriet asked Lewis to find a professional who could cut the stones. 
When they arrived at the area for stone gambling, Lewis was about to guide Harriet to buy the raw stones he had prepared in advance. 
Each of these raw stones contained a gem worth millions of dollars. 
Harriet would definitely be delighted. 
If Harriet mentioned him in front of Alan, he might get a raise. 
Lewis fantasized about his promotion and all the benefits. 
Just then, a sharp voice came. "Harriet? What are you doing here?" 
Harriet heard it and looked over. 
Lily was seen standing not far away. 
Lily was dressed in designer clothes and standing next to a table displaying a raw stone. A salesperson was introducing her to the stone. 
Standing beside Lily's friend, who had tried to frame Harriet at the family gathering hosted by Levi when Harriet first arrived in Imperium. 
Lily was surprised to see Harriet. 
She had come to the gem trading center to connect with her friends.
Since that matter was exposed, her reputation in the upper class had plummeted. 
Those who used to always surround her stopped contacting her and even laughed at her. 
Lily was upset, but to deal with Harriet, she needed as much help as she could get. 
So, she swallowed her pride and planned to win them over. 
Liam had stopped caring about her. She could only rely on herself. 
All of this was caused by Harriet. 
Because of the new topic online, many people started to forget about the incident of her framing Harriet. 
Harriet was now under severe criticism from the trolls. 
Even though they were trolls, Lily was still delighted to see those insulting comments. 
In a good mood, she contacted her friends and lavishly spent money in various luxury stores, trying to win them over through money. 
After buying several pieces of jewelry, Lily followed the suggestion of a friend and came to the stone gambling area to try her luck. 
There, she ran into Harriet and Delbert. 
Delbert frowned with displeasure. 
Unaware of it, Lily looked Harriet up and down and snorted when she saw the small stone in Harriet's hand.
She mocked, "Ms. Munoz, are you short of money? Why did you choose the worst stone to gamble on? It's ridiculous if you try to maintain your reputation like that."
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619
Harriet sneered in response. 'The worst raw stone?' 
If the stone in her hand was worthless, then what about the other raw stones in this trading center? 
Garbage? 
Besides, Lily was in no position to judge her financial situation. 
Harriet put the small stone away and approached Lily with disdain. 
"I am the general manager of a company, and I have eight brothers who dote on me. I also have a husband who is the richest man in Meawood City. Anyone with a bit of intelligence wouldn't think I lack money, would they? Speaking of which, Miss Lynch, with all the trouble you caused recently, does your family still give you pocket money? Tsk-tsk, you're really favored," she said. 
The girls around Lily realized what was going on. 
That explained Lily's reluctance when she bought things for them. 
It turned out that the Lynch family had stopped giving Lily pocket money. 
Her spending probably came from her savings. 
To win them over, she had spent a lot. 
They wondered how much she still had. 
Lily had always been a spendthrift, but now she had to live like them. They couldn't help but gloat.
The Lynch family should have stopped giving Lily pocket money long ago. 
She was such a haughty person. If it were not for her money and status, no one would have wanted to do bad things for her. 
It was only reasonable for the Lynch family to stop giving Lily pocket money. After all, the trouble she caused last time was major. 
The punishment was too lenient. 
The exposure annoyed Lily, and her friends' mocking expressions further irritated her. 
They had no right to laugh at her. 
She had bought them such expensive gifts, but they wouldn't even speak up for her. 
She shouldn't have treated them so well. 
Filled with anger, she looked at those chuckling women and shouted, "Be quiet!" 
After venting her anger, Lily calmed down and came up with a plan. 
She looked provocatively at Harriet and snorted. "Harriet, you're talking nonsense. Since we happen to be in the same place, why don't we compete in stone gambling and see whose luck is better?" 
Harriet raised her eyebrows and stroked her chin with interest. 
She wondered what Lily was up to. 
As far as she remembered, Lily didn't know much about stone gambling.
But since Lily wanted to be defeated, Harriet would grant her wish. 
"So be it!" Harriet agreed. 
Lily was delighted and added eagerly, "For the record, we'll gamble in this area. However, just gambling on stones alone is too boring. How about this? If my stone is more valuable than yours, you will apologize to me and tell everyone that you provoked me first for the last incident."
###Chapter 620
Chapter 620
Lily knew that once Harriet agreed to gamble on stones with her in this area, Harriet would definitely lose. 
Although both she and Harriet were not very familiar with gambling on stones, the salesperson in charge of this area had introduced her to all the raw stones that could produce precious gems. 
Even if Harriet was lucky, she could not win. 
Harriet didn't even know that Lily had learned about every stone in this area. 
Harriet could only apologize to her in front of everyone. 
Lily would take the opportunity to humiliate Harriet and seek revenge. 
Pleased with herself, Lily didn't notice the cunning look in Harriet's eyes. 
Delbert, however, was not happy about Lily's proposal. Harriet stopped him from stepping in. 
Otherwise, there would be no show to watch. 
Harriet had figured out why Lily insisted on gambling in this area. 
She had noticed the salesperson standing next to Lily. 
Presumably, Lily had learned about all the raw stones in this area from the salesperson. 
Lily was so delusional that she wanted Harriet to apologize to her in public. 
Even if Lily had already learned about the raw stones, Harriet didn't think she would lose.
After all, Alan was a top figure in the gem industry. 
Harriet narrowed her eyes and approached Lily without losing her momentum. 
"If my stone is more valuable than yours, you will apologize to me. How does it sound?" she said. 
Lily was overjoyed and quickly agreed to her request. "Okay, it's a deal!" 
She didn't care what kind of request Harriet had made. 
Lily firmly believed that she would win. 
Harriet knew nothing about stone gambling, while she had learned about the best stones in this area. It would be her who laughed the last. 
Those women around Lily shared her thoughts and watched the fun. 
They saw it when the salesperson introduced the raw stones to Lily. 
Harriet had outdone Lily in the past, but she was going to lose this time. 
It was really fun to watch. 
Lily immediately began to select raw stones, while Harriet walked around, casually picking up several stones and putting them down after some thought. 
After a while, Harriet's eyes suddenly lit up. She picked up a not-so-noticeable stone and signaled to everyone that she had made her choice.
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621
Lily was still looking around, trying to find those fine stones introduced by the salesperson. 
Besides Lily's friends, many onlookers gathered in the area. 
They had come to watch the match. 
Seeing how quickly Harriet had chosen her raw stone, the onlookers and Lily's friends stifled their laughter. 
Presumably, Harriet didn't know a thing about stone gambling, so she simply chose one that caught her eye. 
'Does she think that stone gambling is all about luck?' They thought. 
Lily was still carefully selecting her stone. Clearly, she knew what she was doing. 
Harriet didn't understand stone gambling at all. Yet she insisted on gambling with Lily. 
She would probably cry when she saw the results. 
The discussion among the people grew louder. Almost everyone was pessimistic about Harriet's victory. 
After finally finding the raw stone introduced by the salesperson, Lily confidently walked toward Harriet. 
She couldn't help but sneer when she saw the ordinary stone in Harriet's hand.
"Harriet, if you want to admit defeat, just say it. Why choose a raw stone that clearly won't produce anything good? If you beg me, I can give you a chance to change it," she said. 
Harriet gave a mysterious smile. 
She seemed completely indifferent to everyone's comments and remained composed. 
Delbert believed in her ability, so he just silently watched. 
"It's still early to draw conclusions. Let's find out!" Harriet sneered. 
Lily believed that Harriet was just pretending to be calm. 
She snorted and walked to the stone cutter. 
Unperturbed, Harriet followed behind her with Delbert. 
Soon, Lily's stone produced a gem. 
As she had expected, the gem was top-grade and valuable. 
With the gem in her hand, Lily proudly walked toward Harriet. 
The onlookers looked at Harriet with eager anticipation, expecting to see her make a fool of herself. 
Facing their doubtful gazes, Harriet walked over to the stone cutter and produced her stone. 
When the stone cutter made the first cut, everyone was stunned. 
Surprisingly, it was a top-grade agate. 
They hadn't seen such a top-quality agate for more than ten years.
Yet in this trading center, it appeared from within a stone randomly picked by Harriet. 
The stone looked so ordinary. By rights, it could produce a low-quality gem at most. 
To be able to produce top-grade agate was simply unbelievable. 
The stone cutter was astonished. Even his hands were shaking.
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622
For a moment, the stone cutter hesitated to continue cutting the stone. 
After a while, he picked up a signal from Lewis and continued his work. 
His cutting movements were much more cautious than before. 
While the others were shocked, Harriet remained calm. 
She smiled at Lily and said, "Miss Lynch, I don't think we'll need an appraisal. Everyone here can tell whose stone is more valuable." 
Lily's eyes glinted with malice, and she clenched her fists so tightly that her nails dug into her flesh. 
Although she didn't know much about gems, judging by the expressions of those around her, she could guess that Harriet's stone produced a better gem. 
Harriet won this bet. 
Lily had made all the necessary preparations, and the salesperson had introduced all the raw stones capable of producing precious gems to her. 
'Why do I still lose in the end? Why is Harriet so lucky? It can't be!' She thought. 
She wondered why the salesperson hadn't introduced the stone selected by Harriet to her earlier. 
If there were top-quality gems inside that stone, the salesperson should have introduced them to her. 
It must be a trap.
Otherwise, Harriet wouldn't have found such a good stone. 
Lily believed that Harriet didn't know a thing about stone gambling. 
Apart from cheating, Harriet would never be able to find that stone. 
The salesperson and Harriet were wicked enough to deceive her. They deserved to die. 
Fuming with rage, Lily pointed at Harriet and shouted, "Harriet, you have no scruples to win against me. It's shameful to cheat in front of so many people." 
Harriet laughed in response. 
Lily had the nerve to say that. 
Did she forget that she had come to gamble in this area because the salesperson told her that the raw stones there could produce precious gems? 
Lily really had no sense of shame. 
She was supposed to be a fair lady, but she coveted Delbert and stopped at nothing. 
That was not decent at all. 
Harriet planned to make Lily face the music, but Lewis suddenly walked up to Lily and warned her. "Miss Lynch, are you suspecting that we helped Ms. Munoz cheat? You'd better be careful with your words." 
Lewis had informed those in charge to replace some of the raw stones with those that could produce valuable gems. 
He also knew which raw stones could produce gems.
But unexpectedly, the stone chosen by Harriet produced a top-quality gem that hadn't been seen in over a decade. 
He was astonished because the stone selected by Harriet was not among the ones arranged by his men. 
In other words, Harriet had eyes for the best stones.
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623
Lily's heart tightened, and she broke out in a cold sweat. 
She suddenly remembered that this Gem Trading Center was the largest and oldest in Imperium. 
Its owner was said to be of high rank. 
In comparison, she was just the daughter of a fallen family. She couldn't afford to offend the people in the trading center. 
If the owner of the trading center was annoyed, only her family could save her. 
But Liam had stopped caring about her. 
Lily quickly explained, "That's not what I mean. I mean, Harriet and that salesperson are colluding. 
"This Gem Trading Center is the oldest and most reputable in Imperium. How could you possibly cheat with your customers?" 
Lily thought she had explained perfectly, but Lewis became angrier. 
He stared at Lily with coldness and disdain. "Here, every one of our employees has gone through strict screening, and each employee's employment application is reviewed by our boss. 
"Since you're not questioning our qualifications, are you questioning our boss's judgment?" 
Lewis turned to look at Harriet and spoke sincerely. "Ms. Munoz, please rest assured. We will not let any of our customers' reputations be damaged. We will clear your name!" 
Lily got even more anxious. She couldn't possibly doubt the owner of this trading center.
She had made it so clear, but why was Lewis trying to escalate it? 
He was making a fuss. 
Presumably, he was also colluding with Harriet. 
Otherwise, why would he speak up for her? 
Harriet's nonchalant look annoyed Lily, but she needed to explain herself first. 
For now, she had to swallow her pride. 
Suddenly, a voice rang out. "Ms. Munoz, are you selling this rare emerald? I'm willing to pay 500,000 dollars for it." 
The speaker was a sleek man in his early forties. 
Lily raised her eyebrows, but she had no intention of selling it. 
500,000 dollars was a lot for an ordinary emerald, but her emerald was not ordinary. 
The emerald in her hand was translucent and pure. 
500,000 dollars was not enough for such a top-grade emerald. 
Presumably, the man made such a low offer because he saw her as a layman.
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624
Just as Harriet was about to refuse, another person stepped forward. 
"Your offer is too low! Are you trying to take advantage of this lady's ignorance? Ms. Munoz, I'm willing to buy this gem for five million dollars. If you're willing to see, we can negotiate the price," he said. 
The venue then descended into chaos. 
The people started to make bids, each offering a higher price than the previous one. 
They acted as if they were in an auction house. 
The only difference was the absence of an auctioneer. It was noisier there, and the prices went up faster. 
In just a short while, the price had soared to 90 million dollars. 
In the venue, the subordinates of many important figures started calling their bosses to inform them about the extraordinary gem that had appeared there. 
Everyone had only one thought in mind. To get the gem! 
They didn't care if Harriet had cheated or about her bet with Lily. 
All they knew was that the gem they desired was in Harriet's hands. As long as their offers were good enough, they would get it. 
To them, it was not just a gem.
It represented reputation and prestige. 
It symbolized power and wealth. 
Even though Harriet had mentally prepared herself beforehand, her eyes couldn't help but shimmer slightly. 
She had anticipated that this extraordinary gem would arouse people's interest, but she hadn't expected so many people to start bidding, with the price even reaching 90 million dollars. 
She had just chosen a random stone. 
Yet the gem it produced was worth so much. 
She had no idea what kind of gem the worst stone, in Lily's opinion, would produce. 
But it looked like the stone would produce a much more valuable gem than the emerald. 
Lily felt suffocated. 
Harriet had cheated, but these people were vying with each other to buy her gem. 
The one in Lily's hand, however, was ignored. 
If the salesperson had introduced that stone to her, she would have been the winner. 
If she won, she wouldn't have to endure Harriet's and Lewis's humiliation. 
Lily's face twisted with jealousy, and she slammed the table next to her. 
The place quieted down, and she said, "Harriet obtained this gem through cheating. Don't you think it's dirty?"
Harriet handed the gem to Delbert and looked at Lily. 
If Lily hadn't been so confrontational, she wouldn't have bothered to expose the fact that Lily had been introduced to all the raw stones in the venue by the salesperson, knowing which ones could produce precious gems. 
But since Lily insisted on crossing the bottom line, she would show no mercy.
###Chapter 625
Chapter 625
Harriet sneered and calmly looked at Lily. "You accuse me of cheating, but have you even checked if you are clean or not? When I first came to this area, a salesperson was standing next to you, right?" 
Lily didn't understand what Harriet meant. She subconsciously nodded. 
Realizing it afterward, she stepped back with a wary look. "So what?" 
Harriet smirked and slowly approached Lily. "If so, whether I cheated or not has nothing to do with you. Did that salesperson introduce to you all the raw stones in this area that can produce precious gems?" 
Her voice grew colder, and Lily's heart tightened. 
But there was no time for her to think about why Harriet knew about this matter. 
She pretended to be calm and snorted. "Are you suspecting me of cheating? Clearly, you are the one cheating, yet you suspect me. How ridiculous!" 
Harriet unhurriedly glanced at the salesperson. 
Lily was alarmed. 
Before she could even threaten the salesperson not to disclose what happened just now, the salesperson took a few steps forward. 
Facing the crowd, the salesperson confessed, "Ms. Munoz is right. When Miss Lynch wanted to buy raw stones before, I introduced all the raw stones in this area to her."
The onlookers, who were originally focused on the exquisite gem, showed expressions of sudden realization. 
According to their previous understanding of Lily, she had no knowledge of gambling on stones and gems at all. 
Originally, they thought Lily was secretly dabbling in this field and considered her a low-key player. 
In fact, Lily knew nothing. 
The truly low-key player was Harriet, who had kept appearing in the news recently. 
Many people started to reverse their rankings of Lily and Harriet. 
The Lynch family was just a declining noble family. How could they compare to Harriet, the rising star of Imperium? 
Besides, Lily was arrogant and spoiled. Without the support of her family, she was nothing. 
In contrast, Harriet was confident and capable. 
After becoming the general manager of Levi's company, she closed many deals and found herself a capable assistant. Darryl was quite a promising young man. 
If there was a chance, they must make friends with Harriet. 
If they could please her, they might get the gem at a lower price. 
As for how to please Harriet... 
Many people couldn't help but turn their gaze toward Lily.
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626
It seemed that Harriet and Lily held old grudges against each other and now they had more. 
‘If I could belittle Lily in front of Harriet, making Harriet's enemy lose face, it’ll definitely please Harriet!’ 
With that thought, the man who was the first to approach Harriet to buy the jewel instantly switched to a look of righteous indignation. 
He addressed Lily directly, "Miss Lily, you cheated first, and then falsely accused others, even spouting malicious words. Is this the kind of upbringing befitting a lady of the Lynch family? I never expected such a noble house could raise someone with such malevolent intentions! I wonder if the ancestors of the Lynch family can rest in peace seeing this scene!" 
As soon as the man finished speaking, other people around started to voice their criticism of Lily. 
In an instant, everyone in the venue looked at Lily with disdain and disgust. 
Lily was practically going mad with anger. 
She had never faced such universal contempt and public accusation from everyone before! 
As the daughter of the Lynch family, Lily had been treated like a princess wherever she went. 
She was always the center of attention! 
Even in a sea of people, she was the most dazzling. 
Any request she made, especially from men, was never refused! 
But ever since Harriet arrived at Imperium,
What princess? 
What center of attention? 
All of it became nothing but a mirage! 
Everything she once had was destroyed by Harriet. 
Not only had Delbert never given her a second glance, but even her brother, Liam, who had doted on her since childhood, started to speak to her coldly and even stopped her allowance over a trivial matter! 
And those friends? 
If she didn't reach out to them first, they would even avoid her on the street. 
Wasn't Harriet just an orphan with no one to rely on? 
She was lucky to have caught the attention of the Bass brothers and become their sister, but essentially she was just an uncultured and unimportant girl from another city. 
Lily believed that Harriet could never match up to her. 
So why did Harriet take away everything she once had as soon as she arrived at Imperium? 
Even the man Lily loved, Harriet refused to give him up and kept causing trouble for her. 
Harriet deserved to die! 
At this moment, in Lily's eyes, Harriet seemed like an evil demon capable of all wickedness. 
Lily had completely forgotten that it was always she who initiated trouble with Harriet.
As for Harriet? She never bothered with Lily. 
Now, consumed by rage, Lily's malice seemed almost palpable, and jealousy grew rampantly in her heart. 
"Harriet, it was clearly you who cheated, clearly you who were in cahoots with that salesperson! The things that salesperson said must have been rehearsed with you! A woman as malicious as you doesn't deserve to live in this world, let alone have Delbert!" 
"Slap!" 
A slap resounded. 
Everyone's gaze turned to the man who had slapped Lily. 
After Delbert retracted his hand, he calmly took out a tissue and wiped where he had touched Lily with a look of disgust. 
He never hit women, but this time he couldn't stand it any second longer. 
His voice was icy cold with a strong hint of disdain, "Your last sentence, along with this slap, I return them to you exactly as they were!"
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627
The next moment, Delbert looked up at Lily, and a killing intent suddenly appeared in his eyes. 
"A malicious woman who doesn't deserve to live is clearly you!" 
As Delbert's next words were spoken, Lily's face turned pale with shock and she stumbled backward several steps. 
Oh no! 
She had forgotten that Delbert was also here when she uttered those words earlier. 
And now with his face darkened with anger, he was undoubtedly furious! 
Lily was both afraid and anxious at once but seeing Harriet raise an eyebrow and fold her arms with a look of watching a good show. 
Her face flushed with anger and she glared viciously at Harriet. 
If Delbert's impression of her worsened because of this drama, could Harriet bear the responsibility? 
She would never be done with Harriet! 
But no matter how much Lily wanted to settle scores with Harriet, Delbert was by her side now. 
She could forget settling scores. Delbert wouldn't even let her touch Harriet! 
Lily glanced at Harriet who seemed to enjoy the drama then turned her head towards Delbert with a dark expression. 
Gritting her teeth, she turned around to leave dejectedly.
But just as Lily turned around and was about to walk forward, someone suddenly grabbed her shoulder. 
Lily instinctively turned back and saw that it was Harriet behind her. 
"Harriet, what are you doing?" 
Lily raised her hand to swat away Harriet's hand! 
As Lily's hand was about to touch her own, Harriet simply stepped back lightly and easily dodged Lily's hand, a mischievous and wicked smile curving her lips as she stepped back. 
Lily's sudden turn and attempt to hit Harriet's hand had been forceful, and her balance was surely off. 
When Harriet dodged, Lily immediately lost her balance, and the consequences were likely... 
Only a "thump" was heard. 
Lily's footing faltered, and she fell straight to the ground. 
Her body was slightly bruised at the elbows. 
But her face took the worst of it. 
Lily had fallen face-first. 
Her nose was bleeding from the knock, and her face was bruised with patches of blue and purple, looking painfully sore. 
Seeing Lily in such a state, Harriet, who had anticipated that, stepped forward with a clever smile.
"I was simply kindly reminding Miss Lily not to forget about our bet before leaving, to remember to kneel and apologize to me. But I didn't expect you to be so committed to your promise. Before I could even speak, you had already knelt down. 
"And then, you even performed such an earnest kowtow, truly living up to the noble name of the Lynch family with your honesty and integrity!" 
Lily, already somewhat angry from the fall, was now absolutely furious after hearing Harriet's words! 
She slowly got up from the ground, propping herself up with her hands. 
Her disheveled appearance was far from that of a lady of wealth. If one ignored her attire, mistaking her for a beggar wouldn't be too far-fetched. 
Just as Lily steadied herself and was about to pounce on Harriet, she roared nearly madly, "Harriet, you've gone too far! I won’t let this go!" 
Harriet simply moved slightly to the right, easily dodging Lily's attack. 
Seeing Lily's frantic state, Harriet feigned innocence with a shrug, her voice tinged with a hint of grievance, 
"Miss Lily, that's not fair. Where have I gone too far? It was you who wanted to bet on stones, and you who cheated and got caught. 
"I was just kindly reminding you that you hadn't fulfilled our bet. Now you're trying to hit me. How can you say I've gone too far?" 
Lily, driven to madness by her fall, didn't care who was actually at fault.
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628
There was only one thought in her mind: revenge against Harriet, to make Harriet as embarrassed as she was. 
After missing her target, Lily steadied herself and lunged at Harriet again with renewed vigor. 
"Harriet, I'll make sure to quell your arrogance today!" 
As Harriet was about to dodge again, Delbert, quick as lightning, extended his arm and pressed Lily down to the ground, signaling Lewis and the employees of the gems trading center to restrain her. 
Delbert looked at Lily with disdain, his brows slightly furrowed. 
The worry in his eyes seemed to be for his clothes that might get dirty from touching Lily. 
He had a thing about cleanliness. Especially towards fools like Lily, it was more pronounced. 
This cleanliness obsession only disappeared when he dealt with Harriet. 
Delbert looked up at Lily with disdain and scoffed coldly without any mercy, 
"Is this the daughter of the Lynch family in Imperium? What an eye-opener! The esteemed daughter of the Lynch family acting like a madwoman in public, causing a scene and attempting to throw herself at others?" 
Hearing Delbert's words brought back the last shreds of rationality to Lily. 
When she noticed the contemptuous looks from the crowd around her, she wished she could just disappear. 
What had she done just now?
How could she have lost her senses and recklessly lunged at Harriet? 
It must be Harriet's fault. It had nothing to do with her! 
If it hadn't been for Harriet provoking her on purpose, how could she possibly have lost her mind? 
It was all Harriet's fault! 
At this moment, Lily's resentment towards Harriet even surpassed that towards Harriet's eight brothers. 
After all, it was suspected that when Harriet's eight brothers came to Imperium, they did something unknown to their parents that led to their deaths and the downfall of their family. 
That was why she hated Harriet's eight brothers so much. 
The Lynch family were supposed to be the emperors of Imperium, nobility of the highest order. 
And her status in all of Imperium was second to none. 
Calling her the princess of Imperium wouldn't be an exaggeration. 
But now, even Harriet, that lowlife dared to defy her! 
Harriet and her eight brothers were all harbingers of disaster! 
Ever since they came to Imperium, her parents died one after another... 
Since Harriet came to Imperium, her reputation was ruined, and misfortune followed! 
Thinking that, Lily glared furiously at Harriet. Her look could kill!
Just as Lily was about to demand justice from Harriet, she heard Harriet say slowly, "Now that you’ve regained your composure. Miss Lily, it's time to fulfill our previous bet and kneel down to apologize, isn't it?" 
The bet? 
Lily was taken aback. 
After a brief moment of shock, she remembered the bet they had made. 
She had vowed that if she won, Harriet would immediately kneel and apologize. 
Likewise, if Harriet won, she would kneel and apologize to Harriet. 
She had been confident, with the help of a shopping guide and knowledge of all the stones in the venue that could produce precious jewel, she would win. 
But she never imagined Harriet would extract a top-quality jewel from an ordinary stone, which completely overshadowed her own superior jewel. 
She had thought that it would be Harriet kneeling and apologizing, that she couldn’t possibly lose. 
But fate had other plans...
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629
Lily looked around, taking in the circle of onlookers. 
When she saw that everyone was watching with a look of anticipation for the drama, and not a single person intended to speak up for her, her heart sank. 
Noticing Lily, the main party involved, looking at them, a hint of disdain flashed in the eyes of the surrounding crowd. 
"What are you looking at us for, Miss Lily? Surely you don't want to kneel and apologize to Miss Harriet, do you? After all, it was you who proposed the bet. Tsk tsk, you can't afford to lose, right?" 
"Losing isn’t an option for the lady of the Lynch family, is it? I think Miss Lily believes that Miss Harriet actually cheated and is still deluded into thinking she did nothing wrong. How shameless she is!" 
Listening to the sarcastic comments from the crowd, Lily felt like crying. 
She bit her lower lip tightly, her hands clenched into fists, looking pitiful enough to evoke sympathy. 
But no one present felt any compassion for her. 
Lily was about to make another excuse to clear her name. 
But Delbert seemed to see right through Lily's thoughts. 
His icy gaze, with a hint of threat, slowly shifted towards Lily. 
When Delbert saw that Lily still hadn't knelt to apologize to Harriet, his cold voice came from not too far away. 
"Kneel and apologize or die, Lily, you choose!"
Delbert's deep, beautiful eyes seemed to tell Lily that he wouldn’t show mercy because of her brother's past friendship with him if she didn’t apologize to Harriet. 
Remembering her brother's mention of Delbert's ruthless reputation in the business world, Lily was scared out of her wits. 
Delbert's overpowering presence kept assaulting her, almost suffocating her. 
Unable to bear the pressure, Lily decisively knelt down and through gritted teeth eked out a few words. 
"I'm sorry, Miss Harriet. I was wrong." 
But even though she had knelt down to apologize, she was still very unwilling. 
Delbert, this noble and proud man, why would he fall for Harriet? 
And to be so infatuated with Harriet. 
Just because Harriet wanted her to kneel and apologize, Delbert threatened her with her life over his friendship with her brother, Liam, just to make her kneel! 
Such a noble and proud man like Delbert... 
Only she could possess him, and only she was worthy of him! 
She was determined to take Delbert back from Harriet's hands! 
And she was determined to get revenge on Harriet! 
Wait a second...
Lily suddenly seemed to remember something, a sinister and gloomy look flashing in her eyes. 
With her head bowed low, no one saw the expression on her face, nor did anyone notice the slight curl of her lips. 
That smile from Lily was profound, filled with malice and venom. 
As long as she could succeed in this matter. 
Harriet would never have a chance to turn things around! 
But before she could accomplish this task, she needed to contact a few more people. 
After apologizing and seeing that no one paid her any attention, Lily quickly stood up and left the gems trading center with her head down. 
No one tried to stop her. 
Everyone looked at her as if they were watching a joke. 
This drama was like a minor interlude, something that could help them get closer to Harriet. 
The real business was still getting their hands on that piece of jewel.
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630
Every person present had an eagerness in their eyes, almost unanimously asking, "Miss Harriet, who do you plan to sell this piece of jewel to?" 
The price of that exquisite piece of jewel had now escalated beyond 9 million and reached over 10 million in the never-ending bidding war, with an upward trend still visible. 
The truth was that 10 million dollars were almost equivalent to the annual income of many company bosses. 
And here was Harriet, a young girl who had earned it in less than an hour. 
Even they were envious of Harriet's luck! 
They weren’t at all worried that Harriet wouldn't be able to sell this exquisite piece of jewel! 
With a fortune of 10 million close at hand, who wouldn't take it? 
But the next second, Harriet's response shocked everyone present. 
Harriet nonchalantly took the jewel from Delbert's hand, her lips parting slightly to utter a few words that instantly drove everyone into a frenzy, "Sorry, I'm not selling this jewel!" 
Not selling? 
What was all their earlier eager bidding for? 
What did their earlier actions mean when they humiliated Lily and offended the Lynch family just to please Harriet? 
They were complete clowns!
Seeing the crowd's collapse around her, Harriet spread her hands with a helpless look on her face. 
She didn’t say she would sell the jewel. 
She wasn't short on money. Not to mention that her eight brothers would transfer money to her bank account from time to time, casually adding up to millions, making her wealth surpass that of most of the big bosses in Imperium. 
Moreover, she was planning to keep this piece of jewel as a gift for her eight brothers. 
But seeing the pitiful state of the crowd around her, she couldn't help but feel a little sorry for them. 
She sighed helplessly and continued, "I have another use for this jewel stone. After this period is over, I’ll come here again. By then, the jewel I get may possibly be sold to others." 
Upon hearing Harriet's words, the onlookers slightly reined in their disappointed expressions. 
Although they were internally falling apart, they still expressed understanding for Harriet's decision to keep the exceptional piece of jewel. 
After all, Harriet was the beloved sister of the eight tycoons of Imperium. 
After getting such a piece of exceptional jewel, she would surely take it back to report to her brothers, using it to strengthen her own influence and carve out a share of the Bass family's assets. 
These assets were far more valuable than mere numbers in a bank account. 
If Harriet could hear the thoughts of those present, she would probably die laughing. 
To carve out more assets? 
To strengthen her influence?
She didn’t know when the family of her eight brothers became such a den of intrigue? 
The imagination of these onlookers was simply too wild! 
Seeing that the crowd had no intention of pestering her, Harriet breathed a sigh of relief. 
After giving a few instructions to Lewis, she once again entered the stones area, ready to pick out a few more rough stones. 
After cutting them open, she planned to take them along with the piece of jewel she already had. 
The crowd, which had been ready to disperse, paused their departure upon seeing Harriet head towards the stones area and stayed to watch. 
They were curious whether Harriet's ability to produce exceptional jewel was due to sheer luck or solid skill. 
But it wasn't long before the onlookers were stunned again!
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631
Not far away, a sales associate beside Harriet was carrying a pile of rough stones towards the stone cutter. 
Even the stone cutter couldn't help but twitch at the sight of these stones. 
All the rough stones being carried were selected by Harriet! 
The crowd was astounded. 
After all, these rough stones appeared quite ordinary at first glance. 
Was Harriet overly confident in her luck? 
Or did she possess enough skill to be sure she could cut good stones from them? 
After all, this gems trading center was the largest and oldest in Imperium. Even the prices for rough stones weren’t low! 
Cutting so many stones at once, the odds of not losing money were incredibly slim! 
Indeed, Harriet was still a girl with simple thoughts at heart. 
Having just cut an exceptional piece of jewel, she wanted to continue her luck and cut more fine jewel. 
It looked like she might lose money this time! 
Just as everyone felt pity for her and some even thought to advise Harriet not to cut so many stones, 
The first rough stone selected by Harriet was finally cut by the stone cutter.
At the sight of that piece of jewel, the onlookers were dumbfounded again. 
It was a purple sapphire! 
And its quality seemed much better than that of the piece Lily had just got! 
Just the fame of purple sapphire was enough to earn back the cost price of Harriet's rough stone purchase. 
Not to mention that the purity of this piece of purple sapphire even rivaled that of the exceptional piece of jewel! 
How could this be? 
How could Harriet get such fine jewel twice in a row? 
Or were they dreaming right now? 
They couldn’t believe their eyes! 
The entire venue erupted with the sound of slapping. 
Continuous and unending. 
These slaps weren't because the onlookers were applauding. 
Instead, many thought they were dreaming and slapped themselves, trying to wake up from this dream! 
Two exceptional pieces of jewel appearing at once. 
If this wasn't a dream, then what was it?
This event was shocking enough for the entire jewel industry! 
But how could it be possible? 
The stone cutter, upon cutting that piece of purple sapphire and at Harriet's gesture, picked another rough stone and continued cutting. 
Before long, another piece of jewel emerged before everyone's eyes. 
This piece turned out to be a blue diamond! 
The entire stone seemed as though it had been soaked in blue, its blue color shimmering with a hint of nobility amidst its plain appearance, with a breath-taking beauty about it. 
This piece of blue diamond was so rare that its quality even surpassed that of the purple sapphire just cut! 
All the onlookers were completely dumbfounded this time. 
First a pure purple sapphire, now a blue diamond... 
Was Harriet creating a pair of blue and purple jewels? 
Even the stone cutter's hands were trembling slightly as he worked. 
He carefully set down the finished blue diamond and picked up another rough stone. 
The moment he made the first cut, his hands shook even more violently. 
A ruby? 
And top-quality ruby at that!
Not seen once in ten years, let alone a hundred! 
This top-quality ruby was far more prestigious than the exceptional piece of jewel just cut! 
It was simply outrageous! 
Harriet had consecutively got a purple sapphire, a blue diamond, a ruby, and each piece was of extremely high quality! 
Once in a hundred years? 
No! 
This was once in ten thousand years! 
How did they not know about so many precious jewels in their gems trading center? 
And these were just the first three pieces. 
It was hard to imagine what kind of jewel would appear next with a pile of rough stones still waiting for her to cut out.
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632
The next second, after the stone cutter made another cut into a rough stone, the whole place fell into a stunned silence. 
The stone cutter even fainted. 
Along with him, many of the onlookers and staff members of the gems trading center also passed out from shock. 
What kind of luck was this? 
Four times in a row, they had all been top-grade jewels. 
When they were betting on stones, why didn't they ever see such jewels appear? 
It felt as if the jewels were hiding from them whenever they bet on stones! 
But when Harriet came to bet on stones, why did the jewels seem to jump into her hands? 
It was so unfair! 
What was even more infuriating was that everyone initially thought that Harriet's streak of luck with four top-grade jewels would end there. 
But they were completely wrong. This wasn’t the end but just the beginning! 
In the next round, all of the remaining ten rough stones that Harriet had personally selected turned out to be top-grade jewels. 
If it hadn't been witnessed with their own eyes, they would never have believed such a thing could happen in the world.
Harriet's luck was so good it couldn't just be summed up as outrageous. 
Even if one were to bet everything on stone gambling, his luck wouldn't normally be this good! 
Not only were the surrounding onlookers shocked, but Lewis was equally astonished. 
His shock was even more pronounced than that of the people around him. 
How could this be? 
Each rough stone that Harriet picked wasn't pre-arranged by her to ensure precious jewel would be found. Each one was chosen by her own luck. 
No... 
That wasn’t right! 
Getting one or two precious jewels could be called luck. 
But continuously producing over a dozen top-grade jewels? That was skill! 
Others might not know Harriet's other background, but he did. 
One of Harriet's brothers was the behind-the-scenes boss of this gems trading center! 
Who would have thought that the scene of Alan betting on stones years ago would be replayed at this moment with Harriet? 
And Harriet, seeing the shocked expressions around her, stood proudly with her hands on her hips, her clear and beautiful eyes carrying a hint of arrogance, as if she was asking for praise from Delbert by her side.
These rough stones producing so many top-grade jewels was within her expectations. 
The only surprise for her was that there were so many top-grade jewel rough stones in this trading center. 
It seems that whenever she would need money in the future, she could just take a walk here and make a fortune? 
Standing beside her, Delbert looked at the proud woman with affection in his eyes and a slight curve on his lips. 
While everyone's attention was focused on the few pieces of top-grade jewel, Delbert leaned down slightly and whispered in Harriet's ear, "Both luck and skill coexist. I’m so proud of you." 
The man's voice was hoarse, deep with endless allure. The doting tone mixed with an unusual hint of pride merged with the warm breath he exhaled. 
Harriet instantly felt aroused, and her cheeks flushed red. 
Hearing the man's words, Harriet blushed and quickly called Lewis to change the subject, "Mr. Lewis, do you have a private room for stone cutting? I'd like to cut a rough stone. Please find me a reliable stone cutter."
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633
Lewis was initially taken aback upon hearing her request but then nodded quickly as if he had thought of something. 
After processing Harriet's words and combining it with the mysterious stone that had appeared in her hand earlier, Lewis understood that the stone probably had an extraordinary origin. 
Harriet likely wanted to cut open this stone as well to see what kind of jewel was inside. 
Before long, he arranged for a room for Harriet to use for stone cutting. 
The stone cutter he summoned was one of the most experienced in the entire jewel trading center. 
It was said that this stone cutter had witnessed the days when Alan ruled over the jewel world with his power and influence. 
Now he had become one of the most reliable stone cutters under Alan's command. 
This stone cutter was loyal to Alan and was aware of Harriet's background. 
Having him cut the stone was the safest bet! 
As he watched Harriet and her assistant, Delbert, along with the stone cutter following behind, enter the arranged room, 
Lewis stood at the door, guarding for the three inside. 
But it wasn't long before a loud noise came from within the room! 
Worried, Lewis hurriedly pushed open the door and ran inside, only to see the stone cutter had fallen to the ground with stone-cutting tools in hand.
The stone cutter's face was full of shock, with a hint of excitement visible, and his hands were even trembling slightly. 
Seeing that, Lewis suddenly had an ominous premonition and quickly spoke up, "Miss Harriet, Mr. Darryl, are you alright?" 
As soon as he finished speaking, Lewis seemed to see something that made his face turn to shock, and he stumbled and fell to the ground. 
He quickly got up and shut the door. 
What the stone cutter had just revealed was none other than one of the rarest jewels, emerald! 
And this emerald was no ordinary piece. 
It wasn't like the common ones found on the market. 
Top-grade green gemstones were extremely rare, even unheard of in many cases. 
To say nothing of the excellent quality green gemstones, top-grade emerald could just be a fantasy for many jewel enthusiasts. 
But who would have thought that this beautiful fantasy would one day become a reality? 
And now, this top-grade emerald was right before their eyes! 
Lewis finally understood why Harriet had specifically instructed him to prepare a room and a trustworthy stone cutter. 
The news of this emerald would send shock waves through the entire jewel community.
If word got out, it could lead to dire consequences, with some potentially harboring ill intentions to forcibly take the jewel from Harriet's hands. 
Suddenly, Lewis felt the weight of responsibility on his shoulders. 
He had initially been somewhat afraid of Harriet being forcibly robbed due to the high-quality stones she had previously revealed. 
But the fact that Harriet had revealed these stones in their own gems trading center gave him some peace of mind. 
After all, there was an unwritten rule in the gems trading center that strictly prohibited anyone from snatching a customer's jewel after they had bet on it! 
Violating that rule would result in a permanent ban from the gems trading center, as the center would consider the violators enemies and even pursue legal action against them.
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634
It was the gems trading center's mechanism to protect its customers. 
Under the protection, Lewis had thought Harriet would be safe. 
But now that Harriet had revealed top-grade emerald, the situation was different. 
Such top-grade emerald might compel some to become enemies of the gems trading center just to take it from Harriet's hands. 
Lewis's expression immediately tensed as he stepped towards the stone cutter lying on the ground. 
He was about to confirm for the third time that the stone cutter wouldn't leak this news when he heard Harriet say, "Is this green jewel very precious?" 
Harriet tilted her head, her face full of confusion as she looked at the rough stone on the table that had just been cut, which was now faintly revealing the emerald inside. 
Lewis, who had been tense, nearly dropped his jaw in shock upon hearing Harriet's words. 
He had been wondering how Harriet could have revealed such fine jewel without any reaction and even stand quietly aside. 
He had thought she was being unflappable. 
But it turned out she didn't recognize this piece of top-grade green jewel at all! 
“Miss Harriet, please let me introduce...” 
Lewis was about to introduce this piece of emerald to Harriet, but she raised her hand to stop him. 
She wasn't unfamiliar with the jewel in front of her.
She knew from the moment she got hold of this stone that the green jewel inside was pricey. 
But after all, it was just a stone. 
The stone cutter had fainted at the first cut, and Lewis had fallen over upon entering and seeing the jewel. 
Was it really that precious? 
Anyway, since this Harriet was extremely precious, then... 
A sly glint passed through Harriet's eyes, her lips curling slightly. 
Underneath her veiled look towards Delbert, there seemed to be an unfathomable expression hidden. 
Not long after, the stone cutter who had been shocked to the ground calmed down for a moment and finally stood up to continue cutting the rough stone. 
After the entire piece of emerald was cut out, Lewis carefully packaged it before letting Harriet and Delbert leave with peace of mind. 
"Miss Harriet, have a good journey." 
Lewis even considered having bodyguards from the gems trading center accompany Harriet to ensure her safety all the way. 
But since nobody knew about Harriet's possession of emerald and considering the rules of the gems trading center as well as Harriet's public identity as the treasured sister of the Bass family brothers, it seemed unlikely anyone would rob her. 
So he decided not to arrange for bodyguards to follow Harriet.
The crowd that had just witnessed Harriet reveal more than a dozen pieces of exquisite jewel still had shocked expressions on their faces. 
They looked at the bags of stones carried by Delbert beside Harriet with almost drooling anticipation. 
They wondered how fine a jewel Harriet could reveal next time she came to sell at the gems trading center? 
Even if it couldn't compare to what she had opened this time, it surely wouldn't be far off. 
It seemed that next time, they would need to prepare quite a bit of money in advance! 
Harriet walked side by side with Delbert to the underground parking garage. 
Delbert's hands were still carrying various bags, all filled with the jewel Harriet had just revealed.
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635
In the underground parking garage. 
It was unusually quiet since it was a workday, with few cars and even fewer people, leaving only the sound of Harriet and Delbert's footsteps echoing. 
Unseen by them, several figures lurked in the shadows. 
Not long ago, Lily escaped from the gems trading center in embarrassment. 
She ran into her brother, Liam, on her way home, who had rushed over after hearing about the drama. 
Liam had been swamped at work because of Harriet and was both angry and resentful upon hearing that Lily had been dealt with by Harriet at Alan‘s gems trading center. 
He didn’t want to deal with his foolish sister. 
But he realized that during this critical period, any slip-up by Lily could be exploited by Harriet in the court of public opinion. By then, the Lynch Group would be doomed. 
Without hesitation, Liam drove to the gems trading center to find Lily. 
When he saw her running out, disheveled, he knew she had been thrown out by Harriet. 
Liam was aware that Lily had instigated the situation and, after losing a bet, accused Harriet of cheating before being forced to apologize. 
Liam was surprised to see the extent of Lily's injuries. 
Her face was swollen and bruised. Her nose was bloodied and only just stopped bleeding.
Despite that, he felt no sympathy for her—her actions had turned the Lynch family into a laughingstock in Imperium. 
How could she expect his sympathy after such foolishness? 
Without further discussion, Liam commanded, "Lily, go with me to apologize to Harriet at the jade trading center!" 
Lily was stunned by his words. 
She had been thrilled to see her brother because she needed his help with a plan against Harriet— a plan best implemented sooner rather than later. 
But before she could share it, he demanded she apologize. 
Why was her brother siding with Harriet just like Delbert and everyone else at the scene? 
With a pout and a reluctant expression, Lily complained, "Liam, whose last name do you carry— Lynch or Munoz? It was Harriet who provoked me first. Why should I apologize to her? She doesn't deserve my apology!" 
Hearing that, Liam knew of Lily's stubbornness and didn't waste words. 
"No more nonsense. You're going to apologize today whether you like it or not!" 
After shouting angrily, he reached for Lily's hand to drag her upstairs to apologize to Harriet. 
In the past, he would have indulged his willful sister's every wish. 
But now, the Lynch family's reputation in Imperium and the company's future were at stake. 
Lily had no say in this matter.
At this moment, however, Lily suddenly grabbed Liam's hand.
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636
"Liam, haven't you been troubled lately about how to deal with Harriet? I've just thought of a great way that will leave her with no chance to recover! 
"And this method won't damage the reputation of the Lynch family even if it gets out!" 
Liam was swayed by Lily's words. He indeed wanted to bring down Harriet to give the Lynch Group a chance to rise again in Imperium. 
He became curious about what plan Lily had in mind. 
After all, his sister had been foolishly outmaneuvered by Harriet every time, each plan more flawed than the last, easily giving Harriet leverage. 
But now Lily claimed her plan would destroy Harriet without harming the Lynch family's reputation. 
Postponing the apology wouldn't hurt. He might as well hear her out. 
With that thought, Liam looked up at Lily, signaling her to continue. 
"Go on, what's your plan?" 
Seeing her brother not only willing to listen but also showing keen interest, Lily was overjoyed and eager to share. 
"Liam, haven't you been conspiring with Garry and Wendell against Harriet lately? Garry is the vice president of Harriet's company, right?" 
Liam nodded, puzzled as to why Lily suddenly brought up Garry. 
Lily continued excitedly, "Right now on the Internet, all the public opinion from your side is targeting Harriet for bullying. But almost everyone believes that even if Harriet is a bully, she bullies those
who deserve it—she did well. So if we want to take down Harriet, we need another breakthrough soon!" 
Liam nodded, "Continue." 
Lily said, "Harriet and Garry are from the same company. If there's a slip-up in a project under Harriet's responsibility—like leaking key information. 
"At that time, if a company comes to talk business with Harriet—seen as the only beneficiary after such a leak—what would that look like under online scrutiny?" 
As soon as Lily finished speaking, a malicious expression crept onto her face, contorted with envy. 
Seeing Liam hadn't responded yet, she continued summarizing on her own. 
"My plan is for you to contact Garry first. Have him extract key information from one of Harriet's projects and leak it to other companies as one of her subordinates. 
"Remember, this information can't be fake; its leak must cause real harm to Garry's company for authenticity!" 
Lily spoke convincingly but failed to notice Liam's expression darkening. 
"After leaking the information, have Garry continue acting as Harriet's subordinate to facilitate deals with those companies as payback for leaking key information. 
"When all those companies have negotiated with Harriet, we'll expose the news. Harriet's reputation will be completely ruined!"
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637
At this moment, Lily's eyes were filled with jealousy and malice. 
The seeds of jealousy had long been planted in her heart, taking root and growing into a towering tree that bore bitter fruit. 
She wished for Harriet's death! 
If this plan succeeded, Harriet would be ruined, and no one would dare to work with her again. 
With no progress in her work and being shunned by the public, Harriet would have no way out. 
Lily was certain that Liam had recently suffered a loss because of Harriet and must also dislike her. 
Therefore, he had forced her to apologize to Harriet due to public pressure. 
As long as Liam was willing to cooperate, the plan would definitely succeed! 
Then, she wouldn't have to endure Harriet's presence or suffer her insults. 
From then on, Imperium would only have one distinguished lady—the Lynch family's Miss Lily! 
Lily was feeling triumphant about her perfect plan. 
But the next moment, Liam grabbed her wrist with great force, not considering whether she felt pain, and dragged her towards the gems trading center. 
As he pulled her along, he said harshly, "Lily, I should have known you wouldn't change your ways. I shouldn't have wasted time listening to your ridiculous plans!" 
It was crazy that he had shown some interest in her absurd plan just because of a few words from his useless sister.
What had he come here for today? 
To prevent Harriet from finding any evidence that would ruin their previous plan. 
But now, he was being pressured to give up their original plan completely! 
Was she joking? 
Even if he wanted to give up their previous plan, Wendell and Garry would never agree! 
Not to mention that Lily's plan required Garry's cooperation. 
Besides, how could Garry accept giving up their original plan? 
Lily still didn't realize what she had done in their previous plan with Garry and Wendell! 
She had used their plan to threaten Harriet! 
Although Wendell and Garry hadn't said much to her on the surface, Liam didn't know what they thought of them and the Lynch family behind their back! 
Lily not only failed to repent but also continued to propose absurd plans one after another. 
She had caused such a big commotion just then and was still thinking of causing more trouble. 
Upon hearing Liam's words, Lily was dumbfounded. 
Weren't they just having a good conversation? 
Liam had seemed curious. 
She had even thought victory was within reach and he would surely agree to cooperate with her.
But why did he suddenly become angry after she finished explaining the plan? 
And why did he grab her hand and insist that she apologize to Harriet? 
Lily couldn't bear this treatment. 
She forcefully pulled her hand away from Liam and pushed him away. 
"Liam, I can see that you've suffered a loss because of Harriet. I wanted to help you deal with her. But you not only fail to appreciate it but also force me to apologize to Harriet! 
“I've been bullied by Harriet. Look at my nose and my face—she did this. It's still swollen! How can you take Harriet's side? Who are you even a brother to?" 
Liam was already furious and became even more breathless after hearing Lily's words. 
He couldn't believe how thick-skinned his sister was. 
It was clear that she had been mistreated by Harriet herself and wanted to deal with her!
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638
Lily claimed to help Liam because she saw him suffering a loss but he rejected her ridiculous plan. 
Yet she questioned whether he was her brother. 
How could such a person be his sister? 
And how could he have pampered his own sister since birth? 
Lily seemed oblivious to Liam's changing expression and continued to complain bitterly about Liam, even bringing up past events. 
As Lily continued to complain about Liam, Liam’s expression grew increasingly grim. 
Just as Lily brought up a recent event and continued to complain about Liam, Liam released his grip on Lily's wrist. 
Just as Lily was puzzled by that, the next moment, with a loud "smack!" Lily's face swelled up completely red. 
She couldn't believe it and covered her left cheek which was now red with swelling. 
She looked at the hand that her brother had just let go of in disbelief. 
Her own brother who had doted on her for over a decade had hit her? 
And he had hit her on the face! 
Lily looked at Liam with an expression of near-collapse on her face. 
She tried to tell herself that the person who had just hit her wasn't her own brother or one of the few people who had been kind to her.
But the pain on her face and her brother's indifferent expression told her otherwise. 
She had been hit! 
Her own brother who had been by her side for over ten years had hit her! 
The last defense in Lily's heart was completely shattered by the betrayal of her own family. 
Tears streamed down her face, "Liam, I hate you!" 
With that, she turned and ran away. 
When Liam watched Lily's distraught figure, his expression remained as cold as ever, without a hint of concern in his eyes. 
It would serve her right to learn a lesson! 
He remembered the first time he hit Lily, which was shortly after the banquet held by Harriet's second brother, Levi. 
At that time, he had felt a twinge of guilt when he saw Lily leave in distress. 
But now, he felt no guilt, but only disappointment and anger towards Lily. 
If he had the chance, he would go back to when Lily was born and give himself a good slap. 
Why had he pampered Lily so much? 
He had spoiled her to the point where she dared to confront him and lecture him! 
She didn't know her place! 
However...
For some reason, Liam suddenly remembered the plan Lily had just told him. 
A glint appeared in his eyes, and he involuntarily picked up his phone and dialed Garry's number. 
He seemed to be hesitating about something. 
Several minutes later, on a bench by the roadside, Lily's eyes were no longer filled with tears, only a faint redness around her eyes. 
As Lily looked at the contact information she had bought at great cost on her phone screen, her lips curled up slightly, forming a sly smile. 
She didn’t expect her brother to refuse to help her. 
In the end, she could only rely on herself. 
Without hesitation, Lily dialed the number. 
As soon as the call connected, an impatient voice came from the other end, "Who’s this? Why are you calling me? If you don't say anything, I'll hang up..." 
Hearing the man threatening to hang up, Lily quickly said to stop him, "Wait a sec! I have an important matter to discuss with you! Isn't your boss currently searching for precious jade in various places? 
"At the largest gems trading center in Imperium, someone has just revealed a rare piece of jewel that only appears once every ten years!"
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639
The man on the other end of the phone was none other than Benjamin Walker, a trusted lieutenant in the underworld of Imperium, who worked under a prominent figure. 
The news about Benjamin's boss searching for jewels had been overheard by Lily during a shopping trip with her female friends. 
She didn't want to contact Benjamin directly, but there was very little information available about his boss. 
Even after spending a lot of money, she only managed to obtain Benjamin's phone number. 
Fearful that Benjamin would find out that Harriet was the one who had found the exceptional jewel, and out of concern for Harriet’s status as Arthur and Levi's sister, Lily had concealed the name of the person who had found the exceptional jewel when she spoke to Benjamin. 
Upon hearing Lily's words, Benjamin on the other end of the line became instantly anxious, followed by an uncontrollable sense of joy and excitement. 
"What do you mean by this? We are law-abiding citizens. How could we possibly engage in robbery?" 
Lily was speechless at Benjamin's words. 
She didn’t ask them to engage in robbery. 
Wasn't this a case of protesting too much? 
Although she was exasperated, Lily still quickly added, "Someone has targeted the person who found the exceptional jewel. If you don't act now, someone else will beat you to it!"
Upon hearing that, Benjamin couldn't sit still. 
After expressing his thanks, he quickly hung up the phone. 
Even through the phone, Lily could feel Benjamin's anxiety. 
Seeing Benjamin, as she had expected, preparing to snatch the jewelsite from Harriet's hands filled Lily with glee. 
Although this plan wouldn't cause as much substantial harm to Harriet as the previous one, it would certainly lead to Benjamin taking harsh action against Harriet while competing for the jewel. 
In the end, Harriet would suffer just as much as she had. 
The thought of Harriet being beaten and bloodied, looking even more wretched than herself, filled Lily with satisfaction. 
... 
Benjamin and a few of his men were currently hiding in the shadows of the underground parking garage, unseen by Harriet and Delbert. 
When Benjamin saw Harriet approaching, he became visibly excited. 
The bag carried by the man beside this young woman definitely contained the exceptional jewel that Lily had mentioned. 
As long as he could get his hands on this jewel, he could have anything he wanted! 
Money, reputation, prestige, or status—everything depended on this exceptional jewel! 
He had also inquired with the woman who had provided him with information.
The two people before him were just ordinary people with relatively good luck and no background. 
Even if they were robbed of the exceptional jewel, they wouldn't dare to do anything about it. 
However, just as Benjamin was about to make his move, he was caught off guard by an unexpected interruption. 
Harriet took Delbert's hand and walked towards the car they had come in. 
When they reached the car, Harriet's lips curved into a sly and sweet smile. 
As Delbert walked to the driver's seat and prepared to open the door, Harriet suddenly lifted her leg and pushed Delbert against the car, resting her heel on his shoulder. 
She deliberately lowered her voice and imitated Delbert's previous teasing manner, speaking softly, "Darling, did I look handsome after slapping Lily today and consecutively revealing over a dozen precious jewels?"
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640
As soon as his woman pushed her leg against him, Delbert raised his eyebrows with interest. 
His deep-set eyes showed a hint of indulgence. 
He allowed Harriet to push her leg against him while holding the bag containing the jewel in his left hand and putting his right hand in his pocket. 
With his eyes lowered and his long eyelashes fluttering, his voice was openly affectionate. 
"Yes, my babe looks handsome no matter what she does. She looks even more handsome now. So handsome that I can't resist…" 
His voice was so deep that it was almost hoarse. 
His beautiful eyes looked at Harriet with a hint of desire flickering within them. 
After hearing Delbert's words, a blush instantly rose to Harriet's cheeks. 
She had intended to imitate Delbert and tease him in return. 
But she didn't expect that after being pushed by her leg, Delbert would still respond so flirtatiously that it made her heart race! 
She had tried to steal a kiss but ended up being kissed instead! 
Delbert was too bad! 
Blushing with anger, Harriet puffed up her cheeks like a little hamster. 
She changed the subject and brought up the main issue, "Delbert, how did you manage to notice that small stone on the display cabinet that seemed like scrap but contained a top-grade jewel?"
After finishing her sentence, she pushed her leg against Delbert again and moved closer to him. 
Her doe eyes held a hint of threatening playfulness as if she were coaxing Delbert to tell the truth and not lie. 
Delbert was immediately amused by the cute look on his woman's face, and he affectionately rubbed Harriet's head. 
"Where is my beautiful and sassy babe? How did you turn from handsome to a cute and soft little hamster in just three seconds?" 
Upon hearing Delbert's words, Harriet became even more annoyed, and her puffed-up cheeks didn't subside at all. 
What did he mean by "turning cute in three seconds"? 
When she pushed her leg against Delbert, it had definitely been more than three seconds! 
And what did he mean by "cute and soft little hamster"? 
She wasn't small at all, let alone like a hamster! 
With a hint of playful threat in her eyes as she looked at Delbert, Harriet responded with dissatisfaction, "I'm not a little hamster. Tell me quickly, how did you notice that small stone with the jewel?" 
When Delbert saw his woman looking stubborn and cute, his eyes flashed with cunning. 
He raised his eyebrows, slightly lowered his head, and said to Harriet's eyes filled with playfulness, "Call me 'darling,' and I'll tell you." 
After hearing Delbert's slightly sinister and seductive words, Harriet's blush spread to her ears.
Delbert had become increasingly mischievous since coming to Imperium. 
If that continued, she would get used to his mischief. 
However, curiosity got the better of her, so she had to obey his order. 
Harriet looked up at Delbert with curiosity, preparing to call him "darling." 
But at this moment, an unfamiliar voice suddenly interrupted them. 
"You lovebirds are flirting in broad daylight! Have you considered the feelings of us single people?" 
Almost instantly, along with the man's voice, the sound of a blade cutting through the air rang out!
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641
The next second, Harriet felt a sudden movement and was pulled aside by Delbert, narrowly avoiding a dagger that had flown unexpectedly from behind her. 
Harriet quickly withdrew her leg and turned around with a serious expression furrowing her brow, only to see a bulky figure with an ugly scarred face—the likely source of the thrown dagger. 
Beside this man were several underling-looking thugs, their faces less scarred than his. 
When the man noticed Harriet turning to look at him, his face showed no sign of guilt. 
Instead, he seemed defiant. 
"What are you looking at? Scared by that knife? The one I threw just now wasn't even aimed at you, so what are you afraid of?" 
This man was Benjamin, who had been lying in wait with his gang. 
He had planned to strike as soon as Harriet and Delbert passed by but didn't expect the couple to start getting cozy next to the car, which was torturous for a single man like him! 
Benjamin became instantly enraged and, in a fit of anger, threw the dagger he held. 
He was about to state his purpose when he was contradicted by one of his own men. 
"Benjamin, it looked like if this couple hadn't dodged, they would have been hit directly by the flying knife. You may not have aimed at them, but your shot was off..." 
Hearing his manr's voice made Benjamin feel embarrassed. 
He coughed lightly, pretending as if nothing had happened, and mentally noted the man who had spoken up, planning to settle the score later.
Benjamin then tried to act nonchalant as he addressed Harriet. 
"Did you just find an exceptional jewel at the gems trading center? If you know what's good for you, hand it over quickly. I might just spare your lives." 
Upon hearing that, Harriet immediately understood Benjamin's intentions. 
This man referred to by his subordinates as Benjamin had heard about her exceptional jewel and had come specifically to rob her. 
Was he unaware of her background? 
It was indeed brave of him! 
Harriet's lips curved into a dangerous smile. 
"Do you even know who I am to dare try taking the jewel from my hands?" 
Benjamin continued to look fierce and didn’t show Harriet any kindness. 
"I don't care who you are. Hand over the jewel quickly. I might consider sparing your life!" 
Where did this woman get her courage? 
Surely she didn't think that Benjamin had heard from Lily that she was just a commoner from a small rural area pretending to be some important personage! 
But Benjamin had to admit she played the part well. 
He looked up at Harriet, who smiled mysteriously at him without any intention of handing over the jewel.
A wave of irritation surged within Benjamin, triggering his underlying unease and making him more aggressive. 
"So you refuse to hand over the exceptional jewel? Then I'll take it myself!" 
With that, he stepped forward, reaching out to snatch the bag containing the precious stones from Delbert's hands. 
As Benjamin's hand neared the bag, Delbert's brows were deeply furrowed. 
"You’re digging your own grave!" 
He kicked out, striking Benjamin in the abdomen and sending him flying back a considerable distance.
###Chapter 642
Chapter 642
Benjamin clearly didn’t expect Delbert's martial prowess to be so formidable. 
Before he could react further, Delbert handed the bag he was carrying to Harriet. 
With a cold demeanor, Delbert slowly approached Benjamin. 
The murderous aura emanating from him made Benjamin's cronies wish they could abandon him and run away. 
After that kick, Benjamin realized the man before him was no ordinary person. 
Noticing the murderous intent radiating from Delbert made him panic. 
He propped himself up on his hands and kept scooting backward on the floor. 
"What do you want to do? Don't come any closer! I’m warning you, my boss is a big shot in the underworld of Imperium. If you mess with me, neither you nor your girlfriend can survive!" 
Seeing that things were going south, Benjamin resorted to flaunting his boss's status in an attempt to intimidate Delbert into leaving. 
But it was all in vain. 
Delbert showed no fear and kept advancing without any pause in his step. 
Step by step, Delbert walked towards Benjamin lying on the ground, looking down at him from above with eyes full of icy resolve, like the King of Terrors descending. 
"I'm asking you, who sent you? And where did you get the news that we found an exceptional jewel? You'd better not lie, or face the consequences!"
Benjamin appeared tough on the surface, but he actually was scared. 
Although he had promised Lily not to expose her identity, in such a situation, he didn't know what inhumane treatment he might face if he didn't reveal her identity. 
After making a decision, Benjamin no longer hesitated and promptly confessed, "I learned about that from a woman named Lily! As for my boss, I only know that his surname is Vinson. 
“He operates in the underworld of Imperium. Although he may not be as prominent as those elder figures, he’s still a significant figure. I've answered all your questions. Now, can you let me go?" 
After Benjamin finished speaking, he nervously looked at Delbert. 
Delbert showed a pensive expression and exchanged a glance with Harriet. 
Benjamin's anxiety multiplied several times as he feared that Delbert might attack him directly, which he couldn't withstand. 
While Delbert was lost in thought, Benjamin boldly signaled to his men to seize the opportunity and subdue Delbert. 
After all, they outnumbered him. 
He still didn't believe it. 
Could their group not handle the two people in front of them? 
As long as they caught the man, the woman would be like a lamb to the slaughter, obediently handing over the exceptional jewel! 
Seeing that several of his men had caught on to his thoughts, Benjamin immediately made a decision and stood up from the ground, throwing a punch at Delbert's face.
Although Delbert was pondering who Mr. Vinson was in Benjamin's words, he was still on guard against Benjamin. 
When he saw Benjamin make a move, the fist was about to strike his face. 
Prepared in advance, Delbert immediately stepped back, easily avoiding Benjamin's punch!
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643
Benjamin didn't dare to have any unnecessary reaction. 
He quickly retracted his fist, preparing for the next attack. 
After all, from the moves and techniques displayed by Delbert just now, it was clear that Delbert’s skills weren’t simple. 
Delbert might even rival the elite group under his boss. 
He didn’t expect that the ordinary person mentioned by Lily would have such good skills! 
Benjamin's heart was in turmoil and he was shocked beyond measure, unable to calm down for a long time. 
As he was about to retract his hand, his wrist was suddenly tightly grasped. 
Looking up, he saw Delbert firmly holding his wrist and rendering him unable to move! 
Before he could react further, Delbert exerted force, directly twisting Benjamin's entire arm and forcing him to turn around. 
In an instant of pain, Benjamin clenched his teeth and continued to struggle, hoping to break free. 
Unfortunately, his attack didn’t succeed... 
Right at this moment, several of his men had also rushed towards Delbert, ready to attack directly. 
Just as they were about to pounce on Delbert, several loud noises rang out, and their footsteps disappeared instantly! 
Upon hearing the loud noises, Benjamin quickly looked up in the direction of the sound of footsteps.
He saw several of his burly men lying on the ground in disarray! 
And beside his men, a twenty-year-old woman rubbed her fists, her eyes disdainful as she stood there with a faint smile on her lips—wicked and arrogant yet full of pride. 
"Sorry, I got carried away." 
That scene left Benjamin completely stunned. 
What was going on? 
How had all his men ended up lying on the ground? 
Benjamin was completely dumbfounded. 
His group of men had followed him through life and death for many years and were very strong and resilient. 
How could they all be defeated by a young woman? 
And the expression on the woman's face at the moment seemed to be mocking him, mocking his ignorance and foolishness, mocking him for being nothing more than a clown! 
As for his men, they weren’t feeling much better than Benjamin at the moment. 
Being knocked down by a young woman and unable to get up from the ground for a long time was such a disgrace for them! 
How could they still have the face to continue mixing in Imperium after this? 
Harriet paid no attention to how people around her saw her and walked step by step toward Benjamin.
Delbert smiled gently when he saw Harriet. 
Harriet raised an eyebrow and taunted Benjamin with a mocking tone in her voice, "What? Do you want to try what it feels like to be defeated by me?" 
Seeing his men writhing on the ground in pain and being pinned down by Delbert, Benjamin desperately shook his head with all his might. 
The confident demeanor he had displayed just now vanished in an instant. 
"No, no! I absolutely don't want to! Ma’am, we were blind and ignorant. I beg you both to let us go!" 
Harriet assumed the demeanor of a boss interrogating her subordinate and said, "Since you said that Lily provided you with the information about the exceptional jewel in my possession, did she tell you any other information apart from that?" 
When she heard Benjamin say that Lily had informed him about the exceptional jewel, Harriet wasn’t surprised at all. 
After all, with Lily's narrow-mindedness, it would be strange if she didn't plan to retaliate against her or find someone to deal with her after being humiliated by her! 
Upon hearing that, Benjamin didn't dare to lie and quickly recounted everything Lily had told him over the phone to Harriet. 
After listening, Delbert's expression grew even darker. 
It was obvious that he was extremely displeased. 
Under the pressure, Benjamin had a shiver. 
Delbert's thin lips parted as he uttered a few chilling words, "Take out your phone!"
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644
Benjamin dared not resist and quickly handed over his phone to Delbert. 
After taking the phone, Delbert immediately dialed Lily's number using Benjamin's phone. 
It didn't take long for the call to be answered. 
In the moment of connection, without waiting for a response from Lily, Delbert said directly, "Lily, I advise you to put away your dirty thoughts! I still don't want to harm you, considering your relationship with Liam!" 
Suddenly! 
There was a loud bang! 
It sounded like the phone at the other end had fallen to the ground. 
On Lily's end, the phone she had been clutching moments ago suddenly dropped to the ground. 
The screen shattered, but Lily had no thoughts to spare for the phone. 
She stared blankly ahead, feeling a sudden chill in her limbs and a buzzing in her brain. 
When Lily received Benjamin's call, she had been overjoyed, thinking it was to inform her of the success of Benjamin's plan. 
However, she heard Delbert's voice on the other end. 
And he had advised her to put away her dirty thoughts. 
Lily almost instantly realized that her plan had probably failed.
Since Delbert had been able to get hold of Benjamin's phone, Benjamin's situation was probably not good either. 
Moreover, from Delbert's tone, he had likely already learned from Benjamin that it was her who had informed Benjamin about the jewel. 
Her plan had completely failed. 
Even the identity of her behind-the-scenes manipulator was thoroughly exposed! 
After standing in a daze for a while, Lily picked up the phone again, pretending to look pitiful and wanting to argue, "Delbert, I don't understand what you're talking about. Didn't I already apologize to Harriet for what happened at the gems trading center?" 
Hearing Lily's evasive words, Delbert couldn't be bothered to continue arguing with her. 
"You know what you've done. I don't want to talk more about that. Lily, behave yourself! 
"If there's a next time, I won't show any mercy!" 
Afterwards, Delbert hung up the phone directly. 
After sending a photo of Benjamin and his men lying on the ground to Lily, he returned the phone to Benjamin. 
"Since the problem is resolved, let's go, Delbert!" 
Harriet smiled and took Delbert's hand directly, getting into the car and leaving swiftly. 
Only a trail of dust was left behind for Benjamin and his men.
After Delbert and Harriet left, Benjamin hurriedly stood up, pretending as if nothing had happened, coughing awkwardly a few times. 
This time, he had lost face in front of his men. 
Thinking about that, Benjamin had a sinister look. 
He stared at the car as it drove away and picked up his tightly clenched phone to dial a number. 
"Mr. Vinson, I remember you've been actively seeking various precious gem stones recently? I just happened to come across an exceptional jewel, but there was a little accident in the middle of it..." 
Mr. Vinson was Benjamin's immediate superior. 
He was also the person who could hold his own in Imperium's illegal trading area and had quite a reputation. 
If anyone dared to provoke him, they would have to pay the price! 
The couple just now might have been able to handle him, but once they encountered his boss, apart from obediently handing over the exceptional jewel in their hands, there would be no way out! 
With great anticipation, Benjamin relayed all the details to Mr. Vinson over the phone. 
On the other end of the call, Mr. Vinson twirled the diamond ring on his finger as if pondering something. 
He lowered his head, and no one could see the expression on his face under the shadow.
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645
After a moment, Mr. Vinson said slowly, his voice filled with malicious intent, "Didn’t they know who’s behind your back? You said you had already redeemed the account in my name and purchased that exceptional jewel. 
"It's just that those two didn't give you a chance to explain and directly took it from you, right?" 
Upon hearing Mr. Vinson's words, although Benjamin felt a bit uneasy about the first sentence, he quickly responded, “Yes.” 
In order to seek revenge from Mr. Vinson for himself, he even distorted the truth. 
In his account, he had originally possessed the jewel, and it was Harriet and Delbert who took it from him by force. 
After hearing Benjamin's response, Mr. Vinson stopped twirling the ring on his finger and leaned back in his chair, revealing an unexpectedly young and handsome face. 
"Since the exceptional jewel is in the hands of that couple, and you have had dealings with them before, you can select a few of my men to deal with them. I want to see results within a week." 
Upon hearing that, Benjamin was delighted. 
Mr. Vinson’s men were all elite fighters, capable of taking on a hundred opponents, far superior to his own men. 
With Mr. Vinson’s help, he wanted to see if that couple from before could still hold their ground against them! 
"Thank you, Mr. Vinson!" Benjamin was about to hang up after achieving his goal.
But right at this moment, Mr. Vinson on the other end suddenly said, "Benjamin, do you know why I suddenly started searching extensively for jewels?" 
Benjamin didn’t expect Mr. Vinson to suddenly ask him that question and found himself momentarily at a loss for words. 
Mr. Vinson had indeed recently ordered an extensive search for precious jewels, and had instructed his men to join in the search. 
It had all happened not long ago. 
At the time, his men had been bewildered by Mr. Vinson's sudden decision. 
After all, Mr. Vinson had never shown any interest in jewelsite before, nor had he demonstrated any knowledge of it. 
After some speculation among the core members, they could only come up with one relatively reasonable conclusion. 
It was likely that their boss, Mr. Vinson, was in love, and the woman he was involved with liked jewels, so he had been purchasing jewels extravagantly for his girlfriend. 
After all, that conclusion seemed much more reasonable compared to other possibilities such as "experiencing the extravagant life of the rich," "having too much money to spend," or "looking for something to do out of boredom." 
When Mr. Vinson asked about it, Benjamin subconsciously blurted out the conclusion he and the other core members had gossiped about. 
It wasn't until he heard Mr. Vinson's sneer that he realized that he had made a big mistake.
The sneer was chilling and devoid of any warmth. 
It sent a shiver down Benjamin's spine, and he knew that he had revealed too much information. 
Having followed Mr. Vinson for quite some time, he knew his temperament. 
He had never seen anyone who angered Mr. Vinson and lived to tell the tale! 
Fortunately, Mr. Vinson didn't pay too much attention to what had just happened and continued, "According to a reliable source, there will be a national jewels appreciation conference in the near future. 
“My superior has instructed me to pay more attention to any good jewels recently. As long as you can bring back that exceptional jewel, I’ll reward you generously." 
After saying that, Mr. Vinson hung up the phone directly, leaving Benjamin staring in shock, his face filled with amazement. 
What? 
How come he never heard about another boss behind Mr. Vinson? 
Moreover, from Mr. Vinson's tone, it seemed like he held that person in high regard. 
When informing him of this matter, Mr. Vinson didn't even dare to mention that person's name. 
The mysterious figure behind a prominent figure like Mr. Vinson was probably a person standing at the pinnacle of Imperium and even the entire world. 
The thought of having to find jewels for such a prominent figure left Benjamin both thrilled and apprehensive—excited at being favored and fearful of the consequences of his plan failing and offending that influential figure.
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646
It couldn’t be easier for such a figure of high stature to ruin him! 
With that in mind, Benjamin didn’t dare to delay. 
He quickly turned around and briefly explained the situation to his subordinates behind him. 
Meanwhile, after Harriet and Delbert left the gems trading center, the shocked onlookers had long since departed, preparing the money needed to purchase gem stones for the next time Harriet visited the gems trading center. 
Lewis promptly found his immediate superior, informed him of the situation, and obtained Alan's phone number. 
As soon as Alan answered his call, Lewis couldn't wait to say, "Mr. Alan, Harriet just visited our gems trading center!" 
Without hesitation, Lewis directly recounted every detail of Harriet's experience at the gems trading center to Alan. 
At thismoment, Alan on the other end of the phone was still at Levi's villa, arguing with his other brothers about which brother Harriet preferred. 
Just as they were getting into it, he suddenly received a call from one of his employees. 
What? 
His beloved sister went to his gems trading center and was bullied by the security guards and Lily, but then turned the tables and left? 
What?
His beloved sister had produced over a dozen exquisite jewels in a single day, each one capable of astonishing the entire jewel industry when presented individually! 
Moreover, the piece of jewel that Yvonne finally produced could even spark a frenzy in the entire jewel industry! 
After all, even he had only seen a small piece of top-quality jewel in an ancient family with a history of thousands of years. 
According to Lewis' description, the jewel in Yvonne's possession was even better in quality than that of the ancient family. 
He had originally planned to search for gem stones and bring Yvonne to the upcoming jewels 
exhibition event to see if she was interested in jewels and if she wanted to inherit his legacy. 
But now, if this news got out, not to mention inheriting the legacy, whether he could maintain his position as the top figure in the jewel industry was uncertain! 
To his astonishement, Harriet was better than him! 
He, who was once at the forefront, had been surpassed so quickly by Yvonne, who came after him? 
The look of shock on Alan's face didn’t last long. 
After the shock in his heart subsided, a strong sense of unease instantly struck him. 
Alan's expression turned serious, and he stood up abruptly. 
"I remember that there are always many people at the gems trading center. Yvonne producing exquisite gem stones and consecutively producing over a dozen is significant! Have you sent people to protect her? What if someone targets her..."
Upon hearing Alan's words, Lewis, who initially thought the situation wasn’t serious, also became nervous. 
Lewis' voice became somewhat stuttered due to nervousness as he said, "Mr. Alan, I thought that with our rule at the gems trading center to protect customers, coupled with Miss Harriet's public identity as your sister, no one would dare harm Miss Harriet, so I didn't send anyone to protect her..." 
Lewis's voice grew quieter. 
After he finished speaking, there was a moment of silence. 
Even over the phone, he could feel the pressure emanating from Alan on the other end of the line. 
This standoff couldn't continue. 
Lewis gritted his teeth as if making a determined decision and said, "Mr. Alan, I’ll go find Miss Harriet now. 
“If anything bad happens to Miss Harriet, I’m willing to take full responsibility even at the cost of my life!" 
...
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647
Harriet and Delbert finally returned to their villa. 
At nightfall, in the villa. 
After dinner, Harriet sat at her desk holding the pile of precious gem stones she had just bought. 
Looking at these dozen or so valuable gem stones in front of her, Harriet held a carving knife but hesitated on how to start. 
She had already decided on the way to give each of her eight brothers a carved jewel pendant. 
She had even recalled all the carving knowledge she recently learned from Alan's grandfather on her way here. 
But when it came time to start, she felt lost. 
After several unsuccessful attempts, Harriet scratched her head in frustration, looking utterly defeated. 
If she couldn't even carve jewel pendants for her eight brothers properly, how could she later carve that piece of blood jewel well and present it to Delbert? 
Just then, Harriet heard the study door suddenly being pushed open. 
Before she could turn around, a man approached her from behind and leaned down slightly beside her. 
The hoarse and deep voice almost made Harriet unable to resist. 
"Can't figure out where to start?"
Upon hearing Delbert's question, Harriet instinctively nodded. 
She heard a light chuckle from the man behind her. 
Before Harriet could react, Delbert walked over to her, stretched out his long arm, and directly lifted Harriet from the chair. 
Without giving Harriet a chance to struggle, he sat down while holding her. 
Harriet sat right on his lap! 
She was stunned at first, but then a faint blush appeared uncontrollably on her fair cheeks. 
Wasn't this posture too embarrassing? 
At this moment, she almost wished she could dig a hole and bury herself in it! 
Unable to escape while being held by the man, she could barely move. 
Harriet had no choice but to shrink into the only place she could hide - Delbert's arms. 
Delbert had clearly planned his sudden visit to her room. 
She hoped that Delbert would come to the rescue and help her figure out what to do with these gem stones. 
But now it seemed that Delbert wasn’t here to help at all. 
He was clearly like a hungry wolf returning to steal a bite! 
Delbert looked at the shy woman in his arms with indulgence, and a hint of desire crept into his deep-set eyes.
He gently held Harriet's hands, rested his chin on her shoulder, and almost whispered in a low voice near her ear, "Harriet, my dear, would you like me to teach you how to carve jewel pendants?" 
The man's already deep and hoarse voice, combined with this whisper, increased the charm several times over. 
It was incredibly seductive and irresistibly alluring. 
Harriet became even more shy and without a word, she burrowed deeper into Delbert's embrace. 
In this situation, how could she refuse? 
Being held by this satyr of hers was simply a deliberate provocation! 
With Delbert's suggestive help, Harriet miraculously carved eight jewel pendants overnight. 
However, by the time all the carvings were done, it was already 8 am the next day. 
Just as Delbert suggested giving all these jewel pendants to the eight brothers, Harriet refused. 
She insisted that the carved jewel pendants needed further polishing. 
So it wasn't until the following weekend that Harriet arranged to meet Delbert and a few brothers at Levi's house. 
On that day, as soon as Harriet entered the villa, she was surrounded by the eight brothers.
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648
Among the eight brothers, except for Alan, the other Bass brothers, including the usually cold and indifferent Levi, all looked curious and puzzled, wondering why Harriet had suddenly called them together. 
"Yvonne, did you call us together for something? Did someone bully you again? We’ll help you seek revenge!" 
Henry, the doting brother, was the first to speak. 
Alan's gaze towards Harriet was unexpectedly deep, his expression inscrutable but showing a hint of curiosity similar to the rest of his brothers'. 
"Yes, Yvonne, please tell us." 
Harriet sat with Delbert in the center of the eight brothers, smiled mysteriously, then took a bag containing jewel pendants from Delbert's hands. 
Skipping the pleasantries, she took out nine pieces of jewel pendants carved from precious gem stones from the bag. 
The carvings were no less exquisite than those of top-notch master carvers. 
Seeing the surprised expressions on all eight brothers' faces, Harriet proudly handed each of them one of the jewel pendants. 
"Brothers, from purchasing the gem stones to the final carving and polishing, Delbert and I personally completed all of these." 
At this point, Harriet's expression suddenly became very serious.
"Since I arrived at Imperium, you’ve always taken care of me. Recently at the family banquet, you gave me the most precious gift. 
"After receiving a precious gift, I also want to give you something in return. Although I know that no matter how valuable the gift is, it cannot repay your help and care for me at Imperium." 
She raised her head slowly, her voice slightly choked with emotion. 
Seeing their beloved sister suddenly in tears, the Bass brothers felt a pang in their hearts. 
"Yvonne, don't cry. You're our sister. It's our duty to protect you!" 
"Yes, we’re even willing to protect you for a lifetime!" 
Seeing that, Justin and Oliver quickly comforted Harriet, followed by the others. 
Even Levi, who usually didn't say much, was somewhat at a loss this time. 
As they tried to console her, Harriet's tears continued to fall uncontrollably. 
As a result, the brothers became flustered and scrambled to comfort her. 
Watching from the side, Delbert sighed resignedly because he knew that Harriet was crying out of joy and would soon be comforted. 
This situation allowed the Bass brothers to experience what it felt like to be at a loss when faced with Harriet's tears. 
"Harriet, dear, please don't cry." 
Delbert gently rubbed Harriet's head with tenderness in his eyes.
Finally, it was Arthur who spoke up and gradually calmed down the chaotic scene. 
Clutching tightly onto the jewel pendant in his hand, Arthur looked different from his usual aloofness. 
He said earnestly, "Yvonne, you’re our only and unique sister, our only family. Our help and care are what you deserve. And I owe you an apology. I failed to protect you properly when you were young in Agral City." 
Harriet was stunned. 
Although she had learned from her brothers that she was born in Agral City and grew up there, she couldn't remember anything about her childhood. 
Why would her brothers say they didn't protect her well in Agral City? 
What exactly happened back then in Agral City?
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649
Harriet was about to ask, but Arthur changed the subject abruptly with happiness, "However, with us brothers here, you’ll never be bullied in Imperium again!" 
With that, Arthur turned on the television. 
A news report happened to be airing. 
The content included: the company managed by Wendell collapsed overnight, and Wendell was imprisoned! 
Garry's plot against Harriet was exposed, and he was also imprisoned! 
Furthermore, the shareholders of the Lynch Group underwent a major reshuffle overnight, with all shareholders within it now under Arthur and Levi's control. 
As for Liam and Lily, without the Lynch Group, their future seemed even bleaker than that of Garry and Wendell in prison! 
Was it an overnight upheaval in the business world? 
Harriet's beautiful eyes were full of shock. 
She had thought her brothers were unaware of the conflicts between her and these four people, and even if they knew, they wouldn't bother to intervene. 
But to her surprise, her brothers had already seized crucial evidence while she wasn't paying attention and had sent the despicable scoundrels Garry and Wendell to prison. 
During the time, they had also gradually acquired shares of Liam's company through their subordinates.
Harriet looked at Arthur, incredulous, "Arthur, did you do all of these things?" 
"Of course!" Arthur lightly smiled and changed the subject again, "By the way, Yvonne, when are you going to have a child with Delbert so we can cuddle our little nephew or niece?" 
With Arthur's words, the other Bass brothers immediately expressed their agreement and turned their gaze towards Harriet. 
"Yes, Yvonne, we can't wait to give your child gifts." 
"Yvonne's child will surely be as lovely as her. It would be even better if it's a girl." 
Each of the Bass brothers began teasing Harriet with a sentence each. 
Seeing Harriet still looking shy, Delbert couldn't help but caress her head again with a smile, "Harriet, what do you think?" 
The next moment, as if realizing something, Harriet reached into her seemingly empty bag and pulled out a jewel pendant carved from the best jewel she got. 
This jewel pendant was different from the others, with intricate patterns and a high level of complexity. 
Under Delbert's puzzled gaze, Harriet beamed and handed the jewel pendant to him. 
"Delbert, this’s specially carved for you by me. Surprised?" 
She had long prepared to secretly carve a jewel pendant for Delbert. 
After all, when she proposed to give hand-carved jewel pendants to her eight brothers as gifts, she couldn't miss the envy that flickered in Delbert's eyes.
Her man must be pampered! 
Harriet decisively decided to use the best jewel to carve a jewel pendant for Delbert. 
Carving a jewel pendant with a different meaning from those given to her brothers. 
When the Bass brothers saw the unique jewel pendant in Harriet's hand, it was now their turn to feel jealous. 
Just as Harriet was about to say something, Delbert suddenly sealed her soft lips with his own. 
After about a dozen minutes, under the shocked gazes of the eight Bass brothers, Delbert held Harriet and said, "A year from now, I promise you’ll have a nephew or a niece!" 
... 
The Lynch family disappeared. Wendell and Garry were all imprisoned. 
The tense relationship among the Bass brothers gradually became peaceful. 
With Delbert's help, Harriet managed the company in an orderly manner.
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650
During leisure time, apart from being close to Delbert, Harriet learned about the knowledge in various fields of her eight brothers and tried to inherit their legacy. 
One day, everyone gathered at Delbert's rented private villa in Imperium. 
Delbert himself was cooking. 
They were having a great time when suddenly a cell phone rang and broke the peaceful atmosphere. 
As everyone looked towards the sound, Levi picked up the phone placed on the table and answered it. 
"Hello, Mr. Levi, this’s Imperium City Hospital." 
Upon hearing that, everyone fell silent. 
"What's the matter?" Levi asked coldly. 
On the other end, it was said, "Mr. Levi, Ms. Miriam has fully regained consciousness and wants to see you. Please come over quickly." 
Upon hearing that, Levi quickly responded and then looked around at everyone with a joyful expression. 
"It's a call from the hospital, saying that our godmother has woken up." 
"Really? Godmother has really woken up?" 
The Bass brothers were overjoyed.
"Yes, godmother has fully regained her senses and wants to see us. The doctor asked us to come quickly." 
After Levi finished speaking, he looked at Harriet sitting beside him, who was now in utter astonishment. 
She couldn’t believe her ears! 
It was wonderful! 
Her mother had finally fully regained consciousness, and they could finally have a conversation. 
With that thought, a mist of tears welled up in Harriet's eyes. 
"It's good that she woke up. Let's go quickly." 
With joy in their hearts, they didn't even bother to eat and hurriedly grabbed their clothes to leave. 
In the blink of an eye, they arrived at the hospital. 
Harriet walked to the front. 
With trembling hands, she pushed open the door of the ward, then saw the woman lying on the hospital bed, who had been there for a long time, now sitting up with a bit of liveliness. 
Before Harriet could call out, the woman seemed to sense something, slowly turned her head, and met the gaze of everyone. 
Immediately, she burst into tears, "Harriet, is it you!" 
At first glance, she recognized her daughter.
It was Harriet! 
"Mom!" 
As soon as Harriet opened her mouth, she almost broke down. 
The two immediately embraced each other, crying tears of joy. 
"Harriet, who are they..." 
Miriam hesitated a bit. 
The people in front of her looked somewhat familiar but also somewhat unfamiliar, as if memories were buried under dust and couldn't be recalled no matter how hard she tried. 
Harriet was taken aback and was about to explain when the Bass brothers proactively stepped forward and introduced themselves one by one. 
After listening, Miriam pondered for a moment and then remembered something. 
Her eyes welled up with tears again. 
"Great, if you all are doing well, I can be at ease too." 
Miriam was relieved. She never expected that the eight adopted sons she raised in Agral City had become top talents in various industries and had found Harriet. 
She wiped away the tears from the corners of her eyes with joy. 
"By the way, mom, can you tell me what really happened after you faked your death and returned to Imperium all those years ago?"
Harriet quickly asked what was on her mind. 
Miriam was momentarily surprised and then lowered her gaze, seemingly contemplating something. 
Thinking her mother was deeply troubled and unwilling to speak, Harriet was about to change the subject. 
However, after a struggle, Miriam finally spoke up. 
"It was... it was your childhood friend, Sadie, who caused me to end up like this!"
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651
Although Harriet and the Bass brothers already knew that Sadie was the one who harmed Miriam, hearing it directly from Miriam still made them extremely angry. 
After a pause, Miriam continued, "After I faked my death and escaped from your father, Clifton, I returned to Imperium. I had planned to ask your grandfather to save you, but I saw your good friend holding your token and becoming the daughter of the Bass family. 
"When she saw me return, feeling guilty, she took advantage of the lack of people around and pushed me down the stairs. It resulted in me lying here unconscious..." 
As Miriam told the story, tears streamed down her face. 
When she mentioned the name of her enemy, her tone noticeably intensified. 
Then, her eyes momentarily lost focus, as if a scene flashed through her mind. 
She recalled the reason she had left in the first place—her husband's infidelity. 
She gave birth to Harriet in Agral City, hoping for a peaceful life. 
Unexpectedly, Clifton's company faced a sudden crisis. 
He came to Agral City to find her for money. 
She refused because she was struggling as a single mother and had financial pressures everywhere. 
Moreover, she felt that he deserved his financial troubles. She naturally rejected his demands. 
To her astonishment, he heartlessly kidnapped his own daughter and took her to Meawood City.
Upon learning that, she hurriedly followed but didn't expect him to have murderous intentions towards her. 
If she hadn't reacted quickly, she might have ended up dead. 
"And your father, Clifton, that heartless man..." 
At this point, Miriam couldn't continue. She didn't want to tell Harriet about the cruel truth. 
Harriet held Miriam's hand tenderly, "Mom, it's all my fault." 
"Silly girl, how could this be your fault? Besides, I'm fine now, right? Before I lost consciousness, I was worried about you living alone. But seeing your brothers find you, I’m relieved." 
Miriam sighed deeply but suddenly remembered something. 
Her eyes widened, and she asked anxiously, "How is your father now? Is he still causing trouble for you?" 
Before Harriet could answer, Miriam hurriedly checked her up and down. 
"Mom, don't worry, I'm fine." 
Harriet reassured her promptly. 
"I've dealt with father. He’s now repenting in prison. He did wrong and deserves punishment." 
Surprised by this information, Miriam asked, "Really?" 
But she didn't sympathize with Clifton. He deserved what he got.
"Ms. Miriam, it's all true. Don't worry, the person who hurt you won't escape punishment, just like the one who hurt Yvonne!" 
"Clifton has been taken care of. It's Sadie's turn next!" 
Arthur gritted his teeth, a hint of ruthlessness flashing in his eyes. 
As the leader of the world's top assassination organization, dealing with such people was like second nature to him. 
"But thinking about it now, Clifton got off too easily," Lucas stood by feeling somewhat displeased. 
If he hadn't arrived a step late, he would have imprisoned that man and given him a good beating. 
After all, he was a famous doctor in Imperium. 
As long as a person had a breath left, he could keep them alive. Not giving Clifton a taste of suffering was truly hard to dispel his hatred.
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652
At this moment, the expressions on the faces of the Bass brothers varied, but most of them were filled with determination against those few individuals. 
"Don't worry, Ms. Miriam. Leave this matter to us. You can stay here for a full recovery. Once you're better, we'll move away from this place of trouble." 
"Everything that belongs to Yvonne will be reclaimed by us!" 
Upon hearing that, Miriam had a faint smile on her pale face. She was relieved and delighted. 
She didn’t expect her adopted sons to be so outstanding. Seeing them united filled her with joy. 
She was about to say something more when her mouth opened but her eyes suddenly noticed a man standing silently in the corner. 
She squinted her eyes to make out his features and exclaimed in surprise, "You... Aren't you the little boy who lived next door to us when you were young?" 
The woman's son hadn't changed at all. Even as an adult, he still wore that indifferent expression. 
Fearful of being mistaken, Miriam looked at him closely for a moment. 
"Yes, Ms. Miriam. It's me." 
Delbert stepped out from the corner and nodded towards Miriam. 
Harriet was puzzled by this revelation. 
Delbert had grown up in Agral City and lived next door? 
When did that happen?
Why didn't she remember anything? 
Although she was curious, Harriet conscientiously introduced Delbert to Miriam. 
"Mom, he’s Delbert, my husband now." 
"Delbert? Yes, Delbert, the Carlson family's eldest son. I know him." 
Seeing Harriet nodding, Miriam smiled, "I didn't expect this. What a twist of fate!" 
"Harriet, when you were young, you always said you wanted to marry Delbert. It's amazing that you finally got your wish. Isn't this destiny?" 
As Miriam said, she pointed at Harriet's nose with her finger. 
Seeing Harriet looking bewildered, she couldn't help but laugh, "How could you forget all that?" 
Seeing that her mother wasn't joking, Harriet furrowed her brows and turned to look at Delbert. 
After scrutinizing his face for a while, she still couldn't recall anything from her childhood. 
She felt puzzled, wondering why she couldn't remember anything. 
At this moment, Miriam hadn't noticed anything unusual and thought Harriet had simply forgotten. 
"Mom, what's going on? Why can't I remember anything?" 
Harriet rubbed her head. The blankness in her mind made her feel a moment of panic. 
Once Miriam heard that, her smile froze on her face. 
She remembered how Harriet witnessed Clifton killing her, which caused severe mental trauma.
Later, she and another person conspired to seal Harriet's memory, leading to her amnesia. 
Thankfully, this was the case. Otherwise, Harriet might not be able to grow up safely. 
Seeing Miriam's unusual reaction, Harriet quickly grabbed her hand to inquire further about the reason. 
Before she could say anything, Miriam opened her mouth first, "Harriet, you were little back then, so it's normal to forget. But it's okay. I remember everything for you. Didn't I just tell you? As long as I remember it, it's fine." 
After hearing that, Harriet pursed her lips and didn't continue questioning. 
She could sense from her mother's tone that she didn't want to reveal the truth. 
She glanced at her brothers and Delbert, who all remained silent but had a serious expression. 
It was evident that they were all aware of the situation. Only she was kept in the dark. 
Feeling helpless, she could only sigh inwardly.
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653
Seeing Harriet's disappointment, the Bass brothers and Delbert felt a pang in their hearts. 
Their mouths remained slightly open for a while before closing again. 
It would be best not to let Harriet know about what happened in the past. 
After all, it was something no one could bear. 
Miriam reached out and ruffled Harriet's hair, "Silly girl, there's really nothing wrong. You were young at that time. Forgetting things is quite normal." 
Upon hearing that, Harriet let go of many doubts in her heart and smiled lightly. 
"Alright, mom, I understand." 
Then everyone gathered around the hospital bed, exchanging heartwarming words that made Miriam laugh joyfully. 
"Alright, alright, all of you are so sweet and good kids!" 
Miriam smiled at everyone and then patted Harriet's hand. 
After a sigh, she said, "I'm fine now. It's getting late. You should all go back. I need some rest too. I just woke up, and my body still feels uncomfortable. Maybe a good night's sleep will help." 
Upon hearing that, everyone noticed that the sky outside was gradually darkening. 
However, Harriet felt uneasy, "Mom, I'll stay here with you tonight. You'll be lonely here by yourself." 
"Yes, Ms. Miriam, since we have nothing to do, we might as well stay."
The Bass brothers chimed in. 
"Nonsense! This ward is so small. Where will all of you sleep? On the floor?" 
Miriam thought this would deter them, but unexpectedly... 
"Indeed, this place is a bit small. Let's switch to a deluxe ward." 
The room Miriam was in was a VIP single ward. 
For a patient, it was spacious with ample room to move around. 
However, with ten additional people crowding in, it felt a bit cramped. 
When one suggested it, the others all agreed. 
They were all influential figures in various fields with a net worth in the billions. 
Changing the ward wasn’t a problem at all. 
"Change the ward? Let's just change the hospital," Lucas scanned around and was somewhat dissatisfied with this hospital. 
As the top doctor of Imperium, he wouldn't set foot in a medium-sized hospital like this. 
If Miriam's condition hadn't been severe, preventing multiple transfers, he would have taken her to the most advanced hospital in Imperium for treatment long ago. 
Perhaps if he had treated her earlier, things wouldn't have dragged on until now, which gave those troublemakers a few more days to cause chaos. 
"You guys..." Miriam was at a loss for words, looking at them with a resigned look.
After some persuasion, she finally managed to send them away. 
However, before she could even close her eyes, Harriet returned from home. 
Initially, Harriet had already gone home with Delbert, but lying in bed, unable to sleep due to the blankness in her mind, she grew increasingly restless. 
Finally, unable to bear it, she glanced at Delbert sleeping beside her. 
She gently touched his handsome face and then got up from the bed, intending to go to the hospital to inquire about her mother's truth. 
As she made her move, Delbert suddenly opened his eyes. 
As he stared in the direction she had left in the darkness, his expression was clouded with concern. 
"Harriet, do you really need to know the truth? 
"It might not be a good thing for you." 
Following her, he also got up, but Harriet was unaware of it. 
Quietly entering the hospital, she found Miriam awake so she walked in directly.
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654
"Mom... please, just tell me the truth about what happened back then. I know you've been hiding something from me." 
"Harriet, you..." Miriam was taken aback. 
She was about to offer some excuses but saw her daughter frowning with an urgent expression. 
"Mom, please tell me. These are my memories after all. Losing them feels terrible. I have the right to know the truth, don't I?" 
After hearing that, Miriam was somewhat hesitant. 
She really didn't want Harriet to suffer another blow, but... 
Harriet was right. She had the right to know the truth. 
Miriam sighed, and the tight grip of her teeth eventually loosened. 
"You should have the silver needles I gave you. Take them out." 
Harriet breathed a sigh of relief and quickly pulled out a few short but delicate silver needles from her belt. 
"One is enough. Extend your hand." 
Miriam then used the silver needle to help Harriet unlock her memories. 
As the memories flooded back, it felt like a dam bursting open, crashing fiercely onto the ground. 
The impact caused Harriet to furrow her brow immediately.
Her face contorted in pain as she tried to alleviate it by massaging her temples, but the pain only intensified. 
The flood of memories was overwhelming. She couldn't bear the sudden rush of restored memories. 
Her body trembled uncontrollably. 
She gradually recalled her childhood meeting with Delbert and the scene of Clifton stabbing her mother before her very eyes. 
The jumble of memories caused unbearable pain and anguish for her. 
"Harriet, are you alright?" 
Miriam was extremely anxious seeing her struggle to recover. She couldn't help but feel uneasy. 
But at this moment, Harriet couldn't hear anything. 
Scenes from the past flashed through her mind like a movie reel. 
Her head throbbed unbearably. 
These memories were like knives piercing her heart one after another. 
The pain of recollection outweighed the headache. 
She couldn't accept that she had witnessed her father stabbing her mother in front of her eyes. 
Although her mother didn't die, she couldn't come to terms with it. 
She couldn't bear seeing everything happen before her eyes and feeling powerless to stop it. 
"Mom, I'm sorry. I need some air."
Harriet rushed out of the ward without any obstruction, tears falling like broken beads. 
This was still a hospital. Although she was heartbroken, she maintained composure. 
She wiped away her tears, left her mother's room, turned away, then saw Delbert standing in the corridor. 
"Harriet, what's wrong?" 
Delbert smiled slightly at her but seeing her tear-streaked face, his eyes filled with concern. 
He opened his arms towards her. 
Harriet instinctively threw herself into them. 
As she caught a whiff of his familiar scent, tears flowed uncontrollably. 
"Delbert, tell me why that happened? And I forgot everything. I'm such a fool!" 
The woman in his arms trembled continuously, breaking into tears without reservation. 
Delbert knew what had happened and furrowed his brows. 
He felt deeply sorry for Harriet's suffering but couldn't share it with her. 
He gently patted her back to soothe her emotions. 
"Harriet, it's okay. I'm here for you!"
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655
Harriet cried as she said, "Delbert, do you know? I actually saw my father kill my mother in front of me. I witnessed such a scene... 
"But I couldn't do anything. My mother's despairing eyes are still fresh in my memory, but I couldn't do anything..." 
Harriet's voice trembled with each word, evoking deep sympathy. 
Delbert clenched his teeth, understanding Harriet's sense of helplessness. 
He had experienced a similar feeling when his brother was swept away by the river in front of him, and he couldn't save him. 
The pain of being unable to act in such situations was something he understood all too well. 
However, with many years having passed since then, he was unsure how to comfort Harriet in this moment. 
Perhaps what mattered most now was for Harriet to realize that she was never alone, and she could always confide in him. 
As long as Harriet was willing, he would always be there to listen to her. 
Harriet tightly held onto Delbert's clothes, crying in his arms for quite some time before gradually calming her emotions. 
The hospital wasn't the place for words. 
Delbert gently wiped away her tears and then led her to the rooftop.
Taking a deep breath, Harriet adjusted her disheveled hair affected by the wind, her voice sounding particularly weary. 
"I never thought that such a significant event could slip my mind after all these years. After losing my memory, it's as if nothing ever happened. 
"I shouldn't have forgotten all these things. Clifton's grave mistakes shouldn’t have been overlooked." 
In just a few words, it was evident how much regret Harriet felt. 
However, everything had already passed, and it was beyond her power to change it. 
She was just a victim in this matter. 
Delbert softly reassured, "Harriet, it's not your fault. 
"You were young back then. Life doesn't always go as planned. You did your best." 
After these words, Delbert reached out and gently ruffled Harriet's hair before pulling her into his embrace, continuing to console her. 
"Now your mother is fine. She wouldn't want you to suffer like this. I'll be by your side on the road ahead. Your tears pain me." 
With these words, Delbert lowered his head and lightly kissed away the tear tracks on Harriet's face. 
Harriet's eyelashes fluttered slightly. 
She warmth in her heart as she leaned closer into Delbert's embrace.
Meanwhile, Miriam was worried about Harriet's unstable emotions and feared she might do something foolish. 
She followed them all the way to the rooftop and. 
Upon opening the door, she discovered Harriet being comforted by Delbert. 
Seeing the tender scene between the two of them, Miriam couldn't help but smile faintly. 
The heavy burden in her heart finally lifted at this moment. 
The scars of the past had healed. 
With someone like Delbert willing to accompany Harriet now, it was a good ending. 
She could finally rest assured. 
Thinking that, Miriam smiled and decided not to disturb the two of them. 
She quietly turned around and left. 
"Harriet, don't be sad. I heard some jokes recently. Let me tell you." 
Suddenly, Delbert spoke up. 
Harriet looked up. 
She had never heard Delbert tell jokes before. 
Moreover, Delbert wasn’t known for his humor in others' eyes. 
Curious, she nodded.
Expecting to hear some funny anecdotes from Delbert, she was instead surprised by the dark humor that came out of his mouth. 
Awkwardly describing them, Delbert seemed a bit embarrassed after finishing. 
Seeing him like this, Harriet couldn't help but smile.
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656
"Delbert, you goof." 
At her words, Delbert's eyes lit up instantly. 
He had finally managed to make his beloved laugh. 
The two of them remained quietly nestled together for a while. 
After some time passed, Harriet suddenly remembered something and asked, "Delbert, why have we been married for so long, yet you've never told me that I'm Yvonne? 
"Do you know that I haven't been able to sleep well because of this name?" 
With these words, Delbert became intrigued. 
He glanced down at Harriet in his arms and suddenly felt curious about what she had been thinking at that time. 
"Then tell me the reason. I'm quite curious. Why couldn't you sleep well because of this?" 
Delbert knowingly asked, just teasing Harriet. 
Blushing slightly, Harriet appeared somewhat embarrassed. 
Delbert's lips curled into a mischievous smile. 
He wanted Harriet to willingly reveal it herself. 
"You clearly know the reason. Why are you asking me?"
"I don't know everything, Harriet. I'm not as clever as you. If you don't tell me, how could I figure it out?" 
Delbert continued to playfully prod her. 
Harriet was somewhat annoyed, but she found herself unable to be angry with the man in front of her. 
Pinching the man's waist, Harriet pouted slightly and complained, "I used to think that Yvonne was your first love you could never forget, but now I realize that Yvonne is actually me. 
“It's a bit embarrassing. It seems like you deliberately want to see me jealous. 
"You've been keeping this secret until now. Humph! You did that on purpose, Delbert!" 
Seeing Harriet's adorable expression, Delbert couldn't help but shake his head. 
His concealment was only to prevent Harriet from recalling those sad memories. 
But now that everything was out in the open, there was no need for him to hide anything anymore. 
"Why are you silent? Could it be that you're really doing this on purpose, intentionally trying to make me jealous?" 
Harriet propped herself up, her eyes showing some reluctance. 
She crossed her arms in front of her chest, giving off a hint of a scolding tone. 
Delbert saw her like this and pinched her cheek. 
Then, he lifted Harriet sideways and planted a gentle kiss on her cheek.
"Silly girl, what are you talking about? How could I bear to make my wife jealous? The vows we made at our wedding weren’t just empty words. How could you doubt that my heart belongs to someone else?" 
This teasing completely embarrassed Harriet, causing her face to flush. 
She buried her head deep into Delbert's embrace and fell silent. 
Yes, she should trust Delbert. In any case, she should trust him. 
Afterward, Delbert took Harriet back to the car and headed home. 
As they lay facing each other in bed, for some reason, they began reminiscing about their childhood. 
"How time flies. When we first met, it feels like just yesterday." 
Delbert couldn't help but sigh deeply. 
He then reached out and gently touched Harriet's cheek. 
Harriet smiled, her lips curling up slightly. 
She rubbed her cheek against Delbert's palm and joined him in reminiscing. 
"Yes, I never thought that when I was young and insisted on marrying you, my wish would come true. It seemed that destiny brought us back together. Delbert, thank you for always being willing to be by my side."
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657
Harriet and Delbert locked eyes and smiled at each other. 
"Harriet, since you say this’s a destined matter, there's no need for you to thank me. We still have a long journey ahead of us. I’ll be with you for a lifetime, accompanying you in all that you wish to do." 
Though short, that statement moved Harriet more than any grand declaration of love could have done. 
Delbert wasn’t one for eloquence, but every word he spoke stirred waves in her heart. 
His actions proved his commitment to her, showing that his love was genuine. 
Whether in the past or now, it remained unchanged. 
Harriet smiled and thought that was enough. 
Delbert turned his head and suddenly placed his hand on Harriet's lips. 
He gently caressed them for a while. 
When she least expected it, he seized the opportunity and kissed her. 
This sudden kiss didn't startle Harriet. The atmosphere was ripe for such intimacy. 
Yet in the midst of their kiss, Delbert suddenly pressed closer and pinned Harriet beneath him. 
As their breaths grew erratic, Harriet blushed slightly, her eyes already a bit hazy. 
Delbert kissed down her neck and then whispered in her ear. 
"Harriet, our plans for the future are so perfect, but we overlooked one thing.
"Our future is missing one thing—a baby." 
The mention of a baby was quite provocative. 
Harriet smiled faintly as the room filled with a romantic ambiance. 
... 
The next day, Harriet woke up with the sunlight shining on her face. 
Seeing Harriet sleeping so peacefully, Delbert smiled as he got up to freshen up but couldn't bring himself to wake her. 
Seeing that time was running out, he gently shook Harriet's shoulder and softly called out in her ear. 
"Harriet, it's time to get up." 
Harriet rubbed her groggy eyes and then reached out, hooking her arm around Delbert's neck. 
Delbert lifted Harriet into his arms and led her to the washbasin. 
Under Delbert's urging, Harriet slowly opened her eyes. 
"Don't fall asleep again. We have things to do today, Harriet. Don't forget." 
After this reminder from Delbert, Harriet suddenly remembered that she was now the general manager of Levi's company. 
If she delayed any longer, she might be late for work. 
She hurriedly washed up and changed into formal attire. 
"Why didn't you wake me up earlier? I almost overslept."
At her words, Delbert couldn't help but chuckle. 
"I saw you sleeping so peacefully. I didn't have the heart to wake you up. But it's okay. There's still plenty of time. Even if we head to the company now, we'll make it on time." 
Delbert personally drove Harriet to the company that day. 
After getting out of the car, Harriet quickly tidied herself up. 
Everything was in order as she confidently entered the company. 
Now serving as Harriet's assistant, Delbert conducted himself as a true gentleman and always had Harriet's best interests at heart. 
Upon entering the company, many people greeted Harriet with respect. 
The absence of Garry had changed how others treated Harriet with more deference. 
However, just as she stepped out of the elevator doors, the secretary brought a stack of documents over. 
"Ms. Harriet, these are the documents you need to review today. The representatives for the collaboration are already waiting in the conference room." 
Harriet nodded and opened the documents. 
It suddenly dawned on her that today was the day to sign a contract with the Bass Group represented by Sadie. 
With all the recent commotion involving Garry and Wendell, she had forgotten about Sadie's involvement.
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658
Sadie's face suddenly appeared in Harriet's mind, and she furrowed her brow, feeling a surge of hatred. 
It was Sadie, her childhood best friend who, after Harriet lost her memory, secretly took away her token and her life. 
Despite all that, Sadie remained unrepentant. 
In order to secure her position, she heartlessly pushed Harriet’s mother down the stairs, causing Harriet’s mother to remain unconscious for so many years. 
Harriet would never let her get away with it. 
Even though she didn't particularly want to see Sadie at the moment, this was a collaboration between two companies. 
Harriet couldn't make decisions unilaterally. 
Hurriedly entering the meeting room, Harriet apologized to everyone before taking her seat. 
Sadie sat in a prominent position, watching Harriet arrive late. 
She couldn't help but make a few sarcastic remarks. 
"Who do we have here? The esteemed Ms. Harriet, showing up late for a collaboration meeting is quite disrespectful, don't you think?" 
Now that the Lynch family had gone bankrupt and Lily had become a useless pawn, Sadie felt it was time for her to step forward and personally deal with Harriet. 
Harriet knew that Sadie was deliberately trying to embarrass her, but she wasn't angry.
In fact, she even smiled slightly. 
"Sorry for being late. I believe my proposal will surely satisfy you, Miss Sadie." 
Harriet had confidence in her proposal. 
Sadie snorted disdainfully. 
Although she felt dissatisfied, she restrained herself because they were at Levi's company. 
She couldn't target Harriet here and could only suppress her resentment until after the negotiations. 
In the end, the collaboration was successful. 
Regardless of how much Sadie disliked Harriet, she had to admit that Harriet's proposal was indeed excellent. 
However, as they were leaving, Sadie deliberately lingered behind to show her dominance over Harriet. 
No matter how many years had passed, she couldn't let go of Delbert in her heart. 
Even though Delbert and Harriet were now married, she didn't care. 
She didn't think there was anything she lacked compared to Harriet. 
She believed that with her abilities, she would one day win Delbert back from Harriet. 
She had taken away Harriet's life. Why couldn't she take away Harriet's man as well? 
"Darryl, long time no see. You look quite dashing today." 
Seeing Delbert and Harriet about to leave, Sadie immediately spoke up and stopped Delbert.
Her alluring smile was truly captivating. 
Sadie was the representative of the collaboration partner after all, so out of politeness, Delbert still responded. 
"Thank you. If there's nothing else, we'll be on our way." 
With that said, Delbert purposely took Harriet's hand and they turned to leave. 
However, Sadie smiled and followed them. 
"Wait a sec, Darryl." 
She deliberately stepped forward and directly linked arms with Delbert in public. 
She even casually pressed Delbert's arm against her chest. 
Delbert frowned slightly and awkwardly pulled his arm back. 
Seeing that, Harriet was mad. 
She narrowed her eyes and questioned, "Sadie, as a representative of the Bass Group, isn't it inappropriate to do such things in public?" 
Sadie smiled and replied, "So what? Harriet, others may not know, but you and I do. Delbert and I grew up together and were close. It shouldn't matter. 
"Right, Delbert? Have you forgotten what happened in Agral City back then?" 
With a playful smile, Sadie questioned Delbert. 
Delbert's face instantly darkened.
He took a few steps back from Sadie to maintain a proper distance.
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659
Delbert lowered his gaze. 
He would never allow anyone to interfere with his relationship with Harriet. 
He knew Sadie's intentions but had always only had Harriet in his heart since childhood. 
He didn't care about others' feelings and would never make Harriet uncomfortable for the sake of others. 
"Sadie, if you continue to pester us, I won't hesitate to ruin your reputation. You know me—I always say what I mean." 
Delbert's words were straightforward and clear. 
Sadie frowned and was about to say something else. 
But unexpectedly, Harriet turned Delbert's face towards her and kissed him directly in front of everyone. 
Seeing Delbert and Harriet publicly display such affectionate behavior left Sadie infuriated. 
She gritted her teeth and her pupils constricted suddenly. 
However, with so many people present, she could only try to remain calm. 
After the kiss, Harriet proudly leaned into Delbert's embrace and gave Sadie a triumphant look. 
"Excuse me, this’s my man, Miss Sadie. Please show some restraint!" 
Once Sadie heard that, her breathing suddenly accelerated.
She coldly smirked and then nodded repeatedly. 
"Fine, Harriet, I want to see how long you can remain smug. I won't let today's incident go so easily!" 
With that, Sadie waved to her male assistant beside her, who quickly followed her as they briskly entered the elevator. 
Asserting dominance? 
She wanted to see how long Harriet could hold out! 
As the elevator doors slowly closed, Sadie's expression turned cold, but a hint of satisfaction played at the corners of her mouth. 
She then reached out to her male assistant and took his phone. 
"Did you capture everything?" 
The male assistant nodded repeatedly and handed over the phone. 
Although the angle of the photos wasn't perfect, they clearly showed Delbert and Harriet kissing, with Delbert's face out of view. 
Backing up all the photos, Sadie coldly stated, "I want these photos to be on all the headlines tomorrow. You know what to do." 
The assistant nodded in response and immediately began working on the photos. 
Sitting in the car, Sadie let out a sneer. 
The most terrifying power in the world was public opinion.
Once these photos spread, regardless of whether the person in the pictures was truly Delbert or not, Harriet wouldn’t be able to shake off the accusation of infidelity. 
After all, no one in Imperium knew that Harriet's assistant was actually her husband Delbert from Meawood City. 
... 
Harriet and Delbert returned to the office. 
As soon as they entered, Harriet suddenly heard the sound of the door closing behind her. 
Before she could react, Delbert had already grabbed her wrist. 
Delbert smoothly pressed Harriet against the wall. 
Harriet blushed, looking at Delbert with a puzzled expression. 
"Delbert, what are you doing?" 
Delbert smirked and seemed to be reminiscing about their previous kiss. 
He gently traced Harriet's lips with his finger and then whispered in her ear, "Harriet, you're rarely this bold. If I don't seize this opportunity now, who knows when the next one will come." 
Listening to this teasing remark, Harriet started to feel nervous. 
She shook her head repeatedly and said, "Delbert, this’s the office. Let's talk about this at home." 
However, Delbert paid no heed. 
He was already unable to contain himself.
His eyes were filled with desire as he began to caress Harriet. 
Harriet's breathing gradually intensified, her eyes starting to cloud with desire. 
Seizing the moment, Delbert kissed her again, enveloping her in a sweet and passionate embrace.
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660
Just when their passion was escalating, they suddenly heard a knocking at the door from outside. 
It turned out that the documents had been processed, and the specific details of their collaboration needed Harriet's approval before signing. 
The secretary knocked on the door for a while, thinking that perhaps Harriet hadn't heard her. 
She knocked a few more times. 
"Ms. Harriet, I have organized the documents. I need you to review them before signing. Are you in?" 
The secretary wasn't sure if Harriet was in the office or not. 
However, as Harriet was the general manager, the secretary couldn't simply barge in. 
There was a knock on the door. 
Harriet appeared somewhat flustered. 
Feeling even more nervous inside, she flushed again. 
"Delbert, let go of me quickly. There's someone outside!" 
Harriet whispered softly as a reminder, but Delbert didn't release his grip. 
Instead, he continued his actions without paying any attention to Harriet's increasingly heavy breathing. 
After waiting outside for a while and receiving no response from Harriet, the secretary assumed that Harriet wasn't in the office and left.
With no further disturbance outside the door, Harriet tried to push Delbert away. 
However, before she could react, Delbert rested his chin on her shoulder and whispered seductively, "Don't worry, I've locked the door. Since she’s knocked on it for so long but didn’t come in, she must have left. Don't be afraid." 
By now, Harriet's face had turned crimson to her ears. 
Both of them were breathing heavily. 
It wasn't until Harriet's phone rang with a message that they snapped back to reality. 
"Alright, Delbert, let's stop fooling around now. I might really get angry." 
Although it was a questioning statement, Harriet didn't sound like she was blaming him. 
Her playful annoyance made Delbert feel even sweeter. 
He lifted Harriet onto a chair by the desk and smiled. 
"Alright, alright, I won't tease you anymore. Don't be angry, my dear." 
After releasing her, Harriet adjusted her clothes and checked herself in the mirror for any signs of disturbance from their interaction before finally letting out a long sigh of relief. 
She didn’t expect Delbert to become so bold as to flirt with her openly in the office. 
After a glance at Delbert, Harriet’s face still held a flush of excitement. 
She recalled their recent activities and felt even more overwhelmed by them. 
Seeing her adorable expression, Delbert couldn't help but lightly pinch her cheek.
"Harriet, why are you so adorable?" 
Harriet furrowed her brows slightly and sighed before playfully scolding him, "Delbert, I warn you not to do this again in the future. The secretary clearly had something important to discuss with me. 
"And what if you forget to lock the door one day and someone sees? After all, you're currently appearing as my assistant." 
Understanding Harriet's meaning, Delbert apologetically smiled but still leaned in close to Harriet and planted a gentle kiss on her cheek. 
Reflecting on their recent actions, Harriet still felt a bit shaken by them. 
She subconsciously tried to move away but was pulled into Delbert's embrace. 
"Relax. I won't tease you anymore. Harriet, please don't be mad at me." 
Pretending to be angry, Harriet turned her head away. 
Delbert brushed a strand of hair from her forehead and could feel the warmth radiating from her cheeks. 
Realizing that he may have gone too far with their playful antics earlier, Delbert crouched down and tightly held Harriet's hand with a pleading expression. 
"I know I was wrong, Harriet. Please don't be mad at me, alright?" 
...
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661
After leaving the company, Sadie immediately rushed back home. 
She looked at the photos she had backed up, her eyes filled with satisfaction. 
She had already instructed her assistant to contact the entertainment news reporters. 
With these photos in hand, she could easily frame Harriet with a scandalous reputation overnight. 
Thinking that, she inquired about the current situation from her assistant at once. 
The assistant made the call. They had already arranged for the news to be released. 
All articles were edited and ready for her review. 
"No need to show me. The more sensational, the better!" 
She instructed, "Keep it confidential. No one must know it was me." 
After these brief instructions, the call was disconnected. 
The news spread rapidly, with Sadie even hiring online influencers to stir up the controversy. 
Within an hour, photos of Harriet and Delbert had become explosive news. 
Negative public opinion quickly shifted towards Harriet, accusing her of betraying her husband and engaging in an affair with her assistant in Imperium. 
Women who had previously admired Delbert now turned against Harriet upon learning of her alleged misconduct. 
They even went to great lengths to find her residence and spread even bigger lies.
Public opinion didn't require any cost. 
A few words were enough to strip a person of their innocence. 
The scandal erupted swiftly, catching Harriet and Delbert unaware as they were immersed in their own blissful world. 
The next morning, as they opened the door to leave for work, they were met with a crowd of angry people demanding an apology from Harriet. 
"Harriet, you deceitful woman, you finally show your face! We've been waiting here for you! 
"I can't believe you're actually cohabitating with your assistant behind Mr. Delbert's back. That's really shameless!" 
The lead woman shouted, accusing Harriet of infidelity with her assistant while being married to Delbert. 
Upon hearing that, Harriet was stunned. 
Could it be that they had mistaken her for someone else? 
She had never done anything to betray Delbert. 
"Is there a misunderstanding? This’s my husband. We have a good relationship. I’ve never..." 
"Harriet, you’re a liar. The evidence is clear. How dare you lie! You were publicly intimate with your assistant in the company. There is evidence online. Do you still want to argue?" 
Before Harriet could respond, she was interrupted. 
She finally realized that she had been set up.
Recalling Sadie's harsh words from the day before, she was certain Sadie was behind it all. 
Delbert and Harriet exchanged a glance, falling into silence as people raised their phones to record. 
Some even livestreamed the confrontation, demanding Harriet apologize publicly and admit her wrongdoing. 
"If you apologize in front of everyone today, leave Delbert, and run off with your assistant, we'll let this go!" they demanded. 
"You are not worthy of Mr. Delbert! Hiding behind this facade, you‘re actually a fickle woman at heart!" 
The insults grew harsher, prompting Delbert to intervene. 
"Shut up!" he roared, protecting Harriet and leading her back inside. 
As he turned around, Delbert's gaze swept through the crowd and happened to catch a glimpse of a very familiar figure in the corner. 
The person wore a hat and sunglasses, covering up well, but couldn't escape Delbert's eyes. 
It was Sadie, the real manipulator behind the scenes of public opinion!
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662
Delbert gritted his teeth and immediately dispatched security guards to remove the troublemakers causing a scene for money. 
Unable to tolerate Sadie's continuous harassment of Harriet, Delbert was about to confront her, but suddenly he received a call from her. 
Not wanting Harriet to suffer further harm, Delbert reluctantly backed down. 
He closed himself in the study before answering her call. 
"Sadie, do you want to die? I can make it happen!" 
Delbert coldly threatened before Sadie could say anything. 
Shrugging nonchalantly, Sadie didn't directly answer his question. 
"I've booked a hotel, Delbert. I'm inviting you for dinner tonight. I'll send you the location." 
Although her invitation seemed irresistible, Delbert had no patience to entertain her and bluntly stated, "I won't give you another chance, Sadie. This time, you’ll have to make amends to Harriet." 
Knowing that Delbert wouldn't agree to meet her, Sadie held a trump card and wasn't afraid of his refusal. 
"Delbert, if you don't come, it would be a shame. I happen to have information about your brother. But it seems I can't tell you in person. Forget it then." 
Once Delbert heard the words "your brother," his pupils suddenly contracted. 
His own brother had been missing for years. How could Sadie possibly know about him?
After all these years of searching, he hadn't found his brother who had gone missing after falling into water due to his mistake. 
"Don’t you want to see your brother?" 
Since childhood, his brother had disappeared into the river because of him, and his parents had never treated him well since then. 
It had been so many years since that accident, but it still lingered like a thorn in Delbert’s heart. 
Regardless of whether Sadie was using this to deceive him or not, he had to go on this journey today. 
If his brother could really be found, he couldn't miss this opportunity. 
If his brother could be found, perhaps his mother wouldn't hate him so much anymore? 
After some hesitation, Delbert finally agreed. 
"Fine, I promise you, we'll meet later." 
"OK, I'll wait for you!" 
Sadie sneered and hung up the phone. 
Reading the popular search terms about Harriet, Sadie couldn't help but snort. 
She had lost patience by now. 
Her feelings for Delbert were no less than Harriet's, and she believed she was more than suitable for Delbert in terms of looks, background, and abilities.
But what was it about Harriet that she couldn't measure up to? 
She had given her heart to Delbert, but he never even glanced at her. 
After all these years, Delbert and Harriet had gotten married and seemed even happier. 
But how about her? 
She was always an outsider. 
She refused to continue like this. 
If she couldn't have Delbert, then Harriet shouldn't either! 
Anything Sadie didn't want, she would ruin it and wouldn't let anyone else have it. 
... 
Meanwhile, in the villa. 
Delbert embraced Harriet, kissed her forehead, and comforted her softly. 
"It's alright, Harriet. I've taken care of everything. Just rest at home and don't worry, alright?" 
Harriet nodded and sighed deeply. 
"Delbert, I'm feeling tired. Can you take me upstairs to rest?" 
Delbert gently carried Harriet up and laid her on the bed, then covered her with a blanket. 
He stayed by her side until he heard her breathing evenly, then quietly closed the door and immediately rushed out to meet Sadie.
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663
Driving away quickly, Delbert furrowed his brows deeply. 
He was consumed with thoughts about his missing brother and pondered numerous possibilities. 
But what intrigued him the most was why Sadie knew the whereabouts of his long-lost brother. 
He had to clarify the cause and effect of the situation today. 
If she dared to deceive him? 
He would never let her get away with it! 
With that thought in mind, he stepped on the gas pedal, increasing the speed of his car. 
However, at a corner ahead, several black cars suddenly appeared and headed straight towards Delbert. 
With quick reflexes, Delbert managed to avoid a collision by turning the direction of his car in time. 
Initially thinking the other party was drunk, upon closer observation, Delbert realized they were clearly after him. 
When the plan foiled, the black cars restarted and aggressively approached Delbert's car. 
Realizing the danger, Delbert immediately accelerated and tried to escape. 
Despite his efforts, the cars behind him kept chasing relentlessly. 
Delbert had no choice but to accelerate even more. 
Soon enough, they surrounded Delbert's car from all sides.
Facing the imminent danger, Delbert was about to accelerate again, but a car beside him suddenly collided with his. 
Delbert's own car was speeding on the highway. 
Now, with such an impact, it was difficult to adjust the direction for a moment, and it crashed through the fence. 
With a loud "bang"! 
The car instantly fell into the sea, disappearing in an instant. 
Those black sedans quickly left the scene once their goal was achieved. 
... 
The next morning, Harriet woke up but couldn't find Delbert anywhere. 
“Delbert!” 
Panicked, she searched the house but found no trace of him. 
She called but no one answered. 
Remembering Delbert's troubled expression from the day before, Harriet realized something was wrong. 
Just then, there was a frantic knock on the door, and she opened it to find Ben standing there. 
Ben, out of breath, leaned against the door and said anxiously, "Miss Harriet, something's wrong. Mr. Delbert has gone missing since yesterday and there's been no news."
Upon hearing Ben's words, Harriet immediately froze, her pupils shrinking abruptly. 
Her body staggered back a few steps. 
"What happened?" 
How could Delbert suddenly disappear out of the blue? 
Ben quickly took out his phone and showed Harriet the text message Delbert had sent him last night. 
Delbert specifically instructed Ben to take good care of Harriet. 
Harriet suddenly came to her senses. 
Something must have happened yesterday, so after Delbert had comforted her to sleep, he immediately left the villa. 
The two of them took turns calling, but no one could reach Delbert. 
Harriet was extremely anxious and could only let Ben take her to Levi’s villa. 
Now only Levi could help her find Delbert. 
Seeing her sister in such a hurry, Levi asked at once, "Yvonne, what's wrong?" 
After calming her emotions, he inquired about the situation. 
It turned out that Delbert had gone missing. 
This wasn’t like the man they knew. 
After listening, Levi patted Harriet's shoulder and immediately reassured her.
"Don't worry, Yvonne, I’ll send people out to find Delbert. Don't be too anxious. He’ll definitely be fine. That brat is always very lucky."
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664
Even though Delbert was several years older than him, Levi felt uncomfortable looking at that face that bore some resemblance to his own. 
That was why he always referred to him as "that brat." 
But now that Delbert was missing, it was unsettling for Yvonne, so he had to help find him. 
"Thank you, Levi. I appreciate your help in finding Delbert." 
Harriet nodded anxiously, sitting on the sofa looking extremely uneasy. 
Levi immediately took out his phone and called his other brothers, instructing them to use their connections and resources to search for Delbert. 
Even if they had to turn the whole city upside down, they must find Delbert. 
Since it wasn’t yet time to file a missing person report, Harriet had to accompany Levi to utilize their resources in the search for Delbert. 
During the search, Harriet's heart beat faster and faster. 
Without news of Delbert, every moment felt like an eternity. 
In the afternoon, Arthur finally had some news. 
He hurriedly came to the villa and told Harriet, "Yvonne, there's news about Delbert. Last night, he was seen on a secluded road near the sea in Imperium. 
“The road is rarely used as a new road has been constructed. There are no surveillance cameras." 
This news shocked Harriet.
She feared that it might be a trap set up by someone to harm Delbert. 
"Arthur, I need to go there and have a look!" 
Harriet stood up immediately. 
She couldn't wait any longer and had to go to that road right away. 
Upon receiving the message sent by Arthur, Harriet's other brothers gathered as well. 
They accompanied Harriet to the road without surveillance where they saw the fence destroyed by a car collision. 
Harriet covered her mouth in shock and couldn't help but gasp. 
She rushed down the car and followed the broken fence all the way down to the sea. 
She frantically searched around but found nothing until she saw a pillow thrown out of the car on the shore. 
She recognized that pillow. 
It was specially bought by Delbert for her comfort in the car! 
The car had overturned, causing items inside to spill out. 
The changing tides had washed away the traces on the beach, making it difficult to determine immediately. 
Tears welled up in Harriet's eyes as she tightly hugged the pillow, crying uncontrollably. 
She was terrified that Delbert might have fallen into the sea.
How could they find him in the vast ocean? 
Seeing that, Levi gave a signal, and his men quickly began salvaging. 
However, even they couldn't be sure if Delbert's car was still nearby. 
With the changing tides, the car could have been carried elsewhere. 
If they couldn't salvage it, what would they do then? 
Everyone was deeply concerned, especially Harriet. 
Her eyes were fixed on the sea. 
She refused to believe that anything bad had happened to Delbert but was also terrified at the thought. 
As time passed by, the manpower brought by the Bass brothers finally salvaged a car from the sea. 
It was a silver-gray car. 
Harriet's pupils suddenly shrank. 
Although there was no license plate, it was unmistakably Delbert's favorite car. 
She recognized it at a glance!
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665
The henchmen of the Bass brothers moved the wreckage of the car to the shore. 
The car windows and windshield were smashed to pieces, and the vehicle was severely deformed. 
If it were someone else, it would be hard to determine whose car it was at first sight. 
However, Harriet recognized it at a glance and ran forward frantically. 
"This’s Delbert's car. It must be. I can tell it’s his!" 
"Yvonne, calm down a bit. Things may not be as bad as they seem!" 
Arthur and Levi quickly stopped her to prevent her from getting hurt. 
What if Delbert's body was really inside the car? 
Levi gave a signal. 
His people hurriedly approached, immediately trying to remove the deformed car door. 
But as they reached the windshield, everyone's faces quickly darkened. 
They hesitated and glanced at Harriet, biting their tongues, unable to say a word. 
The person in charge of the salvage slowly approached Bass brothers and Harriet. 
Harriet, with tears in her eyes and extremely emotional, looked at him. 
"Miss Harriet, there is a body in the car..." 
"A body?" Harriet kept murmuring these two words, finding it hard to believe.
The air was filled with an unpleasant smell, and Harriet felt like she was suffocating as she looked at the gruesome scene. 
An uncomfortable feeling spread in her heart, making it hard for her to breathe. 
A body? 
Whose body could it be? 
She had never imagined such a thing happening. 
Harriet could barely stand on her feet, almost stumbling, but Arthur and Levi were there to support her. 
She took a deep breath, her right eyelid twitching incessantly. 
She had a terrible premonition. 
Arthur had already dialed 911, and the police quickly arrived, cordoning off the scene with caution tape. 
A group of onlookers gathered by the roadside, and the police calmly dispersed the crowd. 
"Move back. Everyone, move back!" 
Harriet stepped back but kept staring ahead, breathing lightly. 
In her mind, she kept repeating that the body couldn't be Delbert's. 
It just couldn't be!
At this moment, a forensic doctor in a white coat stepped forward to examine the body, and Harriet felt the tension in her heart increasing. 
After a while, the forensic doctor stood up, removed his blood-stained gloves, and said to them, "After preliminary assessment, the person suffered severe head injuries from a significant impact in the car and then drowned in the water." 
Once Harriet heard that, her head buzzed with disbelief. 
But deep inside, she still had a voice denying it. 
"Who’s this person? Can you identify it?" 
Her voice was trembling. 
"Further examination is needed at the identification center." 
The forensic doctor replied calmly. 
Harriet suddenly couldn't control her emotions, "I want you to tell me now who this body is right now!" 
Levi sensed her unusually agitated state and quickly reassured her, "Alright, Yvonne, calm down first. This body may not necessarily be Delbert." 
He then turned to the forensic doctor, "Thank you." 
"It's okay." 
Subsequently, the police carried the body to the identification center, and the onlookers gradually dispersed.
Levi and others drove Harriet to the identification center to check the results. 
Harriet still felt dazed and her heart ached.
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666
No! 
That body couldn't be Delbert! 
Harriet waited quietly in the examination room, feeling unbearable pain and anxiety. 
After half an hour, the forensic doctor came out and said, "Through examination, we can confirm that the deceased is Mr. Delbert." 
That sentence was like a bolt from the blue, causing Harriet's head to ache terribly. 
"It's impossible! Absolutely impossible! I don't believe it. Delbert can't be dead!" 
Harriet couldn't accept this result and broke down into tears. 
The painful feeling grew stronger. 
She felt her brain going blank as tears flowed uncontrollably. 
"Delbert promised to be with me forever. We were just together for such a short time. How could he abandon me like this? It's impossible! I don't believe it!" 
At this moment, she was on the verge of collapsing and fainted directly. 
"Yvonne, Yvonne!" 
Her brothers were shocked and quickly supported her. 
"Doctor! Is there a doctor? Come quickly. My sister has fainted!" 
Several nurses rushed over and immediately helped Harriet up and away.
The Bass brothers followed closely behind, extremely nervous. 
As the night grew late, the hospital fell silent, devoid of any sound. 
Meanwhile, in a lavishly decorated private apartment, Sadie sat on a large pristine bed, wearing a satin nightgown, her long hair cascading down, looking enchanting. 
In front of her lay a man, his breath already weak, with many bandaged areas on his body. 
That man was Delbert. 
When Sadie gazed at the unconscious Delbert, a look of infatuation appeared on her face. 
A meaningful smile slowly crept up on her lips. 
She stared blankly at his handsome face, her eyes revealing a hint of unattainable greed. 
Her gaze swept over Delbert's exquisite and handsome face inch by inch, the smile on her lips deepening, her voice alluring, "Delbert, look, you're still lying next to me, aren't you? I am the ultimate winner." 
After saying that, she smiled foolishly, as if her obsession had deepened. 
The TV was playing noisy news in the background, and Sadie turned up the volume to hear the report. 
"At 2:15 this afternoon at location ××, a major accident occurred. An adult male died after falling into the lake by car. Upon confirmation, the man was a male assistant to Ms. Harriet." 
Listening to these brutal reports, Sadie sneered.
Her expression turned sinister between her brows, and the smile on her lips grew more pronounced. 
She reached over and gently covered Delbert with a thin blanket. 
No one would know that she orchestrated that car accident. 
Originally, she had everything planned out, and it should have gone smoothly according to her arrangements. 
However, as things progressed, she became increasingly uneasy and regretful. 
She thought of Delbert's bloody appearance, which filled her with fear. 
In that moment, all thoughts of destroying Delbert and preventing Harriet from getting him were dispelled. 
She rushed to the highway to stop everything from happening and save Delbert. 
By that time, the car accident had already occurred. It seemed as if it was irreversible. 
She was hit heavily while searching for Delbert, wanting to see him alive or see his body. 
Luckily, when she found Delbert in the wrecked car, he still had a faint pulse. 
It wasn't too late.
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667
Sadie felt extremely fortunate and quickly brought Delbert back home to receive the best medical care. 
Fortunately, he was out of danger. 
Sadie breathed a long sigh of relief. 
After that, another evil thought crept into her mind—to imprison Delbert so he would always be by her side and never see Harriet again. 
Perhaps over time, he would fall in love with her. 
There was a possibility. 
Sadie sighed deeply at this thought. 
Originally, this step wasn’t part of her plan, but her desires were driving her madly, leading her to where she was today. 
She didn't regret it. 
Looking at Delbert peacefully sleeping on the bed, she smiled faintly. 
As for the body salvaged by the Bass brothers, it was a fake body arranged by Sadie when she brought Delbert back. 
She changed the clothes and disfigured the face of the body to match Delbert's appearance. 
She had gone this far and had to cover up everything meticulously. 
She even bribed the forensic doctor to conduct a false examination promptly.
Luckily, everything went smoothly. 
Even if it was discovered one day, she wouldn't regret it as long as Delbert was by her side. 
Sadie adjusted the blanket covering Delbert and leaned close to his ear, then said softly, "Delbert, how could I bear to let you die like this? Don't worry, you’ll always be by my side in the future. We’ll be together forever!" 
Her eyes were filled with paranoia, her possessiveness towards Delbert exceeding imagination. 
Even she didn’t expect herself to reach this level of possessing Delbert. 
And she had him by her side right now. 
At this moment, Delbert slowly regained consciousness. 
Rubbing his throbbing head in pain, he looked around in confusion. 
"Where... where am I?" 
Sadie's lips curved into a smile as she moved closer to him without saying a word. 
Delbert's gaze shifted back to her face with utter confusion. 
"Who are you again?" 
Upon hearing that, Sadie was momentarily stunned. 
What was going on? 
Could it be that Delbert... had lost his memories?
Delbert frowned and continued with a puzzled expression, "Who am I? Why can't I remember anything? Ah! My head hurts!" 
Rubbing his temples in pain, he looked around with extreme emptiness in his eyes. 
"Where exactly am I?" 
He stood up in confusion and focused his gaze on Sadie before asking again. 
Surprised, Sadie quickly realized the situation and felt delighted. 
Without waiting for him to assess the situation further, she hurriedly spoke up, "This’s our home. I’m your fiancée, Sadie. Your name is Delbert Jackson. You were being chased by enemies before which led to your amnesia. 
"Fortunately, I managed to save you." 
Saying that, Sadie looked upset and pitied him deeply. 
She took a step forward to approach Delbert but he instinctively took two steps back, staring at her with hesitation. 
"Is that so?" 
"Do you... not believe me?" 
Sadie's breath tightened as she feared he might remember something, so she nervously watched for any changes in Delbert's expression. 
After staring at him for a while and seeing him still confused, she suppressed her anxiety and continued, "I didn't lie to you. You really are my fiancé. If you don't believe me, why would I bring you here?
"This’s my house. If you don't trust me, I can show you your identification or something similar, but you'll have to wait a few days." 
"Why?" Delbert asked.
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668
Upon hearing that, Sadie became anxious. 
"What else could it be? You were in danger. Your belongings were destroyed. Now you have to start over. Doesn't it take time to do all these things? Am I supposed to conjure them up for you now?" 
Sadie frowned slightly. Although she wanted Delbert, looking at the foolish man in front of her, she felt inexplicably annoyed. 
In reality, she still preferred the cold and rational Delbert, not this man who couldn't remember anything. 
She also felt guilty, fearing that he might remember something. 
Delbert squinted slightly, intending to say something, but Sadie impatiently took out a jewel pendant from the side and handed it to him. 
"Delbert, don't you recognize this? This‘s the token of love you gave me when we were kids." 
This jewel pendant was the token of love that Delbert gave to Harriet when they were young, but Sadie stole it. 
Now it could come in handy. 
As soon as it appeared, Delbert's eyes widened, and he involuntarily shouted, "Yvonne!" 
Before Sadie could say anything else, he immediately embraced her, murmuring "Yvonne" repeatedly. 
Sadie was stunned. 
She didn’t expect that even with amnesia, Delbert still remembered Harriet.
The jewel pendant she brought out was the token of love he had given to Harriet years ago. 
She gritted her teeth. Although she received the embrace she had longed for, she felt extremely restless at that moment. 
Her brow furrowed deeply, especially when she heard him repeatedly calling Harriet's nickname. 
She felt like clawing her nails into his flesh. 
However, she refrained from doing so because she knew that her hatred was still directed towards Harriet. 
"Delbert, I didn't expect you to remember me even with amnesia!" 
Sadie forced a smile, emphasizing the last few words. 
"Of course, I remember you now. You’re my love, Yvonne." 
Delbert gently released Sadie and smiled warmly at her. 
At the moment his smile appeared, Sadie was once again stunned. 
The hatred that had been festering in her heart vanished in an instant. 
She stared at his upturned lips, completely captivated by his smile. 
"Delbert, can you hug me again? I really like your tenderness!" 
Sadie's heart trembled continuously. 
Delbert used to be unwelcoming to strangers but showed warmth only in front of Harriet. 
However, with her, he was either indifferent or filled with disgust.
But now things were different. He treated her like he treated Harriet. 
Regardless of whether his amnesia was real or feigned, she wanted him to stay by her side. 
His smile was too dazzling, causing her to be lost in it. 
She completely forgot what she ought to do. 
"Sure!" 
Delbert agreed without hesitation and immediately hugged her. 
However, as his face turned away in an instant, his gentle eyes turned sharp, as if the previous tenderness was a prelude to his brutality. 
Sadie, although convinced that Delbert had amnesia, still paid close attention to him. 
"Delbert, your room is ahead. You shouldn't go out recently. If you must go out, take my people with you. 
"There are too many enemies outside. Another accident might happen. Besides, you just survived a life-threatening situation. Your body hasn't fully recovered. Going out frequently could be risky. It would be more reassuring if you have people with you. 
"You are so considerate. You wouldn't want to make me worry, right?" 
Sadie squinted, smiling playfully at him, observing the ever-changing expressions on his face.
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669
Delbert nodded without hesitation. 
"Okay, I understand." 
Sadie smiled and said, "I have some things to attend to, so I'll leave for a while. Rest well at home." 
Delbert simply nodded. 
After Sadie left, she instructed the butler, "Keep an eye on him more closely recently. If there are any strange behaviors, inform me." 
"Miss Sadie, are you planning to restrict his freedom?" 
The butler standing nearby bowed and asked with lowered brows. 
Sadie waved her hand. 
"No need for that. If he's kept too tightly, it might backfire. Just have more people follow him discreetly." 
"Understood." 
After the butler left, Sadie stood in place for a moment, gazing at the door of Delbert's room. 
In the end, she still felt unsettled in her heart. 
She was like a parent of a mischievous child, always keeping a close watch, afraid that the child might run off when she wasn't looking. 
Sadie sighed lightly, rubbed her temples, turned around, and left.
Meanwhile, on the other side, Harriet lay in bed, crying loudly for half the day until she finally fell into a deep sleep. 
In her dream-like state, she felt particularly restless. 
Her head kept shaking as she tried to break free from the dream but only sank deeper into it. 
"Delbert... Delbert..." 
She kept murmuring in her sleep, her hands involuntarily trembling. 
She tried desperately to grasp onto something but found nothing. 
Tears streamed down her cheeks and soaked her hair. 
In her dream, she saw herself playing and frolicking with Delbert in Agral City when they were young. 
As she looked at the young Delbert's innocent face, she tried to get closer to him, but he seemed to move further away. 
She called out desperately and reached out to grab him, wanting to stop him from leaving, but her efforts were in vain. 
"Delbert!" 
Just as she felt disappointed, the distant figure suddenly approached her again. 
As she was about to embrace him, the child in front of her, who was slightly shorter than her, suddenly grew taller than her by a lot. 
His innocent face became remarkably mature.
She thought her Delbert had returned, but to her surprise, as she joyfully reached out to him, Delbert collapsed in front of her. 
Then a pile of blood mysteriously flowed out from him, staining his clothes red. 
Her man took his last breath in front of her... 
"No! Don't leave me, Delbert!" 
A scream echoed as Harriet sat up abruptly in bed. 
Sweat and tears mixed together, wetting her face. 
As she opened her eyes, she saw her mother, Miriam, and brothers looking at her with concern. 
"Mom!" Harriet rushed into her mother's arms with sadness. 
"Good girl, don't be sad. Delbert..." 
At this point, Miriam found it difficult to continue. 
After all, she could see Harriet's affection for Delbert. 
"No! Delbert will be fine. He couldn't just leave me like that easily. It's impossible! Impossible..." 
Harriet covered her ears, shaking her head and crying again. 
Her eyes were already swollen and red from crying earlier. 
Now she looked even more pitiful. 
"Yvonne, don't do this!”
"If Delbert were still alive, he wouldn't want you to be this sad for him." 
At this moment, all eight brothers surrounded her, comforting her with words of solace. 
But Harriet didn't seem to hear any of it. 
She kept muttering that Delbert wasn't dead. 
Seeing Harriet like this made Miriam's heart ache even more. 
Apart from others' opinions, seeing her daughter in such a state was heartbreaking for her. 
Moreover, Delbert had been like a son to her since childhood. 
After finally seeing them together just a few days ago and now losing him so suddenly, being an elderly person herself, she couldn't bear it and tears welled up in her eyes instantly.
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670
"Mom, Delbert isn't dead, right? He can't die. We made plans for the future together. He wouldn't break his promise. Mom, tell me, Delbert isn't dead, is he?" 
"Yvonne, I know you can't accept this fact, but the forensic doctor has already confirmed..." Miriam sighed heavily. 
"You're all lying to me. All of you are lying to me. I don't believe it!" 
Harriet directly shook off Miriam's hand, suffering a mental breakdown. 
Lucas couldn't bear to see this and discreetly inserted a silver needle into Harriet's head while she wasn't paying attention. 
Harriet's crying halted abruptly, and her tired eyelids struggled to stay open. 
After blinking a few times, they eventually closed. 
"Will this be okay?" Miriam asked with some concern. 
"Don't worry, Ms. Miriam. There won't be any side effects. Yvonne will wake up after a while, and by then, she should be more lucid," Lucas assured. 
Seeing that, everyone sighed helplessly, hoping she would recover soon. 
No one expected such a thing to happen! 
... 
In a blink of an eye, Harriet woke up again, but this time she didn't cry or make a scene.
Instead, she gazed calmly at the ceiling, lost in her thoughts, making everyone hesitant to disturb her. 
The atmosphere was briefly quiet until a series of footsteps interrupted it. 
Arthur cautiously entered the room, intending to speak. 
However, upon seeing Harriet awake, he hesitated to say a word, unsure of what to say. 
After much hesitation, he finally spoke up, "The police just notified us to... claim the body." 
At these words, Harriet's vacant eyes trembled slightly. 
Arthur cleared his throat. 
"How about this, Yvonne? You stay here and rest. We'll go claim it." 
"Yeah, we should..." Henry chimed in. 
"No need." 
Before anyone could say more, Harriet threw off the covers and got out of bed. 
Even though her clothes were wrinkled, she paid no attention to them. 
Her eyes were unfocused. 
Seeing that, the Bass brothers were particularly worried. 
Arthur intended to say something again but was cut off by Harriet. 
"He’s my husband. I’m his wife. Now that he's dead, I should be the one to claim the body."
"But you..." Arthur still felt uneasy. 
"Arthur, trust me, I'll be fine." 
Harriet forced a smile to reassure Arthur, leaving him with no choice but to lead her to the police station. 
Later on, Harriet followed the Bass brothers into the police station in a daze. 
They were led into a morgue by the police comrades, where they saw a covered body laid out on the mortuary table. 
"Please accept our condolences," a police officer said before intending to give them some privacy. 
Just as he turned away, a cold voice rang out. 
"He isn’t Delbert!" 
The police officer turned back to see Harriet uncovering the white sheet and carefully examining the body. 
Having shared a bed with Delbert for so long, she was intimately familiar with every inch of his body. 
Even though the man in front of her was unrecognizable, she was sure he wasn’t Delbert!
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671
Harriet's attitude made the police office feel helpless. 
"Ms. Munoz, please accept my condolences. The dead cannot be brought back to life. You should let go. The body in front of you is indeed your husband, Delbert," he said. 
"No, he feels unfamiliar to me. My intuition tells me that he is not my husband," Harriet argued, turning to face the police officer. 
The police officer was at a loss. He didn't know how to comfort Harriet. He was about to seek help from others when he saw Harriet's brothers looking at him with doubt. Helplessly, he explained, "Ms. Munoz, your husband's DNA test reports were all handled by our police forensic experts. They have handled many cases without mistakes, so this report cannot be wrong. 
"Moreover, it's impossible for this situation to be a coincidence. Your husband mysteriously disappeared, and then a person who looked exactly like your husband appeared. Even if that's the case, their DNA can't be the same." 
Harriet refused to give up. She said, "Officer, can you let us see the forensic expert? Maybe there was some mistake in the process." 
Harriet's brothers echoed, "Take us to the forensic expert!" 
The police officer had a headache. He wanted to excuse the fact that the forensic expert was busy, but seeing Harriet like that, he couldn't bear to say it. Besides, her brothers were all staring at him with narrowed eyes, so he had to relent. 
"Okay, I'll take you there," he said before taking them to the forensic expert.
"Here he is. I have to go back to work," said the police officer. 
Harriet gritted her teeth and walked in. 
"That body is not Delbert. I demand a reevaluation," she said. 
"Are you kidding me? I am a professional forensic expert. How dare you come here to question my skills!" sulked the forensic expert, looking incredulously at Harriet. "I'm telling you, that body is Delbert." 
His tone was serious, but there was a fleeting hint of guilt in his eyes. 
Harriet keenly caught it, making her more certain that the body was not Delbert. 
"Brothers, he's lying!" Harriet pointed. 
Levi nodded and gave a signal to Oliver. 
Then Oliver grabbed the collar of the forensic expert and pinned him against the wall. 
The forensic expert grunted, feeling dizzy. After recovering, he glared at Oliver and barked, "What are you doing?" 
"Forcing you to tell the truth, of course," said Lucas with a sly smile, waving a silver needle in his hand. "You'd better confess honestly. Otherwise, I don't know where this needle will end up." 
The smile on Lucas's face made the forensic expert shiver. 
He knew that these people were powerful and meant their words. 
"I..." The forensic expert hesitated because he didn't want to offend Sadie either.
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672
"Not speaking, huh? Fine, then don't blame me for being ruthless!" Lucas sneered, sticking the silver needle into the forensic expert's body, causing a scream to ring out in the room. 
"Alright, I'll talk. It was Sadie who asked me to do this," he confessed. 
Compared with keeping secrets, life was more important. 
"That body wasn't Delbert's. She found another body and had me disguise it as Delbert's," he said. 
"Sadie!" Harriet gritted her teeth but felt relieved. 
"If she's behind this, then Delbert must be alive," Harriet muttered, hopefully looking at her brothers. 
But amid her joy, anger surged within her. "How dare Sadie get her hands on Delbert? I will not let her get away with this!" 
Harriet fumed with anger, thinking of all the things Sadie did to Miriam. Determined to get her revenge, Harriet started to head outside. 
"Yvonne, where are you going?" The Bass brothers asked, following behind her. 
"I'm going to settle the score with Sadie and bring Delbert back," Harriet said. 
"It's indeed necessary, but Yvonne, have you thought about it? The Bass family's house is a dangerous place. You should get well prepared before you go," Arthur reasoned. 
"No matter how dangerous it is, I must bring Delbert back. I won't let Sadie have her way!" Harriet gritted her teeth, ignoring the advice.
She quickened her pace, got into the car, and drove straight to the Bass family's house, leaving her brothers far behind. 
When she arrived at her destination, she gasped in shock. 
"What's going on?" she said, trembling. 
'Why does it look like there is a funeral? What happened? Who passed away?' She wondered. 
She pushed open the door and was about to ask the servants when she suddenly saw Miriam's photo placed on the memorial tablet in the center of the hall. 
"What are you doing?" Harriet shouted. 
Miriam was alive and well, yet someone held a funeral for her. Harriet couldn't accept it. 
Losing her mind, she cut through the crowd and smashed the photo onto the ground. 
"Who are you? What the hell are you doing?" someone shouted after the initial shock. 
"Can't you see that the Bass family is holding a funeral? This is disrespectful to the deceased! Where is the person in charge? How can he let her in?" said the crowd, pointing at Harriet. 
Harriet paid no attention to them. Her gaze was fixed on Sadie, who was standing in the crowd with a smug smile on her face. 
Harriet knew that Sadie was playing a trick. Harriet would not let Sadie get her way. 
"Miriam is not dead. She's alive and well. Why did the Bass family hold a funeral for her? What are you up to?" Harriet said.
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673
"Where did this madwoman come from? Get her out of here!" Not believing it, the people urged the servants to drive Harriet away. 
Harriet gritted her teeth and planned to continue when she heard a snort from a middle-aged man. 
"Miriam is my sister. I know her situation better than anyone else. Why are you spreading rumors and causing trouble at her funeral? What are you up to?" he said. 
Harriet sneered and shot back, "Miriam is my mother. I know her situation better than you. She is alive and well. What are you up to by holding a funeral for her? 
"Ask Sadie about what she did to make Miriam lie in bed like a vegetable for many years. Ask her about how she made everyone believe that she was the daughter of the Bass family." 
Harriet looked coldly at everyone present, especially at Sadie, who stood out in the crowd. 
The crowd was stunned, but Sadie reacted quickly. 
"Uncles, you have to stand up for me," she said. "Miriam is my mother, not hers. She is talking nonsense." 
"Besides, don't you know Miriam's situation better than me? Harriet, you're deliberately causing trouble here. You don't want Miriam to rest in peace, right? 
"Do you have to settle your grudges against me at the funeral?" Sadie said tearfully. 
The others felt sorry for her, but Harriet detected provocation in her gaze. Harriet itched to rush over and tear her face off.
If it were not for Sadie, Harriet wouldn't have been doubted by her family. 
Sadie intended to slander Harriet again when a commotion broke out in the crowd. 
Harriet looked over and saw the middle-aged man approaching with a sullen face. 
He was Miriam's brother, Felipe Bass. 
"Someone, come and get her out of here!" Felipe ordered sternly. 
No one ed to his decision. 
"Bring more people and drive her away!" 
"Yeah, this woman is rude and disrespectful to the deceased!" 
Sarcastic voices came one after another. 
Harriet frowned, trying to explain. 
Suddenly, a figure appeared. It was none other than Lucas. Holding a silver needle in his hand, he shouted, "I dare you to touch Yvonne!" 
His threat was not heeded. Lucas knew that no one would listen to him if he didn't reveal his identity. 
"Get lost! Stop causing trouble!" the servants barked. 
Lucas gritted his teeth, ready to fight them, but they had the numbers. 
Lucas made a quick decision, leading Harriet to rush toward a side door. But just as they were about to get out, their path was blocked.
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674
"Hmph! Bring it on! I'd like to try my new skills!" Lucas snorted. "Yvonne, find an opportunity to leave." 
Harriet was worried. "I can't. What if they catch you?" 
"So what? I don't care," Lucas said indifferently. 
"But Felipe is a ruthless man. Even Sadie becomes his puppet," Harriet said. 
Lucas's eyes dimmed. He was about to say something when a loud noise came from the door. 
The door collapsed, and someone shouted, "See? I told you they were here." 
The familiar voice brought hope to Lucas and Harriet. 
On the other hand, the servants lost their momentum. 
Harriet realized how reckless her actions were. She was about to apologize to her brothers, but a figure flashed past not far from the door. 
Harriet narrowed her eyes, trying to focus, but the figure disappeared too quickly. She felt like it was Delbert. 
"Delbert?" she called out, rushing over. 
"Where is Yvonne?" The Bass brothers looked around and noticed that Harriet was missing. They looked outside and saw a figure going away. 
"Where is Yvonne going?" Everyone was puzzled once again, even more so than before.
They chased after her, ignoring the clamor behind them. 
"Delbert, Delbert..." Harriet lost sight of him. She didn't know where to go and felt desperate, calling out to Delbert. 
But no one answered her. 
"Delbert, I know you're not dead. Where did you go? Come out and see me!" she said, unable to hold back her tears. 
Her brothers arrived and bumped into the scene. "Yvonne, what's wrong? Tell us, did anyone bully you just now?" 
Harriet raised her head, saw their worried faces, and smiled bitterly. "I'm okay. Let's go." 
She stood up and suddenly felt dizzy. Luckily, Levi caught her in time. 
They were all worried about her. 
Just then, Felipe came up with a group of people. 
"I thought they had fled. I didn't expect them to still be here." The mocking voices came again. 
"Leave and don't set foot here again. You're not welcome here!" 
Felipe stood at the forefront, looking arrogantly at Harriet and her brothers. 
"Why should we listen to you?" Arthur stepped forward, towering in front of Felipe. He was the leader of the world's number-one assassin organization, and his aura was intimidating. 
Everyone gasped in awe, and those defiant ones immediately shut their mouths, showing signs of backing up.
###Chapter 675
Chapter 675
Arthur was not happy to see Felipe's face. 
If it weren't for Felipe's indifference, Miriam wouldn't have been harmed by Sadie. 
"Felipe, you are truly a cunning fox. You knew all along that Sadie was not the daughter of the Bass family, yet you insisted on protecting her. When faced with Harriet, the real Ms. Bass, you ignored her. Are you planning to control all the assets?" Arthur said. 
"Why do you care? I call the shots in the Bass family. What can you do?" Felipe provocatively stared at Arthur. 
He didn't care how powerful Arthur was. He was now the head of the Bass family. If he disagreed, Harriet would never be able to enter the house, unless something unexpected happened to the Bass family, which was unlikely. 
Arthur was not bothered by his remarks. "Do as you please. You reap what you sow." 
Arthur glanced at him and left with the others. 
"Yvonne, you can't be so reckless again. If we weren't here, Felipe might have acted against you." Arthur cautioned Harriet. 
Harriet nodded, thinking of that figure just now. 
Since Felipe dared to keep a fake Ms. Bass by his side, it meant he could harm Harriet to prevent her from exposing Sadie's identity. They had to be cautious.
Arthur led the group toward where the car was parked when suddenly, a voice rang out behind them. "Harriet!" 
Harriet turned around and asked blankly, "Anything?" 
The Bass brothers were not happy to see the newcomer. Andy Bass was Felipe's son and Harriet's cousin. 
But Harriet didn't know him. 
Andy nodded and said, "Harriet, I believe what you said." 
Harriet raised an eyebrow, but her surprise was soon replaced by doubt. Andy was a member of the Bass family. Why would he believe her without any reason? She smelled a rat. 
"Why?" she asked. 
"I have seen you before, and I remember you. I also believe that Miriam is not dead. If something happened to her, there would have been traces left behind," Andy explained. 
Harriet narrowed her eyes, feeling the sincerity in his words. She sighed lightly and decided to trust him. 
"Okay, I believe you. Come with me. Let's find a quieter place to talk," she said. 
Andy followed them to a high-end café nearby. 
Harriet told Andy about Miriam's situation, and Andy got angry. 
"That explains Sadie's strange actions. Turns out she is not my cousin. No wonder she was in such a hurry to hold Miriam's funeral. Perhaps she was afraid of something being exposed or planning something," he said.
"Felipe is likely involved in her plans." Harriet glanced at Andy, lifted her coffee cup, and took a sip. 
"I see. I will pay more attention," Andy said sincerely. "I'll help you. I'll bring both you and Miriam back." 
Harriet believed Andy's words. Perhaps blood ties were indeed peculiar. 
Sadie wandered around the villa, searching for Delbert. 
'Where did Delbert go?' She wondered, feeling upset. 'Has he restored his memory and gone to find Harriet?'
###Chapter 676
Chapter 676
Sadie stomped her feet in annoyance. Just then, a big figure approached her, and she found that it was Delbert. 
She hurried over and questioned, "Where did you go?" 
She was afraid that Delbert would regain his memory and go find Harriet. 
Her harsh words startled Delbert. 
He shivered, full of grievances. He looked in the direction where Harriet had just left and spoke. "Didn't you say this was my home? I went around and lost my way because this place was too large. 
"I couldn't find you, and I didn't know what to do." 
Sadie softened up and put on a smile. 
It was good that he hadn't regained his memory. 
She intended to comfort him, but Delbert held her in his arms. She was stunned and then felt pleased. 
"Don't be angry, okay?" Delbert pleaded. 
Sadie looked at him and wrapped her arms around his waist. 
"Delbert, you are so silly. Why didn't you ask the servants for the way?" she said. 
"I only remember you, and I only want to talk to you," Delbert said.
Sadie held her breath, her heart racing. She blushed and tightened her grip on Delbert's waist. 
Sadie was pleased and forgot about the trouble Harriet had caused her just now. 
Originally, what happened put her in a bad mood, but Delbert's hug cheered her up. 
Immersed in it, she failed to detect the disgust in Delbert's eyes. 
The conversation in the café continued. 
"You said that you saw me before, but I don't remember you," Harriet said. 
Andy smiled shyly. "When I was young, I secretly asked my mother to take me to Agral City. I saw you there. Although we were both little at that time, I could immediately tell that you were my cousin." 
Harriet was touched by this revelation. 
"I never expected that after so many years, you could still recognize me. It really moves me!" she said. 
Even Felipe didn't expect him to recognize Harriet. That might be the power of blood ties. 
Andy took another sip of coffee and spoke to the Bass brothers. "Perhaps this is the power of family bonds. Even though we haven't seen each other for so many years, I can still recognize her among the crowd. Don't you feel the same way?" 
The Bass brothers nodded in agreement. 
Then Andy continued, "Actually, I have long sensed that Sadie is not part of the Bass family. I have even brought this up with Felipe. Sadly, he didn't believe me. He has no suspicion of Sadie at all."
Andy paused and added, "And I remember that he got mad at me and warned me not to mention this matter again." 
Harriet was surprised and then understood the situation.
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677
After taking a sip of coffee, Andy continued, "I can probably understand why my father did this. He was adopted by the Bass family and couldn't inherit the family's business. 
"So, when Sadie showed up with the token, even though he knew that she wasn't Miriam's daughter, he still acknowledged her for the sake of the family fortune. 
"He wants to groom Sadie into a puppet, using her to control the Bass family." 
Harriet finally understood Felipe's intention. 
That was why he stuck to his statement despite knowing that Sadie was a fake. 
But Harriet couldn't accept his indifference when Sadie was harming Miriam. 
"Andy, thank you for telling the truth. I will take care of the rest," Harriet said. 
Andy smiled. "No worries. I don't want my father to keep making mistakes." 
Then he added, "Harriet, where is Miriam now? Can I go see her?" 
Harriet smiled, "Let's go together. We're going to the hospital. I'm sure she'll be very happy to see you." 
Soon, Harriet led Andy to the hospital where Miriam was. 
Harriet gently pushed open the door, and Andy followed her inside. 
Miriam was kind to him when he was little, and he was eager to see her.
"Mom, I'm here to see you," Harriet said. 
"Come over, darling!" Miriam smiled, waving at Harriet. 
"I brought someone to see you today," Harriet said, stepping aside. 
Andy slowly came up. 
"Who is he?" Miriam asked in confusion, failing to recognize Andy. 
Harriet smiled faintly, "Don't you recognize Andy? He is Felipe's son." 
"Oh, I remember now. You're Andy. It has been so many years, and you've grown up. Come over and let me have a good look at you," Miriam said happily. 
"Miriam, I miss you so much," Andy said, happy that Miriam still remembered him. 
He knew that Miriam would not forget him. 
Andy stepped forward to hold Miriam's hand. "I'm sorry. I should have protected you." 
"Silly child, you were little back then, and this matter has nothing to do with you. Don't beat yourself up!" Miriam comforted him, patting his head. 
Harriet remembered that the Bass family had held a funeral for Miriam and revealed, "Felipe is despicable. He knew that Sadie was not your daughter, yet he resolutely acknowledged her, just to use Sadie's identity to control the Bass family. 
"And when I broke into their house today, I found that he was working with Sadie to hold a funeral for you. They are heartless!" 
Harriet was filled with anger, and Miriam's face fell.
"So, Felipe knew all along that Sadie was not my daughter. I thought he was kept in the dark all these years," she said.
###Chapter 678
Chapter 678
"Miriam, Yvonne, we absolutely cannot let this matter rest!" Levi chimed in. 
Miriam nodded. "I have given Felipe and Sadie many chances already. Since they don't appreciate it, I won't be lenient anymore." 
Harriet's eyes glinted with coldness. "Sadie took my identity and stole my life. I will make sure she returns everything to me." 
"It seems I have to go out and dispel this rumor about my death," Miriam mused. "They held my funeral, didn't they? When they bury my body, I will appear in person to prove that I am not dead, exposing their conspiracy." 
"I will try to gather evidence that Sadie is not my cousin and help you in secret," Andy said. 
The Bass brothers agreed with Miriam's plan and prepared to ensure her safety. 
... 
Soon, it was the day when the Bass family was going to bury Miriam. 
Sadie walked in front, holding Miriam's memorial tablet and crying sorrowfully. 
Harriet hid in the crowd, feeling disgusted at her hypocritical appearance. 
She must have been blind when she treated Sadie as her best friend when she was little, only to have her identity stolen in the end. 
Harriet had invited a large group of reporters to expose the events of the past and ensure that Felipe and Sadie had no chance of escaping.
The Bass family showed no signs of suspicion. Felipe and Sadie stood in front of Miriam's grave, observing a moment of silence. 
They were waiting for Miriam's coffin to be buried. Then this matter could finally come to an end. 
Just then, Miriam stood up and sneered. "Whose funeral is being held here, mine? But I am alive and well. Felipe, why did you tell everyone that I died?" 
The reporters from all over Imperium swarmed over, snapping pictures. 
All eyes turned toward Miriam. 
The atmosphere became tense. Both Felipe and Sadie panicked, not expecting Miriam to suddenly appear. 
"Yeah, Miriam is alive and well. Why did you say she was dead? What are your intentions?" Harriet questioned, helping a pale-faced Miriam walk toward them. 
Sadie and Felipe wanted to argue, but words failed them. 
Miriam glanced at them and turned to face the reporters. "Today, I want to tell everyone the truth here. Sadie is not my daughter. Harriet is! 
"I was seriously injured and fell into a coma in the hospital because Sadie pushed me down the stairs. 
"Felipe knew all this but chose to ignore my life and death. He even brought Sadie back and raised her as my daughter. It shows his sinister intentions!"
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679
After hearing Miriam's words, everyone present began to whisper and glance at Sadie and Felipe. 
Felipe glared at Miriam. His anger was plain to see. 
"Nonsense!" he shouted. "Don't listen to her. Miriam is already dead. She is an impostor!" 
Sadie reacted quickly and walked to the reporters. 
"Sorry, I don't know who this woman is. She is not Miriam at all. Miriam is already dead!" she said, turning to face Miriam. "Madam, it's a lie that you're Miriam, and it's a false accusation that I'm not the daughter of the Bass family. I can totally sue you. 
"If you leave now, I can let the matter drop." 
"Sadie, you really disappoint me. I shouldn't have saved you in Agral City back then, and you wouldn't have stolen Harriet's life," Miriam said, looking at Sadie with deep disappointment. 
"Mom, it's not worth being sad for such a person!" Harriet comforted her, patting her on the shoulder. 
Even though the evidence was already in front of her, Sadie still showed no remorse. 
She was beyond salvation. 
Felipe walked to the reporters and echoed, "What Sadie said is true. We don't know this woman, and we don't know who instigated her to come and pretend to be Miriam. Please don't believe her words. 
"I can vouch for my integrity that Miriam is dead and Sadie is her daughter."
Miriam felt disheartened. 
"Integrity? Do you think you have any integrity?" Harriet sneered, staring at Felipe. 
Felipe was annoyed and ordered the bodyguards, "What are you waiting for? Get these people out of here. Don't let them disturb Miriam from resting in peace!" 
"Yes, sir!" The bodyguards were ready to act. 
The Bass brothers immediately stepped forward to shield Miriam and Harriet. 
"I dare you!" Their aura intimidated Felipe's men. 
Miriam was thoroughly disappointed in Felipe. 
"Felipe, you really disappoint me!" she said. 
Harriet spoke up. "Felipe, this is the last time I call you uncle. We'll be enemies when we meet again." 
"You accused us first, and yet you still act so arrogantly," Sadie barked, unwilling to be outdone. "You say I'm not the daughter of the Bass family. Do you have evidence to prove it?" 
Harriet sneered, "If I can't show evidence, would I be standing here confronting you for so long?" 
"Then show it!" Sadie glared at her. 
"It will be here soon," Harriet said calmly, waiting for Andy to bring the evidence. 
Sadie scoffed, "As I see it, you can't produce evidence and are just stalling."
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680
Harriet ignored her and, inadvertently, noticed a familiar figure in the crowd. 
'Delbert?' She wondered. 
"Delbert!" Harriet ran away, as if she had lost her mind. 
Before Miriam and the Bass brothers could react, she had run far away. 
"Yvonne is gone. Chase after her!" Arthur said, leading the others to chase after Harriet. 
Harriet believed she couldn't have been mistaken. That person was Delbert. 
He was still alive. 
Sadie saw it and groaned in her heart, 'Did Harriet see Delbert?' 
She wouldn't allow them to meet. 
Sadie immediately followed. 
If Delbert saw Harriet and recovered his memory, then all her plans would fall apart. 
"Delbert, wait!" 
Harriet caught up with Delbert and grabbed his wrist. 
Delbert turned slowly, revealing his handsome face, but the look in his eyes was distant. 
Harriet didn't notice it, and she said, "I knew you weren't dead. Why didn't you come find me? Do you know how worried I've been about you?"
Then she sensed Delbert's abnormality. 
He was looking at her like a stranger. 
"Do we know each other?" Delbert asked with a puzzled look. 
"Do we know each other?" Harriet murmured in disbelief. "Delbert, do you not recognize me? I'm Harriet!" 
Delbert shook his head. "I'm sorry, miss. I don't know you. Is there a misunderstanding between us? Or maybe you've got the wrong person, but how do you know my name?" 
Harriet was struck dumb. 
Her excitement, which had just been kindled, was extinguished. "Delbert, what are you saying? We are husband and wife. How can you not recognize me?" 
But Delbert remained puzzled. 
Just then, Sadie came up and laughed at Harriet's sorry state. 
'Harriet, oh Harriet, the man you love no longer remembers you. He only has me in his heart. The man who used to dote on you is mine now,' she thought triumphantly. 
Sadie pushed Harriet aside and smirked at her. "What are you doing? Haven't you caused enough trouble today? Now you're still clinging to my fiancé?" 
Harriet was even more surprised. "What do you mean by your fiancé? Stop joking!"
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681
But Delbert didn't push Sadie away. Instead, he clung to her. A premonition rose from the bottom of Harriet's heart. 
She wondered if Delbert really didn't remember her. 
Unwilling to accept it, she asked Delbert, "Are you sure this woman is your fiancée? Do you not remember anything, including our past?" 
Delbert took a step forward and said affirmatively, "Miss, there may be some misunderstanding between us. The lady is indeed my fiancée! As for our past... I'm sorry. I can't remember anything." 
Harriet staggered. 'Delbert has forgotten me. What should I do?' 
The Bass brothers came up and saw Delbert. 
'He is fine?' They wondered. 
"Delbert, it turns out you're fine!" Oliver said, patting Delbert's shoulder. 
If Delbert had really died, Yvonne would have been sad for the rest of her life. That was not what they wanted to see. 
However, Delbert looked confused. "I'm sorry, may I ask who you are?" 
Oliver felt helpless. "Come on! It hasn't been long since we met." 
Oliver was joking with Delbert, but Delbert remained puzzled.
He moved close to Sadie and whispered, "Sadie, who are these people? Why do they all say they know me?" 
Sadie patted Delbert's shoulder and reassured him, "They are the ones who harmed you back then. Don't mind them. I'll take care of everything!" 
Delbert nodded and stepped aside. 
Oliver and the others understood the situation. 
"Yvonne, has Delbert lost his memory?" Oliver asked. 
Harriet didn't say anything, not knowing what to say. 
She couldn't believe that Delbert would forget her. 
They had been through so much together. How could Delbert forget everything just like that? 
And now he was siding with Sadie. 
Harriet couldn't accept it. 
She looked at Delbert and gently spoke. "Delbert, did you really forget everything and our promises to each other? 
"Do you remember what you promised me before? You said you would stay by my side for a lifetime. You said you would face the future with me. How can you forget?" 
Tears welled up in her eyes, and Delbert felt heartbroken. 
But he couldn't reveal the truth at that point.
'Harriet, just wait for a while longer. My plan is about to succeed!' He thought. 
Delbert endured the pain in his heart and said, "I'm sorry. I don't remember anything you said. There may be some misunderstanding, and with my fiancée here, I advise you to mind your speech." 
His tone was heavy and carried a hint of anger. 
Harriet felt a pricking pain in her heart. 
Delbert used to speak to her so softly. How could he be so serious now? 
He was cold to her and claimed that Sadie was his fiancée. 
Harriet was in unbearable agony.
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682
Harriet stared at Delbert. 
Oliver was annoyed and punched him in the face. 
He snapped, "Delbert, are you still a man? Do you not remember what you said before? Do you not remember the woman you once liked? Are you intentionally breaking Yvonne's heart?" 
"It's okay, Oliver!" Harriet stopped Oliver, wiping away her tears. 
Regardless, she didn't want Delbert to get hurt. 
Sadie quickly went up to protect Delbert. "Are you all right?" 
Seeing Delbert's mouth bleeding, Sadie cursed furiously, "Are you people insane? As he said, he is my fiancé and does not know Harriet. What else do you want? Haven't you caused enough trouble today? Now you even want to take away my fiancé? 
"You'd better leave now, or I'll have you driven away!" 
Her tone was filled with threats. 
"Miss, please stop saying misleading things. My fiancée is upset, so please leave as soon as possible!" Delbert said with a hint of sadness. 
Oliver pointed at Delbert's nose and cursed, "You scum! I was so blind that I entrusted Harriet to you!" 
"Let it go, Oliver! He just lost his memory. Calm down," Harriet soothed Oliver despite her pain.
But the indifference in Delbert's eyes was something she had never seen before. 
Yet she knew she needed to figure out first when Delbert became Sadie's fiancé and how he ended up by Sadie's side after the car accident. 
Harriet wanted to say something, but Delbert was annoyed at Oliver's accusations. 
"Are you done? Leave before I call the security guards!" he said. 
"How dare you?" Oliver raged again. 
Sadie smirked triumphantly. "You are the ones causing trouble here and distorting the truth. It's kind of me to ask you to just leave!" 
When she turned to look at Harriet, her gaze became malicious. "Take your brothers and leave. Don't bark like dogs here. Leave before I call the police!" 
Oliver fumed with rage and shot back, "Take a good look at yourself in the mirror. Are you worthy of calling us dogs? 
"Think about what you've done. It's disgusting. You're not worthy of bearing the Bass family name. Stop tarnishing its reputation!" 
Sadie's face fell, and she gasped in anger. 
Delbert's eyes flickered, and he stepped forward to protect Sadie. 
"She is my fiancée, and you shouldn't insult her. Leave here immediately. You are not welcome here!" he said, his eyes devoid of warmth. "Miss, I have never seen you before, and I will not have any dealings with you in the future. You allowed your family to insult my fiancée. I won't hold you accountable this time, but there won't be a second chance!"
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683
Harriet was deeply hurt and heartbroken. 
Every little detail of their past flashed before her eyes, and the sweet memories now tasted bitter. Harriet felt as if her heart had been ripped apart, and the coldness made her unable to breathe. 
Delbert's eyes darkened, but he fought back the urge to hold Harriet and comfort her. 
"Leave! I won't let you hurt my fiancée again!" he said. 
Sadie smirked, raising her eyebrows. "Did you hear that? Do I have to call security and the police to make you leave?" 
Oliver gritted his teeth and pulled Harriet away. "Let's go. There's no point in talking to him anymore. He will regret it!" 
He grumbled as he led Harriet away, not wanting to see Delbert's face. 
Besides, they had more important things to do. They would deal with Delbert later. 
"Yvonne, don't be sad. I'll help you get justice!" Oliver said, noticing the red rims of Harriet's eyes. 
He wiped away her tears and gently comforted her. 
Worried about Harriet, her other brothers gathered around her. "Yvonne, who bullied you? Tell us, and we'll make it right for you. 
"Who did you meet just now? We'll find him and make him apologize to you!" 
They had been worried since Harriet left in a hurry. Occupied, they had to wait for her to return.
Since their reunion, they had rarely seen her cry. 
But Harriet cried so sadly that day, indicating that she had suffered great injustice. 
Harriet couldn't help but burst into tears, unable to utter a word. 
The Bass brothers were anxious, but they didn't dare press her. 
When they saw Oliver coming back with Harriet, they gathered around him and asked, "What happened? Who did Yvonne meet? Is she this sad because someone bullied her? 
"Tell us, who bullied Yvonne? I'll go and settle the score with them!" 
Oliver sighed and told them about the encounter with Delbert, unable to hide his anger. 
"I don't know how Sadie managed to manipulate Delbert. Now, he doesn't remember Yvonne at all. He even spoke harshly to her, saying that Sadie was his fiancée. It's really infuriating!" 
The Bass brothers looked at each other in dismay. 
"It's unfair to Yvonne. Do they think we don't exist?" 
"He lost his memory, so what? If he mistreats Yvonne, we will not let him off the hook." 
They condemned Delbert and sympathized with Harriet. 
Since Delbert had an accident, Harriet had been upset. When she finally found him, he had forgotten about her.
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684
It was ridiculous and heartbreaking. 
"Yvonne, don't cry. We will help you get justice and teach those who bully you a lesson!" 
"Yeah, we'll find a way to restore Delbert's memory." 
"If he can't remember you, we'll beat him until he does!" 
Harriet stopped crying, but her spirit was still low. 
At the funeral, the reporters were puzzled by the situation. 
Each side had their points. 
And then, someone suddenly stood up. 
"Please quiet down and listen to me. I have something important to tell everyone," said Andy, stepping out of the crowd. 
The noise quieted down, and all eyes focused on Andy, waiting for what was about to be revealed. 
"Actually, Sadie is not the daughter of the Bass family. Harriet is," he announced. 
The whole place quieted down, and then the people started discussing among themselves. 
Before Felipe could react, Andy produced the files of his investigation. 
"Here is the evidence I found, enough to prove Sadie's false identity. Miriam is not dead. She is right in front of you," he added.
No one knew how Andy obtained this evidence, but Andy's action in turning against Felipe was bold. 
And the information he revealed was shocking. 
Sadie's anger surged up, and she glared at Andy. "You're talking nonsense. How am I not the daughter of the Bass family? Do you prefer to believe a stranger to your family? Don't you believe Felipe and me?" 
In contrast to her serious tone, her heart was in turmoil, and her face showed anxiety. 
She had fought so hard to take over Harriet's identity. There was no way she would give it back. 
"How could you join forces with outsiders to slander me? How can you question my identity based on this forged evidence?" she argued. 
Felipe frowned and snapped, "What the hell are you doing? Apologize to Sadie immediately!" 
Andy glanced at Sadie and spoke confidently. "I am not lying. Sadie is indeed not a member of the Bass family. I can't let her take Harriet's place. Father, you know all this. Why don't you tell everyone the truth?" 
"Are you determined to turn against me?" Felipe gasped in anger. 
Tears welled up in Sadie's eyes, and she said, "Did I do something wrong? Are you mad at me, so you want to turn against me here?"
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685
"I am not turning against you!" Andy sneered, his eyes full of disgust. "I am just stating the facts. Dad, you shouldn't keep making mistakes and treating Miriam like this!" 
Unable to hold back his anger anymore, Felipe shouted, "Someone, take him back. Unless I give the order, do not let him come out." 
The bodyguards acted quickly, intending to catch Andy. 
Andy looked around, trying to escape, but there were too many people around. There was no way out. 
As the bodyguards closed in, he pursed his lips and looked at Felipe with deep disappointment. 
"Dad, you'll regret your actions in siding with this imposter." 
"Take him back!" Felipe roared. 
The bodyguards surrounded Andy, trying to take him away by force. 
Andy struggled, trying to break free, but his strength was no match for theirs. 
Harriet came to her senses and pulled at Arthur. "We can't let them take Andy away!" 
Felipe might harm Andy, even though Andy was his son. Felipe was a person who stopped at nothing. 
"Don't worry, Yvonne. I'll save him," Arthur said, narrowing his eyes. 
He signaled to his bodyguards and said, "Go save him!"
They walked through the crowd toward Andy, who was in a standoff with Felipe's bodyguards. 
Arthur's men soon subdued those bodyguards. 
Andy breathed a long sigh of relief. 
Felipe saw it and looked at Andy with disappointment. "Are you dead on turning against me today?" 
Andy glared back. "I have never wanted to oppose you. I just want to advise you to wake up and stop making mistakes." 
"Shut up!" Felipe wouldn't listen or admit his mistakes. 
Andy smiled bitterly and then made up his mind. "Well, since you refuse to acknowledge Miriam and Cousin, then I have nothing to say. From now on, I have no relationship with you!" 
Felipe was furious. "Don't even think about entering the Bass family's house again. I don't have a son like you." 
Without looking back, Andy walked to Miriam and Harriet. "Miriam, I can't persuade my father, you will always be my aunt. Harriet is my cousin. Even if others do not recognize you, I will." 
Miriam forced a smile. "Thank you, Andy." 
"Harriet and you are mistreated. I will find a way to bring you back to the Bass family and clarify all these absurdities!" Andy shook his head, looking guilty. 
With things escalating to this point, there was no point in staying here any longer. 
Although Miriam was disappointed in Felipe, she had nothing more to say as he insisted on siding with Sadie.
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686
"Harriet, let's go!" Miriam called out, ready to leave with Andy. 
Harriet, unwilling to give up, found Delbert. 
"Delbert, do you really not remember me? We've been together for so long. Have you really forgotten everything?" She gazed fixedly at him. 
But Delbert replied coldly, "Miss, I've made it clear enough. I have never met you. Please don't say things that might cause misunderstanding again." 
"I don't believe you've forgotten what happened between us. Even if there's a hint of familiarity, you should be able to remember!" Harriet said sadly. 
A car accident had turned them into strangers. All the beautiful moments they shared were overturned, and they could never go back. 
Harriet felt heartbroken. 
Sadie rushed over and snapped, "Harriet, have you no sense of shame? How dare you flirt with my fiancé in front of so many people?" 
"Shut up! You took him away by dirty means, yet you have the nerve to flaunt it!" Harriet shot back. 
Sadie shouted in anger, "Your jealousy is useless. He is my fiancé, and soon we will get married and live a happy life. You have no chance of taking him away from me!" 
"You despicable person!" Harriet snapped, slapping Sadie across the face. 
The sound drew the attention of everyone around.
Harriet had exerted all her strength in that slap, and Sadie's face swelled immediately. 
Sadie felt a burning pain and looked incredulously at Harriet. 
"How dare you hit me?" She stomped her feet in anger. 
The slap had brought tears to her eyes, and her face was surely swollen. 
Harriet, feeling a bit of pain in her hand, sneered, "It serves you right!" 
"Someone, come and grab her. She will not get away with this!" Sadie was furious and ordered the bodyguards to capture Harriet. 
She wanted to teach Harriet a lesson. 
Facing the aggressive bodyguards, Harriet showed no fear. "If you dare touch me today, tomorrow will be your doomsday. Don't come crying then!" 
Sadie, even more enraged, shouted, "Shut her up! I don't want to hear her voice again!" 
She didn't care how powerful Harriet might be. She planned to take action and get rid of Harriet. 
Even if she couldn't take Harriet away, she would at least slap back. 
The Bass brothers rushed over to protect Harriet. 
"I dare you!" 
"If anyone lays a finger on her, I'll break his arms!"
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687
The eight men worked together to protect Harriet. 
"Yvonne, don't be afraid. We won't let anyone harm you," Arthur reassured her. 
"Thank you!" Harriet smiled. 
"You are our sister. If we don't protect you, who will?" Arthur shook his head. 
They all genuinely cared for Harriet. With Delbert's situation uncertain and he mixed up with Sadie, Harriet felt wronged. 
If they couldn't protect her now, they would feel guilty. 
The bodyguards glanced at each other. None of them dared to approach. 
The Bass brothers were not to be trifled with. 
Sadie widened her eyes and angrily shouted, "What are you all standing there for, you useless people?" 
Harriet sneered, "Weren't you so arrogant just now? Come and get me. I'll be standing here. Do you have guts?" 
"Do you think I can't do anything for you?" Sadie was furious. 
She had hoped to mock Harriet, but ended up being mocked. 
She had been slapped, but there was nothing she could do.
Harriet came out from behind Arthur and said slowly, "Sadie, take this as a warning. Sooner or later, I will take back what belongs to me. The fake can never be real." 
Sadie raised her head and took two steps forward, intending to lunge at Harriet. 
Levi saw through her intentions and shielded Harriet. "If you dare touch Harriet, I'll make you suffer like hell." 
Sadie came to her senses, but she didn't dare challenge Levi. 
She could only glare at Harriet. 
"I remember all the things you've done. We will settle this score sooner or later!" Harriet sneered. "Let's go. Don't bother with this crazy woman!" 
She glanced at Delbert again before leaving gracefully. 
The Bass brothers followed her and guarded against everyone. 
Feeling so wronged and insulted, Sadie was extremely angry. 
She turned to look at Delbert and felt a surge of grievance in her heart. 
Playing the victim, she said, "Delbert, you are my fiancé. I will never let anyone take you away. No matter how despicable that woman is, I will protect you!" 
Only when Delbert was by her side could she feel a hint of reassurance. At least for now, Delbert belonged to her. 
"You should stay away from Harriet. She is malicious and always finds trouble with me. Don't let her sweet talk deceive you," she said.
Delbert's eyes flickered, and he nodded absently. "Let's avoid her and not engage with her."
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688
He seemed to be comforting Sadie, but his eyes unconsciously looked in the direction where Harriet had just left. 
Harriet was already out of sight, and it made him feel sad. 
If it weren't for finding evidence, he would have rushed out and punched those people. 
He had to ensure it and keep all his thoughts to himself. 
But Sadie sensed his perfunctory attitude. 
She couldn't help feeling a little jealous. Delbert had forgotten about the past, but he still couldn't let go of Harriet. 
It was ironic and a harsh blow to her. 
But to prevent Delbert from suspecting anything, she had to reluctantly agree, "She is targeting both of us. You should stay away from her and don't let yourself get hurt because of me." 
She pulled at Delbert, feeling a little uneasy. 
Delbert composed himself and hummed, "Okay, I'll remember." 
Just getting Delbert's promise was not enough. Sadie still felt uneasy. She decided to do something to keep him forever by her side. 
Otherwise, even if Delbert didn't regain his memory, relying on the familiarity he had developed with Harriet over time, he would eventually see through her lies.
Now that she had finally won him over, she naturally would not let go or allow Harriet to take him back. 
... 
At night. 
To celebrate the reunion of Miriam, Harriet, and Andy, Levi hosted a family banquet. 
The villa was brightly lit. 
Everyone looked up eagerly upstairs. 
They all seemed a little at a loss, looking at each other nervously. 
"It took Yvonne so long to dress up," Henry said impatiently. 
"Girls always take more time to dress up. It's normal," Justin said, his gaze fixed on the upper floor. 
Before long, the sound of the door opening came from upstairs. Miriam then came out with Harriet, who was wearing a white dress and a crown. 
The Bass brothers and Andy were amazed. 
"Yvonne is gorgeous!" 
"She truly is our little princess!" 
"Yvonne, here is a gift for you." Alan stepped forward and handed her a box. "This is a set of jewelry customized for you." 
The others exchanged looks and swarmed over.
"Yvonne, here is my gift for you. Although I'm not as capable as Alan, I prepared a unique set of jewelry for you." 
"Yvonne, I don't have anything impressive to give, so I'll give you my credit card. Spend as much as you like." 
Harriet looked helplessly at them and pressed down on their hands. 
"Alright, brothers, I know your good intentions. Today, we're just having a family banquet, not my birthday. There is no need to give such expensive gifts. You can keep them for now." 
Deep down, she knew that they wanted to make her happy because Delbert had forgotten about her. 
She was blessed to have such sweet brothers.
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689
"How can that be?" Levi frowned. "You deserve to be pampered by us." 
"That's right! Yvonne, you are our treasure!" 
Arthur nodded and quickly stuffed the credit card in her hand. 
Harriet was caught off guard, her hands full of gifts. 
"How am I supposed to go downstairs with all these things?" she smiled helplessly. 
"Let me handle it!" Henry helped lift the hem of her dress and escorted her downstairs. 
"Today is just a family banquet. There's no need to be so grand. I'm happy enough to be with Mom and you guys," Harriet said, putting the gifts aside. 
"Silly girl, you've been through too much over the years," Miriam said, rubbing Harriet's head. 
She had already learned about Delbert's amnesia from the Bass brothers and felt worried about Harriet. 
"Alright, let's not mention those unhappy things. We rarely get together. Today should be a happy day," Arthur said, pulling up a chair for her. 
Harriet sat down, and Arthur proposed a toast. "To Yvonne, our little princess. Wish her happiness forever!" 
The others echoed, and Harriet was touched. 
Henry livened up the atmosphere by performing a magic trick, leading the mood to a climax.
Laughter filled the room as they sat at the round table. 
Harriet smiled, feeling warm, as her brothers tried their best to make her happy. 
She tossed off her wine and looked into the distance. Her thoughts drifted away. 
Delbert was notably absent. 
He no longer remembered anything about her. 
Harriet felt sad and wondered how Delbert ended up being with Sadie after losing his memory. 
'Is our past unimportant to him? Does he really not remember anything?' she thought. 
She sighed, finished her drink, and then left the hall. 
She walked onto the balcony and swayed the glass in her hand. A flicker of sadness flashed across her eyes. 
A cool breeze blew over, dispersing some of the alcohol intoxication. 
"Harriet, why are you alone here?" 
A voice suddenly came from behind, and Harriet turned around, forcing a smile. "I drank too much, so I came out to sober up." 
Andy's gaze fell on her wine glass, but he didn't lay it bare. 
The wine Harriet drank was brought by Arthur. It was not strong and would not make her drunk. 
"Silly girl!" Andy shook his head and came to her side. "Are you thinking about Delbert?"
Harriet stiffened, about to explain, but Andy added, "I know about your past, so don't try to hide it from me." 
Harriet looked at him in shock. Andy smiled and patted her head. "How can our little princess be wronged? 
"Don't worry about it. I'll help you figure out everything and bring Delbert back to you." 
Harriet sniffed and threw herself into Andy's arms. "Andy..." 
"Don't cry. Those eight people inside are watching. If you cry, they will hold me accountable."
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690
Harriet burst into laughter, and Andy laughed along. 
"Okay, wipe away your tears. Your brothers are entertaining Miriam inside. You can't miss this opportunity. 
"Take ugly photos of them and post them online. You might make a fortune!" he joked. 
Harriet chuckled, and Oliver's voice suddenly came from behind them. "Andy, you're making nonsense. Are you instigating Harriet to do something bad? I'll teach you a lesson." 
Oliver grabbed Andy by the neck and tried to pull him inside. Harriet couldn't help but shake her head and laugh. 
"Yvonne came here to whisper to Andy. What's going on? Are you guys keeping anything from us?" Alan said jealously. 
"What secret? I just drank too much and came out to sober up. Andy then joined me," Harriet said, refusing to admit that she had been sad because of Delbert. 
"I will sober up with you." Oliver let go of Andy and trapped Harriet on the balcony, pretending to be serious. "How do you want to sober up? Do you want tea, soft drinks, or something to eat? I'll get them for you." 
Arthur came over and glanced at Oliver. "Don't lead Yvonne astray." 
Oliver stiffened and forced a smile.
Arthur turned to Harriet and asked, "Yvonne, are you drunk? Should I go buy you some sobering medicine?" 
"I'll go!" Alan volunteered, but Arthur's glance silenced him. 
Lucas came up and took Harriet's hand. "Come with me. I have the best sobering medicine." 
Andy stood on the side, looking at Harriet with a smirk. 
He would like to see how Harriet handled the situation. 
Harriet looked at them and quickly said, "No need! Your enthusiasm has dispelled the intoxication. Let's go back and have another round of drinks." 
Their villa was filled with laughter. In contrast, the dining room where Sadie and Delbert sat was somewhat desolate. 
Sadie prepared Delbert's favorite dishes, but she felt uneasy about the encounter between Harriet and Delbert. 
Her position was now unstable, and she didn't want to lose Delbert. 
She had to do something to keep Delbert by her side forever. 
"Delbert, have a crab leg. It was just airlifted here today, and the servants got it from the hotel. It's still fresh," she said. 
Delbert smiled and picked up dishes for her. 
Sadie absentmindedly took a few bites before putting down her fork and knife. 
Delbert noticed her hesitance and wiped his mouth. "What's wrong?"
"Delbert, let's get engaged," she said. 
"Engaged?" Delbert exclaimed. "Why so sudden?"
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691
Sadie shook her head and reached out to grab him. "Delbert, it's not sudden. I'm afraid of losing you. I've already lost Miriam, and now you're my only support. I cannot lose you either." 
The rims of her eyes reddened. 
Delbert sighed heavily and patted her hand. "What are you talking about? How could you lose me?" 
"I'm just scared, Delbert. Will you marry me?" Sadie pleaded. 
Delbert frowned and thought for a moment. "But your mother just passed away. Wouldn't it be inappropriate for us to get engaged immediately?" 
Sadie hesitated for a moment and forced a smile. "If Miriam knew that we were engaged, she would be happy. All she wanted was to see me happy. 
"Delbert, I am happy with you. I believe Miriam would be pleased in heaven." 
Delbert forced a smile. "If so, let's get engaged. Miriam would be happy for us." 
"Delbert, thank you." Sadie leaned against his chest, unaware of the glint in Delbert's eyes. 
Sadie had already decided on the timing and set the wedding date for a month later. 
Now, she was certain that Delbert had really lost his memory. 
Otherwise, he would never agree to marry her. 
Delbert looked at her confident appearance and smirked.
... 
After a night of revelry, the Bass brothers were still fast asleep. Harriet woke up early the next morning and saw Miriam preparing breakfast. 
"Mom!" she called out. 
"You're up. Come and have breakfast." Miriam pointed to the table and smiled. "Arthur and Andy stayed up all night. They probably won't wake up this morning." 
Harriet thought of what happened last night and laughed. Her usually strict brothers seemed to have let loose after returning home, just like a group of three-year-old children. 
"Mom, it's just the two of us today. Let me take you out for a walk," Harriet suggested. 
"Okay, I haven't been out for a walk in a long time," Miriam said happily. 
After they finished breakfast, they set off, taking a walk around the vicinity of the villa. Miriam suggested going to the nearby supermarket to see if there was anything they could buy. 
"Oh, are those Ms. Bass and her mother?" 
"Why do they lower themselves to come to a place like this?" 
A mocking voice came from behind them. Miriam and Harriet turned around, only to see a middle- aged woman. 
Harriet frowned, about to confront the woman, but her friend laughed, taking out her phone. "Don't you know? They are fake. 
"Haven't you read the news? Felipe has announced Miriam's death. This woman is an imposter who wants her daughter to enter the Bass family.
"They are delusional and shameless." 
The people gathered around them, joining in the criticism of Harriet and Miriam. 
Miriam turned pale and clutched her bag. 
Harriet turned livid and glared at the woman.
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692
"Why do you think I'm not Ms. Bass? How much did Sadie give you to slander us?" Harriet questioned her. 
The woman changed colors and pointed at Harriet. "You're uncultured. How can you possibly be Ms. Bass? 
"As I see it, you're just a lowly peasant." 
"That's right! They are shameless!" 
The people around them came up, cursing at the mother and daughter. 
Someone threw vegetables at them, but Harriet quickly protected Miriam. 
Something hard hit her back, causing her immense pain. 
"Harriet!" Miriam felt distressed. 
"Mom, don't be afraid! I'm okay!" Harriet reassured her, turning around to grab that person's wrist. 
Startled, the woman stammered, "What? Do you want to hit me?" 
"What if I do?" Harriet sneered. 
The woman panicked and shoved Harriet with all her might. 
The ground was littered with vegetables. Harriet slipped and fell into a warm embrace. 
A familiar scent greeted her.
Before she could react, the person helped her up, holding up the phone in his hand. "You were the ones who started it. I've recorded everything. 
"This is mayhem, and Ms. Bass can sue you." 
The people present were immediately thrown into chaos. 
"What? We didn't hit her. Call the police as you like. I don't believe the police will detain us." 
The man sneered, "Alright then. This is a mob assault, and you will be detained for fifteen days. 
"And what do other people's family matters have to do with you? Do you have the right to meddle here?" 
At his words, the crowd looked at each other and dispersed. 
The man's deep voice carried unquestionable dominance. Harriet stared at him and thought of Delbert. 
"Delbert, is it you?" 
Harriet grabbed the man's hand, but he frowned and shook off her hand. 
"You've mistaken me for someone else," he said before walking away. 
Flustered, Harriet chased after him, but the man's steps were too fast. 
He turned around the corner, and when Harriet reached the place, the man was already gone. 
Harriet gazed ahead, thinking about his familiar scent and deliberately lowered voice. 
It was clearly Delbert.
Harriet looked at the bustling street ahead and couldn't snap out of it. 
Miriam glanced at Harriet and detected a thoughtful look in her eyes. 
Seeing her dazed look, Miriam asked with concern. "What's wrong? Do you know that man?"
###Chapter 693
Chapter 693
Miriam's voice brought Harriet back to reality. She hid her thoughts and turned around with a smile.
"I don't know him. How could I know? His face was covered. Even if I knew him, I wouldn't recognize him," she said.
Miriam looked at Harriet's unnatural expression and tried to figure out whether she was telling the truth, but in the end, she didn't say anything.
"I just feel it's strange that someone suddenly helped us. Maybe we encountered a kind-hearted person," Harriet said. "Let's go home. It's chilly on the street. Look, even my hair is standing up."
Miriam smiled and went home with her.
Once inside the house, Harriet took a shower first. She thought about what happened earlier, feeling that the matter was not that simple. There must be something that she didn't know.
Wrapped in a towel, she came out of the bathroom and sat on the sofa, furrowing her brows.
It was getting dark, and the last sunlight was replaced by the cold moonlight.
Miriam came over and turned on the lights. The room brightened, and the white light shone on Harriet's arms.
"Harriet, what are you thinking about here?" Miriam asked, sitting next to her.
Not wanting to worry Miriam, Harriet decided to investigate this matter on her own.
"It's nothing, Mom. You should go to sleep. I have something to do," Harriet said, dismissing further questions.
Then she began to investigate the matter, knowing that things were not as simple as they appeared.
A few days later, she finally found out the truth. Everything was just as she suspected. It was Sadie, all along, who was behind all this, spreading false information online.
Sadie even went to great lengths to boost the popularity of this fake news, making it widely known to everyone and even inciting public anger through trolls.
Now the whole inte was talking about this incident, with the blame continuously falling on Harriet and Miriam.
Harriet looked at the content and frowned. She never expected that Sadie could stoop so low and come up with such methods. She couldn't think of anyone more malicious than Sadie. 
Harriet felt frustrated. She hadn't been targeted like this in her life.
She sat there, contemplating a strategy, until her eyes lit up.
Previously, Andy had given her evidence that could prove she was the true heiress of the Bass family. It was time to put it to good use. Originally, Harriet didn't want to reveal this matter so soon, but now, with Sadie forcing her hand, she had no choice.
Sadie asked for it.
Harriet sorted out the evidence and issued a statement online that she was the real Ms. Bass and that her mother was Miriam.
The strong evidence immediately caught the public's attention. Countless people liked the post. Some raised doubts, but they were quickly refuted. Such things Could not be fabricated. 
[Oh my God, is it real? The twist is too sudden, isn't it?]
[I can't believe it. Turns out Harriet is really the heiress of the Bass family, and Sadie is just a fake.]
[This is horrible. What means did
Sadie use to keep the real Ms. Bass wandering outside all this time and make Miriam lie unconscious in the hospital? When Miriam finally woke up, Sadie held a funeral for her.] 
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694
[If I were Miriam, I would definitely hate Sadie.]
[Yeah, that's horrible.]
Such comments surged after the statement. Harriet calmly read them.
Everyone knew that Harriet was declaring war on Sadie.
Public opinion had changed dramatically. Those who used to curse Harriet now started to support her, while the curses on Sadie grew more and
more.
In her apartment, Sadie turned on her phone and received notifications with titles like 'Sadie is a fake, and the real Ms. Bass is someone else'. Sadie's pupils shook.
She opened the article and saw the evidence provided by Harriet.
Sadie was furious. She thought things would go according to her plan, but they went south.
'How could Harriet provide evidence? Doesn't it mean I'm going to lose everything?' she thought.
With her identity exposed, what would be left for her?
Would she even lose Delbert in the end?
Sadie's heart was flustered, but she forced herself to calm down.
Just then, the door opened, and Delbert came in.
"Sadie, what's wrong? You look upset." Delbert looked at her calmly.
Sadie deliberately spoke ill of Harriet. "Harriet is terrible. For the sake of fame and fortune, she. provided fake evidence, claiming that she was the real Ms. Bass and I was an impostor." 
Delbert scrolled through his phone and smiled meaningfully at the news.
Harriet had become clever.
"Delbert, are you with me? Why are you smiling?" Sadie frowned.
Delbert put away his smile and began to comfort Sadie, "It's okay The truth will come out sooner or later. If you don't do anything wrong, you have nothing to fear. We don't need to be afraid." 
But Sadie was feeling guilty.
In the afternoon, she left the villa. She couldn't sit there and wait for her doom.
She met with Felipe, trying to find a solution.
When she arrived, Felipe was sipping his coffee, looking relaxed.
"Have you read the news online?" Sadie asked anxiously.
Felipe nodded. "It's hard to notice the big fuss."
Sadie pulled at his sleeve. "Help me come up with a solution."
Felipe heaved a deep sigh. "This matter has stirred up discussions across the inte. The power of public opinion is immense, and I don't have any solution." 
Sadie was annoyed by his indifference. She snatched the cup and poured the coffee on the floor.
"Can't you be serious?" she sulked.
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695
"I am serious." Felipe looked at Sadie in confusion, feeling that her anger was inexplicable.
In fact, he understood that Sadie was already at the end of her rope. There was no way she could remain calm.
"Don't forget that we're on the same boat!" Sadie said, feeling that Felipe had a solution.
Most importantly, he was the only person she could seek help from. Felipe's attitude indicated that he was unwilling to help her.
In her mind, since Felipe acknowledged her, he should protect her.
"How so?" Felipe found it funny.
Sadie's makeup was smudged, and she looked messy.
How did he end up choosing such a fool to be Ms. Bass?
Sadie calmed down and sat down with a smirk.
"Have you forgotten that many years ago, when I was little, I took Harriet's place and became Ms. Bass? They had been searching for Harriet, and I went to them with Harriet's pendant," she said.
Felipe initially did not understand why she suddenly brought up these things. But slowly, he felt that something was wrong, and his brows furrowed. "However, you saw through that pendant at a glance," Sadie continued. "Although many years have passed, I don't believe you have forgotten." Felipe was displeased, but Sadie was satisfied with his reaction.
She added, "You claimed that I was not Miriam's daughter. No matter how I explained, you still believed so, thinking I was a fake. But what happened later? You helped me become Ms. Bass." 
Felipe turned pale, not expecting Sadie to dig up these old events.
"Why did you make me Ms. Bass? Do you think I don't know?
"I was young, but I was not ignorant. You helped me deceive others and were indifferent when I pushed Miriam down the stairs.
"Then you used to control the Bass family after Joshua passed away. I kept quiet because I coveted the glory and wealth. It doesn't mean I didn't know anything."
"Shut up! Stop talking nonsense!
None of this is true! The Bass family
was leaderless at that time, so what's wrong with me managing it? I am also a member of the Bass family," Felipe said angrily 
Sadie was satisfied with his strong emotions.
She sneered, "What's the use of being anxious now? Can you deny what you have done? Without me, you wouldn't have obtained your position today. If Harriet had come back would you have had this opportunity?" 
Felipe stared at her and compromised. "What do you want?"
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696
Sadie laughed, "I made it clear just now. I helped you before, and now it's time for you to help me. If you don't help me get through this crisis, I will have to reveal everything that happened back then. Even if everything falls apart, I'm not afraid. I just wonder if you are afraid."
Felipe's chest heaved. He never expected to be threatened in his lifetime. But now, what choice did he have? Everything was beyond his control. "Sadie, you really play a good conspiracy, calculating me to this extent," he said.
"Well, will you help me or not?" Sadie said.
"Do I have a choice?" Felipe calmed down and said, "Don't worry. I will figure out a way. This is a tricky matter, and I need time to think about it."
Sadie nodded. "The sooner, the better. I have to go."
She turned around and left the room.
Felipe lingered for a moment before getting up. He planned to go to Harriet's villa.
In this matter, Miriam was the breakthrough.
If he couldn't solve the problem, he could get rid of the person who raised it.
When he arrived, only Miriam and Andy were at home. He saw the two sitting on the sofa through the window and walked over.
At this time, Harriet should still be working at Levi's company.
"Miriam, my father is here," Andy said, noticing the figure.
Miriam followed him to look over, but neither of them had the intention of opening the door for Felipe.
Aware of their anger, Felipe apologized at the door and even prepared valuable gifts for them.
"This is a token of my sincerity. Please accept it."
However, Andy pushed his hand
away, saying, "We won't accept your gifts. Come in if you have something to say. We don't want the neighbors to gossip." 
Felipe agreed and poured water for them. "Miriam, Andy, I was wrong, and I regret it. I was threatened by Sadie and became temporarily enchanted by the Bass family' wealth, so I chose to help her if
given another chance, I will never do it again!" 
Met with their indifference, he sighed and continued regretfully, "I really regret it. I made a mistake, and I hope that you'll forgive me."
He looked at Miriam, who remained indifferent, and knelt in front of her.
"Miriam, please forgive me!" he said.
His words broke through Miriam's defenses, reminding her of Felipe's kindness to her when she was little.
Miriam and Andy glanced at each
other. They were both simple people and believed what Felipe said, thinking that he must have realized Sadie's conspiracy and knew he was wrong. 
Little did they know that Felipe was the one pulling the strings.
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697
"Felipe, we believe you. Don't beat yourself up," Miriam said.
Andy sighed and also expressed his forgiveness to Felipe.
Relieved, Felipe said, "By the way, three days later, I want to invite you, Harriet, Miriam, and your eight adopted sons to attend the Bass family banquet. At that time, I will reveal the truth and personally send Sadie to prison."
Miriam and Andy were pleased with Felipe's change of heart.
Once they dealt with Sadie, they could live harmoniously.
"She deserves it! I won't let her off the hook, and I will return everything to Harriet," Felipe added.
In fact, he wanted to take them all down in one fell swoop.
...
When the sky was adorned with twinkling stars, Harriet returned home from work.
She opened the door, changed into slippers, and lay down on the sofa.
Miriam brought over a fruit plate. Harriet took it and sweetly said, "Thank you, Mom."
Andy also came to the sofa. They exchanged looks, and Miriam finally mentioned the matter. "Felipe visited us today," she said.
She winked at Andy, and he picked up the conversation. "My father said that the Bass family would hold a
banquet three days. He hoped et
in
that we could attend and deal with Sadie. He would send her to prison and restore your identity as Ms. Bass." 
Naturally, Harriet did not believe that Felipe would suddenly become so kind.
"Mom, Andy, you can't trust him. There must be a trick in this!" Harriet said.
Miriam tried to persuade her. "I think we can trust Felipe. His attitude was quite sincere."
"Mom, you must not be deceived by his show Think about it! Why didn't he help us before, and now, how could he suddenly want to help us? There must be some conspiracy
waiting for us," Harriet said 
However, Miriam didn't believe Felipe could be so heartless. After all, they were family.
"Harriet, trust me. Felipe won't deceive us. He is not harboring any other motives this time. He just wants to restore our family bond," Miriam tried again.
Harriet had to agree. "Okay, Mom, I'll attend with my brothers."
At bedtime, Harriet returned to her room and made a call.
Arthur answered the phone and blurted out, "What's up, Yvonne?"
"Arthur, there is something I want to tell you," Harriet said.
"Go ahead!" Arthur said.
"Today after work, Miriam told me that Felipe invited us all to the Bass family banquet in three days. I always feel there is a conspiracy, but Miriam and Andy trust him," Harriet revealed.
"Yvonne, your feelings are correct.
Felipe must have ulterior motives Miriam is too sentimental. Unfortunately, people's hearts are unpredictable," Arthur said, agreeing with Harriet's opinion. 
Felipe's sudden invitation couldn't be anything good.
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698
"What should we do?" Harriet was worried about the situation.
"We will attend the banquet, but everyone must be cautious. Let's see what tricks Felipe is playing," Arthur said.
"Okay!" Harriet readily agreed.
Soon, it was the day of the banquet. Harriet took her brother, mother, and Andy to attend it.
They got out of the car and saw Felipe waiting at the entrance.
"Harriet, you're here," he said warmly.
Felipe's affectionate words gave Harriet goosebumps.
'When did Felipe become so slick?' she thought.
His smiling face only made her feel insincere.
After greeting Harriet, Felipe greeted the others.
Although Felipe appeared very friendly and seemed to have no ill intentions, Harriet became more convinced that he was orchestrating something big.
Harriet remained vigilant, wary of everything present.
At the banquet, Harriet stood elegantly, swaying the wine in her glass while surveying the surroundings. She didn't drink at all. The wine glass was just her disguise.
Sadie arrived in a beautiful dress. If Harriet weren't there, she would have been the most beautiful girl there.
As soon as Sadie entered the house, Harriet noticed her because Delbert was with her.
Sadie also noticed Harriet. In the
warm
causin
jealousy to burn in here
cat, Harriet looked . equs,
Sadie and Harriet locked eyes. The atmosphere between them became tense.
Sadie provocatively linked arms with Delbert and smiled triumphantly at Harriet.
She was like saying, "You may be
pretty
family, b
come from a wealthy
but so what? Everything you have now belongs to me!" 
M
She failed to notice the fleeting disgust in Delbert's eyes.
Harriet felt resentful. That was her husband.
Why did Sadie want to possess her things?
Sadie walked gracefully with Delbert, eventually reaching the dessert table near Harriet.
"Delbert, I want that one." Sadie pointed at a dessert, putting on a show for Harriet to watch.
Delbert picked it up for her, lest she suspect anything.
Sadie's intimate tone made Harriet sick. Sadie was such an imposter.
Sadie opened her mouth, signaling for Delbert to feed her.
Delbert understood her meaning and did as she wished.
He scooped a piece of dessert and placed it in Sadie's mouth.
Sadie chewed slowly and smiled sweetly. With one hand linked
Delbert's and the other holdin
wine glass, she looked very happy. 
Harriet felt sad, but she didn't show it.
She was unwilling to reveal any weakness in front of Sadie, no matter how painful it was.
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699
Holding her goblet, Harriet scoffed, "Things stolen from others won't last long!"
With that, she picked up a piece of cake with a spoon and put it in her mouth.
But when Delbert was so intimate with another woman, she felt a pricking pain in her heart.
She put her hands on her chest, unwilling to let anyone see her discomfort.
'After we deal with Sadie, Delbert will come back to me,' she reminded herself.
Sadie glanced at Harriet in the distance and went up with Delbert.
Intentionally, she said to Harriet, "This is the Bass family's banquet. What are you, an outsider, doing here? It's funny."
She covered her mouth and sarcastically chuckled.
Harriet shot back, "Where do you get the nerve to say such things? I thought you were talking about yourself. Isn't this just slapping yourself in the face?"
Annoyed, Sadie pointed at Harriet's nose.
The Bass brothers heard the commotion and quickly walked over.
Oliver was annoyed by Sadie's arrogant attitude and grabbed her finger.
"How dare you treat Yvonne like this? Take your dirty hands off her. If you point at her again, I'll chop off your finger!" Oliver snapped, intimidating Sadie.
Unwilling to be outdone, she
continued to provoke Harriet.
"Delbert and I are getting married
soon You didn't know, ar
right? Remember to come." 
Harriet looked at her in the eye.
"Don't call him that!" Harriet said, gritting her teeth.
Sadie ignored her, smiled at Delbert, and interlocked fingers with him.
Delbert returned a gentle smile to her.
Harriet clenched her fists and
sneered, "Copycat! Disgusting! He is
not yours. He will never be, and I'll
take back everything that
me." 
As if hearing a funny joke, Sadie scoffed, "But now that they belong to me, you will never get them back."
Harriet furiously shouted, "He is not a thing! He is Delbert, someone you will never be worthy of!
"That's all you've got, stealing someone else's life and then coming to flaunt in front of the person who was stolen from."
Harriet mocked and continued,
"Sadie, do you have a psychological defect? Do you want to find inner peace through showing off? The more you act like this, the more I look down on you." 
Delbert heard their conversation and smiled.
Harriet's skill in arguing with people was still formidable.
Sadie was annoyed and tried to slap Harriet.
Arthur quickly reacted, grabbing her wrist.
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700
"It seems that you don't want your hands anymore," Arthur sneered. "Get lost! Don't disgust us."
Sadie wanted to argue, but Levi chimed in, "Shut it! If I hear one more insult toward Harriet coming out of your mouth, I'll kill you right now. You know I have the power to do so!"
Sadie was daunted, fully aware of Levi's power.
Andy saw them arguing and went to find Felipe.
"Father, why haven't you taken care of Sadie yet? You promised to personally send her to prison, give her the punishment she deserves, and return the power to Harriet and Miriam."
Felipe sneered, "Son, that's na?ve of you."
Andy understood his meaning.
Sure enough, Felipe was scheming against them.
Andy played dumb and asked with a puzzled look, "What do you mean by that?"
"Isn't it obvious? I was deceiving you all," Felipe laughed. "You're silly, son."
"What is your purpose in bringing us here?" Andy said incredulously.
Felipe did not reply, just clapping his hands.
Soon, the hotel was crowded with men dressed as waiters.
They surrounded Harriet, Miriam, Andy, and the Bass brothers.
Andy angrily questioned Felipe, "Father, is this your purpose? Dov want to silence us? Do you want kill your family?" Content SW wongs to
Now they realized what Felipe was up to.
Arthur sneered, looking around with disdaine "Is this all you've got? Don you think you can trap us?" 
s swinconto &
He glanced at Felipe. "You underestimated us."
Felipe ignored him and ordered, "Do it!"
He sat down in a chair, ready to watch the show.
His men were ready for action.
Arthur reminded Oliver, "You're the best fighter among us. Take care of Yvonne and Miriam."
"Rest assured!" Oliver nodded.
The Bass brothers didn't even consider these few men a threat and immediately took action.
Amid screams, Felipe's men were overpowered.
The Bass brothers, on the other hand, were unscathed. Full of disgust, they dusted off their hands.
Felipe was shocked to see all his men wiped out.
Miriam and Andy realized they had been deceived.
"Felipe, how can you be so
heartless? For your benefit, do you want to harm your family? Do you have no humanity left?" Miriam coldly questioned him. "We're sister and son. This is so
disappointing. I don't have a brother like you." 
###Chapter 701
Chapter 701
Felipe had no choice but to answer their questions. After all, he had lost all his subordinates.
He spoke slowly, "I never said I would harm you."
"Father, I am truly disappointed in you," Andy said bitterly.
Miriam was even more disappointed. "Felipe, we trust you so much, coming to participate in the family banquet, and this is how you treat us? I don't have a brother like you."
Felipe remained indifferent. No matter what they said, he didn't care. All he cared about was the power of the Bass family.
"I will spare you this time for the sake of when you saved me in my childhood. But the next time we meet, we will be enemies. Harriet, let's go."
With that, Miriam led Harriet, Andy, and the Bass brothers to leave.
Harriet took a deep look at Delbert.
But he was comforting Sadie, who was frightened by the scene.
'Would Sadie be afraid? She is pretending.' Harriet thought bitterly.
When Harriet returned to the villa, her face was very grim and pale.
Miriam felt guilty about this. She regretted trusting Felipe so easily, almost putting Harriet in danger.
She walked to Harriet, her face full of self-blame and anxiety.
"Harriet, are you okay? I shouldn't have believed what Felipe said. If I hadn't believed him, you wouldn't have been in danger today. I'm so sorry."
Harriet reassured her, "It's okay, Mom. It's not your fault. Felipe is too cunning, and he deceived you.
"We were deceived and suffered losses this time, but it won't happen again," Miriam said.
Andy felt equally guilty.
He shouldn't have trusted Felipe.
The Bass brothers, however, felt that this matter could not be easily forgiven.
"This is not over. We'll make them
pay the price," Arthur said. "We have been making concessions, showing them kindness, but all we got in return was this result, which@s not worth it." 
Harriet nodded. "I will let Felipe know that hurting my family comes with a price."
Her patience had reached its limit long ago, and she no longer wanted to endure.
If it weren't for Miriam's sake, she would never have born with Felipe.
So, they quickly reached an agreement.
Led by Arthur and Levi, they started to strike at the Bass Group.
They made a call and demanded, "I want to see the stock price of the Bass Group plummet tomorrow morning."
The next day, Felipe and Sadie received the news.
"Mr. Bass, since this morning, our stock price has been falling, with no sign of recovery."
Felipe's and Sadie's faces changed.
Felipe coldly questioned, "How could
this happen? Hasn't our stock I
always been stable? Why did prics
suddenly plummet like this
Sadie followed up, "Have the financial statistics of our losses been calculated?"
Foet
The employee replied anxiously, "The finance department is on it, if things go on like this, we may g pt." 
go
###Chapter 702
Chapter 702
Sadie broke down all at once.
She slumped onto the nearby chair, unsure of what to do.
"How could this happen?" she muttered.
If the Bass family went bankrupt, what would be the point of her being Ms. Bass?
Felipe quickly told the employee, "Notify all departments. No matter what means they use and no matter the cost, they must stop the current situation."
But his tone lacked confidence.
He had a faint idea of who was behind this.
It must be the Bass brothers.
Felipe turned to look at Sadie and scoffed, "We're in trouble. Satisfied now? If it weren't for you insisting on dealing with Harriet, we wouldn't have ended up like this."
Sadie was provoked by his words.
She stood up and glared at him. "What do you mean by that? You sound like the plummeting stock price has something to do with me. The company is losing money, and I am just as anxious. Besides, dealing with Harriet was also what you wanted, wasn't it? Why do you blame it all on me?"
Felipe snorted, "You're anxious, but how many tricks have you kept up your sleeve? Don't think I don't know."
Sadie lost her temper all at once. "Do you think I know nothing about your scheming mind? Can you even bear to mention the things you've done?" "Do you think those things can have a significant impact on me?" Felipe snorted.
Sadie sneered, "I didn't expect you to be like this, so I'll just say it straight. Why didt enter the Bass family? You wanted to groom me into your puppet, didn't you? It was you who invited me to become Ms. Bass." 
Her words struck a nerve.
Felipe rushed forward and grabbed Sadie by the neck.
"How dare you threaten me with this? Do you want us to perish together?" he growled.
Despite the pain, Sadie shot back, "So what? What can you do about it? Kill me if you can."
She went all out.
Felipe came to his senses, loosening his grip and pushing Sadie to the ground.
It took Felipe a while to calm down. "Now is not the time for internal strife. We must present a united frontand deal with Harriet after the stock price issue is resolved."
Sadie slowly stood up and said, "Alright! But everything I said just now is the truth."
Felipe glared at her. "True, but if you work against me, what will you gain?"
Sadie thought for a moment and said,
Whether I can reveal t
wh
not depends on
Felipe was daunted and said nothing.
During their argument, they revealed everything.
Little did they know that Delbert had recorded it all.
